1861.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
had bankrupted the country; and we pledged our-
selves to give an honest and faithful Administra-
tion of the Government. We said, " We will
put a stop to this plunder, to this robbery of the
Treasury." Now, the new Administration has
just been inaugurated, and we are here in execu-
tive session, and one of the first things that comes
up is a job, one of the old sort, to Gales & Seaton.
We passed just such a thing last year. At the
last Congress we gave them a job, and now we
are asked to give them another; and if we do it
now, we shall have to go through with it. What
do my Republican friends mean in voting for these
things ? Do you mean to belie yourselves ? Do
you mean to allow the country to believe that it
was only to get into place and displace a Demo-
cratic Admimstrationand put youand yourfriends
in position, and that you are going on with just
exactly the same system of corruption and plun-
der, or did you mean to be entirely and truly
honest?
Mr. HALE. They meant so, no doubt, when
out of power.
Mr. BINGHAM. My friend says they meant
so when they were out of power. Why do they
not practice it when they are in power? Why do
they not live up to their professions and pledges?
Why not let the country understand that they
mean to be true to their word; that they mean to
stop all these jobs, and all this plunder from the
Treasury ?
Now, if my friend from New Hampshire will
read part of this testimony to relieve me a little,
1 shall be obliged to him; if he wiil not, I shall go
on. I want the Senate to understand what were
the printing plunders last year, which my friend
from New York investigated so extensively; and
there is a minority report of Mr. Shdcll's m ref-
erence to it. That select committee met on the
31st of January, 1860, and Mr. Cornelius Wen-
dell was callcd and examined.
Mr. HALE. Did they choose a clcrk?
Mr. BINGHAM. The report does not state;
but I suppose they had a clcrk.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will give way for a moment. It is man-
ifest that he is not very familiar with those re-
ports, and has not examined them carefully, and
will have to read the whole of them to get them
before the Senate. Perhaps he could condense
them if he had time to consider them. I move,
therefore, to postpone this resolution till the first
Monday of December next, in order to enable
my friend from Michigan to select out the parts
that apply to this particular case; and then we
can do some other business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Take up your resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Take up mine, or any
other.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield the floor to that
motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope this question will be
postponed for the purpose of taking up the reso-
lution of my colleague. I want to get the vote
upon that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So do I.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I want to find out how many
men m the Senate are willing to vote to censure
the President for withdrawing the troops at Fort
Sumter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware that the
troops have been withdrawn from Fort Sumter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved to
postpone the further consideration of the resolu-
tion before the Senate, until the first Monday of
December next.
The motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution of the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]- be taken
up.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sen?eant-at-Arm« be, aiul he is here-
by, authorized to make ilie removals indicated by him in
the Senate report No. 309, ot the late session.
Mr. HALE. Is that resolution up?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on taking it up.
Mi. DOUGLAS. I thought we postponed the
other question in order to take up the resolution
offered by xny colleague about the forts in the
South.
Mr. HALE. That had better go oves to the
first Monday of December, I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the resolution just read be taken up for con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I did not expect that this reso-
lution would be taken up at this time. The report
from the Committee to Auditand Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate, to which it refers,
was made m answer to a resolution passed on my
motion the session before the last. If the com-
mittee had reported at any seasonable time during
the last session—I mean seasonable in view of
any action of the Senate—it was my intention to
call the attention of the Senate to it; but as it was
not presented until the 2d day of March, which
was the Saturday before we adjourned on Sun-
day, on Monday there was no time. I do not
mean to censure the committee at all; but I simply
mention this fact as an excuse for not calling at-
tention to it. There are some things that do re-
quire attention, and they do require the investiga-
tion of the Senate; and I am a little sorry that the
committee, in their investigation, did not do more
than simply address notes to the Secretary and
the Sergeant-at-Arms to inquire their opinions as
to the necessary number of officers and whether
there were any abuses or not.
Now, sir, I am told—I do not aver this from
my own knowledge—that some officers, employed
and paid by the month, as doing business here for
the Senate, are not near the Senate. Some of them
are, or have been, traveling in Europe—so I have
been told; and I am toid that another is studying
mcdicine; and yet salaries are paid to them out of
the contingent fund of the Senate, on the pretense
that the Senate want these officers; and about once
a year you get a letter—I think the Secretary
sends you a letter, that, in his opinion, the force
cannot be diminished without detriment to the
public service! Well, sir, I think it can, and
ought to be; and I think, we mean to be an
honest party and an economical party, as my
friend from Michigan says, we ought to begin
hero and now. I want to read to you one or two
things here. We have got in the Secretary's office
these officers:
Secretaiy of the Senate $3,000
Olhcei in c-hrugeof the disbursements of the Senate, 430
Chief cleik  2,f 0U
Pimcipal clcrk   U.J60
Inventive cleik  XJJGO
Eight clciks   J.fT>0
Keopei ot the stationery  l,7.V2
Two messenger, each  J,080
One page  000
I think it will puzzle the country to know the
difference between a "chief cleik55 and a "prin-
cipal clerk." Then there is another page I want
to call the attention of the committee to this—and
let me say that I have a very high respect for this
committee—but 1 have not much respect for the
practices that they tolerate. They say that the
list which I have read comprises officers who are
employed under the resolution of the Senate passed
17th July, 1854, and the joint resolution of Con-
gress of July 20, 1854, and other subsequent res-
olutions of the Senate; and besides theno:
"J^y authority of the committee, a laboiet at $'1 20 per
day ; and. during the session onlj, a page t" a-^ist ill'* ac-
count clerk, at the same pay as those m the Seriate Cham-
ber, viz : .'>0 pei day.'*
Now, sir, I think that is manifestly and grossly
improper; and the great care and scrutiny of this
committee- 
Mr. DIXON. The Senator looks at me, and
seems to address me.
Mr. HALE. No.
Mr. DIXON. You were speaking of the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate. I will say that I have been
chairman of the commit! ue about one week, i refer
him to the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson,} who certainly, 1 think, has a char-
acter for economy quite equal to the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE, I am not going to compare notes
on that; but I am going to say here, that I think
this committee altogether mistook their power
when they undertook to employ laborers and
pages upon their own authority. Any other com-
mittee, when they want a clerk, oranything else,
apply to the body, and get authority; but here,
sir, you have an account clerk— I do notseehira
in the list, but they call him so—and you pay his
salary; and then, by the authority of the com-
mittee, you give that clerk a page. On another
page of this report, after giving the various em-
ployes of the Senate, and specifying their em-
ployment under the authority of various resolu-
tions and laws, you will find that there are other
laborers and pages who are employed without
any law, without any resolution, joint or of the
body, but simply by authority of the committee.
I intended, when I read this report, to introduce
a resolution into the Senate that it was not com-
petent for any committee—the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, or any other—to employ anybody to be paid
out of the public funds, without a law or a reso-
lution or an order from the body.
It seems that Mr. McNair, the Sergeant-at-
Arms, differs in his answer from all the other
reports that have ever been made from your offi-
ceis. If you read the Secretary's report, which
I have not before me, (I wish I had,) you will
find that the constant, continual report of the Sec-
retary (and I have not the shghest doubt that he
gave the honest convictions of his understanding
upon it) lias always been that no part of his force
can be dispensed with without detriment to the
public service. That is substantially it. The®,
sir, in the opinion of the Secretary, he requires
in his office,*n addition to some eightor tencferks,
two messengers the year round, and a page the
year round, at an annual salary of $500. Permit
me to say that I differ with the Secretary entirely.
I do not undertake to say that there is anything
wrong in it, (I mean wrong in intent;) but that it
is wrong in practice, I am clear.
Mr. McN air, in answer to the committee's
question, whether there are any abuses that re-
quire reform and amendment, says:
" I have the honor to state that, in my opinion, the em-
ployment of three messengers now employed may be dis-
pensed with during the recess of Congress, provided author-
ity be given me, m case of any unfoieseen emergency"—
Such, 1 suppose, as a John Brown raid on the
Capitol, or anything of that sort. [Laughter.]
in case of any unforeseen emergency, to employ labor-
ers."
Now, sir, I think I can appeal to those who
know me here since I have had the honor of a seat
on this floor, (and it has been a good while,) that I
have always voted to the very extent of my con-
science, and strctched it a little at that, to com-
pensate liberally all the officers of the Senate, and
all the messengers, and the pages, and the labor-
ers. I want all the force employed that should
be, and I want them to be paid not only justly,
but liberally—ay, generously. But I tell you, sir,
there is something else besides the rats that the
Senator from Michigan said so much about, that
needs to be seen to. I think the practice of letting
officers here study medicine, or travel in Eu-
rope 
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator yield to me a
moment ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. R.ICE. I would be very much obliged to
the Senator if he would name the officers who are
traveling abroad, or those who are studying pro-
fessions, while they are receiving pay from the
Senate. The object is to move an amendment to
the resolution, so as to dispense with their ser-
vices.
Mr. HALE. I cannot do it; and I do not
know that it is a fact.
Air. RICE. This is the second or third time
it has been named hero on the floor of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I believe it. I have no doubt of
it. It has be^n stated to mo repeatedly.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will allow me
to say a word.
Mr. HALE. I will sit down, and hear you a
long time with pleasure.
Mr. IIARLAN. The messenger who has had
charge of the room over the post office, whose
name I cannot give, told me that he was serving
as a substitute for a Doorkeeper who was travel-
ing m Europe.
Mr. HALE. There is one; and I believe that
is not the only case.
Mr. RiCE. It has been asserted several times
here on the floor of the Senate. It was stated the
other day; and it is a matter that should be looked
