1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
whether the election of Lincoln was a casus belli,
for which we ought to sever the relations existing
between .the different sections ? Sir, I pause to
remark that the election of Lincoln was no cause
of a dissolution of the Union. I tell you that the
mere election of a President of the United States,
ander the forms of the Constitution, never can be
a justifiable cause of a dissolution of this Confed-
eracy. I say, however, at the same time, that
whilst the constitutional form is there, you have
to " create a soul under the ribs of death." You
have furnished us with the ribs of death; it is for
you to inquire whether you have given us the soul
under those ribs. What I believe, and what I
believe the whole South thinks, is, that the elec-
tion of Lincoln is evidence that cause for the dis-
solution of the Union exists. Itisnotcauseitself;
but it is evidence that that cause exists. That
cause underlies it; it reaches far behind it—so far
behind that very few, perhaps, have taken the
pains to look into it.
Another colleague of mine, whom I see in his
seat, [Mr. Clemens]—and he will pardon me for
observing that he seemed to take especial pleas-
ure in administering to the delectation of his
northern friends upon the other side of the House
—thought proper, in the course of the remarkable
speech which ho delivered, to quote from the fare-
well address of the father of Virginia's liberties.
In that address he warned us against sectional
controversies. As though he possessed the power
of omniscience, of looking into the human heart,
of penetrating that darkest and most mysterious
of all labyrinths, and subjecting its motives to
the test of infallible analysis, that immortal man
warned you, in the language quoted by my col-
league, against the dangers of sectional strife. I
wonder that the member from Virginia should
apply the quotation to the people of the southern
section of this Confederacy. I wonder that he
should have attempted to draw us within the ad-
monition of that great, good, and illustrious man.
Sir, had he attempted then to describe, with more
than prophetic vision, the present position, aims,
and objects of the Republican party, he could not
have better done it. Who have created this sec-
tional controversy ? Who are its authors? Who
have prosecuted it until there is, perhaps, no liope
left for the South but in the nltimaratio of nations?
The North. Did the South begin the fight? I
appeal to my colleague to know whether Virginia
ever attempted to create sectional strife within the
limits of this Confederacy? He shakes his head.
I am glad he does it. Even that slight assent to
the southern view of the question will be gratify-
ing to his constituents. Where did it begin ? I
have alluded to the Missouri compromise. What
next. You may go back to the history of this
Confederacy fronfl821-22down to this day, and
you will find that history but the history of a
series of aggressions upon the part of the North
on the just constitutional rights of the South;
new agitations in both branches of Congress,
and attempts to interfere with the relations be-
tween master and slave. You need not talk to me
about legislation, when you have organized your
societies and set the machinery at work to sap the
foundations upon which our whole society tests.
"What have the Noi'th done? You have sanctified
crime; you have canonized murder; you have of-
fered a premium upon perjury; and you have made
it a high crime and misdemeanor to obey the
Constitution of the United States, and the laws
passed in pursuance thercrof. I except, of course,
from this statement, the gallant Democracy of the
North. Sir, if you wanted to find the man within
the broad limits cf this Confederacy who has
done more to sap the foundations upon which the
Government has, until of late yfars, reposed m
peace and quiet; who has laid the foundation of
this whole controversy, broadly and deeply; who
has done it 111 a way that shows that he would not
complv with his own constitutional obligations,
but would punish all who complied with theirs,
and protect those who violate the Constitution
and the laws, you will find him, 1 thank God,
not within the limits of the sunny South 1
cannot allude, I believe, to anything which has
been said in the Senate of the United States. It
would be unparliamentary to do so, and I mean
to violate no parliamentary law if I can avoid it
But that man is now m the Senate of the United
States, representing the greatest State of this Con
federaey. I allude, sir, to William H. Seward,
who, as Governor of New York, as far back as
1839, asserted doctrines fatal to the rights of-all
the States of this Confederacy.
At that time, three men went to the city of Nor-
folk, in Virginia, and stole three negroes. They
escaped with them to New York. William H.
Seward was then Governor of the State of New
York. The proofs were made out, the evidence
filed, every requirement of the law complied with,
and the acting Governor of Virginia made his
requisition in solemn form for the surrender of the
criminals; but the Governor of the State of New
York refused to comply with the obligations of
the Constitution. And on what ground ? On the
naked ground that, according to the laws of New
York, there could be no property in slaves. Sir,
would it not be a novelty, in a system of govern*
ment constituted as ours is, if every State of the
Confederacy had a right to supervise the laws of
every other State of the Confederacy? Would it
not be a novelty, if not only the State, through
her regularly constituted legislative authorities,
but that the Governor of each State, should have
a right to supervise those laws ? Yet Mr. Seward
did it. The crime was not a felony in New York,
and therefore he was not bound to surrender a
fugitive accused of committing that crime. Now
let us examine that for a moment.
Not long ago, the State of New York came very
near abolishing the law inflicting the punishment
of death for murder; and it is contended by some
that she did absolutely make it impossible to pun-
ish muider in the first degree. Suppose she had
said by her legislation that murder should not be
a crime within the limits of the State of New York;
and suppose a man committed a murder in the
State of Virginia and escaped to New York: would
the Governor of New York be justified in saying,
in response to arequisition made upon him, "No,
sir; we do not regard murder as a crime in New
York,and therefore we are notbound to surrender
this person?" Now, is that law?
I am merely giving a rapid sketch of these
things. What has the Governor of Ohio done?
Whatlias the Governor of Iowa done? Governor
Dennison refused to surrender a man accused of
aiding and abetting others to commit murder
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a statement about this matter?
Mr. LEAKE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to state that
whenever on!' citizen of Ohio goes within the
limits of the State of Virginia, and there commits
a crime against her laws and flees to Ohio, no
Governor of Ohio has ever refused to surrender
such person. The case referred to was a case
where a citizen of Ohio was accused of having
committed a crime, not within the limits of Vir-
ginia, but of Ohio. The papers showed on thai-
face that the piesence alleged in Virginia was a
meie constructive presence, and not an actual
presence. I knowtho Govcrnorof Virginia very
well; and I verily believe that he himself would
not surrender a citizen of Virginia to the Execu-
tive ofOhio when that citizen of Virginia had not
left the soil of his native State.
Mr. COX. I think this matter ought to be
correctly understood. I understood my colleague
[Mr. Sherman] to say, the other day, that in the
case referred to—the case of Mirriam and Brown—
there was no evidence before Governor Dennison
that the offense charged against these men was
committed in the Slate ol Virginia. Ile^has re-
peated it now. I do not believe, Mr. Speaker,
that this statement is correct. The fact is, that'
the indictment, certified by the great seal of Vir-
<nma, was before the Governor of Ohio. In that
indictment there was a statement, that Brown and
Mirriam were in the county of Jefferson, and State
of Virginia, while engaged in the John Brown
transaction. Where else should such an allega-
tion be found ? The indictment is the place for
such an allegation. In his message, Governor
Letcher stated,that the Attorney General ofOIno
objects that " there is nothing to show that Mir-
riam ever was in the State of Virginia, save the
alleeation in the indictment, that the offense of
which he is accused was there committed." The
first objection was, that there was not one word
in the indictment to show that Mn'riam had iled
from justice; and now the objection is, that the
allegation that he ever was in Virginia, is found
nowhere, save ill the indictment. Where else
should it be found ? The act of Congress pro-
vides, that the fugitives are to be demanded, on
the certified copy of an indictment, because the
indictment sets forth the offense formally. In this
case, it is expressly stated in the indictment, that
" said Francis Mirriam being a free person, on
the lGth and 17th days of the month of October,
in the year 1859, in the county of Jefferson, arid
commonwealth of Virginia, and within the juris-
diction of this court," did committhe offense with
which he was charged. What language could be
used to express the thought more fully and more
explicitly ?
And yet it is urged here that the Governor of
Ohio went outside of the papers in the requisition
to find out the fact that Mirriam and Brown were
riot in Virginia, but were really in Ohio. Who
will pretend that the Governor of Ohio had .a
right to go behind the papers, and get up testi-
mony to show the fact that these criminals were
in Virginia only constructively ? Nor is there any
evidence here to show that that is the truth. All
the evidence shows, that, on the very day the
Governor of Ohio refused to surrender the slaVe-
stcaling vagabond Lego, to the Governor of the
Commonwealth ofKentucky, this subterfuge was
found for the purpose of violating the Constitu-
tion, in this very important particular, with ref-
erence to the Virginia cases.
Yes, sir: authorities are sometimes quoted. My ,
colleague referred, the other day, to a case in Ken-
tucky. That authority has been called for again
and again, but never introduced as a precedent
for this action of Ohio. Here is a case where the
Governor ofOIno, for the very purpose of screeYi-
ing these men from punishment for their insur-
rection in Virginia, actually made proclamation
in the State of the fact of the reclamation and re-
fusal to deliver, so thatthey might escape and be
free from arrest. Everybody knew that the requi-
sition was made. The fact was published in the
newspapers. He did not act as the Governor of
Pennsylvania did, when Hazlett fled there; and
when it appeared that there was a mistake about
his name; that Governor held the scoundrel till
the mistake was corrected, and then delivered him
tip. But our Governor—the Governor of Ohio—
God bless you! (this man whom my colleague
undeitakes lo defend for his Constitution-loving
attributes,) gave notice to all the world that these
men were sent for; and they were therefore never
surrendered up to receive their proper punish-
ment. Proud as I am of the State of Ohio, I have
no pride, as I have said again and again, in her
wrong-doing. And I applaud the course of my
colleague, [Mr. Corwin,] the chairman of the
committee of thirty-three, for reporting a provis-
ion whereby this wrong can be remedied; which
lievei could have been remedied but for the fact
that the national Congress has observed this very
wrong to which I have called the attention of the
House. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say a word in
reply to my colleague.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 am perfectly willing that the
gentleman shall take five or ten minutes, provided
1 be allowed it in my time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not take two min-
utes of the gentleman's time.
Mr. LEAKE. Very well; then I am perfectly
willing this explanation should be made.
Mr^SHERMAN. I do not wish to say any-
thing further about the Governor of Ohio. Gov-
ernor Dennison is able to take care of himself.
We are now discussing a matter between Stales;
between the State of Ohio and the State of Vir-
ginia; and I lepeat my assertion, that where it
appears that a citizen of Ohio has gone in to the
State of Virginia, and committed a crime in that
State, if he flees back to Ohio, the Governor of
Ohio will surrender him.
I did not anticipate the technical plea now made
by my colleague, that the indictment alleges that
these defendants were in Virginia. As a matter
of course the indictment would so allege. Indict-
ments always allege a great many things, having
little to do with the offense charged. If I were to
read an indictment now to these crowded galler-
ies, many would not know what it meant. An
indictment is a formal accusation couched in legal
phraseology. This indictment, of course, alleged
|! that these defendants were within the jurisdiction
li of Virginia; but from the papers accompanying
H the indictment it appears that these men weic not
II witlun the State of Virginia, and had not been
