THE CONGBMSSIONAL GLOB®.
March 28.
done, thc dutics of the Senate, that yourequire
of him, and thrust in some other man ? I do not
know any reason why it should b<j done.
- Mr. DOUG-LAS. I do not know of that case;
but my object is to strike at this abuse of men
receiving pay who are traveling in Europe, or who
are studying professions elsewhere. I think my
suggestion will reach that case. The case of which
the Senator speaks can be provided for easily, by
simply transferring the appointment to the son.
Then you accomplish the purpose.
... Mr. RICE. It appears by the directory that
th'ere is but one officer of the Senate absent, and I
suppose that is occasioned by sipkness.
• 'Mr: GRIMES. The gentleman to whom I
allude employs some one to do his duty. I do not
know that he employs his son. That was merely
a supposition of mine. This man is between
seventy and eighty years old. We do not want
him tramping through the Halls here, acting as a
messenger for tfs. He secures the services of an
active, alert young man, who is capable of per-
forming all the duties required of a messenger.
Why should we not be satisfied, if he furnishes
to us the same sort of labor, intelligent labor, that
we could expect from anybody else?
Mr. HALE. That is similar to the case of that
lady who inquired of me and wanted to catch a
boy and have him employed, and she receive part
ofhis wages. It thinkit is an abuse. If we do not
want a man eighty or ninety yearsoldto be tramp-
ing around here, we ought not to employ him;
that is all.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages, in writing, were received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Nicolay, his Secretary.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after a few
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. POWELL, from the committee appointed
to wait on the President of the United States and
notify him that unless he has some further com-
munication to make, the Senate is ready to ad-
journ, reported that the committee had waited on
the President, and been informed by him that he
had no further communication to make to the
Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which 1 submitted a short time ago for an
adjournment, without day, at fifteen minutes be-
fore four o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn sine die.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned sine die.
THE END.
