1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
that way the news of what was going on reached
the criminal's ears, and enabled him to escape.
If the gentleman does not know the fact, I tell him
that it is so, and I assert it upon the authority of
the Governor, John Letcher himself.
Mr. VANDEVER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia means to hare the idea go out that Governor
Kirkwood, by the publication of his correspond-
ence with Governor Letcher, first gave the in-
formation to the alleged criminal and the world
•of what was going on, then 1 take issue with him.
I deny that Governor Kirkwood gave such in-
formation. I have the declaration of Governor
Kirkwood, in the message he sent to the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, that lie did not, directly or indi-
rectly, give notice, as charged. Governor Kirk-
wood is incapable of such an act. The messenger
from Virginia himself published the object of his
errand before he arrived at the capital of Iowa.
The alleged criminal was notified of it from that
publication, and made his escape.
Now, sir, we in the State of Iowa hold, in ref-
erence to these criminal matters—certainly where
the liberty of a white man, and"a citizen of the
•State, is concerned—that there should bean adher-
ence to the ordinary forms of the law. Whether
it is right or not to dispense with those forms in
reference to 'other persons, We never adopt such
a rule of proceeding in Iowa with respect to our
■own citizens, whether at the suggestion of Vir-
ginia or any other State.
And let me say another word. The want of
form, or neglect to meet the well-known requirc-
mentsof law, raised the presumption in the minds
of manythat itwas the desire of Virginia thatthe
alleged criminal should escape. I have heard the
opinion expressed by men of all parties in my
State, that it was not the intention or the wish of
those who made the requisition that it should be
complied with. We do not recognize, however,
the right of the State of Virginia, or any other
State, to adopt such a loose course of proceeding
in regard to matters of this kind. The papers
■were so defective that they would scarcely be tol-
erated in a justice's courtin any district throughout
the length and breadth of the land. Iowa, to-day,
is true to her constitutional obligations. Demand
•of her the surrender of any fugitive for a crime
committed in Virginia, or elsewhere, and she will
comply with it. But this man was not charged
with having committed any crime in Virginia, and
the papers were not authenticated. If the mes-
senger from Virginia had kept his counsels, the
fugitive could not have escaped; and when the
defects were supplied in the requisition, he would
have been delivered up.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman's explanation
reminds me of the account found in Falstaff's
pocket—one pennyworth of bread to five shillings
-of sack.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman give me a mo-
ment?
Mr. LEAKE. I will, upon the same terms of
extension of my time.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Virginia will proceed, as objection is made.
Mr. COX. I did not see any one rise in his
seat and object. Such is the rule, and therefore
I will proceed. All I wish to say in answer to
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Vandever,] when
he undertakes to show good faith upon the part
•of the Governor of Iowa, is that he does not come
up fully to the facts. I happen to be informed of
the facts in this very case. That very Governor
of Iowa himself sets out the facts m his corre-
spondence. The reason which the gentleman from
Iowa gives for the non-delivety of Coppic is a
technical reason. Itis, that thcic was no authen-
ticated seal upon the requisition and affidavit be-
fore the notary public. I will say to the gentle-
man that the decisions of our courts have gone so
far as to hold thatno such seal is required to such
papers. All that is necessary, as our courts have
decided again and again, is a scroll, which shall
have the same effect as a seal. But here th ere was
the seal ofVirginia, authenticatingthenotarial offi-
cer and certificate. These facts show thatthis requi-
sition for a murderer was rejected on the smallest
sort of a technicality, to commence with.
Again, says the gentleman, the affidavit was
made before a notary public, while the law of
1793 requires that a copy of the indictment or af-
fidavit shall be made before a magistrate; that, a
notary public is not a magistrate; and therefore
the requisition is defective. But the gentleman
has forgotten that a law was passed in 1850 by
Congress, which declares that the affidavit may
also be made before a notary public. This is in
the very terms of the law itself. Whether the
Governor of Iowa was ignorant or captious, it is
not for me to say. One thing is sure: that he had
not read the law of 1850, which permitted notaries
public*also to take testimony for requisitions.
There is still another quibble resorted toby the
Republican Governor of Iowa to avoid the Con-
stitution. I am glad that this discussion has
taken place; for these facts show that there is a
necessity for some measure to settle the practice
in these cases.
Again; the gentleman from Iowa says there
was no evidence that this man Coppie, who fled
into Iowa, where his mother resided, was ever in
the State of Virginia. He says there was no such
evidence furnished to the Governor. .Now, the
evidence of Mr. Hunter, which the gentleman
will fiftl referred to in Governor Letcher's mes-
sage, sl^lKvs the fact that the defendant "on sun-
dry days was in Virginia, aiding and abetting
John Brown,"&c.
Mi. VANDEVER. There is no such fact
stated.
Mr. COX. I have made the exact quotation.
Mr. VANDEVER. The gentleman's mem-
ory is false.
Mr. COX. I do notrely upon recollection. I
quote from the papers, which are before me.
Mr. VANDEVER. What papers?
Mr. COX. 1 use the exact language, quoted
from Hunter's affidavit. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] said yesterday, lam
a precise man; and it is well, Mr. Speaker, in
these matters, to have precise information.
All that 1 have got to say further is: let Repub-
lican Governors of the northern States only emu-
late Governor Packer, of Pennsylvania. When
a criminal like this man Coppic fled to Pennsyl-
vania, what did he do? Discharge him upon a
technicality; get up a quibble upon a scroll-seal,
or something similar? No, sir; he held the man
in custody, because he was a great public crimi-
nal, who had outraged social order and the sov-
ereignty of a State, remanded him to prison, and
sent notice to the Governor ofVirginia, and in the
end had him remanded to Virginia. If the Repub-
lican Governors had acted in that spirit, we would
not now have been in this perilous condition,
caused, in part, by the infraction of this peculiar
provision of the Constitution.
Mr. VANDEVER. I would ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if, in the statement he has 
Mr. LEAKE. I cannot yield any further,
unless my time, is extended.
Mr. VANDEVER. I will occupy but a few
minutes. The gentleman from Ohio deprecates
technicalities, and still he himself has fallen into
a gross technicality m reference to the powers of
a notary public. A notary public is not a judi-
cial officer; and I presume the Govei nor of iowa
is just as conversant with the facts of this case as
the gentleman from Ohio. As to the alteration in
the law of 1850, he knew it, and we all know it.
Although that law was changed in 1850, yet, if it
conferred any judicial powers upon notaries pub-
lic, it conferred them to be exercised in strict ac-
cordance with the law. The latitude allowed by
law or custom to notaries in the discharge of the
functions pertaining to their peculiar and appro-
priate duties, does not extend to their acts when
exercising the powers conferred by the act of1850,
which are judicial, rather than ministerial. If a
scroll is lawful in Virginia, it does not necessa-
rily follow that it is lawful in Iowa.
But here is a question of fact between the gen-
tleman and myself, as to what was in that affida-
vit; and I allege a°;am, as I did in the outset, that
the affidavit of Hunter contains no specific allega-
tion thatthis man Coppic was within the juris-
diction ofVirginia. It alleges that certain persons
who had been condemned,and had been executed,
were within the State ofVirginia, performing cer-
tain unlawful acts,and then states,disconnectedly,
that they had been aided and abetted by Coppic.
I have the message of Governor Letcher in my
hands, and it corroborates that view of the case.
Though the gentleman from Ohio may volunteer
and become the accuser of his own State, I beg he
will let Iowa aloni'; she can take care of herself.
Mr. LEAKE. I must interrupt the gentleman,
and resume my remarks.
I may be pardoned here if, while upon this -
issue in regard to the repudiation of the fugitive
slave law, I allude to the conduct of Virginia upon
a question of a similar character. In a question
between New York and Virginia, in 1839 and
1840, when the Governor of New York was, as!
think, plotting against the Constitution, and the
whole tone of our fraternal system of Govern-
ment, by refusing to surrender up men who had
stolen negroes, a man, who had committed an of-
fense in New York, escaped into Virginia. T. M.
Gilmer, my own trusted and honored friend, was
then the Governor of that State. Mr. Seward,
then Governor of New York, made a requisition
upon him for the man, and Governor Gilmer im-
mediately notified him that he would hold the man
in custody for six months, to see whether New
York would comply with her constitutional obli-
gations. He wanted to show that he thoughtthis
compact between the States ought to be carried
out. When the fact came to the knowledge of the
Legislature of Virginia, they, with great unanim-
ity, passed a resolution in which they declared
that the State of Virginia would comply with the
constitutional obligation to surrender fugitives,
although New York had refused to do so. That
is but a specimen of the mode in which Virginia
complies with her obligations under the Consti-
tution and the laws of the land.
Again: 1 refer to the action of a foreign Gov-
ernment—Canada—and the mode in which they
execute their extradition treaties, which are not
of as high solemnity and sanction as the Consti-
tution of the United States. The courts of Can-
ada, instead of imitating the example of the Gov-
ernors of New York, Ohio, and Iowa, have,upon
solemn deliberation, remanded a slave who had
committed murder and fled to Canada.
But I pass to another point. I want to show
northern men where it is that this controversy
finds its true origin and source. Hence my allu-
sion to this difficulty. You have broken up the
comity of States. You have refused compliance
with constitutional obligations, in the cases to
which I have alluded, and many others. And I
have alluded to them for the purpose of turning
again to the fact of the passage of your personal
liberty bills. I said at the outset of my desultory
specch—made more desultory than I thought it
would be, by repeated interruptions—thatthey had
sanctified crime at the North. You have done it
through the instrumentality of your State author-
ities, by declaring that what we in the South re-
gard as crime, is entitled to immunity, if not to
protection, at the North. What more have you
done? Why, you have offered a premium on
perjury, by declaring, in your personal liberty
laws, that you will make it a high crime and mis-
demeanor to obey the Constitution and the laws
of the land. Eleven, if not twelve, of your States
have imposed pains and penalties upon the man
who undertakes to execute the law of Congress
for the recovery of fugitive slaves, passed in pur-
suance of the precise terms of the Constitution.
That is the amount of your personal liberty bills,
and they amount to nothing more and nothing
less. The whole six New England States have,
passed such laws. Ohio liasakindred measure, bu t
not so strong. New York has a pretty strong one;
and Pennsylvania, too, has an enactment upon her
statute-book looking to the same results. While
these eleven or twelve States thus come forward
and solemnly nullify that law, and the Constitu-
tion which they are sworn to support, and refuse
compliance with its obligations, gentlemen get up
here and prate about South Carolina and Georgia
and Florida and Alabama and Mississippi and
Louisiana very soon, and old Virginia before the
4th of March, not consenting longer to be subject
to a Government to all the burdens of which they
are bound to submit without deriving any of its
benefits.
As I told yo'u in the outset, it is not the elec-
tion of Lincoln which is the cause of the dissolu-
tion of this Union. There is evidence, and con-
clusive evidence, to my mind, that the cause exists
behind Lincoln's election. It isthesectional party
of which my colleague spoke. Where is it, and
what is it? It is easy for you now to repudiate
the Garrisons and Giddingsesand PJiiilipses, and
the old Abolition organization; but history proves
that those old Abolitionists were the sappers and
