1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
It cannot be because we maintain the fights of
tlie States, or because we oppose the reopening of
the African slave trade. I believe the honorable
member as much in favor of the one and opposed
to the other as any Republican can be. Nor do I
think he will dispute what ourplatform assertsin
regard to cotemporaneous construction of the Con-
stitution, or of legislative and judicial precedent.
But the gentleman says:
"The Supreme Court of the United States—the ablest
and most impartial tribunal known to the country—unin-
fluenced by party clamor and party feeling, have decided
that tve have the right, under the Constitution, to go to all
the Territories of the United States with our slave prop
ertv, and have it protected."
And the charge is, that we deny to them the
right thus affirmed by the court. In this he has
hardly stated fairly the position of the Repub-
lican party. We deny to no section an estab-
lished right. What we do deny is, that any such
right as that put forth by the gentleman has been
established. We say, first, that the court has not
so decided; that, in the case referred to, it only
decided that Dred Scott was, by the record, ad-
mitted to be of African descent, and, by the laws
of the State of Missouri, not a citizen of that
State, and therefore not entitled to sue; and the
cause was dismissed for want of jurisdiction. But
we say, further, that, if what the court, after
having thus dismissed the cause, took upon itself
to say upon the constitutional question is to be
takenas a part of its decision, still, itis at variance
with contemporaneous construction, and legisla-
tive and judicial precedent, and does not, there-
fore, establish a right which is beyond question.
But, sir, suppose this decision to have been all
that the gentleman claims; what then? Arc not the
same judges still on the bench ? Have we a ma-
jority in either branch of Congress to excite fears
that we will attempt to oven ide it by legislation ?
No. But with every advantage upon the part of
the South in sustaining this dictum of the court,
and making it the established construction of the
Constitution, gentlemen, speaking for States,say
they can no longer stay in the Union unless we
will stop doubting the correctness of the court in
this case.
Surely, sir, nothing short of mental madness
could lead o^e to the conclusion (hat it was good
ground for breaking up a Government, that there
exists "among its^citizens differences of opinion
upon constitutional questions; questions, too,
upon which the decisions of the court have been
by no means uniform.
From a careful perusal of the speech of my friend,
and of other speeches from his section, I have
been forced to the conclusion that it is not the
principles of the Republican party which are ob-
jected to by our friends of the South so much as
the belief which they hold that the great mass of
the northern people believe that slavery is wrong.
Sir, for one, 1 cannot deny that such is the opin-
ion of the northern people. I think a very large
majority of them do honestly, earnestly so think.
And he must have read American history to little
purpose who does not find that once that opinion
was shared by nearly all of the leading men of
the South. I do not intend to quote the great
names of southern statesmen, either dead or liv-
ing, who have expressed this opinion; for their
opinions and great names seem now to have no
influence and small respect in that section of the
Union.
The gentleman says that we of the North " are
opposed to the institution of slavery; that we
speak of it as a relic of barbarism." I again say
that I believe thegentleman fairly states the north-
ern feeling. But I deny that, because such is our
opinion and such our feeling in regard to negro
slavery, we want to deny to any State absolute
control of its domestic institutions, or its full
rights under the Constitution.
When this Constitution was formed there was
nothing expressed or implied that the citizens of
the several States should surrender their opinions
upon any subject to the General Government.
What they did agree was, to observe faithfully
all the reserved rights of the States; and I say
to gentlemen of the South: we will observe your
rights; but you cannotcompel us to suppress our
opinions, nor do I believe yon will, by your pres-
ent attitude, induce us to modify them in regard
to slavery. You have a right, clearly, to insist
that slavery in the States is a matter belonging
exclusively to you, and to be left to manage it
within State limits as you think best; you have
the right, also, to expect, nay, to demand, a faith-
ful observance on our part of that provision in the
Constitution in relation to the rendition of " fugi-
tives from service.''
I do not say that you have the right to avail
yourselves of party power, and make a \&w pur-
posely obnoxious and of doubtful constitutionality,
even in the opinion of South Carolina statesmen,
and demand of us to execute it with alacrity and
with expressions of pleasure. Yet the present law,
subject as it is to both of these objections, and
although rorthern men feel the shame which you
put upon them in the execution of it "sting like a
wound"—feel that you call upon them to do what
gentlemen from the South would hardly do for
themselves—we do still execute with fidelity. Few
State laws were ever executed with more, and
none in my State which was repugnant to public
sentiment was ever executed with so much, as this
has been. And more than this, sir, the weight of
public sentiment has always been, that, oppressive
as the Jaw is, and believed to be quite as efficient
for kidnapping as for returning fugitives, it was
better to execute it and trust to Congress and the
magnanimity of the South to modify its more
offensive features. And such I believe to have
been the feeling generally in the other free States.
No considerable body of men at the North have
ever denied the right of the South to have such a
fugitive slave law as the Constitution contem-
plates, or that it should be faithfully executed. I
admit that occasionally there have been cases, like
the "Jerry rescue case" m my own State, where
the officers of the law have been interfered with. ^
But there is good reason to believe that for every
slave rescued, two free negroes have been kid-
napped under the law. If the law was what it
should be, neither of these cases would occur
again in New York; and if the committee of thirty-
three have succeeded in making such recommend-
ations as shall accomplish this purpose, they have
to that extent done good service, and ought to be
sustained.
I know, sir, that two wrongs do not make a
right, and that a disregard of the rights of one
section is never atoned for by a corresponding dis-
regard by the other section. But, sir, while we
are talking of " compromises," while we are pre-
paring to liave all things putrightand everybody
satisfied, would it not be well to inquire some-
thing in regard to the observance of that portion
of section two, article four, of the Constitution,
which provides thatk< the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to the privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States." Sir, is it ask-
ing too much of gentlemen who speak so warmly
of our faults, to sometimes think of our rights.
Gentlemen of the South talk of our aversion to
negro slavery, of our personal liberty bills, (bills
to prevent kidnapping,) and of the escape of an
occasional fugitive slave, as things which arc sub-
versive of their rights. But since I have been in
Congress, I do not remember to have ever heard
them allude to southern statutes in derogation to
northern rights; nor of the hanging, drowning,
and scourging of northern men in the southern
States, simply because they were northern men,
holding principles in common with the. majority
of northern men; nor of citizens of southern States
driven from their States because they exercised
the right which the Constitution gave them, of
voting for whom they pleased. If a catalogue were
fairly made, I think it would be found that there
were wrongs to be redressed on both sides. And,
sir, I regret that the distinguished chairman of the
committee of thirty-three did not, in his able re-
port, make some allusion to facts like those re-
ferred to—facts of world-wide notoriety. That
report is ample in suggestions to guard southern
rights; and to restrain the northern press and
northern speech; but I have looked in vain through
it for one single suggestionin defense of northern
rights.
As the North seldom complains, perhaps the
committee did not feel called upon to look in that
direction, although I think I am not mistaken in
saying that a resolution calling their attention to
this subject was referred to them. Upon this
point 1 have but a word more to say; and that is,
that no compromise that does not look to the pro-
tection of the rights of the citizens of all theStatea
under the Constitution, can receive my vote; and
one that does, by whomsoever brought forward,
I will vote for. It is all that is needed to-day to
give peace to the country.
But, sir, the gentlemen from Missouri makes
another complaint. I quote again from his speech:
" Many of our slaves arc now impressed with the idea
that, after the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, they are to be
free. This impression makes them restless and discon-
tented; renders our homes, our wives, and our children
unsafe. Surely no rational man expects us to live with
sueh a state of things in our midst. We cannot; we will
not."
I can understand this; I can imagine something
of the horrors of life when service war hanfjs over
one's State, one's family, one's self. The sword
of Damocles was nothing to a condition like this.
But, sir, who " impressed the minds of the slaves
with the idea that after the inauguration of Lin-
coln they were to be free?" Surely this was not
occasioned by the "licentiousness of the press"
spoken of in the report of the committee; for slaves
do not read, and if they did, the whole South is
as hermetically sealed against the northern press
as the Barbary States ever were. Neither was it
the licentiousness of speech on the part of north-
ern men; for you have long steadily refused them
a hearing within your borders. No, gentlemen
of the South, this was not our work, but your
own. In your eagerness to secure all the non-
slaveholding votes in your States, and prevent the
spread of Republican principles there, you tra-
duced us. Instead of telling, or allowing us to tell,
fianldy to your people what were our principles,
and thereby showing that we were as loyal to the
Constitution, and as true to the rights of the sev-
eral States as any party that ever existed in the
Republic, you denounced us as Black Republi-
cans; as Abolitionists; as advocating social equal-
ity with the negroes, and the mixing of the races;
as armed with fire and sword against the rights
of the South, and only waiting success in the elec-
tion of our President to march down to tfie south-
ern States and make the white man subordinate
to the black. Yonr servant behind your chair, as
he waited at your table; your field hand, as he plied
the hoe; and the lounger, after work hours—with
open ears took in your words, and, but half com-
prehending them, yet fully alive to the fact that
they were of freedom—freedom to him and to his
racc—spread them through your negro quarters,
and over your plantations; and if the curse which
you meant for us comes home upon yourselves,
it will not be the first instance of the kind, but
only another instance of the vindication of that
higher law, " that those who want justice, must
do it to others."
Sir, I believe,before God, that the best guaran-
tee which the South could have to-day for future
safety would be to frankly tell its citizens and its
slaves that the aims and objects of the Republican
party had been misunderstood and misrepresented;
that it has nothing to do with slavery in the States;
that it intends to uphold the rights of every man
and every State under the Constitution, so far as
it has power so to do. Publish this truth—as truth
it is—and in much less time than your " compro-
mise committee" has been deliberating how to
perform impossibilities, you would find peace and
prosperity returning to you again; and, instead
of a broken Union and warlike preparations to
imbrue our hands in each others'blood, we could
again show the world that we were not only a
great, but a united nation. Men, brethren of the
South, this wiong has been one which you have
brought upon yourselves; you have taken the
path of wrong instead of that of right. And no
committee, no congressional or constitutional
compromise will ever make the former lead into
the latter. I say it with all deference, you must
either retrace your steps or follow out the wrong
to its bitter but inevitable consequences.
The gentleman from Missouri asks us to amend
the Constitution. I quote from his speech:
" I now appeal to the Representatives of the non-slave-
holdmg States to propose amendments to the Constitution
that will secure to the South her justand equal rights; that
will stop forever all agitation upon the subject of slavery;
give to the country quiet and repose."
Amend the Constitution to give fo the s!are-
bolding States their just and equal rights! "Why,
sir, is not this the Constitution made hy your
fathers as well as ours ? Was it jiot made by men
who were nearly all slaveholders, and at a time
