1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
of your rights which we tender you, you will rush
upon war—will compel the Government to enforce
obedience to its laws—neither you nor history can
place the responsibility for the consequences of
such madness upon the free States. It will be all
your own.
And, after all, what is it that you propose to
gain, even by a successful revolution? You leave
us because we do not like your institution of sla-
very. Do you think it will increase our love for
it to make it the cause of destroying the Govern-
ment, bankrupting onr business, and slaughtering
our people r These are not the incentives to love,
but to fierce, uncompromising, unrelenting hatred
—incentives which will lead to the determination
to wipe out utterly and forever an institution
which brings such evils upon us. That such is
the expectation of those who seek the overthrow
of slavery in the States will be seen by an extract
which I read from a late address of Mr. Wendell
Phillips, at Boston:
" Diisuniomsin is abolitionism That is all I care for it.
I care not lot foims of government, bur lor its essence.
The music of disunion to mo h, that at its touch the slave
breaks forth in jubilee. DiMinton leaves God's natural
laws to woik out their solution, insurrection is the tyrant's
check. Let us standout of God's way, and Ilis divine laws
will have free course. The ways of the Government are
ju^-t as much permeated with slavery as aro tiio^e of China
and Japan with idoiatiy."
You complain that we do not return your fugi-
tive slaves. I have already said that I believed
the complaint substantially groundless; but if true,
what then? If war docs not break the shackles
of every slave in the Government, do you expect,
when we are your enemies and released from all
obligations which the Constitution imposes upon
us, that we shall voluntarily turn negro-catchers
for you? You cannot, you do not expect this.
What, then, are you to gain? You have answered
this question many times hereby replying, "that
you intended to gain your independence." In-
dependence from whom? From those who are
ready at any and all times to shed their blood in
your defense; from those only upon the face of
God's earth who do or will guaranty protection
to your institution of slavery.
Mr. Speaker, I should, in common with millions
in this country and elsewhere, hail the day when
this subject of contention should no longer exist
among us; when we could with truth adopt the
boast of England", and say that slaves could no
longer breathe our atmosphere, and freedom, uni-
versal freedom, in the broadest sense of our Dec-
laration of Independence, be the right and condi-
tion of every human being. But, sir, I love my
country and have sworn to support its Constitu-
tion, and will do it; and I have no sympathy in
common with those who would seek a realization
of universal freedom over the ruins of that Con-
stitution.
I am willing to take the institutions nf my coun-
try as I find them. Under them we have been
prosperous and happy; and although the storm
which threatens us seems charged with destruc-
tion, I will not despair, but trust that the Prov-
idence which has thus far watched over and pro-
tected us will still protect us, and that we shall
continue one Government, one people, challeng-
ing admiration and respect everywhere by the
working of our system of self-government.
I have heard it said here and elsewhere, by
southern men, that the North was divided; that
there were thousands there who would take sides
with the South against the Government. Do not
deceive yourselves upon this point. The North
is to-day a unit—not against you, but for the en-
forcement of the laws.
If they have the power, as I think they have,
the flag which you have insulted will be vindi-
cated;*the property which you have wrested from
the Government will be restored, and the Union
which you spurn will be maintained.
And all this will cause no drop of blood, unless
vou will it. But cost what it may, you will find
in the end that the free States, and I trust many
of the slave States, and many citizens in all the
slave States, will, through all this struggle, feel
but one impulse, and know but one motto—" the
Union must and shall be preserved."
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, obtained the iloor,
but yielded to TT
Mr. BINGHAM, who moved that the House
do now adjourn. .
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Ohio
withdraw that motion for a moment? I desire to
ask the consent of the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for that purpose.
HOSTILE ORGANIZATION IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. GROW. 1 ask leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the selcct committee of five be instructed
to inquire whether any secret organization hostile to the
Government of the United States exists m the DiPtiict of
Columbia; and if so, whether any official oi employ6ofthe
city of Washington, or any employes or officers of the fed-
eral Government, iti the executive or judicial departments,
are members thereof."
Mr. MAYNARD. I must objcct to the intro-
duction of the resolution. The resolution may
possibly be right in itself, but I would prefer to
have it introduced when there is a quorum pres-
ent.
Mr. GROW. Very well; I will bring it up
to-morrow.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes; bring it up then, and
I will not object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew my motion for an
adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at half past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 2G, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
AMANDA BATTS AND OTHERS.
Mr. FENTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
a bill (H. R. No. 828) for Ahe relief of Amanda
Batts, Laura P. W. Young, and Betsey Murdock,
heirs of Barbara Walker.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the consider-
ation of the bill; and the bill was taken up for
consideration. It instructs the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States to pay, out of any
moneys not otherwise appropriated, to Amanda
Batts, Laura P. W. Young, and Betsey Murdock,
heirs of Barbara Walker, the deceased widow of
Gideon Walker, the sum of $510, being the amount
of a pension granted on Barbara Walker's appli-
cation, and remaining unpaid.
Mr. THOMAS. This is a proposition to take
the case out of its usual order; and there is not a
quorum of the House present. I think that both
these reasons are good for objecting to legislation.
I call for the regular order of business.
Mr. FENTON. I trust the gentleman will allow
the report to bo road.
Mr. THOMAS. I have no objection «to that,
if we have got time to investigate it.
The report of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions was read. It appears therefrom that Bar-
bara Walker was the widow, now deceased, of
Gideon Walker, who died in the service of the
United States during the war of 1812; that the
mother of the petitioners was entitled to a half-pay
pension by the laws of the United States, and
made her application before A lien D. Scott, Esq.,
surrogate of the county of Cattaraugus, New
York, about February, 1859, which was imme-
diately foi warded to the Departmentat Washing-
ton, and remained on file until May 9, 1859, when
a certificate was issued granting a pension to Bat -
bara Walker of $8 50 per mouth from the 3d of
February, 1853, to the 3d of February, 1858. On
the eeitificate is indorsed: " Amount due on this
certificate, per Pension Office calculation, $510."
The evidence further shows that Barbara Walker,
after making her application, died on the 7th of
March, 1859, leaving the petitioners her only
children and heirs; that they applied to the Pen-
sion Office for the pension, and were informed
that the payment was refused, on the ground that
thewidowdied before herapplication wasgrunted.
The petitioners allege that the pension was all due
when the application was made; that the appli-
cant had then complied with all the law required
her to do, and the pension certificate was granted
upon that application; that the pension was due
the applicant, and was in the nature of a vested
right to ihe amount granted, which, on her death,
was equitably due to her heirs.
Mr THOMAS I withdraw my objp< tion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT A. MATTHEWS.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to take up from the
Speaker's table, with a view to have it put upon
its passage, Senate bill No. 321, for the relief of
Robert A. Matthews. The bill is a very short
one, and will explain itself; and I know that if
the House will allow it to be read, it will pass it
without a moment's hesitation.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
for consideration, it directs the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to pay to Robert A.
Matthews, attorney of Charles W. Tosh, the
amount of the price received from Tosh for one
hundred and fifty-five and sixty-two hundredths
acres of land, entered by him at the land office, at
Sioux City, Iowa, on the 2d October, 1856, as
Ser register's certificate and receiver's receipt,
To. 455, the entry having since been canceled as
embracing land within the limits of the railroad
grants made by Congress by act of May 15,1856.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JACOB GATES.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask that the Committee of the
Whol$ House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 752, granting an
invalid pension to Jacob Gates.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill; and the House proceeded
to consider it. The bill instructs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Jacob Gates on
the invalid pension rolls of the United States, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the first
of January, 1860, and to continue during his
natural life.
It appears from the report that Jacob Gates en-
listed in the United States service in the war of
1812, August 17,1812, in a company commanded
by Captain John A. Burd, second regiment light
dragoons, Pennsylvania militia. He was marched
to the northern frontier; was in the skirmishes by
the river Coal; was at the battles of Fort George,
Stony Creek, and Beaver Dams. At the latter
place he was taken prisoner. He was first taken
to the jail of Little York, thence taken to Kings-
ton, thence to Montreal, then to Quebec, and to
Halifax, in Nova Scotia, and was imprisoned on
Melvin Island; remained there till the last of Feb-
ruary, and was exchanged and sent to Boston.
He again joined his regiment, and went to Platts-
burg; there was transferred to a rifle company,
and marched toSackctt's Harboi*; thence to Black
Rock, and crossed into Canada and joined Gen-
eral Brown's army. He was at the battle of Chip-
pewa, and next day was engaged in the battle at
Lundy's Lane; then, on the 25th of the same
month, was in the battle of Bridgewater, and re-
ceived a ball in his hip, and was removed next day
to the hospital at Buffalo, wheie he remained six
weeks, anu then again joined his company. He
remained in Canada, and was engaged m several
skirmishes, and crossed back into New York in
the fall of 1814, and went to Gencssee river into
winter quarters; and, while cutting timber to build
stable and barracks, cut his font badly with an ax,
and was confined for some time. In the spring
he joined a company of volunteers, and went to
Mackinaw Island, under command of Colonel
McNeal, and remained with him till the summer
of 18J7, and was honorably discharged, having
served five years. He is now old and infirm, and
as age increases, he suffers more and more from
the effects of the wounds received. He is sixty-
six years of age. Doctors J. A Landis and 11.
W. Christy, certified by the proper authot [ties to
he respectable physicians, in good standing in
Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, say, " that,
from satisfactory evidence and from accurate ex-
amination, the above statement seems to be true.
The Third Auditor of the Treasmy Department
certifies to the five years'service of petitioner, and
! ins honorable discharge; but states that the rec-
