1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
may be of the same character, it ought to be favor-
ably acted on. I think that is clear; and after the
s'trong verdict which the House gave upon that
point at the last session of Congress, I certainly
will not urge any more considerations in regard
to it at the present time.
I will only say, in regard to the veto of the
President, that he has exercised his constitutional
right; and that it was his duty, if he regarded this
as an extraordinary case, to veto the bill. I wish
he could have time and opportunity to examine
more cases of private claims that come before him;
for I am free to say that I believe a majority of
all the private claims presented for the considera-
tion of Congress are but so many schemes to
plunder the Treasury, and I am afraid that many
are sanctioned by Congress that do not receive
that close examination and attention which they
ought to receive. If, then, the President's objec-
tions were such as commended themselves to my
judgment, I would certainly vote to sustain his
veto; but I believe thatevery consideration of jus-
tice, every principle of equity, and every feeling
of humanity in this case demands that the veto
message should not be sustained, and I hope and
trust the House will not sustain it. I now move
the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will withdraw the demand for the
previous question for a few minutes, to enable me
to make a few remarks in regard to this bill.
Mr ALLEY. I will withdraw it, if the gen-
tleman will agree to renew it.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not want to renew it;
but I will give the floor to the gentleman to do it
when I am through.
Mr. ALLEY. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, the most disa-
greeable duty that a public officer under this Gov-
ernment has to discharge is, to stand up in resist-
ance to private claims; and when I find a public
officer disposed faithfully and fairly and consci-
entiously to guard the public Treasury, I feel it
my duty to give him whatever support is in my
power. I think that in the present case the Pres-
ident has discharged his duty, and only discharged
his duty, in vetoing this bill. I thought when it
passed the House that it ought not to pass; and I
thought then that the President ought to veto it,
if it did pass both branches of Congress.
The facts of this case, Mr. Speaker, are very
simple, and may be stated in very brief terms.
These parties entered into a contract with^the
Postmaster General to carry the mails to Salt Lake
City onceaweekforagivensum. It was stipulated
in that contract, in express terms, thatthe Postmas-
ter General should have the privilege, whenever he
thought the public interest demanded it, to reduce
the ser vice, and prorata to reduce the compensation,
orto increase the service and increase the compen-
sation pro rata.' That the contract was signed by
these parties, with a distinct knowledge that it
reserved to the Postmaster General this privilege
of altering its terms at his pleasure, or of altering
the nature of the service at his pleasure; and that
they reserved to themselves, on the other hand,
the right, if they did not choose to continue the ser-
vice on the new terms, to throw up the contract
and cease to discharge any duties under its terms,
is not denied by anybody. All admit that that
reservation was made in express terms in the con-
tract, and that, in consideration of its being put
in, it was stipulated that, if the parties should
choose to throw up the cqgtract when the Post-
master General thought proper to make a change
in it, they should be paid one month's extra com-
pensation, or about sixteen thousand dollars ex-
tra. That was the bonus given to these parties
for the privilege reserved to the Department of
changing the contract whenever the public ser-
vice required it to be changed. Gentlemen, 1
say, do not deny that these are the terms of the
contract; but they say that the contract was ille-
gal; that the contract was in violation of law. Well,
now, I have two things to say about that. In the
first place, if the contract was in violation of law,
these parties, equally with the Postmaster Gen-
eral, participated in that violation of law. They
signed the contract. They agreed to abide by the
terms of the contract; and if it was void on the
one side, it was equally void on the other. If
the contractors were authorized to disregard its
terms, the Post Office Department was equally
authorized to disregard its terms.
Mr. BURNETT. "Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BRANCH. I would prefer to go through
with my statement, and then I will answer any
question.
Mr. BUR.NETT. Just one question.
Mr. BRANCH. Very well; go on.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the gentleman
from North Carolina to say that if the provision
in the contract authorizing the Postmater General
to change its terms was m violation of the law,
then both parties were equally in fault—the Post-
master General and the contractors. Now, I de-
sire to put this question to him: if the Govern-
ment violated that contract first by a failure to
comply with the stipulations of the contract, ought
not. the parties contracting with the Governm^tit
to be relieved from any damages they may have
sustained by reason of the fault of the Govern-
ment?
Mr. BRANCH. Well, sir, I do not think it
essential to inquire which party violated the con-
tract first. I do not admit that the Department
violated it, either first, or last, or at all. But if
we were to go into an inquiry as to which vio-
lated it first, and I were to admit that the Post-
master General had violated it at all, I would hold
that the contractors had violated it first in point of
time, when they refused to comply with the order
that the Postmaster General gave them in the
express terms of the contract. But I pass from
that point.
I contend, Mr. Speaker, that the terms of this
contract were m express accordance with the
terms of the law, and that the statute, or that
portion of it which has been read by my honor-
able friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] does
not prove to the contrary. Here is the language
of that statute:
" And whenever it shall become necessary to change the
terms of any existing contract in any other manner than
that designated in tlus act," &c.
That does not apply to the present case. The
Postmaster General in this case has not changed
the terms of the contract; he has only given an
order which he was expressly authorized by the
very terms and letter of the contract to give. He
has not attempted to change the contract. Pie
has only attempted to carry it out himself, and to
require the contractors to carry out every letter
and syllable of the contract that they themselves
signed. I admit, sir, that if he had undertaken
to change that contract, he was compelled, by the
statute which has been read by the gentleman
from Kentucky, to advertise and give it out anew
to the lowest bidder; but he has not attempted
any such thing. The contract reserved to him the
right to change the service from weekly to semi-
monthly; and all thathc lias done was to exercise
his right under that contract, and required the par-
ties to reduce the service.
Now, Mr. Speaker, suppose such were not the
case. We have heard here to-day, from the mes-
sage of the President, that inasmuch as this con-
tract had been entered into to a large extent, in
order to supply our troops in that country with
mail matter, and inasmuch as the troops had been
withdrawn,it had, therefore,become unnecessary
to perform the service so often. The statement
of that fact in the message proves to us that it is
indispensably necessary to the public interests
that there should be reserved in every mail con-
tract the privilege which was reserved in this one,
of changing, not the contract, but the service un-
der the contract. Why, you enter into your mail
contracts for four years. Long before the expi-
ration of the four years, great changes may take
place in the physical features of the country, and
in the means of transportation. You may make
a contract to have the mail carried by a stage
coach, over a given route. Before the expiration
of the contract, a railroad may have been built on a
much nearer route, and one that can furnish the
public with mails far better, and more conve-
niently and satisfactorily. Is it to be established,
that in such a ease as that, the Postmaster Gen-
eral has not the right to put an end to the mail
coach contract, and have the mail sent by railroad?
Again: you may have been sending your mail
by railroad on a very round-about route. A nearer
and more direct railroad maybe completed within
the four years. Can you not get rid of the former
contract, and put the mail on the nuaiest route?
The gentlemen who sustain this bill say you can-
not; that the only way you can get rid of such
contracts is by paying large sums of money, and
buying them off. But, Mr. Speaker, neither Com-
gress nor the executive department has ever here-
tofore held any such idea,or acted an suchaprin-
ciplc. Every mail contract that has been entered
into by the Government, with one solitary excep-
tion—and that exception is one of which the gen-
tleman himself [Mr. Alley] has informed us—
reserves to the Postmaster General, as this con-
tract reserved to him, the privilege of changing
the nature of the service at his pleasure, on his
paying a pro rata increase or deduction, as the
case might be, of compensation. I call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that, without such
reservation, the public interest might suffer seri-
ously in a large number of cases. The public
Treasury might suffer; and, far worse than that,
the convenience of our citizens might suffer also.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Al-
ley] says that this reservation, which he admits
is embraced in this contract, as in all other mail
contracts of the Government, was never taken ad-
vantage of until after the failure of the Post Office
appropriation bill last Congress In that the gen-
tleman is totally mistaken. From time imme-
morial, the Post Office Department has been in
the habitat its pleasure, and frequently, of chang-
ing the nature of the service under these contracts.
It is not that this is the first time that the Depart-
ment has ever attempted to cxcrcise that power,
but it is the first time I ever heard of any contractor
claiming the right to disregard the order, and to
ask indemnity from Congress. The gentleman
will find upon inquiry among his experienced
friends, or at the Department, that not a year, not
a month, not a week, perhaps not a day^ passes
without the Postmaster General sending orders
changing the nature of the service under these con-
tracts; and I do not think he will find one single
instance in which compliance with such order has
been ever refused, and where the contractor has
ever come to Congress to claim compensation.
Mr. ALLEY. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina allow me to explnin ?
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not mean to be understood
as saying this right had never been exercised. I
said that ithad never before beeti taken advantage
of. The provision is, that the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall have the privilege of changing the ser-
vice when the public exigencies require a change;
and, of course, it is undestood that when causes
arise, such as the gentleman has been narrating,
this power would be cxerciscd. I know that it
has often been exercised in that way, but never
before have contractors been injured by taking
advantage of it. That is to say, the pi*ovision
has not been resorted to to strike down the inter-
ests of contractors against what was fair and
right, just, and equitable. As I understand it,
the provision is put in there to cover just such
contingencies as the gentleman has alluded to. Of
course, I understand perfectly well that such
causes frequently arise, and that the Postmaster
General has .exercised his power in that way.
But I undertake to say that never in the history
of the Government has advantage been taken of
that provision from the failure of an appropriation
bill. That was made an excuse by the Postmaster
General for strikingdown hundreds ofcontractors,
and destroying the validity of their contracts,
made in good faith, with the understanding that
if they carried out all the stipulations of their
contract, the Government would do the same on
its part. Now, I undertake to say, that in this
case, as well as in many other cases, the Govern-
ment did not perform its duty, and its obligations
to the contractors, but made use of an excuse
which was no proper excuse at all.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire that this bill shall be
disposed of during the morning hour. I have a
few more remarks to make, and then I will close.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly I will.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri." I onlyask the gen-
tleman to yield that he may make a point on a
question which I desire to ask him. I would not
do so but that the argument of the gentleman from
North Carolina is scarcely as fair as is usually
characteristic of his speeches. He puts the case:
of a contract being entered into for four years to
have the mail carried over a certain route by stage
