576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
coach, and*of a railroad being built there at the
end of two years, and says that the friends of this
bill contend there is no power to make a new
contract with the railroad company, and dispense
with the slow coach. I tell the gentleman that
neither the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bur-
nett] northegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Alley] has held any such doctrine. They admit
the right of the PostmasterGeneral, within a day,
or a month, or a year after he has made a con-
tract, to change its terms; but they deny the right
of the Postmaster General to take the bid into
his own mouth, and when he reduces the ser-
vice on a route, to say how much less the pay
shall be. The law points out how he shall do it;
and all that the friends of this bill claim is, that
the Postmaster General shall follow the law. In
this instance he reduced the service, and reduced
the pay a certain per centage. Wc say that it
was his duty underthe law to haveadvcrtised four
weeks in the newspapers, and to have given to
these parties the poor privilege of competing with
other biddeis, and seeing how much the service
was worth.
Mr. BRANCH. In reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, I desire to say that I have not
heard before that there was any complaint made,
that the reduction made by Postmaster General
was not pro rata, and in strict accordance with the
contract. Is there any such complaint?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. It was not pro rata.
He reduced some contracts thirty per cent., and
some forty-five percent.
Mr. BRANCH. My question is, whether the
reduction made in the case of Hockaday & Liggit
was not pro rata with the reduction of service?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir.
Mr. BRANCH. That is a matter ofarithmetic
and calculation. Anybody may make the calcu-
lation, and show whether it is not precisely pro
rata to a dime. If not, we will pay the difference.
Bat, Mr. Speaker, to pass on—as I wish to get
through what I have to say within the morning
hour,and not to defeat the bill by talking against
time and throwing it over—I will close with this
remark: that the contract entered into with those
parties was in the same form in which such con-
tracts have been entered into from time immemo-
rial. Every contract for carrying the mail, on a
railroad, in a steamboat, in a stage-coach, in a
buggy, or on horseback, contains precisely the
same provision, couched in the same language,
giving the Post Office Department the right to ic-
duce the service as he may please. And I never
knew, in any single instance, any contractor,
whose service was so reduced, disregard the or-
der, and then come here and claim compensation
at the hands of Congress, until this claim was pre-
sented to Congress. I say, then, that the Post-
masterGeneral has the right, and that there is no
law to prohibit it, to insert m every mail contract
such a provision as was inserted in this contract;
and that the contractor has no right to expect
compensation if it is acted on by the Postmaster
General.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I was not
in the House when the message of the President
was read, and am not certain whether I understand
the facts connected with this case or not. 1 desire
to ask the gentleman whether this contract con-
tained the usual clause, that if the Postmaster Gen-
eral reduced the service or changed the contract,
they were entitled, as damages, to one month's
v%. BRANCH. Yes, sir; they are entitled
to it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Have they
received it?
Mr. BRANCH. I do not know. If thcy-havc
not, the money is at their credit and they can take
it when they please.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Thenthey
have liquidated their own damages.
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly they have. Now,
Mr. Speaker, in obedience to my promise to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I yield the floor
to him to move the previous question, if he de-
sires to do so.
Mr. BURNETT. With the consent of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I desire to say a
single word in addition. The gentleman from
North Carolina says there was no violation of
contract in this case. Now, sir, I want to put
a question to him as a lawyer, and then ask him
to decide whether there has been any violation
of contract or not. The Post Office Department
makes a contract with me to carry the mail six
times a week,from Louisville, Kentucky, for in-
stance, to Lexington. The law says the Post-
master General shall not make any change in the
terms of the contract—the law passed by Con-
gress, and now on your statute-book—without
first advertising for at least, four weeks in some
newspaper in the city of Washington,and in some
newspaper nearest the route of the mail contract.
Now, when the Postmaster General, without no-
tice, and without any advertisement, orders that
service of six times a week to be reduced to three
times a week, and when I remonstrate with him,
and tell him that, relying upon carrying out the
contract as entered into, I have incurred great
expense in stock and other preparations for carry-
ing it into effect, and he replies that he has been
compelled to do it by the action of Congress in
refusing to make the necessary appropriations,
and that Congress will no doubt reimburse me,
1 ask whether I have not good reason to expect
reimbursement for the damages I have incurred r
Yet that is precisely a parallel case with the one
before us.
T«hc Postmaster General, as I read this morn-
ing, told these contractors in effect: " I am com-
pelled to reduce the service on this route in con-
sequence of the action of Congress, and I have no
doubt Congress will reimburse you for the losses
you may sustain." Now, I put it to every fair-
minded man in this House, whether, in a case of
this description, when it has been ascertained be-
yond a doubt that the damages sustained were at
feast as great as the amount provided in this bill;
when the bill, with all the questions involved, has
been fully and fairly discussed in both branches
of Congress, and has passed both branches of
Congress twice with great unanimity—no hasty
or inconsiderate action—I say, under these cir-
cumstances, is it not just and proper that this bill
for the rchefof these parties shall become a law?
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask my friend
from Kentucky one question. I wish to ask him
if he can satisfy the House that the Postmaster
General, in this instance, attempted to change the
contract? In my judgment, he did not. He merely
attempted to exercise a power which the contract
gave him; and if that provision of the contract
was in violation of the law, the parties themselves
who signed it violated the law equally with the
Postmaster General.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I state to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, as a lawyer, that if
this action of the Postmaster General was in pur-
suance of a provision in the contract, still any
action upon his part to change the contract was
null and void. Why ? Because it was in violation
of existing law. That is the reason why I state
it. I say, and I repeat, that the Postmaster Gen-
eral had no power to change the character of the
service, except in accordance with the provisions
of law requiring that the proposed change should
be advertised at least four weeks.
The gentleman from North Carolina says I can-
not produce a single instance where the Postmas-
ter General has changed the character of mail
service and the parties have sought relief at the
hands of Congress, up to this time. Why, sir,
we have time and again passed joint resolutions,
referring such cases to the Postmaster General,
to be settled upon principles of equity and justice.
We have paid out hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars in just such cases. A case occurs to me just
at this*moment, in which a contract was entered
into for a daily mail by river from Louisville,
Kentucky, to Cairo. The boats were built for
the full service, and afterwards the service was
reduced. Congress passed a joint resolution re-
imbursing them for the losses they sustained in
consequence of the change of contract.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit whether it is not
right that this great Government, possessing as it
does arbitrary power over all contracts made by
it, when it violates them shall pay to the con-
tractors the losses sustained by them in conse-
quence of such violation, even though it should
result in taking millions from the Tieasury.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 think the gentleman from
Massachusetts stated correctly that this clause
which is inserted into all mail contracts, has never
been enforced in any instance up to the failure of
Congress to pass the annual Post Office appro-
priation. In that instance, the Postmaster Gen-
eral reduced the mail service all over the country,
and especially in the northwestern States, from
thirty to fifty per cent. Had Congress performed
its duty, there would have been no necessity for
reducing the service. The cause of the icduetion
was not, therefore, that the wants of the service
did not demand the full service, but because of the
failure of Congress to discharge its duty. And
inasmuch as the contracts were violated by the
act of the Government itself, I ask whether these
contractors may not faiily claim of us that we
shall reimburse them for the damages they have
sustained?
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to correct the gentle-
man, as to a matter of fact. I understand him to
say that the Postmaster General never attempted
to act under this provision in the mail contracts
until the failure of the last Congress to pass the
usual appropriation bill. I think the gentleman
is mistaken in that.
Mr. BURNETT. I did not intend to say that
such a power had never been exercised by the
Postmaster General. What I said was, that res-
olutions for the relief of those who have sustained
damages under such change of contract have fre-
quently been passed by Congress. I now move
the previous question.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Has not the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the Chair thinks
this is a question of a nature which ought to be
decided.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is this: 44 Shall the bill be passed, notwith-
standing the objections of the President?" It is
provided that that question shall be taken by yeas
and nays.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 81, nays 67; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldricli, Alley,
Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Barret, Bing-
ham, Botcior, Bouhgny, Brabson, Bravton, Briggp, Bristow,
Biown, Buffinton, Bureh, Burlingame, Burnett, Case, John
B. Claik, John Cochrane, Colfax, Cox, James Ciaig, Cur-
tis, Dawes, Delano, Eliot, Etheridgc, Fain&woith, Foster,
Fouke, Fiank, French, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Hamilton,
J. Morrison Harris, John T. Hariis, I-Ielinick, William
Howard, Jrvine, Junkin, Keriyon, IvilgOie, Leake, Lee,
Maelay, Malloiy, Muiston, Elbert S. Martin,Montgomery,
L.iban T. Mooie, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Moiris,
Morse, Nixon, Noell, Perry, Peyton, Phelps, Pottei,Chris-
topher Robinson, Itoyee, Scott, Scranton, Stout, Theaker,
Tompkins, Vanee, Van Wyck, Wade, Walton, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Windom, Wood,
and Woodruff—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Ashley, Babbitt,
Beale, Blair, Blake, Burnham, Campbell, Carey, Coburn,
Conkling, John G.Davis, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,Eng-
lish, Florence, Garnett, Hall, I-lasKin, Hatton, Hickman,
Hoard, Holnian, William A. Howard, Humphrey. Hutch-
ins, Fiancis W. Kelioug, Killinger, Kunkel, Larrabee, De-
Witt C. Leaeh, James M. Leach, Loomis, Lovejoy, May-
nard, McKenty, McPhesson, Millson, Niblaek, Ohn, Pal-
mer, Pendleton,Porter, Pottle, Quarlps, John H. Reynolds,
Riggs, James C. Robinson, Sedgwick, Sherman, William
N. ii. Smith, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Wil-
liam Stewait, Stokes, Stratton, Thomas, Vallandigham,
Vandever, Waldron, Wells, Whiteley, Wilson, and Wins-
low—67.
So the House refused to pass the bill notwith-
standing the objections of the President, (two
thirds not voting in favor thereof.)
During the vote,
Mr. BRANCH said: The gentleman from Mis-
souri, Mr. Woodson, who feels a deep interest
in this case, is detained in his room by indisposi-
tion, and I have consented to pair with him.
Mr. HUMPHREY stated that -his colleague,
Mr. Carter, haiQjcen called home by the death
of one of the members of his family.
Mr. THOMAS stated he had come to the House
prepared to pair on this case with Mr. Wood-
son; but as that gentleman was paired with Mr.
Branch, he would vote. He voted m the negative.
Mr. COX stated thathis colleague, Mr. Allen,
called home by the death of his child, had not yet
returned.
Mr. LOGAN, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think that as the Con-
stitution provides for the decision of this question
by the yeas and nays, that the gentleman has a
right to vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot vote
if objection be made.
