578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
extend, and which they had, up to that hour,
denounced by their orators here and elsewhere.
The South, by the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, was only put upon the original ground
she occupied before the establishment of the Mis-
souri line, and which the Supreme Court has de-
cided to have been unconstitutional. Then it was
that the Republican party commenced weeping
and wailing over what they were pleased to call
the ruins of that compromise, which they had
refused to extend, and which they had denounced
until it was repealed. But, as soon as it was re-
pealed, they declared that it was a compromise
canonized in the hearts of the people, and that its
repeal was a breach of good faith. And Mr. Doug-
las, who has looked through the future of all these
troubles, and made a record for himself which
would do honor to any living statesman, was par-
ticularly assailed for his advocacy of that measure.
Then came also, pouring into this House, the pe-
titions of the clergymen of the North, denounc-
ing the repeal of the Missouri compromise. Then
the Republican party was formed, which has so
rapidly increased, that now they have elected
their candidate for the Presidency.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask this House, is it any
wonder that the South is excited ? We are equals
in this Union; and we claim the same constitu-
tional rights, and claim to be entitled to the same
constitutional guarantees, that any other portion
of the Confederacy possesses. From the time
tliat the Republican party was formed, as I have
told you, we have had no peace. The country
has been excited continually from that time until
now. These evils have increased until they have
reached a culminating point; and it now depends
upon the action of this party whether this Gov-
ernment is to continue and this Union be pre-
served, or whether it is to be destroyed. State
after State has seceded and withdrawn; their Rep-
resentatives have vacated their seats in this Hall.
Sir, those empty seats speak with an eloquence
which should command the attention of patriots
of all parties.
What has produced this state of things? Who
have produced it? Have the South ever imposed
upon the North? Have they ever initiated any
proceedings to take from the North their political
rights in the Territories, or their rights of person
and property anywhere? 1 deny that anything
can be produced to show that any portion of the
southern States have made encroachments, in any
respect, upon the northern section of the Union.
Against all these encroachments of the North
dpon the South, the South have complained.
Sometimes they have threatened*, but for the
greater part they have held up the Constitution,
and have shown the structure and framework of
the Government, and under them have asked the
North to give them the equality to which they
are entitled under the Constitution. They have
asked the North not to trespass upon the consti-
tutional rights of their section. But, notwith-
standing, the North have persisted in their course
of wrong and oppression.
Sir, it has been asked by some if the election of
Mr. Lincoln was any cause for a dissolution of
the Union? I say emphatically, that I donotcon-
sider that it is a sufficient cause of itself. The
election of a President is in no ease a sufficient
cause. I believe in the power, the intelligence,
and the integrity of the American people. I rec-
ognize the Constitution of my country as a bond
ot union; and when I take the oath to support
that Constitution, 1 take an oath, in my judg-
ment, to bow to the majority and will of the peo-
ple constitutionally expressed. But while I make
this admission, 1 want to tell my northern friends
of the Republican party, that it is not the election
of Mr. Lincoln alone which has created this alarm
in the South. The facts which J have named;the
history which I have given; the encroachments
which I have alluded to, connected with the opin-
ions which Mr. Lincoln is known to entertain;
the platform of principles upon which he was
elected; the. construction which he gives to the
Constitution and to the decision of the Supreme
Court, looking to the use of the executive arm
of this Government, and of the power of the party
which has, in years gone by, trespassed, as we
think, upon our constitutional rights; these, all
these, are what give us alarm, and admonish the
South to look out in time to secure additional
constitutional guarantees for their safety, peace,
and happiness. When we had the executive and
judicial arm, and the legislative power of the
Government, although these encroachments were
advancing upon us, we had the power; and that
power we could exercise to secure our safety,
having the fortress of the Constitution. The dif-
ferent departments of the Federal Government
upon our side gave us safety and repose. When
wc lost the executive power of the Government,
and it was transferred to the Republican party,
the South began to look around for means to
strengthen their fortress, or to change their posi-
tion.
In this connection I wish to say, that whether
a State has a constitutional right to secede, or
whether the action of a State in seceding ia rev-
olutionary, I shall not consume the time of the
House to discuss. I consider that no State, and
no citizens of a State, will ever secede from the
Federal Government until their grievances are
too heavy to be borne; and when that is the case,
all admit that they have the right of revolution,
and can change their form of government when-
ever they please. Whether, then, it be secession
or revolution, it is useless now to inquire or dis-
cuss. We have to deal with the facts before us;
and, if we can, to arrest the progress of that rev-
olution, save the country, and keep the stars and
stripes of this blessed Union floating. Nothing
now remains for the patriot but to address him-
self to the work of healing the bieach between
the two sections of this Confederacy. Five States
have gone out of the Union; whether rightfully
or wrongfully, they have denied the Federal au-
thority, and have set up their own jurisdiction.
Wo have to deal with this fact.
We were asked, the other day, by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] what the Re-
publican party had done? Said lie: " what have
wc done, except to elect our President?" We
claim that they have done a great deal; and when
I answer the gentleman's question, I want it dis-
tinctly understood that I do not impugn the mo-
tives of any one, nor do 1 design to make a per-
sonal application of my remarks to any particular
member of the Republican party. The question
asked was: what has been done giving the South
cause of complaint? I answer that the Abolition-
ists and Free-Soilers of the fiee States have, for
more than thirty years, assailed the institution of
slavery in the southern States. They deny to us
a common property in the Territories; those Ter-
ritories acquired equally by our blood and treas-
ure as by yours, making it a condition that wc
shall migrate to them only with such property
as is recognized in the free States. A gentleman
on the other side of the House said the other day
that they imposed no restrictions upon the South;
that when the citizens of the free States moved
into the Territories they carried no slaves with
them, and that they were willing to permit the
slave States to carry there all they carried. The
doctrine of the Constitution is, that each State
has a right to regulate its domestic affairs in its
own way, to establish its own institutions, and
to recognize as property whatever its citizens sec
proper, in the formation of their fundamental law;
the doctrine of the Constitution is, that the citi-
zens of each State shall have the same rights and
privileges as the citizens of the several States.
The Territories were acquired by the several
States; and it is, therefore, a violation of good
faith, and of our constitutional rights, to restrict
our citizens from carrying into the common Ter-
ritories whatever is icgavded as property in the
States whence they emigrate.
The North have enacted laws in many of their
States nullifying the provision of the Constitution
of the United States for the rendition of fugitive
slaves, refusing the use of their jails for the cus- i
tody of the prisoners, and making it a penal of-
fense for any one to aid in the execution of the
fugitive slave law. Justice requires that 1 should
say here, that there seems to be a disposition in
many of the free States to lepeal those obnoxious
laws. They have not yet, however, been re-
pealed in more than one or two Slates. I hope
they will all be repealed without delay.
Mr. McKENTY, I would say to the gentle-
man from Missouri that there is a bill before the
Legislature of Pennsylvania at this time, to repeal
the obnoxious sections of the act to which he re-
fers. If the Republican party, who are now in
power there, do not repeal them, or remove any
other obstacle that may be in the way of adjusting
our present difficulties, the honest, Union-loving
masses of Pennsylvania will, when the opportu-
nity first presents itself, consign the leaders of
that party to their political graves, from which
they will not rise until the day of resurrection.
It shall not be said that any act of Pennsylvania
is. a thorn in the side of the South, irritating that
portion of the Confederacy to secession.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think my colleague can-
not have as much hope of the Legislature as he
has of the people of Pennsylvania. He ought to
have said that.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I give notice that I shall
object to these interruptions being taken out of
the time of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. KiLGORE. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McKenty] if the per-
sonal liberty laws of his State were not passed by
a Democratic Legislature ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I was glad to hear
the remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who interrupted me. The gentleman from Indi-
ana asks him if a Democratic Legislature did not
pass the laws of which we complain. I care not,
sir, whether it was a Democratic Legislature or
otherwise. I am not now dealing with parties.
I am dealing with the causes which produce the
disruption of our Government, and which it is in
the power of the Republican party to remove.
Mr. McPHERSON. With the permission of
the gentleman from Missouri, I will state, for his
information, that, no matter what was the com-
plexion of the Legislatures that passed those en-
actments, both the Governors who signed them
belonged to the Democratic party.
, Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman ought in
justice to add, that the Governor who signed the
bill- to repeal one of them was also a Democratic
Governor.
Mr.'JUNKIN. I understood the gentleman
from Missouri to state that in Pennsylvania we
have a law which forbids the use of our jails for
the purpose of securing fugitive slaves?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I did not say that.
Mr. JUNK1N. I have no doubt that that im-
pression has prevailed, however, for I have seen
it stated as a fact in the newspapers. Such a law
was made in 1847, but it was repealed in 1852,
and is not now upon our statute-book.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I never said that
Pennsylvania had such a law, and I never thought
so; for I am in the habit of reading the statutes of
Pennsylvania and of most of the other States, and
I never supposed that Pennsylvania had such a
law.
The Republican party of the North have de-
clared in their national convention, as a solution
of the slavery question—and they have elected a
President pledged to that doctrine—that all men are
free and equal; and this doctrine of negro equality
is carried into practical effect in the States of New
York, Massachusetts, and Ohio, where negroes
arc allowed to vote for President and members of
Congress. Associations have been organized in
many of the free States, without rebuke from the
Republican party m any organized form, to steal
our slaves and to prevent their recapture. To
show that such associations are countenanced in
high places, I have only to instance the refusal of
the Governor of Ohio,upon a late occasion, to give
up persons charged with negro stealing, on the
requisitions of the Governors of Kentucky and
Tennessee, on the ground that negro stealing is
not a crime in the State of Ohio. Citizens from
your States have invaded southern soil for the
purpose of liberating slaves, and have murdered
unoffending citizens; and the people in many local-
ities in your States have, in public meetings and
otherwise, bestowed praise and eulogium upon
the assassins; and the Executives of several States
have refused to deliver up parties implicated in
the treason. Many distinguished members of the
Republican party have declared their intention to
remodel the Supreme Court, and to put it on the
side of freedom. They have declared that their
party power shall he used for the expansion of
freedom and the contraction of slavery; a ltd that
with Lincoln's election American slavery is at an
end. They have, in many of the free States, ar-
rayed the schools, churches, and presses with
great unanimity against the South; and the idea
is inculcated by them that it is the duty of the
people to exterminate slavery at anysacnficcand
