1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Q79
at all hazards. They have flooded the South with
seditious anti-slavery pamphlets and papers cal-
culated to create servile insurrection, and to en-
danger the safety of our homes and families. By
the fanaticism of the North, we have been forced
to separate from you in some of our churches and
other religious institutions.
These are things of which the South complains,
whether truthfully or otherwise history will re-
cord. In addition to all this, Mr. Lincoln has been
elected to the Presidency with his sentiment that
he was opposed to the exclusion of the negro from
the polls; with the sentimentthat the Union, part
slave and part free, was like a house divided
against itself, which could not stand; with the
sentiment proclaimed by him that those who deny
freedom to others cannot long, in the providence
ofGod, retain it themselves. All these things, taken
in connection with the past history of the party,
have alarmed the South. These are the things
that have culminated in producing the disruption
which now exists in the withdrawal of the south-
ern States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to correct the
gentleman from Missouri. I do not think he can
find any passage in any speech of Mr. Lincoln
where he ever declared himself in favor of negro
suffrage.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Oh yes; I can find
that he has said what amounts to the same thing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will incorporate
it in my remarks. I have not time to read it now;
but I know that I am right. Mr. Lincoln, in a
speech at Chicago, in September, 1856, spoke as
follows:
" My friends, I have detained you a? long as I desired to
do; arid I have only to say, let us diseaid all this quibbling
about tins man and tile olher mail—this race and that race
and the other lace being interior, and therefore they must
be placed 111 an inferior position—di^catding our standaid j
that wc have left u:-. Let us d^card all these thiriirs, and (
unite as one people thioughout this Kind, until we shall once '
moie stand up decluriug that all men are treated equal
"Sly fliemis, I could not, without launching oil'upon
some new topic, winch would detain you too long, eon-
tinue to-night. I thank vm tor this most extensive au-
dience that you have furnished me to-night. I leave jou,
hoping that the lamp of liberty will burn in your bo-oms
until there shall no longer be a doubt that all men are created
free and equal.'1'1
Mr. Lincoln, in a speech at Chicago, on the
10th of July, 1858, used the following language:
• If X were in Congtess, and a vote should eonie upon a
question whether slaveiv should be prohibited in a new
Territoiy, m spite of the Dred Scott decision, I would vote
that it should."
Mr. Lincoln, in a letter addressed to the Repub-
licans of Boston, in answer to an invitation to par-
ticipate in the celebration of Jefferson's birthday,
April 13, I860, used the following language:
This is a world of compensation, and he who would
be no slave must consent to have no slv.ve. Those who
deny freedom to otheis deserve it not tm themselves, and '
under a just God cannot long letam it."
Now, Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding all these
things, Missouri lias ever been loyal to the Union.
Missouri and the border slave States have been
cvor true to the flag of our common countiy. In
addition to all these things, raids are continually
made within our borders; our slave property is
taken; our citizens are murdered; and to-day,in
the State of Missouii, wo are compelled to keep
three companies of militia stationed oil our bor-
ders to protect the lives and property of our fel-
low-citizens. Still these States have been ever
true. They have not seceded. They have not
defied the Federal authorities; but they have come
here with petitions and applications.
They ask the dominant party here, and they
have always asked the North, to give them their
constitutional rights. We ask nothing else, and
intend to submit to nothing less.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Missouri permit me to ask him a question? He '
says his State will submit to nothing less than her
constitutional rights. I desire to know whether
they will constitute themselves the sole judges of
what is tn be the construction of the Constitution.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Ohio asks me if we will constitute ourselves
the solejadgesasto ourconstitutional rights. My
answer to the gentleman is this: tin.* Government is
composed of threedepartments—the executive, ju-
dicial, and legislative. I understand the first duty of
a good citizen is to obey the laws of the land. The
legislative department enacts the laws, the judicial
department expounds them, and the executive de-
partment executes them. When there is a conflict
of opinion as to the construction of a law, it is for
the court to declare the proper construction; and
the decisions of the courts in cases properly before
them become, until reversed, part of the law of
the land, and every citizen must yield obedience
to them. Then, in regard to aState being the sole
judge of its political rights, my opinion is, that it
is the duty of all States, and of all communities,
to assert their rights; to demand them; to peti-
tion for them; and it is the like duty of all the
other sections of the Union to accord those rights
willingly and promptly. But when all constitu-
tional remedies are exhausted, and fail to secure
these constitutional rights, then the citizens of a
sovereign State are justified in asserting, by force,
if necessary, the rights which belong to them
under the Constitution. That is my answer.
Mr. STANTON. Then, I understand that the
gentleman's claim is, that whenever there is a
difference of constitutional construction in differ-
ent sections of the Confederacy, it is the consti-
tutional right of each State to maintain its own
construction, even by a dissolution of the Con-
federacy and civil war.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No. I believe no
such thing; and the gentleman could certainly
have not so understood me. I say, again, that
it is the duty of good citizens to submit to the
courts of the country. When the courts make a
decision, it is the duty, not only of States, but of
citizens, to obey that decision.
Mr. STANTON. If that be so 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I cannot consent
to be interrupted any further; but I will make a
personal application of the point. The Supreme
Court, in the. Dred Scott derision, delivered its
opinion as to the constitutional rights of my sec-
tion of the Union; and yet the gentleman's party
refuses to submit to that decision. They de-
nounce the Supreme Court for making it, and
threaten to reconstruct that court and to put it on
the#side of freedom. I say, then, that it is time
foi the citizens of the section whose lights have
been-sustained in that decision to prepare them-
selves for the worst, against a section which re-
pudiates the Supreme Court and denounces its
decision.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment of his time ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I cannot.
Mr. STANTON. All I ask is to state my
position on this point.
Mr. CLAR.K, of Missouri. One complaint
against the Republican party, and against Mr.
Lincoln's elevation to the Presidency, is founded
on that very objection.
Mr. STANTON. That is what I want to cor-
rect.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Lincoln stated,
in a speech, that, notwithstanding the decision of
the Supreme Court in the Dred~ Scott case, he
would, if he were in Congress, still vote to pro-
hibit slavery in the Teintoiies, while the court
had said that it was unconstitutional to pass that
restriction. Mr. Lincoln avowed that, notwith-
standing the decision of the courts, if he had the
power, lie would still vote to prohibit slavery in .
the Territories of the United States. That gen-
tleman is now the President elect of the United
States, elected by the Republican party, having
power to remodel the Supreme Court as occasion
may present itself. That is one cause of alarm.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman willallow
me to interpose a word on that point, to go out
with his speech, it may have a tendency to quiet
the apprehensions of his constituents upon that
point.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If Mr. Lincoln
would say a word upon that point himself, he
could quiet the apprehensions of the people on
the subject in a moment; provided what he said
was in favor of obeying the decision of the court.
He could quiet the fears of the country, or pre-
pare them for what inevitably would come.
Mr. STANTON. Now, if the gentleman will
allow me, I will take but a moment of his time.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No, sir; 1 cannot
yield further. Mr. Speaker,I wasgoingon tore-
mark that, notwithstanding all these complaints,
which, in our judgment, we have abundantcause
to make, the people of the State which 1 have the
honor in part to represent still continue to main-
tain their loyalty to the 'Unionof'these- States.
The question to which I wish now to address my- /
self is, what will relieve thq apprehensions t>f the '
people of the South? What will restore peace to
the country? What will give stretfgJh to the Union?
What will calm these troubles? What will give
peace and repose and confidence and safety, and
again reunite our once prosperous country? '
In this connection, Mr. Speaker, without ad-
verting to any particular argument, permit mo to
say it here—to announce it from my place—that I
believe the measures called the Crittenden prop-
osition would give peace to the country. That
proposition, sir, establishes nothing more than the
Missouri compromise, as originally understood.
It does nothing more than to give protection to
persons and property in the territory lying south
of the line of 3(iO 30'. If gentlemen are sincere
in desiring the Union to be preserved; if they are
sincere in saying they are willing the South should
have equal constitutional rights in the Union; if
they are sincere in saying theyvupuld do nothing
in derogation of the rights of the South, here is
an opportunity, by adopting that proposition, to
cany into effect their promises, and to immedi-
ately produce a state of feeling that would cul-
minate in the safety and reunion of the whole
country, in my humble judgment. I ask gentle-
men of the Republican party, why can you not
consent to submit that proposition to the people?
Are you afraid of the people? I believe, that if
this proposition were to be submitted to the sov-
ereign people of this country, it would be carried
by acclamation. But, if the people of the country
are with the Republicans of this House, and op-
posed to that proposition, you then run no risk
by submitting it.
Mr. HOARD. Suppose it is submitted to the
people, and they vote it down: would the gentle-
man then be satisfied?
Mr. K1LG0RE. I understand the gentleman
from Missouri to say that the Crittenden proposi-
tion is nothing more nor less than the Missouri
compromise. I wish to ask thegentlcman whethei
that proposition does not constitutionalize slavery
south of that line, and whether the Missouri com-
promise did ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will answer the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOARD. As my question was asked
first, I hope you will answer it first.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will. The gen-
tleman from New York asks whether, if the Crit-
tenden proposition be submitted to the people, and
they refuse to adopt it, I will then be content to
remain in the Union. I answer the gentleman, that
I am willing to submit that proposition as the basis
of compromise; and I state to the gentleman from
New York that, so far as I am concerned, and so
far as my State is concerned, or at least so far as
that portion of the State which I represent is con-
cerned—for I have the right to speak for my con-
stituents—we are in favor of remaining in the
Union so long as wc can remain with honor and
safety. We love the Union. We love the stars
and stripes. Wclook upon its monuments, upon
its past glories, upon its present greatness; and
when this Congress met we looked forward to a
bright future. °No light cause will ever make
Missouri leave the Union. But I tell you,in that
connection, that we must be equal; we must have
our constitutional rights; we must be upon terms
of equality m all the departments of the Govern-
ment; for we will remain with 110 people, and iti
no Union, or in any Confcdeiation, as inferiors.
Mr. HOARD. Then I understand the gentle-
man from Missouri to say his constituents are *
willing to assert their constitutional rights in a
constitutional way?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. That is what I
say. I stated before what my docttine was, in
answer to the gentleman from Ohio. Wc will ex-
haust all constitutional means first. Our doctrine
■ is, that it is the duty of every citizen to make his
]' application in a constitutional manner, and to
i1 make his resistance in a constitutional manner,
j as long as that Constitution furnishes a remedy
| for the evils that are done him; but when they
j! are exhausted; when our application is not heard;
' when ourconstitutional guarantees are violatec,;
II when the departments of the Government will not
' hear our request or grant us what is our due under
i! the Constitution, then we have our remedy; then,
