1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
be told the truth, that the object is the final dis-
ruption of the Government, they would shudder
at the idea. When you throw out a decoy duck,
and tell them this deception, this syren song, that
this is only a movement of the southern States to
procure a reconstruction of this Government, I
submit, with great deference, that you deceive
them. Reconstruction ! You might as well tell
me, after you had taken a delicate watch, and put
it under the ponderous blows of a forge hammer,
that you only did it that you might reconstruct,
with perfection, its complex machinery. T have
no hope that they will ever come to the work of
reconstruction. But if they should, £ fear they
will fail, and I should not, I confess, be much
surprised if it were to turn out that their first step
had been to break the main-spring. I honor
Virginia and North Carolina, and all the south-
ern Slates that have not seceded; and I desire that
they shall understand what is really covered up
in this cry of a readjustment of the Govern-
ment.
I would say to my northern friends, to the
members*of the Republican party, that you have
it in your power, and that too, I conceive, with-
out any material sacrifice of any principle valu-
able to you or any one else, to crush this thing
out in one hour. You have the power, and you
ought, to quiet the minds of all reasonable men in
the slave States. You have it—and I say it with
great respect—you have it in your power to crush
out t|ie enemies of this great and glorious Govern-
ment. Why, sirs, do you think these ultra men
insist on what they call protection, because it is of
any value to them? Whenever you say to them,
take it as you want it, then you hand over to them
what will bG to them their political winding-sheet.
It is not because it is a thing which is really valu-
able to the South that they desire protection, nor
is it because it would be any injury to the North if
you grant it. They demand it because they think
you will refuse it; and by your refusal, they hope
the South will be inflamed to the extent of break-
ing up this Government—the very thing the leaders
desire.
Letme ask you, northern gentlemen—I begpar
-don when I address you as northern men, but you
are the men to whom I want to appeal—let me
ask you one question. Suppose the Congress of
the tTnited States were to pass a law that no Gov-
ernor of a Territory, that no member of a Terri-
torial Legislature, that no man of any prominence
in the Government, should give a vote, make a
speech, or utter a word against the right of a
slaveholder to settle and remain with his slaves in
any Territory belonging to this Government,
jiorth or south: do you think it would make a sol-
itary slave State more than otherwise would nat-
urally be, provided the North had an equal chance
to emigrate and settle in those Territories? Would
it make one more slave? There is not a man in
this House who can now put his hand upon his
breast and say that he believes that it would make
one slave State more or less, or one free State
more or less, or one slave more or less. And if
you want effectually to break up this disunion
movement, all you have to do is to rise in your
might in this Congress, and say, "Gentlemen of
the South, just fix it so that theie shall be equal
rights of immigration and settlement in the Ter-
ritories given to all the States; and when the peo-
ple have the power to form a State constitution,
which, as things now stand, will be a very short
time, they shall be permitted to come in with a
free or a slave constitution, as they desire." Do
this, and you could do nothing that would disap-
point the disumomsts more, or which would so
■speedily prove their downfall. There would be
joy and gladness among all the industrious masses;
but weeping, mourning,and wailing,and a speedy
«nd to the ambitious schemes of disunion poli-
ticians. Why, gentlemen of the North, let me
remind you of the Kansas-Lecompton troubles,
frauds, and swindles. The manner in which they
were settled was not of your device. As you know,
a few conservatives of the South had tostruggle for
a long time to prevail upon some of you to vote with
•us upon theCrittenden amendment, because itsaid
that the people of Kan-sas, a Ten itory north of the
imeof36° 30', mightormightnothave slavery, just
as they pleased. Many of you were committed
against there being any slave State north of the
parallel of 36O30'. We prevailed on you to join
us in making a settlement. At last you came up
and voted with a few conservative men of the
South, to settle the question by allowing the peo-
ple of Kansas to take the matter into their own
hands, and say whether there should be slavery
there or not. You did that; and I ask you what
was the result? The result in Kansas shows that
there is no harm to-you in that course. On that
principle you triumphed. On that principle main-
ly, for adopting it in that case, has your strength
grown up in your section; and I believe there are
not now, in any section of this Union, many who
have courage enough to denounce the course then
taken to settle that difficulty. You triumphed then.
But, as I think, on a correct, fair principle, all
you ought to desire is the maintenance of that
principle, whether it runs out for you or against
you. You have it in your power to maintain it.
You have elected the President and Vice Presi-
dent. You have secured the appointing power.
Then I ask you to consider it again. I ask you
to go home and think about it. If you will say to
these fire-eaters of the South, "Give us free em-
igration and*free settlement, and then a fair vote
on the formation of a Stateconstitution, " you will
see a set of men die off quicker than you ever saw
a set of men die off before. You will send them
home to hide their heads, mourning and disap-
pointed. I ask you to do it; I implore you, for
the sake of the peace, the- quiet, and the happi-
ness of the greatest people on the face of the earth.
Do it, and to many millions of anxious and ach-
ing hearts it will give ease. Do it, and you will
save the greatest people on the face of the earth
from utter bankruptcy and ruin, and you will put
an end to the race of a set of men who are acting,
as I verily believe, like madmen. You will lose
nothing for your section or your party. You will
gain immeasurably to both, and to the whole coun-
ty- . .
But you say there was no such issue as this in
the canvass; that you did not come here under
any instructions upon such an issue as this. Nor
did you when Lecomptoncame here. Yourelec-
tion took place before that swindle was perpe-
trated and presented to you. You acted then
without instructions. You acted under the advice
of southern conservative men, and you got clear
of that great wrong. You acted under the solemn
sanction of your oaths, and met that crisis. Do
so now, and your constituents will approve and
rejoice in your course. I tell you, if you will only
be advised by me, who live in the heart of the
South—a man in whom I believe you have some
confidonce as a fair-minded man—-just now be ad-
vised by me, and your country will say that you
acted like noble patriots in a crisis which was
forced upon you. You will have the praises of
all your countrymen, and thousands and millions
of unborn souls will rise up to say, " Blessed be
the men who stood in this crisis and saved this
great country." Why, sirs, you tell me Con-
gress can make slavery go, or not go, wherever
it pleases. Just as well might you tell me that
any law that Congress might pass would stop
the waters of the Mississippi from flowing into
the Gulf of Mexico, as to tell me that Congress
could legislate slavery out of or into any Terri-
toiy. It cannot be done.
More than that, gentlemen, when is this con-
gressional legislation to be invoked? When will
it be asked for ? Only when the people of a Ter-
ritory indicate their hostility to slavery, and in-
vade the right. So long as the people get along
without slavery, or peacefully with it, such le-
gislation is not asked for. It is only when the
people arc determined not to have it, that Con-
gress could be asked to intei fere. How long will
such legislation be effective ? The people,as in the
case of Kansas, will soon decide. Congressional
action would not make a slave more or a slave
less. I ask the members of this House to con-
sider. Let by-gones and past differences pass.
Let us come up to the great work of the peace,
happiness, and prosperity of our great and be-
loved country.
I say to gentlemen here from the North, con-
sider well Mr. Crittenden's proposition; not
because it is so much better than some others as
to become an ultimatum, or that it should have
less favor with the North by reason of this indi-
vidual opinion candidly expressed for myself,
but because it seems to be acceptable to our south-
ern friends. Disconnect it, if you choose, from
territory hereafter to be acquired. Give us that
at least,' Think of & till Monday. If you will
not give us the Crittenden proposition, give us
the border-States proposition. If not th&fc> then
give us the proposition of the committee of thir-
ty-three, modified, if you please, to conform in
substance and in effect to the two first-named
propositions; but let us all go together, every man
who loves his country and this Union, for some-
thing that will certainly givepeace to our distracted
and distressed countrymen of alt sections.
Sir, I am free to say that I have given the most
careful examination to these various propositions;
and I am cheered to find them all verging so nearly
to the same ends. They do not differ so widely
as to justify Union men in falling out by the way,
and failing to agree. The effects expected by Uie
adoption of any one of them ought not to be lost
by the adoption of either of the others. In many
particulars, and for reasons which I have not time
now to assign, I think wall of the report of the
committee of thirty-three. Under all the circum-
stances, I incline* to the opinion that their prop-
osition to adjust the territorial question should be
well considered, because it shows a feeling on the
part of northern gentlemen thatlhad notexpected.
Theobjection to the proposition, so far as it relates
to the Territories, cannot consist in the proposi-
tion itself; but it must be somewhere else than in
what I can see on its face. It must be because it
docs not come from what gentlemen consider a
desirable source. I read it as it is written. I
give it, I think, a fair and impartial construction.
And if 1 do, it means much, and goes along way
to adjust and settle all territorial quat rels as to
the Territories we now have, or may hereafter
have.
I prefer Mr. Crittenden's proposition so far
as it relates to slavery in the District of Columbia,
and in the forts, arsenals, and dock-yards. But
northern gentlemen say, that if you submit all
these little questions of constitutional amendment
to the people, and some of them are voted down,
you will be worse off than you were before, and
that these are all small and unimportant questions
compared with the question ofslavex*y in the States.
The question as to the interference with slavery in
these places has only had importance in the South
as settling a principle which they feared would
load to an interference with slavery in the States.
Whether slavery shall beemployed in these places
or not, isaquestion small compared with the ques-
tion of slavery in the States; but it becomes an
important one in the South, because if that power
were exercised by Congress, our people take it
for granted that the next step would be to attack
slavery in the States. But if, as gentlemen pro-
pose, they will give us a congressional pledge
upon these subjects, and then give us, as they
propose, a perpetual guarantee agairst the inter-
ference of Congress with slavery in the States—
the great area or field where it exists—for all time
to come, by a constitutional amendment, never to
be altered or disturbed except by the consent of
all the States of this Union,—if you will do this,
then I conceive the apprehensions of my people
will, in a great degree, be removed as to these
diminutive localities. When the people of the
free States have given them a guarantee for tho
perpetual enjoyment of their institutions in these
glorious fifteen States, having nine hundred and
fifty thousand square miles of territory, the best
rivers in the world, the most valuable produc-
tionsof the earth, and the most desirable climate,
and also give them a reasonable chance in the
Territories wherever climate, soil, and produc-
tions will invite their settlement, then I would
address my people, and say that they should stay
in tho Union. With this constitutional, perpetual
guarantee as to slavery in the States, and a con-
j gressional pledge as to the District, arsenals, and
! dock-yards, I should consider all inducements to
! interfere with slavery in these very small locali-
! ties removed.
| Gentlemen say that this is altogether unneces-
j sary; that you never intend to interfere with sla-
: very in the States; and that you have no power
j now to abolish it in the States. I have repeat-
i edly heard that said here. I do not gainsay it.
But I tell you, gentlemen from the North, that
the item of a letter which I have read to you to-
day, sent by the Senator to the capital of my
■ State, is only a specimen of what is preached all
. over the South in every neighborhood; ana the
I southern people do, whether justly or not, iion-
