584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
publican party, upon the question of slavery, is the
same as that occupied by all the great statesmen
"of the past, both North and South, and with the
indisputable facts staring us in the face, that the
material interests of this great country can only
be fully developed by a* system of free labor—we
are Called upon to stifle our convictions of right,
to close our ears to the calls of humanity, to cease
writing and speaking against slavery, and to give
it free license for its extension throughout God's
heritage. I have heard men of the South say that
we must do all this and more; we must change the
hearts of our people, and make them believe, with
the South, that slavery is right, and not, as we
think now, a curse and a crime, but a blessing to
the master and a mercy to the slave. This, of
course, we can never do.
The freemen of the North believe slavery to be
. wrong—a sin against God and a crime against
man—and they cannot and ihey will not be re-
sponsible for its further extension. So far as I am
concerned, by no word or deed of mine shall sla-
very obtain any new constitutional guarantees.
The people of the North believe they have no
power, and they have no desire, to meddle with
the institution of slavery in the States. Thoy do
not feel that they are at all responsible for it there;
and therefore it is no burden upon their con-
science. But not so with the Territories. There
they regard themselves as responsible for it; and
no power on earth could compel my constituents
to consent to its protection there.
The people of the South groatly mistake the
sentiment of the North. They think this oppo-
sition to slavery is grounded upon prejudice and
ill-will to the South; that their hatred of the South
and its institutions is incffacable and implacable;
that this slavery question is a mere question of
property. Would to God that the southern mind
could be disabused of this false impression! I
believe there is no sacrifice that could be named,
involving mere pecuniary considerations, that the
North would not cheerfully make to restore peace
and harmony to our distracted country, iiut to
be called upon to sacrifice their long-cherished
convictions of right and duty, is more than they
can consent to, be the conscquenccs what they
may. To accuse us of hating the South, because
we cannot in conscience be responsible for any
further guarantees for slavery, is no more reason-
able than it would be for Quakers to accuse bap-
tists of hating them because they could not m
conscience become Baptists, or for Baptists to ac-
cuse Quakers of hating them because they would
nol abandon their conscientious convictions, and
believe as they do. No, indeed; if it was a ques-
tion of mere property it could be speedily settled,
be the amount never so large. My constituents
arc willing to live up to and fulfill all their consti-
tutional obligations, and will be quite content to
live on in the future as in the past,leaving slavery
where it belongs, unmolested in the States. If the
Union can be preserved upon this basis, God be
praised; if not, then they are ready to take the
consequences.
I think I have shown that the action of the North
furnishes no reasonable ground of complaint.
How has it been with the action of the South?
Let us see how far she has been just to the North.
For half a century or more, tKe South has vir-
tually had possession of the national Government;
and during that whole period, a very large ma-
jority of the revenues for the support of the Gov-
ernment have been paid by the people ofthc North;
and during a greater portion of that time, more
than three quarters of the whole revenue has been
taken from the pockets of the people of the North.
Any man who has bestowed much thought upon
this matter, and who will take the tiouble to in-
vestigate it thoroughly, will be convinced of the
truth of these declarations. Now, so far as offices
and appropriations are concerned, the South has
always had the lion's share. Her sons have mo-
nopolized, to a very great extent, all the best offices
of the Government. Its honors and emoluments
have been lavished upon the men of the South,
with an unsparing hand. Of all this, the North
have never seriously complaincd; and it results
from two causes: the jealousy of the South of
northern influence generally; and the fact that
almost the only avenue to distinction m the South
is in connection wjth the Government.
There are few men of distinction m the South,
in science, in literature, or in mercantile pursuits;
because the condition and institutions of the South
are not conducive to the growth and development
of such minds. Therefore it is that almost every
southern mind, in whose bosom glows the fires
of ambition, turns'" his attention to the glittering
prizes and high honors of the Government. Not
so with the North. "While she has furnished to
theGovernmentmanyeminentstatesmen, of great
ability, vast attainments, and liberal culture, I
think it but fair to say, that, as a general propo-
sition, her highest type of mind is not to be found
in administering the Government* Therefore it
is, that in all political contests, notwithstanding
the acknowledged superior power of the North,
and her greater numbers, tne South has almost
always been victorious.
Had the South used her power prudently and
acted wisely, she would have controlled the des-
tinies of this Government for generations yet to
come. Had she even administered the Govern-
ment as she always had done, with but little re-
gard to the development of the material interests
of the North, and with an eye single to the inter-
ests of the South only, but refrained from attempt-
ing to coerce the North into a surrender of their
deep-rooted conscientious convictions of rightand
duty, Abraham Lincoln would not have been to-
day President elect of these United States. But,
flushed with victories so constant and thorough,
and maddened by every expression of opposition
to their peculiar institution, they commenced a
work of pi-oscription and aggression upon the
rights of the people of the North, which has
finally forced them to rise in their might and drive
them from power. They commenced their ag-
gressions upon the North in some of the south-
ern States by the enactment of unconstitutional
laws, imprisoning colored seamen, and refusing to
allow those laws to be tested before the proper
tribunals. Thoy trampled upon the sacred right
of petition; they rifled and burnt our mails, if
they suspected they contained anything in con-
demnation of slavery. They proscribed every
northern man fromoilico who would not smother
and deny his honest convictions upon slavery,
and barter his manhood for place. They an-
nexed foreign territory avowedly to extend and
strengthen their peculiar institution, and made
war 111 defense and support of that policy. They
refused admission into the Union of States with
free constitutions, unless they could have, as an
equivalent, new guarantees for slavery. They
passed a fugitive slave bill,some of the provisions
of which were so merciless, and unnecessary as
they were inhuman, that they would have dis-
graced the worst despotism of Europe. They
repealed that" Missouri compromise a,ct," which
they had themselves forced upon the North,
against their wishes and their votes; and after
having attained all their share of the benefit, they
struck it down, against the indignant and almost
unanimous protest of the whole North, for the
purpose of forcing slavery upon an unwilling peo-
people. They undertook to prevent, by violent
means, the settlement of Kansas by fiec-State
men. They invaded that Territory, and plundered
and murdered its citizens by armed force, with
arms belonging to, and taken from, the National
Government. They imposed upon its people ar-
bitrary, wicked, and bogus legislation by a fraud-
ulent Legislature. They were left to the tender
mercies of border ruffians, unprotected by the
Federal Government. These peaceable inhabit-
ants were subjected to fire, pillage, and murder,
by these invaders, at the instigation of southern
counsels. Not satisfied with all this, they tried
to force upon them, against their consent, a con-
stitution permitting and protecting slavery; and
for " spurning the bribe,5'they have been kept
out of the Union, and made to suffer all manner
of indignities. Every new triumph of the South
and every concession by the North has only
whetted their appetite for still more, and encour-
aged them in making greater claims and more un-
reasonable demands, until to-day they are threat-
ening the overthrow of the Government if we do
not give them additional guarantees for protection
to their slave property m territory which we do
not now own. If this has been the action of the
South, and such are her monstrous and unreason-
able demands upon the North, is it not well to
inquire the value of this connection with the
South, and the consequences to us and to her of
severing the tie which now binds us together?
In a speech which I made in this House on the
30th day of April last, I used the following lan-
guage:
"But we of the Noith are not only threatened with a
dissofution of the Union, in the event of a contingency,
which I think is sure to happen, namely, the election of a
Republican President; hut we are told that non-intercourse
is to be established immediately with the North, and the
South will purchase no more of her products. This is, in-
deed, alarming; but let us inquire how this is to be effected.
Everything that the South has to sell, her poverty compels
her to aclt lor cash only; while everything we dispose of to
the South, we give her a liberal credit upon. The South
to-day cannot, in my opinion, pay its debts; and it has not
property enough, in my judgment—not what we of the
North call property—to pay seventy-five cents on the dollar
of what it owes. And shall they talk of non-intercouise i
Why, if yon except the last few yeais, in which the South
has been remarkably prosperous, owing to the high price
of her products—a state of things winch it is impossible
should last; and the North has iost more money at the
South a great deal than the has ever made by the trade of
the South ; and there is scarcely a northern raeichant who
has not been obliged to depend upon his profits fiom custom
received from the middle and western States, to meet his
lo.sses suffered in trade at the South. I remember well
that in the great commercial revulsion that swept over this
country like a tornado in 1837, everv northern merchant
that I knew in all thonoithcm cities that dealt exclusively
with the South failed and was ruined. The same thing
again oceuned m 1842—the year in winch the United States
bankrupt law was passed, which wiped out untold millions
of southern indebtedness ; more, in (act, than the profits of
the whole trade of the South would then amount to for half
a score of years. The only houses that survived those two
stoims were those which had keptcleai of tiadmg with the
South."
Mr. Speaker, what I then said I fully believed,
and thought 1 knew. It has now become history,
which no one thinks of denying. I have traded
much with the South, and my own experience is
corroborative of these views, I have bestowed
much thought and investigation upon the subject,
and £ am willing to stake my reputation as a mer-
chant upon the record of the declaration that,
commercially and financially, if you take into view
only the business interests of the two sections, the
North would be better off if this Union should be
dissolved to-morrow. Even if this Union is to be
perpetuated, in my opinion the South never will,
and never can, pay one half of its indebtedness to
the North without contracting new debts to help
meet its old obligations. The whole property of
all the cotton Sfates, if you except slaves, will
not equal, by many millions, in my judgment,
that ot the State of Massachusetts. The great
staple of the South, about which she boasts so
much, and with which she is to move the world,
does notamount to one half as much as the annual
products of Massachusetts. And I will venture
the prediction, that within eight years American
cotton will not be of one half the relative import-
ance to manufactures that it is to-day, from
causes which I have not time now to enumerate;
and the introduction of flax will diminish the use
of it very materially.
I have spoken of the property of the South, if
you except slaves. But why except slaves? Be-
cause they are not property, only in a conventional
sense. They are not good for anything to pay
debts with beyond the community where slavery
is legalized; and they add nothing to the aggre-
gate wealth of a country or a community. They
are no more property, so far as the wealth of the
community is concerned, than our population at
the North is property. All labor adds to the pro-
ductive wealth of a country; and the only differ-
ence between slave labor and free labor, in this
connection, is, that our laborer owns his own
labor, and the slave's labor is owned by another;
and being forccd labor, is less productive than the
other; consequently less valuable as a source of
wealth than the free labor. There is no better
illustration, perhaps, that can be given than in
peon slavery. Peons are held to service, and can-
not control their own labor, because it is owned
by another; and yet they are not property; but
they are quite as much property, so far us the
State is concerned, as slaves. If, therefore, you
deduct the estimated value of the slaves from the
aggregate property of the South, the balance pre-
sents but a meager show; not much more than
enough, certainly, to pay its indebtedness to
others.
But I think I hear the question asked, how will
the trade of the North be improved by a separa-
tion from the South? Because the want of thrift
at the South is such, and the system of long and
loose credits prevails to such an extent there, that
a large portion of the southern trade is not worth
