1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
having, the losses upon it being greater to the
merchant than the profits. The credits are almost
all upon one side; consequently the losses are also.
There is no reciprocity in the credit system be- j
tween the North and the South. There is scarcely
any thing of northern manufacture that the South
will not want as much after disunion as it does
now. There is hardly any product or manufac-
ture of the North that the South now purchases
of her that she cannot furnish against the markets
of the world; therefore free trade, so far as the
South is concerned,could make but little difference
to the commercial or manufacturing interests of
the North.
If we should have a peaceable division—which
I conceive next to impossible; but if it were pos-
sible, the trade of the South would be more valu-
able to the North than it is now. Credit would
be much more restricted than now, and our losses
would be comparatively light. Our Government
would also be relieved from an enormous expend-
iture, which we have been, are now, and prob-
ably will be, obliged to incur for the benefit of
the South, if we continue together, most of which
is drawn from the pockets of the northern peo-
ple. The persons and property of our citizens
would be much better protected then than now.
A united North, under one Government, would
then, as now, be masters of this continent; and
all other Powers here would have to bow in hum-
ble submission to our will. We should be three
times as great in numbers, very much larger in
inhabited territory, and in wealth, power, and
material resources, incalculably superior to the
United States when she waged a successful war
against Great Britain, no longer ago than 1812; a
nation of freemen, with resources so vast, with an
intelligences© great, with amission so important,
what a spectacle we should present to the civil-
ized world!
When 1 reflect upon it, I see so clearly such a
bright future before me that I am more than half
reconciled to the separation of these States, if, in
the providence of God, it is destined to take place.
In that event Canada would rush to our embrace,
and give us a trade which would be of great and
increasing value. Our trade and commerce with
Central America and Mexico would be no longer
hampered and obstructed by the jealousies of the
South. Before the close of Mr. Lincoln's admin-
isnation, we should find our trade extended, and
our commercial and financial prosperity (perme-
ating every industrial interest of the country) ex-
ceeding that of any other period in our history.
But suppose the South should make war upon
us: what will be our situation as compared with
hers ? This, I allow, would be a serious matter
for us, butcomplete destruction to them; and may
Heaven, in its infinite mcrcy, save us from such
an impending calamity ! But if it must come, we
have the power and the means, such as the South
could not cope with for a moment. In such a con-
test, she would have but little money, and no
credit; fewer in numbers, with a servile popula-
tion at home requiring a large force to keep in
subjection. With us, cither one of several of our
old States could raise, equip, and maintain a con-
siderable army upon its own resources; and all
combined, could defy the world in arms. This is
no exaggerated picture, as every thoughtful man
knows. Is it for us, then, to humiliate ourselves,
sacrifice our principles, and be bound hand and
foot by this arrogant slave power, to save these
southern States from rushing upon their own
destruction? Never! Never!
But they are our brethren; and we would not
forget, if we could, that they are descendants of
ihe same heroicancestry, and thus far have shared
with us a common destiny. And let us remem-
ber, " that they know not what they do." They
have been deceived and imposed upon, as to our
purposes and views, by our opponents at the
Noith, and. by a venal press, as no people ever
were before; and their own orators at home, for
selfish and unworthy ends, have purposely de-
ceived them, by misrepresenting and abusing us.
They have no realizing sense of their own weak-
ness, or of the immense resources and mighty
power of the North. Therefore we should have
charity for them. They are as brave a people, I
believe, as ever lived. They are not averse to
fighting, and much less forbearing than the peo-
ple of the North. The northern pcoplcarc equally
brave, with cooler heads and better judgment, and
so much greater in numbers, with almost infinite
resources, that such an unequal contest could only
excite feelings of pity for them with every reflect-
ing mind. We can afford to be magnanimous and
forbearing; and let us do nothing which will put
us in the wrong, in any particular, in the eyes of
the civilized world.
If we do not yield, we are told by the advocates
of compromise, we are like the Government and
tories of Great Britain m the days of theRevo-
lution. They were told by the Burkes and the
Pitts that the colonists were right in resisting, and
the King would lose the colonies if the Govern-
ment did not recede. So we were told now that
this Government shall be overthrown, if we do
not cease to hate slavery and love freedom. It
seems to me this parallel should be reversed. The
colonists were struggling against usurpation and
aggressions on the part of those in power. They
would not yield, and they overthrew their power.
Just so with us. Wc have resisted the usurpa-
tions and aggressions of the slave power* and they
would not listen to our appeals; and we have risen
in our strength, and overthrown them.
I heard the distinguished Senator from Missis-
sippi say, the other day, that it would soon be
too late, if it was not already, to tender the olive
branch of peace; that obstinacy and refusal to
make concessions in season cost one king of Eng-
land his head, and drove another, his successor,
into exile. And he compared us to King James,
who refused to listen to all complaints until he
saw his kingly scepter passing from him, when
he would gladly have made all the concessions
demanded of him; but it was too late, and he was
driven into exile. Hero, again, is the mistake of
misapplication. The parallel should be reversed.
James came into power under most favorable aus-
pices, with a Parliament devoted to his interests,
which, if he had been moderate and wise, he could
have kept to the close of his reign. The Church
was strong in its attachments him,and the judges
were completely subservient to his will. But he
was a Roman Catholic. The Church, however,
had no disposition to meddle with his religion
and encroach upon his prerogative.
But James was a propagandist, and was determ-
ined to make others think as he did. He trampled
upon the Jaws; he violated the Constitution; ho
set at defiance the will of the people; he corrupted
the courts; he bribed the Parliament;and had no
respect for the rights of conscience. He could
not believe that Protestants could have conscien-
tiousconvictions; they were, in hisestimation, but
foolish whims. His propagandism, and lus ar-
bitrary exercise of power, cost him his throne.
Is it not precisely so with those who have had
possession of our national Government. In their
propagandism of slavery, they have trampled upon
the laws, violated the Constitution, bribed Con-
gress, corrupted courts, and set at defiance the will
of the people, who have risen in their might and
driven them into exile—an exile, I trust, qs return-
less as was that of their old prototype James II;
and if this political revolution of ours should be
as bloodless, and as beneficent in its results as
that of 1688, then, indeed, may the people well
rejoice.
This Government, in my judgment, will never
be overthrown. We may have secession, tem-
porary, perhaps permanent; and it may bo wise
policy to let some of the refractory States go,
peaceahlyif they must; hut they will never repent
it but once, and that will be always. If they can
afford to go, we can certainly afford to lose them.
But deeply as I should deplore it, I should feel
that much worse political evils could befall us;
and, for one, I should try to be content.
I do not believe, with some of those who are
imploring us to submit to any demand to save
the Union that may be made upon us, that free-
dom will die with the destruction of this Repub-
lic, and who point to the experience of Europe
and the Republics of South America in confirma-
tion of their prophecy. Freedom and free insti-
tutions rest upon the intelligence of the people,
and free constitutions can never exist upon any
other basis. Our American Constitution and our
free institutions are but the evidence of the intel-
ligence of the American people; not the cause,
but the efTect of that intelligence; and if this Con-
stitution and Government are overthrown, it will
be by one section of the Confederacy, because its
people were not sufficiently intelligent to appreciate
their blessings or comprehend their value;-and for
them a military despotism may be demanded by
the necessities of their condition. But the Tree-
men of the North could no more be subjected to
despotic rule than could the lightning: of heaven
be curbcd. Such a rule would be as pack-threads
upon the arms of an unshorn Samson.
Before I close, I wish to say a word in reply to
the aspersions so frequently cast upon the fair
fame of Massachusetts and her distinguished chief
magistrate. I will say now, what I have- said
before in this place, that Massachusetts " needs
no eulogy from any of her sons." " Her works
praise her;" and envy or malice may occasion
her disparagement; but she stands forth to-day,
in the estimation of all enlightened men through-
out the world, as the model State of this Union.
Her achievements in science, in literature, in arts,
in industrial pursuits, and in works of benevolence,
and her intellectual and moral standard, are alto-
gether unsurpassed by any section of equal terri-
torial extent upon this continent. Equally pre-
eminent is her historic greatness; and so well
settled is this by the general judgment of all man-
kind, that no one whose opinion is worth quoting
dares to deny her historic supremacy. Her de-
votion to the interests of freedom is but the record
of her history. She ever has been,and ever will
be, true to her plighted faith. She will observe
every constitutional obligation. As she made
greater sacrifices of the treasures of her coffers
and the blood of her sons than any other State,
to secure constitutional liberty, so she will always
stand by the flag of the Union, as the symbol of
its power and the type of its continuity.
Her excellent Governor has been most basely
slandered, not only by tlio Opposition press, but
within the walls of this Capitol, by those who
should have known better, as a defender of the
invasion of Virginia by John Brown. The record
of his testimony, given under the solemnities of
an oath, not long after the occurrence, in this very
Capitol, before the " Harper's Ferry investigating
committee," stamps the declaration as false. He
has often declared in public and private that John
Brown's invasion of Virginia was without justi-
fication or warrant.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I desire to say a single
word in explanation of liis remark that the Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts has been grossly slandered
in respect to his favoring the John Brown raid.
I suppose it is proper that the fact should be
known, that the statement of the supposed sen-
timent of the Governor of Massachusetts origin-
ated m a reported speech, delivered in Trcmont
Temple, iflmistakcnot, about the 19thofNovem-
ber, 1859, on taking the chair to preside over a
meeting called for the purpose of sympathizing
with the family of John Brown, perhaps, or with
some persons connected with that unfortunate
affair.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say to the gentleman from
Tennessee that I desire not to be understood as
imputing to any one in this House, or in the Sen-
ate, an intentional misrepresentation of the posi-
tion of Governor Andrew. I stated that he has
been basely slandered by tho Opposition press at
the North, and that the report which has been
made of his remarks on the occasion to which the
gentleman refers was a garbled report; that he has
since contradicted it; and that his testimony given
before the investigating committee of the Senate
proves the declaration to have been false. I will
state to the gentleman further, that I have heard
Governor Andrew, both in private and in public,
say that the invasion of John Brown was without
justification or excuse; that he never had the
slightest sympathy with his raid whatever, and
that he never said m his life that he would justify
or tolerate any such conduct.
Massachusetts has had twenty-one Governors
since the adoption of her first constitution, in 1780,
all of them able and distinguished, most of them
eminent, and some of them illustrious; but in every
thing that constitutes true greatness of character
and mind, not one among them all was the supe-
rior of John A. Andrew.
Sir, we must stand upon the Constitution and
a just and faithful execution of the laws, as our
fathers framed and as they administered them.
There is no one that does not deplore civil war;
and he is a madman and fool that would not exert
every nerve and exhaust every honorable means
