586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
to avert it. But " there is a point beyond which
forbearance ceases to be a virtue;" and when the
dread alternative comes, if come it must, every
patriot will say that the integrity of the Govern-
ment must be maintained, and the flag of our
' country defended at any cost and every hazard.
The cfecendants of those who fought at Lexington
and Concord, Bunker Hill and Saratoga, will
never see our star-spangled banner trailing in the
dust;
Mr. Speaker, whether this Government is to
stand or fall in its present entirety, is known but
to Him whose eye alone penetrates the future;
but whether it stand or fall, I have faith in the
wisdom and patriotism of the American people;
and if we are only true to our convictions, we
have a future most hopeful, a mission most im-
portant, and a destiny most glorious.
Mr. PRYOR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. GARNETT, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter before five o'clock) the House adjourned
until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 28, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved .
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Gloss-
brenner, his Secretary.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The "VICE PRESIDENT kid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in an-
swer to a resolution of the 19th instant, instructing
the Secretary of the Navy to inform the Senate
whether he has accepted, either with or without
condition, any drafts, or orders, or requests, to
pay money to the Chiriqui Improvement Com-
pany and Ambrose W. .Thompson, or either of
them, or any one else for them, or either of them;
and if so, the dates and amounts of such accept-
ances.
Mr. HALE. I move that the communication
be laid on the table, and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
will go to the Committee on Priming.
* Mr. HALE. Must a motion to print a com-
munication from an Executive Department go to
the Committee on Printing ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
so.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a list of clerks
and other employes of that Department for the
year 1800; which was ordered to lie on the table.
lie also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, statements showing the contracts made
under the authority of that Department during
the year I860; which,.on motion of Mr. Wilson,
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate calling for the report of Major Carle-
ton, relative to the Mountain Meadows massacre;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE 1IOCSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 752) granting an invalid pension to
Jacob Gates; and
A bill (No. 828) for the relief of Amanda Batts,
Laura P. W. Young, and Eetsey Murdock, heirs
of Barbara Walker.
I'KINTI.NG OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 25th instant, the printing of
the following documents:
Letter from the acting Secretary of the Interior,
presenting the account of E. A. Deslotide, for
clerk hire, underact of August 18,1855—ordered
at twelve o'clock and nine minutes.
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in compliance, with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 3d January, 1861,
the report of the superintendent of ordnance at the
Washington navy-yard on rifled cannon and the
armament of ships-of-war—ordered at twelve
o'clock and ten minutes.
Report of Lieutenant John Mullan, called for
by the resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 18th of December, 1860—ordered at twelve
o'clock and eleven minutes.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenner, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 26th instant, an act (S.No.97) to
authorize the institution of asuitagainst thcUni-
ted States, to test the title to lots Nos. 5 and 6,
in the Hospital square, in San Francisco.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Oswego county, New York, remonstrating
against any legislation under or by which the
local institution of slavery may be extended into
any Territories of the United States, whether
north or south of the old Missouri compromise
line; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Daniel D.
Foote, of Dobb's Ferry, New York, asking that
the rights of the people in all the States and Ter-
ritories be recognized; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a memorial of seven hundred
citizens of the State of New York, praying the
speedy adoption of such measures as will restore
peace and harmony to the country; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Ge-
neva, Ontario county, New York, praying the
passage, duiing the present session of Congress,
of a law to allowpcnsions to the militia and other
soldieis and ofliccrs of the war of 1819, and their
widows; winch was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of im-
porters of hardware, at Philadelphia, in relation
to the duty on articles manufactured of iron and
steel; which was referred to the select committee
on the tariff bill of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of Moses
Davenport and others, citizens of Newburyport,
Massachusetts, asking for the passage of the com-
promise resolutions of Mr. Crittenden. I under-
stand that these petitioners ask for an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States recogniz-
ing and protecting slavery south of 36° 30' in ex-
isting territory, and in territory not yet purchased,
conquered, or stolen. They ask that the Consti-
tution may be amended so as to prevent the Gen-
eral Government fiom abolishing slavery in the
District of Columbia while it exists in Virginia;
and to have the Constitution amended so that the
citizens of Massachusetts of the African race,
who have had the light of suffrage since 1780,
shall be denied that right; and the consideration,
I believe, is the equalization of the fees of the com-
missioneisunder the fugitive slave law. I move
that it lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Snyder county, Pennsylvania, praying the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by Hon. Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Car-
bon county, Pennsylvania, praying the adoption
of the compiomise measures proposed by Hon.
Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. GWIN. I present the petition of Wil-
liam Rabe, secretary of the Pacific raihoad con-
ventions held in the cities of San Francisco and
Saciamento,in the State of California, in the years
1858 and 1859, praying the passage of the Pacific
railroad bill. I move that it lie on the table, and
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
lio on the tabic; and the motion to print will be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
been charged with several petitions, which I take
pleasure in presenting to the Senate. Here is a
petition from citizens of the State of Massachu-
setts:
The undersigned, citizens of the State of Massachusetts,
believing that the proposition of Hon. John J. Crittenden,
of Kentucky, presents a practical basis for the settlement
ot the questions now dibiuibing the peace of the country,
respectfully pray that the same may be adopted.
Here is a petition on the same subject from
citizens of Grand Rapids, in the State of Michi-
gan, without distinction of party, presenting the .
same appeal and prayer to the Senate. Here is
another, addressed to the Senate and House of
Representatives:
The undersigned, citizens and voters, residents of Her-
kimer county, in the State of New York, solemnly beg and
entreat that Congress will pass the Crittenden resolutions,
and give us the opportunity to vote on and decide at the
ballot-box the constitutional amendments in those resolu-
tions embraced; and your memorialists will ever pray.
Next is a petition of citizens of the State of
Michigan, who, without distinction of party, re-
spectfully memorialize the Congress of the United
States to adopt my resolutions, as a reasonable
and just basis for the adjustment of the national
difficulties which now distract, impoverish, and
demoralize th# country; or, congressional adjust-
ment proving impracticable, then to refer directly
to the people of all the States, for their action, the
Crittenden propositions, so called.
I have another petition from citizens of the
State of Michigan, to the same effect precisely.
Here is another, also from citizens of Michigan,
in the same language; another from citizens of the
same State, to the same effect; another from cit-
izens of the same State, to the same effect; an-
other from citizens of the same State, to the same
effect. It is a very patriotic State that is coming
up, Mr. President. I move that all these peti-
tions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill of which notice
has not been given, for the purpose of having it
printed and laid on the tables of Senators.
*Leavc was granted; and the bill (S. No. 549)
amendatory of, and supplemental to, the acts
approved February 12, 1793, and September 18,
1850, in respect to fugitives from justice, and
from service, was read the first and second times
Mr. DOUGLAS, f move that it lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. MASON. Does the Senator propose to
refer it ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall be prepared to refer
it, if any Senator wants it referred, after it shall
have been printed.
Mr. MASON. I think it ought to be referred.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing to refer it now,
if Senators wish it. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 811) for the relief of H. Bledsoe,
William Bryson,William C.Scott, William Doty,
and others, reported it with an amendment, and
recommended its passage.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. ,920) for the relief of Marvin M.
Hick ox and A. M. Pettingill, of Vigo county,
Indiana, reported it without amendment, and rec-
ommended its passage.
MRS. E. A. LINN.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed
to intoim the Senate if he lias executed the order ot the
Senate in favor of Mrs. E. A. Linn, widow of the late
Lewis F. Linn, formerly a member of this body, passed
March 20, 18G0; and if he has not, the reason why.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. PITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred the following resolution, re-
port it back, having filled the blanks, and recom-
mend its adoption:
Resolved, That there be printed six thousand copies of
the report of the Commissioner of Pubfic Lands—five thou-
sand for the use of the Senate and one thousand for the use
ot the Geneial Land Office.
