588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Ft
Perhaps it was, in that day, of some value. In
the days of our ancestors, before the Parliament
of Great Britain, it had occasionally exorcised a
great influence. I believe that it has very much
iost that power now; but still it is a privilege and
a right secured by the Constitution. The people
have aright to petition Congress according to the
■Constitution. What is the meaning of that, Mr.
President? Was this right deemed a matter of
substance, or was it intended as a mere formula,
to'he exercised in a particular mode or in a par-
ticular phraseology—" I pray the honorable Sen-
ate;" 441 beg the honorable Senate;" "I desire
to make known to the honorable Senate ?" Will
all these forms be embraced by the general lan-
guage of the Constitution under the right of peti-
tion ? We know that this right of petition is
frequently exercised in the most positive and man-
datory language that is consistent with respect to
the body, and it may well be so. It is the lan-
guage not of supplicants. The Constitution never
intended that our people should become suppli-
cants, before they could have the privilege of ex-
pressing their opinion to their representatives,
t intended that the doors should be kept open, by
which the people might speak in what language
they pleased, provided it was respectful to their
representatives, to let them know what the pub-
lic voice was. This is the substance of the right
of petition. It is the right of freemen, to be ex-
ercised like freemen, and not the language of mere
supplicants who come with formal prayers in their
mouths. Well, sir, if this is the true sense and
understanding of the constitutional right of peti-
tion—an appeal to their representatives in Con-
gress—I ask what more effective, what more brief
mode can be adopted than that which these per-
son* have adopted? There is a great measure
■depending before Congress. They express their
opinions upon that great subject, and they ask
that that expression of their opinion may be pre-
sented to the Senate of their country, and to the
House of Representatives.
Now, sir, is not that a petition in the sense of
the Constitution? How are you to distinguish
between this and any other mode of appeal to
the Senate, in writing, by the citizen? They
ask me to present it to the Senate. They ask in
•eflcct and impliedly, if the Senate will receive
this expression of their opinion. You can make
.nothing more of it, sir; and unless we intend, by
technical constructions and rigorous prescriptions
of the rules, to confine the people to as precise a
mode of coming before the Senate as possible, to
make it a narrow and a difficult road, we shall
never be very careful about the form or language
in which the people express themselves. They
have a light to be heard when they express a de-
sire to be heard. Have they not here expressed
desire to be heard? Unquestionably they have.
It iy said that there has been a case like this
which has been decided otherwise. Perhaps that
may have been. I lecollect nothing of the case.
I take it for granted that it isjustexactlyas gen-
tlemen have stated. That is one case. Another
ease was supposed to exist, of resolutions of a
convention m Kentucky. Theirrusolutions, how-
ever, did not express any wish that they should
be presented to the Senate of the United States;
had not that in contemplation. Certainly that is
no expicsMon of any wish or of any petition. It
could not therefore be heard by the Senate under
the right of petition, or presented to the Senate.
But here is the contrary; here is the expiess
wish and opinion that it shall be presented; and
I leave it to the Senate—now that it is brought up
again, and perhaps has received somewhat more
consideration from Senators than it did on a former
occasion—to say whether the right of the people
shall bo constrained and diminished, and cut down
to a particular form or mode of expression, before
they can be allowed to be heard by their own
Senators or their own Representatives. I think,
instead of contracting, we should enlarge and keep
-open all sorts of communication with the people;
and that the Constitution of the United States so
intended, when it regarded this as a matter of con-
sequence enough to be made a constitutional pro-
vision, that the people should be heard upon their
petitions.
"The right of petition" is but parliamentary
language. It is the right of the people to appeal
to, and make known their opinions to their rep-
resentatives in writing. That js the whole amount
of it; and if it does Ji^^amount to that, it is the
poor, miserable, pitiful right of supplicants to
come with folded arms, and bowed heads, and
bated breath, before Congress, and beg and sup-
plicate. I hope no such doctrine will prevail here j
and if ever such a decision has been given as has
been alluded to, that it will never be repeated in
the Senate. Sir, I do not wish to occupy the time
of the Senate longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question to
be determined is, "Will the Senate receive the
paper; and shall it be read?" *
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I agree with the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, as far as I have had the good
fortune to hear him, that the right of the citizen
to petition Congress for a redress of grievances,
taken from the old laws securing civil liberty in
England, is one that is to be-jealously guarded
and preserved; yet I do not sec the propriety, but
1 sen great impropriety, in setting a precedent by
which any citizens of any of the United States,
expressing their opinions, as opinions, either by a
separate meeting, as was done by these gentle-
men, or otherwise, may send communications to
the Senate or to the House of Representatives
as expressive of the individual opinions of the
citizens who express them. If that course were
pursued, it seems to me that it would lead and
invite into a degeneration of this sacred right of
petition, which is secured by our Constitution,
and which we should ev^er cherish.
It seems from the paper, as far as I heard it
read, and from the newspapers out of doors, that
these gentlemen,who are certainly very respectable
gentlemen, assembled at Washington to determ-
ine upon matters pertaining to the trusts com-
mitted to them respectively by these railroad com-
panies. They came here on no public errand
whatever. They came here to consider their
mutual interests m reference to the uulroad trusts
that had been committed to their charge; and
being here, departing from the puipose of their
mission to Washington, they organized them-
selves into a meeting in one of the parlors of one
of the hotehs and expressed their individual opin-
ions, undoubtedly entitled to weight and consid-
eration by those who know the gentlemen and
know the value of their opinions. I do not know
any of them, except one; I think I know one,
personally. I doubt not their opinions are enti-
tled to respect, but as the opinions of individual
men. I might as well, as a citizen of Virginia,
address a note to a member of Congress, and say,
" Such are my opinions; will you be good enough
to lay them before the House of Representatives
or the Senate I think it is a departure from
the rule which protects the right of petition. The
Senate has acted on this view. The other day,
as I said just now, I received from one of the
counties of my State, information that a meeting
had been held theie, and that the opinions of the
meeting had been expressed on matters of great
public interest. Whether a resolution was adopted
asking that they should be presented to the Sen-
ate or not, I do not know; but I received a letter
from a member of that meeting—I think the chair-
man—asking me to present them to the Senate. 1
replied to him, that 1 should do so with pleasure,
but that the Senate at this session had declined
receiving papers of that kind. I should not feel
at liberty, therefore, to vote for this, having my-
self declined to run counter to the action of the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I look upon this
as a question of some importance. Sanction this
precedent, receive these proceedings, ancl my
word for it your files will be encumbered with the
proceedings of every little caucus thatisholden
from one end of this Union to the other. They
will come here by the dozen from New England,
and from the great West, and everywhere else.
This is not the place for them. Our rules are ex-
plicit. I think i will go as far as the Senator from
Kentucky in favor of the right of petition, or the
right of instruction, or any other right, but as a
matter of public convenience to the hodv, I ask
that the Senate adhere to the rule it has'always
acted upon. I think I can say, without fear of
contradiction, that tins question has been raised
every year that I have been a member of the Sen-
ate, and that whenever the attention of the Senate
has been called to it, they have uniformly refused
to receive the proceedings, not from any want of
respect to the gentlemen that express the opinions,
or hold the meeting; and certainly the honorable
Senator from Kentucky does not want me to dis-
claim that it is from no want of respect to him; for
if I have any error towards him, it is that I re-
spect him too much, and have so profound a rev-
erence for his character, that sometimes the win-
ning tones of his voice make me vote as he would,
contrary to the convictions of my own under-
standing. That is the danger. But, sir, I do want,
while the Senate lasts, that it shall conduct its
business upon the principle that it always has pur-
sued, and that is, to receive petitions,memorials,
addresses, or anything of that sort, respectfully
addressed to it; but if you are going to go further
than that, and let every meeting that is got up
anywhere, pass a resolution requesting its pro-
ceedings to be laid before the Senate and receive
them, you will have to make new accommo-
dations to pile away your papers. Every time
you gointo the Secretary's office, you see a pretty
large space that is reserved for the files, taken up
by a mammoth petition of three thousand clergjy-
men, remonstrating against the passage of the Ne-
braska bill. Adopt this principle, and you will
have the proceedings of every little caucus from
one end of the Union to the other sent here, and
the Senate, in short, will be made a sort of pile
of the records of the caucuses of different parties
holden from one end of the Union to the other.
It seems to me the only rule of safety is for the
Senate of the United States to persevere in the
course'it has heretofore adopted, without any
regard to the parties or sections, or whether the
meeting be composed of railroad presidents, or
superintendents, or any other class. You will get
yourselves into difficulty by receiving them. The
ndkt thing will be that the railroad conductors
will come on here, and they will have a meeting,
and they will ask that their proceedings may be
put on your files; and if you have taken the pres-
idents and superintendents, you must take the
moceodings of the conductors, and next, of the
rpasscngers. How often is it, in every presiden-
i tial contest, that a car full of passengers take a
vote and express their opinions on the Presidency?
The next thing will be that they will pass a res-
olution that that vote be sent to the Senate and
placed on its files. Now, let me assure the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky that the zeal of his
patriotism has outrun his judgment on this ques-
tion, in my humble opinion, and that the course
for us to pursue is to keep on as we have always
done.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the yeas and
nays have been called for on this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have been
ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I will barely state that on
this occasion, as on every other since I have been
in legislative life, I think, I shall vote for the re-
ception of this paper. It is a maxim with me,
derived from an old song, I think:
(i A health to linn that would read ;
A health to him that would wute ;
None evei fcais that the truth be told,
But him that tlie truth would indict.''
I do not care in what way they come, whether
they come as petitioners, or whether they come
in public assemblages. 1 do not remember exactly
the language of the Constitution; but I believe the
Constitution guaranties the right of the people to
assemblearidconsiderpublicaffairs; and if that isa
right valuable for any thing, to be used for anything,
it is to enable them to present their Representatives,
their delegates, their agents, their reflections upon
public affairs. I should, perhaps, feel some deli-
cacy about this matter, if it were not that I have
always actcd upon the same principle, and on
both the occasions referred to within the present
session, I was in favor of receiving the papers
presented. It does not make any difference to
me whether they come from presidents of railroads
or directors of rail roads, or conductors of railroads,
or passengers of railroads, or workmen of rail-
roads; I think that it is respectful, it is consistent
with the genius of our Government, and it will
tend to public harmony, and to the best results, to
allow the people always to address the two Houses
of Congress whenever they do so m language of
respect and consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the yeas
and nays having been ordered, it seems the fash-
