I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....2d Sbss.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
authorizing the State Department to settle these
claims, and to deduct the amount of the Amistad
claim from the sums which they are fen tilled to
receive from Spam. This offer, of course, can-
not be accepted.
All other claims of citizens of the United States
against Spain, or of subjects of the Q,ueen of
Spain against the United States, including the
"Amistad claim," were by this convention re-
ferred to a board of commissioners in the usual
form. Neither the validity of the Amistad claim,
nor of any other claim against either party, with
the single exception of the Cuban claims, was
recognized by the convention, indeed, the Span-
ish Government did not insist that the validity of
the Amistad claim should be thus recognized,
notwithstanding its payment had been recom-
mended to Congress by two of my predecessors,
as well as by myself, and an appropriation for
that purpose had passed the Senate of the United
States. They were content that it should be sub-
mitted to the board for examination and decision,
like the other claims. Both Governments were
bound respectively to pay the amounts awarded
to the several claimants, "at such times and
places as may be fixed by and according to the
tenor of said awards."
I transmitted this convention to the Senate for
their constitutional action, on the 3d May, 1860;
and on the 27th of the succeeding June, they
determined that they would 44 not advise and
consent'"to its ratification.
These proceedings place our relations with
Spam in ail awkward and embarrassing position,
it is more than probable that the final adjustment
of these claims will devolve upon my successor.
1 reiterate the recommendation contained in my
annual message of December, 1858, and repeated
m that of December, 1859, in favor of the acqui-
sition of Cuba from Spam by fair purchase. I
fiimly believe thatsuch an acquisition would con-
tribute essentially to the well-being and prosper-
ity of both countries in allfuture time, as weil as
prove the certain means of immediately abolish-
ing the African slave trade throughout the world.
1 would not repeat this recommendation upon the
present occasion if I believed that the transfer
of Cuba to the United States, upon conditions
highly favoiable to Spain, could justly tarnish the
national honor of the proud and ancient Spanish
monarchy. Surely no person ever attributed to
the first Napoleon a disregard of the national
honor of France for transferring Louisiana to the
United States for a fair equivalent both in money
and commercial advantages.
Austria, Sfc.
With the Emperor of Austria, and the remain-
ing continental Powers of Europe, including that
of the Sultan, our relations continue to be of the
most friendly character.
China.
The friendly and peaceful policy pursued by
the Government of the United States towards the
Empire of China has produced the most satis-
factory results. The treaty of Tientsin of the
18th June, 1858, has been faithfully observed
by the Chinese authorities. The convention of
the 8th November, 1858, supplementary to this
treaty, for the adjustment and satisfaction of the
claims of our citizens on China, leferred to in my
last annual message, has been already carried into
effect, so far as this was practicable.
Under this convention the sum of 500,000 taels
—equal to about seven hundred thousand dollars
—was stipulated to be paid in satisfaction of the
claims of American citizens out of the one-fifth of
the receipts for tonnage importand expoit duties
on American vesseisatthe ports of Canton,Shang- \
hae, and Fuchau; and it was 4k agiced that tins I
amount shall be in full liquidation of all claims
of American citizens at ihe various ports to this
date." Debentuies for this amount—to wit:
300,000 taels for Canton, 100,000 for Shanghae,
and 100,000 for Fuciiau—were delivered accord-
ing to tiie teims of the convention by the respect-
ive Chinese coilectots of the customs of these
ports, to the agent selected by our minister to
receive the same.
Since tii.d tmio the claims of our citizens have
been adjusted by the board of commissioners ap-
pointed tor that purpose undci the act of March
3,1859; and their awards, which proved satisfac-
tory to the claimants, have been approved by our
minister. In the aggregate they amount to the
sum of $498,694 78. The claimants have already
received a large proportion of the sums awarded to
them out of the fund provided; and it is confidently
expected that the remainder will ere long be en-
tirely paid. After the awards shall have been
satisfied, there will remain a surplus of more than
two hundred thousand dollars at the disposition
of Congress. As this will in equity belong to
the Chinese Government, would not justice re-
quire its appropriation to some benevolent object
in which the Chinese may be specially inter-
ested?
Our minister to China, in obedience to his in-
structions, has remained perfectly neutral in the
war between Great Britain and France and the
Chinese Empire; although, in conjunction with
the Russian minister, he was ever ready and will-
ing, had the opportunity offered, to employ his
good offices in restoring peace between the par-
ties. It is but an act of simple justice, both to
our present minister and his predecessor, to state
that they have proved fully equal to the delicate,
trying,and responsible positions in which they
have on diffetent occasions been placed.
Japan.
The ratifications of the treaty with Japan con-
cluded at Yedo on the 29th July, 185S, were ex-
changed at Washington on the 22d May iast, and
the treaty itself was proclaimed on the succeeding
day. There is good reason to expect that, under
its protection and influence, our trade and inter-
couisc with that distant and interesting people
will rapidly increase.
The ratifications of the treaty were exchanged
with unusual solemnity. For this purpose the
Tycoon had accredited three of his most distin-
guished subjects as envoys extraordinary and
mmisteis plenipotentiary, who were ieceived and
treated with marked distinction and kindness both
by the Government arid people of the United
States. There is every reason to believe thatihey
have returned to their native land entirely satis-
fied with their visit, and inspired by the most
friendly feelings for our country. Lot us ardently
hope, in the language of the treaty itself, that
44 there shall henceforward be perpetual peace and
friendship between the United States of'America
and his Majesty the Tycoon of Japan and his
successors."
Brazil.
With the wise, conservative, and liberal Gov-
ernment of the Empire of Brazil our relations con-
tinue to be of the most amicable character.
jveio Granada.
The exchange of the ratifications of the con-
vention with the Republic of New Granada,signed
at Washington on the 10th September, 1857, has
been long delayed, from accidental causes, for
which neither party is censurable. These ratifi-
cations were duly exchanged in this city on the
5th November last. Thus has a controveisy
been amicably ternvnated which had become so
serious at the period of my inauguration as to re-
quire me, on the 17th April, 1857, to direct 'our
minister to demand his passports and return to
the United States.
Under this convention the Government of New
Granada has specially acknowledged itself to be
responsible to our citizens "for damages which
were caused by the not at Panama on the 15th
April, 1^56." These claims, together with other
claims of our citizens, which had been long urged
in vain, are referred, for adjustment, to a board
of commissioners. I submit a copy of the con-
vention to Congress, and recommend the legisla-
tion necessary to carry it into effect.
Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
Persevering cffoits have been made for the
adjustment of the claims of American citizens
against the Government of Costa Rica; and I am
happy to uifoim you that these have finally pre-
vailed. A convention was signed at the city of
San Jose, on the 2d July last, between the min-
ister resident of the Umted States in Costa Rica
and the plenipotentiaries of that* lepublic, refer-
ring these claims to a boaid of commissioneis,
and pioviding foi the payment of their awards,
This convention will be submitted immediately to
the Senate for their constitutional action.
The claims of our citizens upon the Republic
of Nicaragua have not yet been provided for by
treaty, although diligent efforts for this purpose
have been made by our minister resident to that
Republic. These are still continued, with a fair
prospect of success.
Mexico.
Our relations with Mexico remain in a most
unsatisfactory condition. In my last two annual
messages I discussed extensively the subject of
these relations, and do not now propose to repeat
at length the facts and arguments then presented
They proved conclusively that our citizens
residing in Mexico, and our merchants trading
thereto, had suffered a series of wrongs and out-
rages such as wc have never patiently borne from
any other nation. For these our successivc min-
isters, invoking the faith of treaties, had, in the
name of their country, persistently demanded re-
dress and indemnification, but without the slight-
est effect. Indeed, so confident had the Mexican
authorities become of our patient endurance, that
they universally believed they might commit these
outrages upon American citizens with absolute
impunity. Thus wrote our, minister in 1856,
anu expressed the opinion that " nothing but a
manifestation of the power of the Government,
and of its purpose to punish these wrongs, will
avail."
Afterwards, in 1857, came the adoption of anew
constitution for Mexico, the election of a Presi-
dent and Congress under its provisions, and the
inauguration of the President. Within one short
month, ho we ver, this President was expelled from
the capital by a rebellion in the army, and the
supreme power of the Republic was assigned to
General Zuloaga. This usurper was in his turn
soon compelled to retire and gi\e place to Gen-
eral Miraiiion
Under the constitution which had thus been
adopted, Sefior Juarez?ras chief justice of the
supreme court, became the lawful President of
the Republic; and it was for the maintenance of
the constitution, and his authonty derived from
it, that the civil war commenced, and still con-
tinues to be prosecuted.
Throughout the year 1858 the constitutional
party grew stronger and stronger. In the pre-
vious history of Mexico, a successful military
revolution at the capital had almost universally
been the signal for submission throughout the
Republic. Not so on the present occasion. A
majority of the citizens persistently sustained the
constitutional Government. When this was rec-
ognized in April, 1859, by the Government of the
United States, its authonty extended over a large
majority of the Mexican States and people, in-
cluding Vera Cruz and all the other important
sea-ports of the Republic. From that period our
commerce with Mexico began to revive, and the
constitutional Government has afforded it all the
protection in their power.
Meanwhile the government of Miramon still
held sway at the capital and over the surrounding
country, and continued its outrages against the
few American citizens who still had the courage
to remain within its power. To cap the climax,
after the battle of Tacubaya, in April, 1859, Gen-
eral Marquez ordered three citizcns of the United
States, two of them physicians, to be seized in
the hospital at that place, taken out and shot,
without crime and without trial. This was done,
notwithstanding our unfortunate countrymen
were at the moment engaged m the holy cause of
affording relief to the soldiers of both parties who
had been wounded in the battle, without making
any distinction between them.
The time had arrived, in my opinion, when
this Government was bound to exert its power to
avenge and redress the wrongs of our citizens and
to afford them protection in Mexico. The inter-
posing obstacle was that the portion of the coun-
try under the sway of Miramon could not be
reached without passing over territory under the
jurisdiction of the constitutional Gove! nment.
Under these circumstances, I deemed it my duty
to lecommend to Congress, in my last annual
message, the employment of a sufficient military
force to penetrate into the interior, where the
