APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
government of Miramon was to be found, with,
or, if need be, without the consent of the Juarez
Government, though it was not doubted that this
consent could be obtained. Never have I had a
clearer conviction on any subject, than of the
justice as well as wisdom of such a policy. No
other alternative was left, exccpt the entire aban-
donment of our fellow-citizens who had gone to
Mexico, under the faith of treaties, to the system-
atic injustice, cruelty, and oppression of Mira-
nion's government. Besides, it is almost certain
that the simple authority to employ this force
■would of itself have accomplished all our ob jects
without striking a single blow. The constitu-
tional Government would then, ere this, have been
established at the city of Mexico, and would have
been ready and willing, to the extent of its abil-
ity, to do us justice.
in addition—and I deem this a most import-
ant consideration—European Governments would
have been deprived of all pretext to interfere in
the territorial and domestic concerns of Mexico.
We should thus have been relieved from the obli-
gation of resisting, even by force should this be-
come necessary, any attempt by these Govern-
ments to deprive our neighboring republic of
portions of her territory—a duty from which we
could not shrink without abandoning the tradi-
tional and established policy of the American
people. 1 am happy to observe, that, firmly re-
lying upon the justice and good faith of these
Governments, there is no piesent danger that
such a contingency will happen.
Having discovered 'that my recommendations
would not be sustained by Congress, the next
alternative was to accomplish, in some degree, if
possible, the same objects by treaty stipulations
with the constitutional Government. Such trea-
ties were accordingly concluded by our late able
and excellent minister to Mexico,and on the 4th
January last were submitted to the Senate for
ratification. As these have not yet received the
final action of that body, it would be improper
for me to present a detailed statement of their
provisions. Still, I may he permitted to express
the opinion in advance,that they are calculated
to promote the agricultural, manufacturing,and
commercial interests of the country, and to se-
cure our just influence with an adjoining repub-
lic, as to'whose fortunes and hue we can never
feel indifferent; while at the same time they pro-
vide for the payment of a considerable amount
towards the satisfaction of the chums of our in-
jured fellow-citizens.
Kansas and Utah.
At the period of my inauguration I was con-
fronted in Kansas by a revolutionary government,
existing under what is called the Topeka consti-
tution. Its avowed object was to subdue the ter-
ritorial government by force, and to inaugurate
what was called the Topeka government in its
stead. To accomplish tins object an extensive
inilitai y organization was formed, and its com-
mand intrusted to the most violent revolutionary
leaders. Under these circumstances, it became
my imperative duty to exert the whole constitu-
tional power of the Executive to prevent the
flames of civil war from again raging in Kansas,
which, m the excited state of the public mind,
both North and South, might have extended into
the neighboring States.
The hostile parties in Kansas had been inflamed
against each other by emissaries both from the
North and the South, to a degree of malignity
without parallel m our history. To prevent ac-
tual collision, and to assist the civil magistrates
in enforcing the laws, a strong detachment of the
Army was stationed in the Territory, ready to
aid the marshal and his deputies, when lawfully
called upon, as a posse comitatus in the execution
of civil and criminal process.
Still, the troubles in Kansas could not have
been permanently settled without an election by
the people. The ballot-box is the surest arbiter
of disputes among freemen. Under this convic-
tion, every proper effort was employed to induce
the hostile parties to vote at the election of dele-
gates to frame a State constitution, and afterwards
at the election to decide whether Kansas should
be a slave or a free State. The insurgent party
refused to vote at either, lest this might be con-
sidered a recognition on their part of the territorial
government established by Congress. A better
spirit, however, seemed soon after to prevail, and
the two parties met face to face at the third elec-
tion, held on the first Monday of January, 1858,
for members of the Legislature and State officers
under the Lecompton constitution. The result
was the triumph of the anti-slavery party at the
polls. This decision of the ballot-box proved
clcarly that this party were in the majority, and
removed the danger of civil war. From that time
we have heard little or nothing of the Topeka
government; and all serious danger of revolution-
ary troubles in Kansas was then at an end.
The Lecompton constitution, which had been
thus recognized at this State election by the votes
of both political parties in Kansas, was trans-
mitted to me with the request that 1 should
present it to Congress. This I could not have
refused to do without violating my clearest and
strongest convictions of duty. The constitution,
and all the proceedings which preceded and fol-
lowed its formation, were fair and regular on
their face. I then believed, and experience has
proved, that the interests of the people of Kansas
would have Jjeen best consulted by its admission
as a State into the Union, especially as the ma-
jority, within a brief period, could have amended
the constitution accoi ding to their will and pleas-
uic. If fraud existed in all or any of these pro-
ceedings, it was not for the President, but for
Congress, to investigate and determine the ques-
tion of fraud, and what ought to be its conse-
quences. If, at the first two elections, the ma-
jority refused to vote, it cannot be pretended that
this refusal to exercise the elective franchise
could invalidate an election fairly held under
lawful authority, even if they had not subse-
quently voted at the third election. It is true
that the whole constitution had not been submit-
ted to the people, as 1 always desired*, but the
precedents are numerous of the admission of
States into the Union without such submission.
It would not comport with my present purpose
to review the proceedings of Congress upon the
Lecompton constitution. It is sufficient to ob-
seive that their final action has removed the last
vestige of serious revolutionary troubles. The
desperate band recently assembled under a noto-
rious outlaw, in tiie southern portion of the Ter-
ritory, to resist the execution of the laws, and to
plunder peaceful citizens, will, I doubt not, be
speedily subdued and brought to justice.
Had I treated the Lecompton constitution as a
nullity and refused to transmit it to Congress, it
is not difficult to imagine, whilst recalling the
position of the country at that moment, what
would have been the disastrous consequences,
both m and out of the Territory, from such a
dereliction of duty on the pai t of the Executive.
Peace has also been restored within the Terri-
tory of Utah, which, at the commencement of my
administration, was in a state of open rebellion.
This was the more dangerous, as the people, an-
imated by a fanatical spirit ami intrenched within
their distant mountain fastnesses, might have
made a long and formidable resistance. Cost
what it might, it was necessary to bring them
into subjection to the Constitution and the laws.
Sound policy, therefore, as well as humanity,
required that this object should, if possible, be ac-
complished without the effusion of blood. This
could only be effected by sending a military force
into the Territory sufficiently strong to convince
the people that resistance would be hopeless, and
at the same time to offer them a pardon for past
offenses on condition of immediate submission to
the Government. This policy was pursued with
eminent success; and the only cause for regret is
the heavy expenditure required to march a large
detachment of the Army to that remote region,
and to furnish it subsistence. Utah is now com-
paratively peaceful and quiet, and the military
force has been withdrawn, except that portion of
it necessary to keep the Indians m check and to
protect the emigrant trains on their way to our
Pacific possessions.
Finances.
In my first annual message I promised to em-
ploy my best exertions, in cooperation with Con-
gress, to reduce the expenditures of the Govern-
ment within the limits of a "wise and judicious
economy. An overflowing Treasury had pro-
duced habits of prodigality and extravagance
which could only be gradually corrected. The
work required both time and patience. I applied
myself diligently to this task from the beginning,
and was aided by the able and energetic efforts of
the heads of the different Executive Departments.
The result of our labors in this good cause did
not appear in the sum total of our expenditures
for the first two years, mainly in consequence of
the extraordinary expenditure necessarily in-
curred in the Utah expedition, and the very large
amount of the contingent expenses of Congress
during this period. These greatly exceeded the
pay and mileage of the members. For the year
ending 30tli June, 1858, while the pay and mile-
age amounted to $1,490,214, the contingent ex-
penses rose to $2,093,309 79, and for the year
ending 30th June, 1859, whilst the pay and mile-
age amounted to $859,093 66, the contingent ex-
penses amounted to $1,431,565 78. I am happy,
however, to be able to inform you that during
the last fiscal year, ending on the 30th June, 1860,
the total expenditures of the Government in all
its branches—legislative, executive, and judicial
—exclusive of the public debt, were reduced to
the sum of $55,402,465 46. This conclusively
appears from the books of the Treasury. In the
year ending on the 30th June, 1858, the total ex-
penditure, exclusive of the public debt, amounted
to $71.901,129 77, and that for the year ending
30th June, 1859, to $66,346,226 13. While the
books of the Treasury show an actual expend-
iture of $59,848,474 72 for the year ending
on the 30th June, 1860, including #1,040,667 71
for the contingent expenses of Congress, there
must be deducted from this amount the sum
of $4,296,009,26, with the interest upon it of
$150,000, appropriated by the act of 15th Febru-
ary, 1860, ii for the purpose of supplying the
deficiency in the revenues, and defraying the ex-,
penses of the Post Office Departmentforthe year
ending the 30th June, 1859." This sum, there-
fore, justly chargeable to the year 1859, must be
deducted from ihe sum of $59,848,474 72, in order
to ascertain the expenditure for the year ending
on the 30th June, 1860, which leaves a balance
forthe expenditures of thatyeai of $55,402,465 46.
The interest on the public debt, including Treas-
ury notes, for the same fiscal year ending on the
30th Juno, I860, amounted to $3,177,314 62,
which, added to the above sum of $55,402,465 46,
makes the aggregate of $58,579,780 08.
It ought in justice to be observed that several
of the estimates from the Departments for the
year ending 30th June, 1860, were reduced by
Congress below what was and still is deemed
compatible with the public, interest. Allowing a
libeial margin of $2,500,000 for this reduction,
and for other causes, it may be safely asserted that
the sum of $61,000,000, or at the most $62,000,000,
is amply sufficient to administer the government
and to pay the interest on the public debt, unless
contingent events should hereafter render extraor-
dinary expenditures necessary.
This result has been attained in a considerable
degree by the care exercised by the appropriate
Departments in entering into public contiacts. I
have myself never interfered with the award of
any such contract except in a single case with the
Colonization Society, deeming it advisable to
cast the whole responsibility in each case on the
proper head of the Department, with the general
instruction that these contracts should always be
given to the lowest and best bidder. It has ever
been my opinion that public contracts arc not a
legitimate source of .patronage to be conferred
upon personal or political favorites; but that in
all such cases a public officcr is bound to act for
the Government as a prudent individual would act
for himself.
•African Slave Trade, fyc.
It is with great satisfaction I communicate the
fact, that, since the date of my last annual mes-
sage, not a single slave has been imported into
the United States in violation of the laws prohib-
iting the African slave trade. This statement is
founded upon a thorough examination and inves-
tigation of the subject. Indeed, the spirit which
prevailed some time since among a portion of our
