590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
The resolutions were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MISSION OF PEACE FUOM.VIRGUNIA.
Mr. MASON. I now renew my motion.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me to
present a petition?
Mr. MASON. I would cheerfully yield, but
I suppose there are many other petitions. I ask
that the message be read.
The Secretary read the President's message.
Mr. MASON. The resolutions of the Legis-
lature, I believe, accompany the message. I ask
that they also may be read.
The Secretary read them.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I move that the
message, together with the accompanying docu-
ments, be printed. I make the motion in order
to enable me, with the permission of the Senate,
to say a few words upon the message. I shall
subsequently ask that they be laid upon the table
as well as printed.
The message of the President communicates to
the Senate certain resolutions adopted by the Gen-
eral Assembly of Virginia, now in session, ex-
pressive of the sense and earnest desire of that
State, so far as that sense can be expressed by the
legislative body, in regard to the gioat move-
ment which has already separated the States of
this Union. They were not communicated to the
Senate by the General Assembly of Virginia; but,
as shown by one of the resolutions, they were
communicated officially and formally to the Pres-
ident of the United States by the General Assem-
bly ofVirginia. As an evidence of what Virginia
conceives to be the magnitude and importance of
the occasion, as well expressed by the President
in hts message, Virginia thought it an occasion
to bring from a dignified and honored letnement
one of her sons, who had enjoyed not the confi-
dence of Vnginia alone, by being elevated to the
highest posts in the public service of that State,
but who subsequently became, through the vote
of nil the States, the Piesudent of the United
States; an honorable mission confided to honora-
ble hands.
The purpose of the resolutions, Mr. President,
is twofold: first, to infoun the President that Vir-
ginia has undei taken the office of mediating be-
tween the two great sections of the country, in
the hope that measures might be devised which, if
they could not avert that which had already hap-
pened—the dissolution of the Union of the States—
might be the means of healing that rupture, and
of restoring the Union under guarantees and pro-
visions that might be satisfactory to both sections.
The next object of the resolutions was, to induce
the President of the United States, as the execu-
tive department of this Government, so far as lay
with him, to refrain from any act which might
bring into collision the public power of the United
States with tlie public power of the States that
have seceded, from a knowledge that, if such col-
lision once ensued, it would be beyond the power
of any mortal man toaveit that greatest of all
catastrophes to this country and to mankind—
civil war between the States of this Union and the
people of those other States. It was a great mis-
sion which Vnginia has thus instituted m the hope
expressed by the r( solutions: that this existing
rupture of the States might be healed, and that
every effort should be made m the mean time to
avoid that greatest catastrophe—civil war. The
President, in communicating those resolutions to
Congress, has responded to the spirit of the Gen-
eral Assembly, and has expressed the earnest
hope that the objects of the Genoa! Assembly
may be attained by Congress refraining from any
act. which would tend to lead to that collision.
Mr, President, it is known that Virginia has
participated in this movement as one of the States
affected. Her General Assembly was called into
special session immediately after Congress met,
and the first act of that General Assembly was to
summon the people of the State in convention.
That convention is to meet within three weeks
from this time—I think the day is the 13th of Feb-
ruary—and the great purpose of Viigmki in the
mission that she has instituted now, to Washing-
ton, is to induce the Federal authorities to refrain
from any act which shall complicate and irretrieva-
bly complicate the existing issues between the
North and the South. How is that to be done?
The President has said m his message that very
little power rests with him; that he considers it
his duty, a duty incumbentupon his office, to pro-
vide for the security of the public property so far
as it maybe within his power; he has no author-
ity to initiate any act of hostility, and disclaims
any purpose of doingsoifitwere within his power.
I trust, sir, that this great object of Virginia, in
preserving the public peace between the opposing
sections, for the time'being at least, may be suc-
cessful. We know the Senate has been officially
informed that, of the thirty-three States that con-
stituted this Union, sixhavo separated themselves
from it by formal acts of the political community
in each State, transacted as a political commu-
nity. That is a fact accomplished. Those States
declare that they are now no longer members of
this Confederacy. None can doubt, 1 presume,
from the evidences before our senses almost, that
other States are to follow. The great object of
Virginia in the mission instituted by these reso-
lutions to Congress, or to the President more prop- ;
erly—for they were addressed only to hnn—is to
preserve the public peace, in the hope, as ex-
pressed in the resolutions, that if it be the pleas-
ure of the other States to send commissioners j
here to meet those delegated by Virginia, they i
may devise some additional amendment to the j
Constitution in some form that will guaranty the !
rights of the minority section , which will be found j
acceptable to all the southern States,and may even |
win back those who have separated themselves
from the Union; or if that cannot be done, and if,
in the providencc of the Almighty, it should be
decreed that the existing confederation is to be
permanently dissolved, still that the peace of this
great continent shall be preserved notwithstand-
ing; and if it shall result that these controverted
questions are of a character which will admit of
no solution satisfactoiy to the minority section,
I still that the peace of the continent shalj be pre-
served notwithstanding, and opportunity allowed
for that great fund of good sense which is found
in every section to interpose and lake up the sub-
ject as it may be found by events, and see if the
existing Union cannot be restored, or jf some
other foim of union, m the natuic of a reconstruc-
tion, cannot be devised, which, while it would in-
sure the sccunty of all, mnjoi i ties and mmonties,
would conduce to the great interests, the perma-
nent interests, the abiding interests of the great
people who are diffused all over the States. That
is the ulterior end.
It is a great and an honorable office winch my
honored and venerated State has undertaken.
Should it unfortunately occur, however, either
from impatience in the States that have separated,
or from any undue and over zeal in any department
of the Federal Government, that the two sections
should be brought into collision, there is an end
of all negotiation. Men never negotiate in war.
There must be a peace first. If there be any hon-
able Senator on this floor, or any citizen of any
one of* the States, who, under existing events, yet
indulges the belief that an attempt to enforce the
Federal laws in the States that havedeclared them-
selves beyond the Federal jurisdiction is not an
act which leads to war, and to war alone, never was
such a Senator or such a citizen mou-dcluded. I
have had occasion to say ho heretofore. I speak
it now, sir, certainly not in anger; but I should
speak it in sorrow, if I conld be brought to eon-
template such an event.
I think too, Mr. President, that we have evi-
dences—daily evidences—from that section of the
country which has separated itselffrom this Union,
that, while the authorities there have thought it
necessary, as measures of precaution, to possess
themselves, in the several States, of the forts, ar-
senals, navy-yards, and military materials found
withm their limits, acknowledging them to be a
portion of the public property all the time, they
have done so with no mtenton theirpartto make
war; they have done so, as they conceived, only
as measures of necessary, prudent piecaution, in
the event that any war should unhappily be waged
on them. And 1 think honorable Senators on the
other side will respond to the declaration, when
I say that there is not one of those States, when
they shall be restored to the Union, if they shall
be restored, or when the Government shall be re-
constructed, if it shall be reconstructed, or when
peace shall be concluded. if war shall now follow,
who will not account for every dollar of the pub-
lic property that they have taken.
I think, Mr. President, we all see evidences
from that quarter of tht country that there is no
purpose on their part to break the peace. I think
it is very natural, in such a state of things as ex-
ists in the disordered condition of the times there,
that the public mind should be very much inflamed
and aroused, almost from its foundations. There
may be a difficulty in regulating or moderating
public sentiment; but I think we have seen evi-
dences that the authorities there have done it; and
we have seen—at least I have seen—nothing but
an earnest desire on their part to be allowed to
keep the public peace.
Nor, Mr. President, have they been actuated
in this by anything like fear. They would meet
a like disposition on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment with joy; but, in the language of the old
Indian chief, which has been immortalized by the
pen of one of Virginia's statesmen: il Do not har-
bor a thought that that would be the joy of fear."
I say, sir, I believe those States arc actuated at
this moment by an earnest desire to refrain from
every act which would break the public peace.
The State of Virginia 1ms invoked a like dispo-
sition on the part of this Government. I hope
it will be successful. It is the only mode now
left, under the direction of the Supieme Being,
by which the people of this country can be saved
from a civil war, and restored to Government \c-
lations, in some form, under auspices that may
yet lead a united country back to that great path
of prosperity and strength and honor from which
th'sy have been diverted from the present (as I
consider it) necessary movement on the part of
thoy States.
I have deemed it incumbent upon me, Mr.
President, as this mediation oiiginated with my
State, to lespond to the sentiments expressed in
the message, in an earnest desire that the public
peace may be preserved until events work out in
their own way, the great, revolution which is im-
pending, or rather which is perfected in six of the
States of this Union. 1 move that the papers be
printed,and laid on the tabic.
, Mr. HALE. 1 have listened to the Senator
from Virginia, and to the message of the Presi-
dent transmitting the resolutions of the State of
Virginia, I trust with all the respect and solici-
tude which they demand of a man occupying the
place which I do: but I want to ask the Senator
from Virginia a single question, and 1 can assure
him I do it in no captious spirit, but with a sin-
cere desire that the country may know everything
that is going on. It is this: whether the State of
Virginia, in the solemn and deliberate action she
has taken in her appeal to the Federal Govern-
ment not to make war, she nothaving as yet fired
a single gun, also, at the same time, thought it
necessary to appeal to any State of the Union
that has put herself in a warlike attitude, to re-
frain and keep hands off until the question is set-
tled r I ask for information.
Mr. MASON. The object of Virginia would
have been very imperfectly attempted, had Vir-
ginia not done exactly what the honorable Sen-
ator has inquired. Virginia sent a commissioner
here, one of her most distinguished and honored
citizens, to bear the communication to the Pres-
ident asking forbearance of the Federal Govern-
ment; and the resolutions show that at the same
time she sent John Robertson, n gentleman who
also shares the unbounded confidence of the State,
as he has shared its honors, as a commissioner
to all the States that have yet separated, or that
may separate, upon the same mission, entreating
them to forbear from any hostile act.
Mr, CL1NGMAN. I wish to offer a few ob-
servations upon this subject: but I understand
the honorable Senator from California desires to
have the Pacific railroad bill taken up. I do not
wish to interfere with that or other special orders.
["Goon."] I do not desire to do so at this time.
I shall not occupy more than half an hour of the
time of the Senate possibly; but if it is agreeable
to the Senator from California, as I understand
it is, for this subject to go over until to-morrow
or the next day, I am perfectly satisfied; and if
it does not interfere with any other Senator, I
ask him to designate any later day than to-mor-
row, when I might occupy the floor for a short
time on this subject.
Mr. GWIN. Say one o'clock on Wednesday.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I assent to that, that it
be postponed until one o'clock on Wednesday,
