I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cong....2d Sess.'
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho! of Reps.
fellow-citizens in favor of this trade seems to have
entirely subsided.
1 also congratulate you upon the public senti-
ment which now exists against the crime of set-
ting on foot military expeditions within the limits
of the United States, to proceed from thence and
make war upon the people of unoffending States,
with whom we are at peace. In this respect a
happy change has been effected since the com-
mencement of my administration. It surely
ought to be the prayer of every Christian and
patriot, that such expeditions may never again
receive countenance in our country or depart from
our shores. •
It would be a useless repetition to do more than
refer, with earnest commendation, to my former
recommendations in favor of the Pacific railroad
—•of the grant of power to the President to em-
ploy the naval force in the vicinity, for the pro-
tection of the lives and property of our fellow-cit-
izens passing in transit over the different Central
American routes, against sudden and lawless out-
breaks and depredations; and also to protect
American merchant vessels, their crews and car-
goes, against violent and unlawful seizure and
confiscation in the ports of Mexico and the South
American republics, when these may he in a dis-
turbed and revolutionary condition. It is my
settled conviction, that without such a power we
do not afford that protection to those engaged in
the commerce of the country which they have a
right to demand#
Election of Members of Congress.
I again recommend to Congress the passage of
a law in pursuance of the provisions of the Con-
stitution, appointing a day certain, previous to
the 4th March, in each year of an odd number,
foi the election of Representatives throughout all
the States. A similar } o\\ cr has already been ex-
ercised, witli general approbation, in the appoint-
ment of the .same day throughout the Union for
holding (he election of electors for President and
Vice President of the United States. My atten-
tion was earnestly directed to this subject from
the fact, that the Thirty-Fifth Congress termin-
ated on the 3d March, 1859, without making the
necessary appropriation for the service of the Post
Office Depatiment. I was then forced to consider
the best lcmody for this omission, and an imme-
diate call of the present Congress was the natural
resort. Upon inquiry, however, I ascertained
that fifteen out. of the thirty-three States compos-
ing the Confederacy were without Representa-
tives, and that, consequently, these fifteen States
would be disfranchised by such a call. These fif-
teen States will be m the same condition on the
4th March next. Ten of them cannot elect Rep-
resentatives, according to existing State laws, until
different periods extending from the beginning
of August next until the months of October and
November.
In my hist message I gave warning that, in a
time of sudden and alarming danger, the salvation
of our institutions might depend upon the power
of the President immediately to assemble a full
Congress, to meet the emergency.
Tariff.
It is now quite evident that the financial neces-
sities of the Government will require a modifica-
tion of the tariff during your present session, for
the purpose of increasing the revenue. In this
aspect, I desire to reiterate the recommendation
contained in my last two annual messages, in j
favor of imposing specific instead of ad valorem
duties on all imported articles to which these can
be properly applied. From long observation and
experience I am convinced that specific duties are
necessary, both to protect the revenue and to
secure to our manufacturingintereststhatamount
of incidental encouragement which unavoidably
results from a revenue tariff.
As an abstract proposition, itmay be admitted
that ad valorem duties would, in theory, be the
most just and equal. But if the experience of
this and of all other commercial nations has de-
monstrated that such duties cannot be assessed
and collected without great frauds upon the rev-
enue, then it is the part of wisdom to resort to
specific duties. Indeed, from the very nature of
an ad valorem duty, this must be the result. Un-
der it, the inevitable consequence is, that foreign
goods will be entered atless than their true value.
The Treasury will, therefore, lose the duty on the
difference between their real and fictitious value;
and to this extent we are defrauded.
The temptations which ad valorem duties pre-
sent to a dishonest importer are irresistible. His
object is to pass his goods through the custom-
house at the very lowest valuation necessary to
save them from confiscation. In .this he too often
succeeds in spite of the vigilancd of the revenue
officers. Hence the resort to false invoices, one
for the purchaser, and another for the custom-
house, and to other expedients to defraud the
Government. The honest importer produces his
invoice to the collector, stating the actual price at
which he purchased the articles abroad. Not so
the dishonest importer, and the agent of the for-
eign manufacturer. And here it may be observed
that a very large proportion of the manufactures
imported from abroad are consigned for sale to
commission merchants, who are mere agents em-
ployed by the manufacturers. In such cases, no
actual sale has been made to fix their value. The
foreign manufacturer, if he be dishonest, pre-
pares an invoice of the goods, not at their actual
value, hut at the very lowest rate necessary to
escape detection. In this manner the dishonest
importer and the foreign manufacturer enjoy a
decided advantage over the honest merchant.
They are thus enabled to undersell the fairtrader,
and drive him from the market.- In fact, the
operation of this system has alieady driven from
the pui suits of honorable commei ce many of that
class of regular and conscientious merchants,
whoso* character, throughout the world, is the
pride of our country.
The remedy for these evils is to bo found in
specific duties, so far as this may be practicable.
They dispense with any inquiry at the custom-
house into the actual cost or value of the article,
and it pays the preciseamountof duty previously
fixed by law. They present no temptations to
the appraisers of foieign goods, who receive but
small salaries, and might, by undervaluation, in
a few cases, render themselves independent.
Besides, specific duties best conform to the re-
quisition m the Constitution that " no preference
shall be given by any regulation of commerce or
revenue to the port£ of one State over those of
another." Under our ad valorem system such
preferences are to some extent inevitable, and
complaints have often been made that the spirit
of this provision has been violated by a lower ap-
praisement of the same articles at one port than
at another.
An impression strangely enough prevails, to
some extent, that specific duties arc necessarily
protective duties. Nothingcan be more fallacious.
Great Britain glories m free trade, and yet her
whole revenue from imports is at the present
moment collected under a system of specific duties.
It is a striking fact in this connection that, in the
commercial tieaty of 23d January, 1860, between
France and England, one of the articles provides
that the ad valorem duties which it imposes shall
be converted into specific duties within six months
from its date, and these are to be ascertained by
making an average of the prices for six months
previous to that time. The reverse of the propo-
sition would be nearer to the truth, because a
much larger amount of revenue would be col-
lected by merely converting the ad valorem duties
of a tariff into equivalent specific duties. To this
| extent the revenue would be increased, and in
| the same proportion the specific duty might be
| diminished.
Specific duties would secure to the American
manufacturer the incidental protection to which
he is fairly entitled under a revenue tariff; and to
this surely no person would object Theframers
! of the existing tariff have gone further, and in a
| liberal spirit have discriminated in favor of large
1 and useful branches of our manufactures, not by
! raising the rate of duty upon the importation of
J similar articles from abroad, but, what js the same
'j in effect, by admitting articles free of duty which
'[ enter into the composition of their fabrics.
;j Under the present system it has been often
'[ truly remarked tha£ this incidental protection de- .
li creases when the manufacturer needs it most,and i
increases when he needs it least, and constitutes a
sliding scale which always operates against him.
The revenues of the country are subject to sim-
ilar fluctuation. Instead of approaching a steady
standard, as would be the case under a system of
specific duties, they sink and rise with the sink-
ing and rising prices of articles in foreign coun-
tries. It would not be difficult for Congress to
arrange a system of specific duties whjch would
afford additional stability both to our revenue and
our manufactures, and without injury or injustice
to any interest of the country. This might be
accomplished by ascertaining the average value
of any given article for a series of years at the
place of exportation, and by simply converting
the rate of ad valorem duty upon it'which might
bp deemed necessary for revenue purposes into
the form of a specific duty. Such an arrange-
ment could not injure theconsumer. ifheshould
pay a greater amount of duty one year, this
would be counterbalanced by a less amount the
next, and in the end the aggregate would be the
same.
I desire to call your immediate attention to the
present-condition of the Treasury, so ably and
clearly presented by the Secretary in his report
to Congress'; and to recommend that measures be
promptly adopted to enable it to discharge its
pressing obligations. The other recommenda-
tions of the report are well worthy of your favor-
able consideration.
I herewith transmit to Congress the reports of
the Secretaries of War, of the Navy, of the
Interior, and of the Postmaster General. The
recommendations and suggestions which they
contain are highly valuable, and deserve your
careful attention.
The report of the Postmaster General details
the circumstances under which Cornelius Vonder-
hilt, on my request, agreed, in the month of July
las', to carry the ocean mails between our Atlantic
and Pacific coasts. Had ho not thus acted, this
impoitunt intercommunication must have been
suspended, at least for a season. The Postmaster
General had no power to make >4 im any-other
compensation than the postages on the mail mat-
ter which he might carry. It was known, at the
time, that these postages would fall far short of
an adequate compensation, as well as of the sum
which the same service had previously cost the.
Government. Mr. Yanderbilt, in a corYimendable^
spirit, was willing to rely upon thejustice of Con-,
gress to make up the deficiency; and I therefore
recommend that an appropriation may be granted'
for this purpose.
I should do great injustice to the Attorney Gen-
eral, were I to omit the mention of his distin-
guished services m the measures adopted and
prosecutcd by him for the defense of the Govern^
ment against numerous and unfoundedt claims to.
land in California, purporting to havebeea made
by the Mexican Government previousxo-Uie treaty
of cession. The successful opposition to these
claims has saved to the United StateSspy>bhc prop-
erty worth many million dollars, anil to individ-
uals holding title under them at least an equal
amount.
It has been represented to me, from sources
which I deem reliable, that the inhabitants™ sev-
eral portions of Kansas have been reduced nearly
to a state of starvation, on account of the almost
total failure of their crops* while the harvests in
every other portion of the country have been
abundant. The prospect before them for the ap-
proaching winter is well calculated to enlist the
sympathies of every heart. The destitution ap-
pears to be so general that it cannot be relieved
by private contributions, and they are in such
indigent circumstances as to be unable to pur-
chase the necessaries of life for themselves. I
refer the subject to Congress. If any constitu-
tional measure for their relief can be devised, I
would recommend its adoption.
I cordially commend to your favorable regard
the interests of the people of this District, They
are eminently entitled to your consideration, espe-
cially since, unlike the people of the States, thoy
can appeal to no Government except that of the
Union.
JAMES BUCHANAN
Washington City, December 3, 1860.
