594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
in war? Several of the States have, by solemn
ordinances of conventions acting in their highest
sovereign capacity, resumed their delegated pow-
ers, withdrawn from the Confederacy, and de-
clared themselves separate and independent States.
Has this Government the power under the Con-
stitution to reduce, by military force, a seceding
State or her citizens to obedience? That such
power is not expressly granted in the Constitu-
tion, is admitted. That it was deliberately refused,
is shown by the journals of the convention. In
the plans submitted by Mr. Randolph and Mr.
Paterson, there was provision to employ the
power of the Union to enforce obedience to the
laws of the United States. In the discussion, Mr.
Madison observed that—
" The more he reflected on the use of forcc, the more he
doubted the practicability, the justice and efficiency of it,
/When applied to people collectively and not individually.
A Union of States, containing such an ingredient, seemed
to provide tor its own destruction. The use ot force against
a State would look more like a declaration^ war than an
infliction of punishment, and would probably be consid-
ered, by the patty attacked, a dissolution of .ill the previous
contracts by winch it might be bound."—Madison Papers,
p. 761.
The clause was then postponed, and never
resumed.
Mr. Mason denounced the plan of military
coercion in very emphatic terms, as follows:
li The most furring elements of natuie—fire and water—
themselves are not more incompatible than such a mixture
of civil liberty and military execution." * * * *
" In one point of view ho was struck with horror at the
prospect of learning to this expedient. To punish the non-
payment of taxes w'th death, was a severity not yet adopted
by despotism itself; yet this unexampled cruelty would be
mercy, compared to a militaiy collection of revenue, in
winch the bayonet could make no discrimination between
the innocent and the guilty."—Madison Papers, p. 914.
Mr. Hamilton, on more than one occasion, rep-
robated the scheme of employing force against
States. In a speech in the New York convention,
lie insisted that the radical vice of the old confed-
eration was, that the laws of the Union applied to
the States in their corporate capacity; that States
executed requisitions only as suited their conve-
nience or advantage; and}iu reference to the coer-
cion of delinquent States, he said:
" To coerce the States is one of the maddest projects that
was ever deviled. A f.uluie of compliance will never be
confined to a single Statu. Tins being the ca*e, can we
suppose it wise to hazard a civil wai ? i3uppo*e Massa-
chusetts, or any large ritnte, should refuse, and Congiess
should atteiuptto compel them: would they not have influ-
ence to procure assistance, especially from tho*e States
who are in the saint; situation as themselves ? What pic-
ture does this idea present to our view, Congress march inj 
the tioops of one tttateWnto the bosom ot another-—this
State, collecting auxiliaries, and forming, pcihaph, a ma
jority against iU Federal head? Here is a nation at war
with itaelf. Can any reasonable man he well disposed to-
wards a Government which makes war and carnage the
only means of supporting itsell—a Government that can
exist only by the sword?"
The plan of the coercion of a State by force of
arms was no new scheme, upon which the mem-
bers of the convention expressed hasty and in-
digested opinions. As the laws applied to States
under the old Confederacy, and not generally to
individuals, it was not necessary for a Stale to
approve a law. If the Slate did not acl,lhe law
was defeated. If coercion by force against States
was necessary or admissible under any federative
Union, it was under the old Confederation. The
States were often delinquent, and the Government
of the Union reduced to a shadow; and yet the
United Suites could not obtain power to compel the
States to fulfill their Federal engagements.
The proposition for military forcc against
States had been discussed for years; and the op-
position of the convention, and the refusal to grant
such power in the new Constitution, was the re-
sult of mature deliberation.
Hut it may be said that the denunciation of mil-
itary force was to induce and commend to popular
favor the change by which the Federal laws were
made to operate immediately on individuals, and
not, as formerly, oti the States in their corporate
capacity. That this consideration had its influ-
ence, appears from the debates themselves. One
scheme was called the coercion of force; the other,
the coercion of law. Mr. Ellsworth, in the Con-
necticut convention , after painting in strong colors
the imbecility of the Confederacy from the want
of a coercion of force—that withoutcoercion there
could be no Government—said:
"The only question is, shall it be a coercion of law or a
coercion ot arms/ There is no other possible alternative.
Where will those who oppose a coercion ot law come out?
Where will they and? A necesaaiy cmscquonco of their
principles is a war of the States, one against the other. I
am for coercion by iaw^-that coercion which acts on de-
linquent individuals. Tilts Constitution does not attempt
to coerce sovereign bodies—States in their political capa-
city. No coercion is applicable to suc|i bodies but that of
an armed force.- If we should attempt to execute the laws
of the Union by sending an aimed foice against a delin-
quent State, it would involve the good and bad, the inno-
cent and the guilty, in the same calamity.1'—2 Elliot's De-
bates, p. 199.
Can it be imagined that the framcrs of the Con-
stitution, denouncing as they did the coercion of
arms against a State in the strongest terms, in-
tended that the power to enforce the laws against
individuals, through peaceable processes before
the ordinary magistracy, should be so perverted
as to authorize the use of force against States;
thus effecting, by fraud and stratagem, that which
they openly denounced and solemnly refused?
The very statement of the case confutes the sup-
position. Every argument which had been urged
for years against force to coerce States, was as
potent under the new Union as the old Confeder-
ation. The change from the action of the laivs
on States to individuals infused, it is true, vast
energy into the Government. Under the laws of
Congress, the Government may, in aid of civil
tribunals, resort to force to suppress insurrections
of disorderly and refractory individuals against its
authority. The insurrection may be wide-spread,
embracing vast masses of individuals; but if the
resistance be not organized under the authority of
a State, it is but an insurrection or rebellion, and
may be suppressed by the whole force of the
United States. v
But this power against insurgents was never to
be used agamst States. Our fathers suffered the
Confederacy to fall into total impotency rather
than allow military force against States. To rem-
edy this, they granted, in substance, power, civil
and military, against individuals; but never to be
converted into an mstrument against the States in
the cases which would very raiely occur of active
organized rewistance by them against the laws of
the Federal Union. Ulr. Hamilton, in the six-
teenth number of the Federalist, denounces the
use of military force against the sovereign States
of a Confederacy, declares the effect to be civil
and bloody wars; commends the Constitution, on
the ground that it carries its agency to the persons
of the citizens, and can employ the arm of the
ordinary magistracy to execute its resolutions;
and in answer to the objection that a State, dis-
affected to the authority of the Union, could at
any time obstruct tho execution of its laws, does
not recommend the employment of force against
the State; disapproves of the experiment; but ex-
presses, in substance, that through the concur-
rence of the majouty of the Legislature, of the
courts of justice, and of the body of the people,
such resistance would meet with success, and,
that attempts of the kind would not be often made.
In the twenty-eighth number of the Federalist,
Mr. Hamilton says:
11 If may s.ilHy be icceived as an axiom in our political
system, that the Htate government^ will, in all possible con-
tingencies, afford complete t-ecmilv against invasions of
public libeity by the national authority. Fiojects ot usurp-
ation cannot be mu-lced under pieten&es sohkely to escape
the penetration of>elect bodies of men, asofthe peopleat
laige. The LegiMafuie will have bcttei means ot mioi illa-
tion ; they can diseovei the dangci at a distance ; <uul pos-
sessing all the organs of civil power, and the confidence of
the people, they can at once adopt a regular plan of oppo-
sition, in which they can combine all the resouices of the
community. They can icadily communicate with each
other in the dilferent Slates, and unite their common forces
for the protection of then common liberty." *
But, if military forcc was denied to the old Con-
federacy for the execution of any ofitslaws; if the
grant for the like purpose was refused under the
present Constitution; and if there he no pretext
that, under the plea of enforcing laws against
individuals, coercion of arms may be employed
against a sovereign State,—can there be a shadow
of claim in the General Government to coerce a
State into submission, that has by solemn ordi-
naneedissolved allconnection with the Union, and
resumed its separate sovereignty and independ-
ence t
The objection to a military force against a State
was, that it would involve war and bloodshed. If
this be valid, even when a State is in the Union,
it acquires prodigious power against any attempt
to employ force against a State which has as-
sumed separate sovereignty, claiming no advant-
age from the Union and owing it no duties or
obligations. The true ground of objection to force
against a State is its sovereignty. If this is a
consolidated Government,.if the States are pro-
vinces or departments—if they hold the position
to the Union that a district or county does to a
Stci^e, then the denunciations of military force are
unmeaning. England and Scotland were inde-
pendent kingdoms. They were united into the
kingdom of Great Britain. Neither Madison,
Hamilton, or any statesman or publicist, would
denounce the use of forcc against Scotland were
she to resist the laws of Great Britain or attempt
to secede, for the reason that Scotland had relin-
quished her sovereign character, and is but a pro-
vince or territorial division of the new kingdom.
Will any one contend that the States hold the
relative position to the Union that Scotland does
to the kingdom of Great Britain? Scotland has
no independent Legislature, no civil state, no con-
trol over life, liberty, or property; no reserved
powers, as has each State of this Union; and mili-
tary coercion which may be applied to the first as
a rebellious province, a part of a political unity,
cannot, at least without express grant, be used
against the latter, which is a sovereignty, not a
part of a political unity, but a political unit itself,
which, with other units, make the multiple of the
Union, or, out of the Union, a complete and inde-
pendent sovereignty.
As the question of force against a seceding State
depends mainly upon the character of the Gov-
ernment, whether consolidated or a confederation
by compact of sovereign States, and as the sov-
ereignty of the States and the right of seces-
sion were never asserted with more felicity a-nd
cogency than in the resolutions offered by Mr.
Randolph, at Charlotte, in 1852,1 will read them
as a part of my argument:
*'Resolved, That Virginia is, and ought to be. a free, sov-
eieign, and independent State; that she became so by her
sepaiate act, winch lias since been recognized by the civ-
ilized world, and has never been disavowed, ictracted. or
in anywise impaired or weakened by any subsequent act
of hers.
(iResolved, That when, for common defense and com-
mon welluic, Vnginia entered into a strict league of am-
ity with the othei twelve colonics of Biitibh Noith Amer-
ica,  -lie parted with no portion of her sovereignly, although,
tiom the necesMty of the case, the authority to enforce obe-
dience theioto was, in certain cases, and for certain pui-
poses, delegated to the common agents of the whole con-
lederacy.
"Resolved, That Viiginia has never pai ted with tho nght
to iccall the authority so delegated, foi good and sufficient
cause, noi with the right to judge of tho .sufhciency of such
cause, and to sccede lrom the Confederacy whensoever she
shall find tho henolits of Union exceeded by its evils—
union being the means of securing hbeity and happiness,
and not an end to which these should be saciificed.
"Resolved, That tho allegiance oi the people of Vnginia
i^ due to her; that to hci then allegiance is due, while to
them bhe owes the protection against the consequences of
such obedience."
In the language of the resolution, Virginia has
not parted with the authority to recall her dele-
gated powers. She expressly reserved her right
m her act of ratification, declaring that powers
granted under the Constitution, being derived from
the people of the United States, may be resumed by
them whenever the same shall be perverted to
their injury or oppression, and that every power
not granted thereby remains with them, and at
their will. The language is wanting in precision,
but its meaning cannot be mistaken. It speaks of
the people of the United States. But as they did
not collectively, or as a political body, grant any
powers, so none can be resumed by them. The
peopleof each State granted powers; and they can
be resumed only by the people of each State. Vir-
ginia was noting for her own people, and could
speak only for them.
In the ratification by New York, the delegation
of power by the people of the State, and their
right of resumption, are expressed in terms of
great clearness:
" That all powei is originally vested in, and consequently
derived fiom, the people, and that government is instiimed
bvthem iortheircommon interest, piotection, anil security.
That the powers of Government may be reassumed by the
people, whensoever it shall become necessary to their bap-
pines';,; that evoiv power, juiisdiction, and right, which is
not by the said constitution cleaily delegated"to the Con-
gie-s of the Untied States, or the departments of tho Gov-
ernment thereof, icnidin s to the people ol the several States,
oi to then respective State governments, to whom they
may have granted the same."
Rhode Island also declared:
" That all power U naturally vested in, and consequently
derived from the people; that magistrates theicfore, are
their trustees and agents, and at all times amenable to them.
That the powers of government may be reassumed by the
people whensoever it shall become necessary to their hap
