596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
in Texas—a few more, perhaps, than five thou-
sand, including the serviceable and unserviceable.
The sale, four years after annexation, of a large
portion of the territory of Texas to the United
States has frequently been made the subject of
reproach. The cry that our title was not good,
insulting and groundless as it is, has become stale
from repetition. The boundary of Texas, from
die mouth of the Rio Grande to its source, was
proclaimed by Texas from the commencement of
her revolution, and was recognized in the first law
on her statute-book, in 1836. That this was the
boundary of Texas, fixed by legislation, was
known to Mexico; it was known to the United
States, and to the great Powers of Europe, among
whom we took rank as a nation. The war be-
tween Texas and Mexico was not about bound-
ary. Mexico claimed the whole country; and so
did Texas; though during the progress of annex-
ation, Mexico proposed to acknowledge the in-
dependence of Texas, leaving the boundary to
future negotiations.
By the articles of annexation, Texas author-
ized the United States to adjust all questions of
boundary that might arise with Mexico. The
title of Texas to the whole of her territory was
founded upon the sword. She wasunder no moral,
legal, or international obligation to restrict the
limits of the Republic to the lines of the old prov-
ince of Texas; nor did the validity of her title, at
l.east with respect to the United States, depend
upoa the actual possession and jurisdiction over
every foot of her territory. And such was the
opinion of the United States in sending troops to
the lower Rio Grande. The country in the im-
mediate vicinity of that river had been and was
then in the occupation of the Mexican authorities;
and all the acts of that de facto Government rela-
tive to private rights, up to possession by the
Ameriaan troops, have been recognized by the
judicial tribunals as valid and binding. But yet
the United States asserted the right of Texas, and
declared that the blood of her soldiers poured out
on the battle-fields of Palo Alto and Resaca do la
Palma was " American blood shed upon Ameri-
can soil." ■
The United States, from annexation, in 1846,
to 1850, recognized the validity of our title to the
country oast of the upper Rio Grande. General
Kearny, in taking possession of New Mexico,
in August, 1846, speaking in the name of his Gov-
ernment, declared to the people that he considered,
and had for somo time considered, the country as
a part of the territory of the United States. This
was an assertion of the title of Texas. It could
notpossibly have been a part of the United States
unless by being a part of Texas. The President,
in February, 1847, admitted that the possession
of the country by the United States was held in
subserviency to the title of Texas. This will be
seen by reference to his special message of July
24, 1848. Here is the message of Mr. Polk:
" Under the circumstances oxistingduring the pendency
of the war, and while the whole of New Mexico, ay
claimed by om ciicny, was in our military occupation, I
was not tilitnindful (if the lights of Tcvas to that portion
of It which she claimed to be within hcrhmiis. /n answer
to a letter from tlic.Governor of Texas, dated on the <llh
of January, 1847, the Secretaiy of State, by my direction,
Informed lum,m a tetter of the 13th of February, 18-17, that,
in the President's animal mess-age of Deccmbci, 18-16,' you
have already perceived that New Mexico is at present in
the temporary occupation of the troops of the United States,
and the government over it is military in its eliaiaetcr. It
Is merely such a government as must exist under the laws
of nations and of war, to preserve Older, and protect the
rights ot tile Inhabitants, and will cease on the conclusion
of a treaty of peace with Mexico. Nothing, therefoie, can
be more certain than that this tenipouiry government, re-
salting from necessity, can never injuriously affect the ril'lit
which the President believes to be ju-tly asserted by Texas
to the whole territory on this side of the ltio Grande when-
ever the Mexican claim to it slmll have been extinguished
to it by treaty. But tins is a subject which more piopeily
belongs to the legislative than the executive branch of the
Government.'
"The lesult of the whole is, that Texas had asserted a
right to that part of New Mexico east of the Rio Giande,
whteli is believed, under the acts of Congiess for the an-
nexation and admission of Texas into the Union as a ytatc,
and undei tile constitution and laws of Texas, to be well
founded."
Pending the negotiations, Mr. Trist, our com-
missioner, asserted the obligation of the United
States to defend the title of Texas. lie said that—
" Until a-'eeiuiiied by a compact or agreement between
the United States and Mexico, the boundary between the
two Republics, when consideiedwith rclcieuce to the na-
tional obligation to protect their teiritoiy tiom invasion,
could be none other than that very boundary which had
heen asserted by Texas liersrlf."
On the 12th of October, 1848, the Secretary of
War, Governor Marcy, in his instructions to the
commanding officer at Santa Fe, declared that—
" In regard to that part of what the Mexicans call New
Mexico, lying east of the ltio Grande, the civil authority
which Texas has established, or may establish there, is to
be respected, and in no manner to be interfered with by
the military force in that department, otherwise than to
lend aid on proper occasions in enforcing it."
These extracts are evidence of the opinions of
the Administration at the time of the annexation of
Texas,that prosecuted the war against Mexico, ne-
gotiated the treaty, and had a thorough kno wledge
of all questions growing out of the annexation pol-
icy and the war with Mexico. But the impregna-
ble basis of the title of Texas was, that she was ad-
mitted as a State with boundaries which were not
changed, modified, or restricted by the treaty with
Mexico; that the boundary of the United States
was so extended as to embrace the utmost limits of
Texas. On these facts the United States became
utterly powerless with regard to the title ofTexas.
The boundary of Texas could no more be disturbed
by the United States than could the boundary of
any other State, or of even any foreign nation.
It'has been settled since tho foundation of the
Government that Congress litis no power over the
boundaries of a State; and the United States ad-
mitted the doctrine for years after the annexation
ofTexas. The United States was the trustee of
Texas in settling the boundary question, and
could not have acquired the subject-matter in op-
position to the right of the principal. The act
would beafraud of ineffable baseness, void in all
courts and countries where right and equity are
recognized. She was in one sense the umpire;
and could she end the controversy by tortiously
converting the property to her own use?
But, notwithstanding the acts and admissions
through the four years of Mr. Polk's adminis-
tration, und the indisputable validity of the title
ofTexas, the succeeding Administration evinced
hostility, which culminated in the message of
August (J, 1850, menacing punishment against all
attempts to enforce the laws of Texas; that the
troops under the command of the State of Texas
should be treated as intruders and trespassers,
and that the forces of the United States would be
employed to coerce a sovereign State, punish her
citizens acting in obedience to her command- as
criminals, and eject her authorities and laws from
a large portion of her prescribed and defined lim-
its. Under such circumstances, with the uplifted
sword in the one "hand and the purse in the other,
the United States proposed a purchase of the Ter-
ritory.
Texas was in no condition to accept hostilities.
She had, prior to annexation, been exhausted by
the troubles with Mexico and the savage. She
was hourly acquiring strength by reposeand tran-
quillity. She chose the alternative that true policy
dictated. Peace was everything to her. "War
would have blasted her prosperity. She determ-
ined to disregard the offensive circumstances of
the proposal to purchase and accept it as most
conducive to her highest interest, and solid and
permanent advantage. The alternative was gain-
ful. The dismemberment of a nation's temtoiy
pierces the heart of every citizen, ltis never sub-
mitted to unless to avoid still greater evil. And
shall the United States, who extorted this terri-
tory from Texas at almost literally the point of
bayonet, in order to conceal the odium of thejput-
rnge, bo suffered to pervert the whole transaction,
and even invoke sympathy as a purchaser of a
defective title? Will the despoilerfill the air with
his cncs and complaints as if he himself had been
the victim? But 1 forbear. I have said enough
to vindicate the title of Texas. And whether her
title were good or bad, the United States ought to
be forever silent; or if she spoke, to pray that the
angel of mercy might expunge the whole act from
the pages of history.
1 have spoken to repel assault; but in no cap-
tious or querulous spirit. On the behalf of Texas,
I disdain the language of complaint. I vindicate
the truth of history; nothing more.
Freely, without price, Texas brought an em-
pire to the United States. Her admission was
the instrumentality by reason of which there was
acquired to the United States the vast region from
the Rio Grande to the Pacific, with its countless
mineral, agricultural, and commercial nclies. In
the wide domain of Texas the Government has
constructed no forts, no court-houses, finished no
arsenals, nocustom-houses, and stored but a very
limited supply of arms. Thirty million people
cannot be drawn into war for the defense of any
miserable forts on the coast of Texas. We have
none.
The United States have expended large amounts
annually in maintaining the troops in Texas.
Troops, in well organized military arrangements,
are stationed on the frontiers of a country; these
frontiers have been desolated by the savage. One
hundred lives were sacrificed last year; and within
a month or two thirty were massacred with the
most shocking barbarities. The troops must be
supported, let them be stationed where they will.
Texas will never forget the benefits she has de-
rived from the Union. She has received none
from direct legislation. But she has had peace
and tranquillity. She has had a sense of security;
and she has increased from one hundred thousand
to six hundred thousand persons, and advanced
rapidly in all the elements of wealth and power.
Texas appreciated the advantages she derived from
Mexico, the immense grants of land, exemption
from taxation, the mild ad ministration of her laws.
But for causes justified by the world, Texas was
impelled to a separation; and now, on grounds
deemed essential to her security and happiness,
she will feel herself constrained to dissolve con-
nection with this Confederacy; fling again her
glorious and triumphant banner to the breeze,
and establish on a secure basis the rights, the lib-
erties, and the happiness of her people.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move now to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until
Wednesday next at one o'clock, and make it the
special order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN II. WHEELER.
Mr. SUMNER. I move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill passed the Senate on
Friday for the relief of John H. Wheeler. I
voted in the majority. If the bill has been sent
to the House of Representatives, I wish it to be
reclaimed, so that we may act upon it.
Tin- PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) Does the Senator merely desire that
the motion be entered, or that it be acted upon
now ?
Mr. SUMNER. Let the motion be entered;
that is enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be en-
' Mr. SUMNER. I would ask if the bill has
been sent to the House of Representatives ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
says it has not been sent.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
CHARLES E. ANDERSON.
Mr. "WILSON. I desire to move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill (S. No. 272) for the
relief of Charles E. Anderson was rejected. I
only ask now to have the motion entered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be en-
tered.
PETITIONS.
M r. WILSON presented a petition of merchants
and ship-owners of Boston, praying that the
twenty-ninth section of the tariff bill now before
Congress may be so amended as to protect their
interests; and that tea and coffee, when imported
from any place east of the Cape of Good Hope,
may be admitted free of duty; which was referred
to the select committee on the taiiff.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Ann Arbor, Michigan, praying the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by him which was ordered to lie on the table.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS. "
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 23) for
the admission of Kansas into the Union.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Themessagefurtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Presi-
dent:
A bill (H. R. No. 507) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to isJue a land warrant to
Daniel Davis; and
