1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
A bill (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of Samp-
son Stanfill.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill (No. 752) granting an invalid pension to
Jacob Gates; and
A bill (No. 828) for the relief of Amanda Batts,
Laura P. W. Young, and Betsey Murdoek, heirs
of Barbara Walker.
gabriel j. johnston.
Mr. POLK. I am directed by the Committee
on Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 876) for the benefit of Gabriel
J. Johnston, to report it back without amendment;
and if the Senate will consent to it, 1 ask for the
immediate consideration of the bill.
Mr. KING. Let it be read for information.
The Secretary road the bill, which proposes to
confirm the entry made by Gabriel J. Johnston,
of Jefferson coimty, Missouri, on the 2d of No-
vember, 1829, of the northeast quarter of section
eleven, in township forty-one north, of range four
east, in the district of lands subject to sale at St.
Louis, Missouri, notwithstanding that tract of
land was at the time of entry reserved from sale
as mineral lands; and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is required to issue to Ga-
briel J. Johnston a patent for the tract, as in or-
dinary cases of the entry of public lands subject
to sale at private entry. This act is not to bo
construed to interfere with any existing rights of
third persons, but is only to operate as a relin-
quishment of the title of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a biil that has
passed our committee—has it not'
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir. There will be no ob-
jection to it. The man has paid his money since
1829. The land was reserved for mineral land,
but turned out not to be so.
There being 110 objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to a third reading, read the thirfl
time, and passed.
ciiarles m'cormick.
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill reported
by me the other day from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, for the relief of Doctor MeCormick.
I believe there is no objection to the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to it at this time, be-
cause I think the Senate is exhausted: and I there-
fore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moves to take up the bill (S. No. 38) for
the relief of Charles McCorniick, assistant sur-
feon United States Army. The Senator from
owa moves that the Senate do now adjourn, and
that motion will take precedence.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 28,1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
enrolled bills.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; and the Speaker thereupon signed the
same:
An act (II. R. No. 507) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to issue a land warrant to
Daniel Davis; and
An act (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of Samp-
son Stanfill.
executive communications.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Interior Department, in com-
pliance with the provisions of the eleventh section
of the act of August 26,1842, transmitting a state-
ment showing the names oi clerks and other per-
sons employed by the Interior Department for the
year ending December 31, 1861, the time they
were employed, and the amounts they respectively
received. The communication states that a very
considerable reduction in the clerical force of the
Department may be made without detriment to
the public service.
It was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, in response to a resolution of the House,
directing the Secretary of the Interior, in conjunc-
tion with the Secretary of War, to report any
information in their Departments in relation to
depredations committed by Indians, &c.; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, respecting contracts with that Department
for the year 1860, in compliance with acts of 1808
and 180!); which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
boston petition.
Mr. RICE. I have before me a memorial, pur-
porting to be signed by upwards of fourteen thou-
sand citizens of Boston, of various political opin-
ions, asking for the speedy adoption of measures
for the peaccable adjustment of the difficulties
which now distract the country. I will merely
remark that I have been requested, by the com-
mittee to which the memorial was intrusted, to
present it to the House, and ask that it be read,
laid on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. I object to the printing.
The memorial was carried to the Speaker's
table, enveloped in the stars and stripes, and was
received with considerable applause.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
To the Senate and Home of Representatives of the United
States in Congress.
The memorial of tlio subscribers, citizens of Boston,
rc=pi'clt'ul!y KhovveUi:
That white t-harins;, in common with their follow-oiti-
7/ n-:. ihe fxeneial hoUcitnde at the dangeis which aic now
UuvateniiiH the peace and unity of our country, theydesiie
to «ivo then urgent and emphatic expression of the neces-
sity wliieli seeins to exist tm mutual conciliation and com-
pionline ; and thcicfoie, without discussion of the merits
i)I the various questions at issue, vour memorialists hum-
bly pi ay that >-ueh measures may be speedily adopted by
Congiess for !be pacific setllinnent of out piesent difficul-
ties as shall cmhiace, substantially, sueh a plan of compro-
mise as may be deemed expedient to restore tranquillity
and peace to our now distracted country.
The memorial was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
nathaniel heard.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous, con-
sent of the House for leave to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar
from the further consideration of House bill No.
631, for the relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Heard,
ill order that it may now be put on its passage;
The report of the committee, which accompanies
the bill, if read, will explain the object of the bill;
and there will be, I think, 110 objection to its
passage.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has my objection to the
printing of the Boston memorial been regarded?
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard no objec-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist on the objection
which I made. [Cries of '• Too late!"J No, it
is not too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late. The petition has beeti laid
upon the table and ordered to be printed, and
another subject has been called up.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that the bill for the
relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Heard be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. THOMAS. I object to discharging the
Committee of the Whole House from that bill.
Mr. McCLEItNAND and Mr. BURNETT
called for the icgular order of business.
Air. MALLORY. I understood itwas agreed
that the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar should be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill. I heard no ob-
jection to my motion when I made it, and the bill
was read through.
The SPEAKER. The bill was read for infor-
mation. Such is the practice of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that the gentleman
from Tennessee will withdraw his objection. It is
a meritorious biil. I hope that the House will
consider it at this time. It has been here for five
years, and these parties are in need of the relief
proposed to be extended to them. I am sure that
the gentleman's sense of justice will induce him
to withdraw his otgeciiori, if. Be'will liearthe
report. *
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to say to the honor-'
able gentleman from Kentucky that t never inter-
pose captious objection; and I cannotconsent th^t
a bill of this sort shall pass without examination.
When bills are taken, up out of their order, it ean-
notbe expected that members will be prepared to
act on them. I want time to loojc into this case;
and I therefore hold on to my objection.
Mr. MALLORY. Letthegentleman withdraw
his objection and hear the report. ?
The SPEAKER. There has been a demand
for the regular order of business, which in itstelf
is an objection to all other business.
resolutions ot maine.
Mr. FOSTER,by unanimous consent,presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Maine.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows: . -
state of maine. '
Resolve relating to existing JSTational •Affairs^ „
Whereas, by adviccs rcceivcd. from Washington,(and l>y
infoimation received in many other ways, it appears ,ttia tan
extensive combination exists of ^vil-disposed persons-to
effect the dissolution of the Federal Union and thfe over-
throw of the Government; and whereas the people of this
State arc deeply attached to the Union and thoroughly loyal
to the Government, and are heartily devoted to their pres-
ervation and protection: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Governor be, and hereby is, authorize
and lequcsstPd to assuic the President of the United States
of the loyalty of the people of Maine to the Union and the
Government theieof; and that the entire resources of the
State in men and money are hereby pledged to the Admin-
istration in defense and support of the Constitution and the
Union. —
In the FIouse of Representatives,
January 17,1851."
Read and passed.
X G. BLAINE, Speaker^.
Read and passed.
In Senate, January 18,1Q81. =.
WILLIAM C. HAMMATT,
Presided pro tempore.
Approved January 18,1861.
14 ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr. -
Office of Secretary of State,
Aucsusta, Jatiuary 23, 1861.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of the
original as deposited in this office.
JOSEPH B. HALL, Secretary of State,
The resolutions wore laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
C. W. C. DUNNINGT0N.
The SPEAKER then1 proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the States and Territo-
ries for bills and resolutions for reference. , ..
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of C. W. C. Dunning-
ton; which was read a first and sccond time by its
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole Houso
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
CHILDREN OS1 REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS. ; -
Mr. ELIOT introduced a joint resolution ex-
tending certain acts of Congress to the surviving
children of the officers and soldiers of the Revo-
lution; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
ANN ELIZA PLATT.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Ann Eliza Piatt, widow of Commander Charles
T. Piatt, late of the United States.Navy; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
BIGLER PROPOSITION.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask leave to in-
troduce a bill. I do not propose to consume the
time of the House by asking that it be read. It
embraces the proposition of compromise offered
in the Senate by Senator Bigler, of Pennsylva-
nia. I want some mode adopted by which it will bo
presented to the people, i move that its reading
be dispensed with, and that it be referred to any
committee of this House where it will not be
strangled. It is entitled a bill to provide for taking
the sense of the people of the several States on
certain proposed amendments to the Constitution
of the United States.
