598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
The hill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select committee of five.
PETITION FROM NEW JERSEY ON THE CRISIS.
Mr. RIGGS, by unanimous consent, presented
a memorial signed by S. R. White and others,
of the fourth congressional district of New Jer-
sey, asking that a national convention may be
called to settle existing difficulties; which was
laid upon the table.
RESOLUTIONS OS PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. COVODE. I submit resolutions of the
State of Pennsylvania.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Joint resolutions relative to the maintenance of the Consti-
tution and the Union, adopted by the Legislature of Penn-
sylvaniaj January 24,1861:
Whereas a convention of delegates assembled in the city
of Charleston, in the State of South Carolina, did, on the
20th day of December, in the year of our Loid 1860, adopt
an ordinance, entitled "An ordinance to dissolve the Union
between the State of South Carolina arid othei States uni-
ted with her, under the compact entitled the 1 Constitution
of the United States of America,5" whereby it is declaied
that the *aid Union Is dissolved; and whereas it becomes
the duty of the people of Pennsylvania, through their rep-
resentatives in this General Assembly, to make known
what they consider to be the objects sought, and the obli-
gations and duties imposed by the Constitution :
Be it therefore resolved, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in Gen-
eral Assembly met, and it is hereby resolved, That the Con-
stitution of the United States of America was ordained and
established, as set forth in its preamble, by the people of
the United States, in order to form a more perfect union,
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common defense, promote the general welfare, and se-
cure the blessings of liberty to themselves and their poster-
ity; and if the people of any State in this Union are not in
the full enjoyment of all the benefits intended to be secured
to them by the said Constitution; if their rights under it
are disregarded, their tranquillity disturbed, their prosperity
retarded, or their liberties imperiled, by the people of any
other State, full and adequate redrew can, and ought to be,
provided for such grievances thiough the action of Con-
gress, and other proper departments of the national Gov-
ernment.
2. Resolved, That the people of Pennsylvania enteitam
and desire to cherish the most fraternal sentiments tor t!io:r
brethren of other States, and are ready now, as they have
ever been, to cooperate in all measures needful for their
welfare, secuiity, and happiness, under the Constitution
which makes us one people. That while they cannot i>ui-
render their love of liberty inherited from the founders, of
their State, sealed with the blood of the Revolution, and
witnessed in the history of their legislation; and while they
claim the observance of all their rights under the Constitu-
tion, they nevertheless maintain now, as they have ever
done, the constitutional rights of the people of the slave-
holding Suites, to the uninterrupted enjoyment of their
own domestic institutions.
3. Resolved, That wc adopt the sentiment and language
of President Andrew Jackson, expressed m his message
to Congress on the 16th day of January, 1833: il That the
right of the people of a single Slate to absolve themselves
nt will, and without the consent of the other State-*, from
their most solemn obligations, and hazard the liberties and
happiness ot the millions composing this Union, cannot be
acknowledged: and that such authority is uttcily lepug-
nant both to the principles upon which the General Gov-
ernment is constituted and the objects which u was ex-
pressly formed to attain."
A. Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States
of America contains all the powers nccessaiy to the main-
tenance of its authority, and it is the solemn and mo.-t im-
perative duty of the Government to adopt and cairy into
effect whatever measmcs may be neces=aiy to that end; and
the faith and the power ofPenns\ Ivanm are hereby pledged
to the support of such measures, in any manner and to any
extent that may be required of her by the constituted author-
ities of the United States.
5. Resolved, That all plots, conspiracies, and wailike
demonstrations against the United Stales, in anysecuon of
the country, are treasonable in their character; and what-
ever power of the Government is necessary to their sup-
pression should be applied to that purpose without hesita-
tion or demy.
6. Resolved, That the Governor be, and lie i  hereby, re-
quested to transmit a copy of these icsolutionc to the Pres-
ident of the United States, pi operly attested under the great
seal of the Commonwealth, aud like attested copies to the
Governors of the several States of this Union, and also to
our Senators and Representatives in Congress, who aie
hereby requested to present the same to the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States.
E. W. DAVIS,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
ROBERT M. PALMER,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved January 24,1861.
A. G. CURTIN.
Office of the Secretary of the Commonwealth,
Harkisborg, January lM, 1861.
Pennsylvania, ss:
I do hereby certify that the foregoing is a full and true
copy of the original resolutions of the General Assembly,
entitled '• Joint resolutions iclative to the maintenance of
the Constitution and the Union," as the same remains on
file in tins office.
Tn testimony whereof, 1 have hereunto set my hand and
r -j affixed the seal of the Secretary's officp, the day
- ■  and year above written. S. B. THOMAS,
Deputy Secretary of the Commonwealth.
In the name and bj the authority of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Andrew (?. Curtm, Governor of the said
Commonwealth, to all to w!vom these presents shall come.
sends greeting:
Knowye, that the attestation hereunto annexed is in due
form, and made by the pioper officer, and that Samuel B.
Thomas, whose name is subscribed thereto, was at the time
of subscribing the same, and now is, deputy secretary of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, duly appointed and
commissioned, and full faith and credit are due and ought
to be given to his official acts accordingly.
Given under my hand and the gr^at seal of the State, at
Harrisbuig, the 24th d<fy of January, in the year
fL. s.l of our Lord 1861. and of the Commonwealth the
eighty-fifth. A. G. CURTIN.
By the Governor:
Eli Slifer, Secretary of the Commonwealth.
Mr. COVODE moved that they be laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let me say that the res-
olutions just read express the sentiments of the
people of tho State of Pennsylvania. They are
just in sentiment, and firm in tone.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Covode5s
motion; and it was agreed to.
CRITTENDEN RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial from citizens of his district, in
favor of tho Crittenden resolutions; which were
laid upon the table.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a joint resolution
proposing certain amendments to the Constitution
of the United States.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask that the resolution
be road, with a view to put it on its passage. It
must be apparent to us all, that the people of the
country are anxious for the adoption of some
measure of compromise. I desire to bring peace
and harmony to a distracted nation. For that
purpose 3 hold out this olive branch. Will the
House accept it? I trust they will. I ask that
the resolution be read.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE. Docs an objection prevent
me from having the resolution read?
ThftSPEAKER. It does. The resolution can
only be received for reference.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have submitted the joint
resolution, and it has been read only by its title.
I propose to put it on its passage; and I think
that I have the right to have it read through
before it is put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman cannot put his resolution on its pas-
sage. It can only bo received for reference.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, then. I now
offer amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and ask that they be read.
Mr. BURNETT. This call is for the reception
of bills and resolutions for reference only, and 1
hope that it will be proceeded with. The gentle-
man cannot put his amendments on their passage
now; and I hope lie will notconsume time in hav-
ing them read.
Mr. FLORENCE. My object is to get the
propositions before the House for action. I gave
notice, the other day, that I would move them as
amendments to the report of the select committee
of thirty-three. I will withhold my amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, and move
that the joint resolution be referred to the select
committee of live.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. Florence's joint resolution is as follows:
Joint resolution proposing certain amendments to the Con-
stitution ot the United States.
Whereas senous and alarming dissensions have arisen
between the northern and southern States concerning the
rights and security of the rights of the slaveholdmg States,
and especially their rights in thy common territory of the
United States ; and whereas it is eminently desirable and
pioper that those dimensions, which now threaten the very
existence of this Union, should be peimanently quieted and
settled by constitutional provisions, wh ch shall do equal
justice to all sections, and thereby restate to the people tlwt
peace and good will which ought to prevail between all the
citizens of the United States: Therefoie,
Resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Representatives of
the United States of Jimcrica in Congress assembled, (two
thirds of both Houses conciming,) That the following arti-
cles be, and are hereby, piopo&cd and submitted as amend-
ments to the Constitution ot'the L nitcd States, which shall
be valid to all intent: and purposes us pan of '•aid Consti-
tution, when ratified by conventions of three fourths of the
beveral States :
Articlf 1. Persons held to service or labor for life in
any State under the laws thereof may be taken into any Ter-
ritory oi the United States south ot latitude 36° 30', and the
right to such service or laborshall not bo impaired thereby.
And any Teriitorial Legislature shali have the exclusive
right to make all needful rules and regulations for the pro-
tection of such right, andofs-uch peisons,andfoi the main-
tenance and treatment ot such persons and their descend-
ants, in their domestic relations. But Congress or any
Territorial Legislature shall not have power to impair or
abolish such right of service in the said Territory, nor m
any other place within the jurisdiction of the United States,
without the con&entof all the States which maintain such
service.
Art. 2. When anv Territory of the United States shall
have a population equal to the ratio of representation lor
one member of Congress, and the people thall have formed
a constitution for a republican form of government, it thall
be admitted as a sovereign State into tho Union, on an
equal footing with the other States, by the proclamation of
the President of the United States ; and the people may, in
the constitution for such State, either prohibit or regulate
tho right to labor or service, and niter or amend the consti-
tution at their will. And ifthe President refuses to admit
suchTerntoiy as a State, this article shall not depuve Con-
gress of the power to admit such State.
Art. 3. The pi esont right ot representation, in the section
two, aiticle one'of the Constitution of the United States,
shall never be altered without the consent ol all the States
maintaining the right to service or labor for life. And the
regulation of the right to labor or service in any of the Statea
is hereby lecognized to be exclusively the right ot each
State within it^ own limits; and this constitution shall
never be altered or amended to impair this right of cach
State without its consent: Provided, Thatthis aiticle shall
not be construed to absolve the United States Government
fiom rendering assistance to suppress insurrections or do-
mestic violence, as provided in the section four, article four
of this Constitution.
Art. 4. The exclusive power to regulate or abolish the
right to labor or service for hfe in the District of Columbia
is hereby ceded to the State of Maryland, to be exerci&ed
in common with such richt in that State, subject, never-
theless, to tho judicial jurisdiction of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Art. 5. No State shall pass any law in any way inter-
fenng with or obstructing the recovery of fugitives from
justice, or from labor or service, or any law of Congress
made under article four, scction two of this Constitution ;
and all laws m violation of this article may be declared
void by the Supreme Couit ol the United States at the suit
of any State.
Art. 6. As a light of comity between the citizens of the
several States, the light of traiiMt with petsons held to
laboi or service An life, or for years, lrom one State to an-
other. shali not be mtcrfeied with, without the consent of
all the State-* maintaining such service.
Art. 7. Whenever any State shall grant by law to citi-
zens of other States thought to sojourn foi a limited period
with persons held to service or labor, if such persons escape
they shall be subject to recovery as tugitives, under the pro-
visions of this Constitution, and shall be returned to the
State from which they were brought.
Art. 8. The tratficMn slaves with Atrica is hereby for-
ever prohibited. And the descendants of Africans shall
uot be madc citizcns'.
Art. 9. All acts of any inhabitant of the United States
tending to incite persons held to service or labor, to insur-
rection or acts ot domestic violence, or to abscond, shall
be considered and prohibited as contrary to law, and a
penal offense.
Art. 10. The county of any State, wherein a person
owing service or labor is rescued fiom the custody ot the
owner, agent, or offieei, shall be bound to pay the full value
of such person, for the use ot the owner, at the suit of the
United .States.
Art. 11. Persons held to service or labor for life, under
the laws of any State ot Territory, shali not be taken into
any Temtoiy of the United States, while in a territorial
condition, noith of latitude 36° 30'.
Art. 1:2. Alleged fugitives from labor or service, on re-
quest, shall have a tual by jury at the place to which they
may be letumed.
Art. 13. All alleged fugitives charged with crime com-
mitted in violation ot the laws of the Slate from winch
they fled shall, on demand, be letutned to such State, and
shall have the right of trial by jury, and, if such person
claims to be a citizen of another State, shall have a light of
appeal, or of wnt of erior,tothe Supreme Court ol the Uni-
ted States.
Art. 14. Citizens of any State ?ojomnir,si in another
S*nte shall not be subject to violence or punishment, nor
injured in their peison-oi pioperty, without tual by jury
and due pioees>s ot law.
Act. 1.5. No State, or the people thereof, shall retire
fiom this Union without the consent of tin ee fourths of all
the States.
Art. 3G. The reserved power of the people in three
fomths of tho States to call and form a national convention
to alter, amend, or abolish this Constitution, accoiding to
its provisions, shall never be questioned, notwithstanding
the dnections in article five of the Constitution.
Art. 17. The articles eight, nine, and ten of these amend-
ments shall not be altered without, the consent of all the
States maintaining service or labor for lite.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
Mr. WHITELEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up, and put upon its
passage, Senate bill No. 95. 1 ask forthe reading
of tho biH.
The bill, whir.li was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay tu Eliza-
