14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
with the Department, and as he came to its relief
in a conjuncture of great embarrassment, his
claim for remuneration should be frankly and
liberally met. I should not regard the Govern-
ment as honorably acquitted of its obligations to
him, without a full redemption of the pledge im-
plied in the assurance which the President, from
high considerations of the public interest, felt
justified in giving him.
In addition to this tri-monthly mail by the
ocean, there exists at present the following over-
land postal connections with the Pacific:
1. A semi-monthly mail from St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, via Salt Lake City, to Placerville, Califor-
nia. The expenditure upon this route was re-
duced $47,000 on the 6th day of June, I860, by
the establishment of a " star" in lieu of the pre-
existing coach service between Salt Lake City
and Placerville, and it has been increased at the
l-ate of $24,381 per annum by the improvement
of the service to a weekly mail between Placer-
ville and Carson City and between St. Joseph
and Port Kearney, for the purpose of supplying
the large and increasing populations ill the regions
of the Pike's Peak and "Washoe mines.
2. A weekly mail from New Orleans, via San
Antonio, Camp Stockton, and El Paso, to San
Francisco.
3. A semi-weekly letter mail from St. Louis
and Memphis, via Fort Smith and El Paso and
Port Yuma, to San Francisco.
The annual cost of these routes, as now mod-
ified—estimating that by the ocean at $350,000—
is $1,202,381. The receipts from them per an-
num, as shown by the tables accompanying this
report, do not exceed §296,469 71. In view of
tins extremely limited revenue, as compared with
the outlay, and of the fact that these routes were
established and are maintained mainly for the
advancement of certain national objects not at all
postal in their character, I respectfully but earn-
estly renew the recommendation contained in my
last annual report, that they shall be at once
put upon the public Treasury.
The following tabic of postages received from,
and expenditures made upon, these several routes
will indicate the postal value of each during the
last year:
Expenditure. Receipts.
1. From New York to San Fianoisoo, ,$3.>0,000 40
2. Overland, via El Pa>o, &.o  600,1)00 119,76616
3. St. Joseph to Salt Lake City  I'M),000 4,30.~> 61
4. Salt Lake City to Placerville.... 83,2-11 0?tf.r>0
5. San Antonio to Camp Stockton.. 70,000 59341
It thus appears that the revenue accruing from
the service between St. Joseph and Placerville,
via Salt Lake City, amounted to but $5,284 14;
yet upon this route—adding theieto the short
distances between St. Louis and St. Joseph and
San Francisco and Placerville—a bill now pend-
ing before Congress proposes the establishment
of u daily service,under the delusive expectation
of carrying through this vast desert, and over
mountains for several months of the year covered
with snow and impassable, the mails, weighing
tons, which are now safely, rapidly, and regu-
larly transported by other routes that are open
and unobstructed throughout the year. The en-
terprise in its practical operation would, no doubt,
result in a complete failure, owing to the charac-
ter of the road, the rigors of the winter, and the
bulk and weight of the mails. It could not be
maintained at a less cost than $600,000 per annum;
and, while disastrous to the last degree to the
postal interests, this lavish outlay would prove
beneficial only to the contractors. If their im-
portunities and the importunities of their friends
cannot be withstood by the Government, it would
be far better that they and their descendants, for
an indefinite period, should be pensioned from the
Treasury, than that this unparalleled waste of the
public money should be allowed.
The act of Congiess of 21st June last directed
me to contract with the California Stage Com-
pany for daily service in stages, between Sacra-
mento City, in California, and Portland, in Ore-
gon, running through in seven days, from April
1 to December 1, and in twelve days, the balance
of the year, at $90,000 per annum. This line
went into operation on the 15th of September,
under my order, when the service previously ex-
isting on the road, costing $25,883 per annum,
was withdrawn. The act also directed the organ-
ization of a six-times-a-week line, in steamboats
and stages, between Portland, Oregon, and Olym-
pia, in Washington Territory, at a rate of cost
not exceeding that prescribed for the former route.
The contractors for the semi-weekly mail already
in operation between the latter points, were di-
rected to improve accordingly, making the trips
in thirty-six hours, as required by the act, at
$12,346 additional pay, per annum. They have
not yet been heard from. The act further directed
that the ocean service, performed semi-monthly
since October, 1857, between San Francisco and
Olympia, at $122,500 per annum, should be with-
drawn, when the routes referred to were put in
operation. The Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
who held the contract therefor, have been in-
structed to discontinue service accordingly. As
there has existed for some years a six-times-a-
week steamboat service, between San Francisco
and Sacramento City, one hundred and twenty
miles, through in eleven hours, and as the net ex-
pense of the new interior route, as arranged, is
but $76,463 a year, it will be perceived that the
effect of the arrangements will be to make the ser-
vice between San Francisco and Olympia (nearly
one thousand miles) much more frequent than
heretofore, and at a considerable saving in ex-
penditure, an increase of mail facilities, which
will, doubtless, afford great satisfaction, as well
as accommodation, to the numerous important
towns lying between said points.
SAN ANTONIO AND SAN DIEGO.
It was stated in the last annual report that the
cost of this service had been reduced from $196,000
to $120,000 per annum, by restoring it to its ori-
ginal footing as a semi-monthly mail. Within
the past year that portion of the route between
San Diego and Fort Yuma was discontinued as
entirely useless, which resulted in a saving of
$28,695. Between El Paso an(f Camp Stockton,
a " star" has been substituted for the coach ser-
vice, and the semi-monthly improved to a weekly
mail, with a reduction of the expendituie of
$12,579. The scrvice has also been increased to
a weekly mail between San Antonio and Camp
Stockton. This has involved an additional
annual outlay of $16,274, which, however, was
necessary in order to complete the postal connec-
tion between New Orleans and San Francisco.
It thus appears that the aggregate of the retrench-
ments made in the expenditures on this route
since March, 1859, amounts to $10] ,000. As thus
modified, the route meets every postal want, and
the service upon it is believed to be entirely sat-
isfactory to the public.
CHARLESTON, SAVANNAH, AND KEY WEST SERVICE.
Under the provisions of the act approved June
25, 1860, proposals were invited for transporting
the mails semi-monthly in steamships between
Charleston and Savannah and Key West; and on
the 3d day of Octobcr, 1860, a contract was con-
cluded with the owner of the steamer Isabel, to
continue for four years from the 1st day of July,
1860, at an annual compensation of $40,000.
Whether the service to be performed be viewed
in its commercial or postal aspects, the sum agreed
to be paid for it must be regarded as extravagant.
The absence, however, of competition, rendered
it impracticable to secure better terms, while the
mandatory tone of the law left the Department no
alternative but to accept the best responsible offer
made, provided it did not exceed the maximum
fixed by the act. The revenues derived from this
service will not exceed $500 per annum; indeed,
as one half of the limited correspondence between
the termini of the route will be conveyed via the
Florida railroad and steamers on the western coast
of the peninsula, the probability is that the re-
ceipts will fall much below the sum named. This
was well known to Congress, and leaves no room
to doubt that commercial considerations alone
led to the enactment of the law under which this
service has been established. In fact, the history
of the act makes this quite as manifest as if the pur-
pose had been declared in the title of the bill itself.
Had this large appropriation been payable from
the common Treasury, I should have forborne
all remark upon its improvidence, and would have
left to others the task of commenting alike upon
the expediency and constitutionality of such a
disposition of the public money. The appropria-
tion, however, was made from the postal fund*
and those charged with its administration cannot
but deplore its perversion to an object so entirely
foreign to that for which it was contributed by
the public. So wasteful an expenditure of the
earnings of the Department is to the last degree
discouraging to all endeavors at prudence' and
frugality in their administration on the part of the
executive branch of the Government. In truth,
this course of legislation is a seeming rebuke to
the self-sustaining theory on which the Post
Office Department was organized and so long and
so honorably conducted,and tends thus to destroy
that powerful motive to economy which has ever
b^en the conservative element of the service. If
persisted in, it must finally result in confounding
the postal revenues with the common Treasury,
and in disavowing the trust with which these rev-
enues have been charged from the foundation of
the Government, or m openly disregarding its
obligations.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER MAIL.
It appears from the last annual report that the
aggregate cost of the service between St. Paul and
New Orleans for the year ending June 30, 1859,
was $328,278. The reduction of $47,213, made
above the mouth of the Ohio, operated to bring
the expenditure for the last fiscal year down to
$281,065. The tri-weekly river mail between
Memphis and New Orleans has been sinco dis-
continued , which has resulted in a further retrench-
ment of $76,600 per annum, so that the total out-
lay upon the route for the current fiscal year will
be $204,465. The discontinuance last referred to
was made in consequence of the heavy through
mails having been transferred to the railroads, of
which acontinuous line now exists between Mem-
phis and New Orleans. The expenditure still
made upon the river route very far exceeds us
postal value, and is only continued from deference
to the apparent will of Congress, as manifested
in the mandatory act under which the service was
established. These contracts will expire on the
30th June, 1862, when it will be practicable and
the duty of the Department to place the trans-
portation of these river mails on the footing which
it occupied prior to the passage of the law re-
ferred to. No doubt is entertained that by en-
gaging their conveyance by the trip, and thus
opening the service to free competition on the part
of the steamer s plying on the Mississippi, at least
$100,000 per annum might be saved from the
present expenditure.
NEW YORK AND NEW ORLEANS MAIL.
The subjoined table will exhibit the character
of the service during the past year between New
York and New Orleans on the central or Knox-
ville route and on that via Wilmington:
Southwestern route, viaKnoxville, Tennessee.
Schedule time, to Match, inclusive, 4{ days; from April,
4 days.
Actual average, 5 day.* 2 hours.
Arrivals in schedule time, 340.
Airivalb out of bchedule tune, 339.
Jltlantic route, via TVihnington, North Carolina.
Schedule time, 5J days.
Actual average, 5 days 19 hours.
Arrivals in schedule time, 431.
Arrivals, out of schedule tune, 136.
Near the close of May last, mails from New
York for New Orleans and from New Orleans for
New York ceased to be transmitted via Wilming-
ton. They have since been sent wholly by the
other route.
It thus appears that while the average time
upon the central route is seventeen hours less than
on that by Wilmington, yet the arrivals upon the
latter are more regular and much more frequently
within the schedules than upon the former. Both
of these routes, however, show a marked im-
provement, alike in regularity and speed, as com-
pared with the returns of the preceding year.
Thus, the central exhibits for 1860, 340 arrivals
in schedule time, against 241 for 1859, and an av-
erage time of 5 days 2 hours against 5 days 22§
hours; while that by Wilmington presents an
average time of 5 days 19 hours against 6 days
1| hour for 1859, and 431 arrivals m schedule
time during about 11 months, against 403 for the
entire year of 1859. Neither of these routes, how-
ever, has fulfilled the promises which were made
to the Department, or justified the expectations
