1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
betli Montgomery, daughter and sole heir of
Captain Hugh Montgomery, of the ship Nancy,
of Wilmington, Delaware, $5,000, in full compen-
sation for his successful effort to prevent the pow-
der and munitions of war belonging to the United
States on board said ship, and for his interest in
the value of said ship, which he blew up to pre-
vent her cargo from failing into the hands of the
enemy during the war of the Revolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I prefer that the bill should
be referred; and therefore I object. I have called
for the regular order of business, and I insist
upon it.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HUGHES introduced the following reso-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into tiie expediency of retio-
ccdmg to the State of Maryland that portion of the District
ot Columbia not necessary to the wants of the Federal
Government and adjacent to said State, separated fiom the
main portion of the District of Columbia by the eastern
branch of the Potomac river.
Mr. HINDMAN. Cannot that resolution be
so amended as to instruct the committee to inquire
into the expediency of retroccdmg the entire Dis-
trict to Maryland ?
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
Piesident of the United States, by J. G. Gloss-
brenner, his Private Secretary; also, a message
notifying the House that he had approved and
signed a bill (H. R. No. 467) granting a pension
to Ehzo Reeves.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent that the message of the President
be read.
Mr. BURNETT. It can be read at some other
time.
UNION RESOLUTION.
Mr. BOTELER. I desire to present to the
House a resolution adopted at a meeting of the
conservative Union men of Jefferson county, Vir-
ginia, held at Charlestown, on Monday last. The
resolution is as follows:
Resolved. That, in the, opinion of this meeting of dele-
gates, the present condition ol this country is such as re-
quires the pending difficulties between the slave and free
States to be permanently settled, and that the convention
of the people ol'this State should uoi finally adjourn before
such permanent settlement is had; and tuitliei, that the
convention, before taking any such action as would sep-
arate this State from the existing Fedeial Government,
should u-^e every exertion to prosuive the Union upon a
ba is of justice to all the sections—^ueh,for instance, as
that known the Crittenden lesolutions.
The resolution was referred to the select com-
mittee of five.
TROOPS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, asked unan-
imous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be requested to re-
port to tins Uou->e how many tioupv have been ordeied to
thi< city since the 1st day ot December la^t; whence they
have been diawn ; the inline and character of the same;
and for what purpose they are quartered here in a tune of
profound peace.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I am not
well versed in the rules of order. I have sought
the floor at least one dozen times during this ses-
sion to move to take up two important bills, as I
consider, introduced by me last session—one to
reduce the mileage and'compensation of members,
and the other a pension foiJL X believe that a large
majority of thcpeopledesiro that those billsshouid
pass; and I ask if, by-the rules of the House, I
can—d\ctilin2;myself of the call for resolution sand
bills from North Carolina—call up the pension
bill, with the view of asking for it to be put upon
its passage ?
The SPEAKER. It cannotbe done, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LEACH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House.
Objection being made, the biil was not taken up
MILITIA OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STANTON introduced and asked leave to
put on its passage a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act more effectually to provide for the organ-
ization of the militia of the District ot Columbia,"
approved March 3, 1803.
Mr. BURNETT. I object;* and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. STANTON. Will it be in order to move
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to refer it to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
The question was first put upon the motion of
Mr. Stanton; and it was not agreed to.
The bill was then referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
AMENDMENTS TO TIIE CONSTITUTION.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. I have a resolution
which, at the proper time, I propose to submit as
an amendment to the joint resolution introduced
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. John
Cochrane,] m reference to a vote of the people of
the several States on propositions to amend the
Constitution of the United States. I ask that it
be referred to the select committee of five.
The joint resolution was received, read a first
and second time, and referred, accordingly.
WATER-WORKS IN WASHINGTON.
M*i\ BURNETT introduced a bill amendatory
of an act approved March 3, 1859, entitled "An
act to provide for the care and preservation of the
water-works constructed by the United States for
bringing the Potomac water into the city of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, for the supply of water
for all Government purposes, and for the uses and
benefits of the inhabitants of said cities;" which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
SAMUEL ROACH.
Mr. QUARLES introduced a bill for the ben-
efit of Samuel Roach; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. QUARLES also introduced a bill to amend
"An act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States," approved
February 24, 1855; which was read a first and
sccond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
RAILROADS POST ROADS.
Mr. Q.UARLES also introduced a bill to de-
clare the railroad bridges across the Cumberland
river, at Nashville, Tennessee, and at Clarkes-
ville, Tennessee, and the railroad bridge across
the Tennessee river noar the mouth of Cane creek,
in Stewart county, Tennessee, post roads; winch
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
RESOLUTIONS OP TIIE TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
Mr. QJJARLES presented the resolutions of
the Tennessee Legislature; which were read, and
laid on the table.
The resolutions were as follows:
3. Resolved hi/ the General Assembly of Tennessee, That
a convention ot delegates tiom ail the slaveiioidmg States
should assemble at Nashville, Tcnnc^&ee, or such other
place as amajoiity of the States co .penning may designate,
on the 4th day of Febiuary, to digest and delme bases upon
which, if possible, the Federal Union and the constitu-
tional lights of the alave States may be pieborved and per-
petuated.
2. Resolved, That the General Assembly of Tennessee
appoint a number of delegates to said t onvention, ol our
ablest and wisest men, equal to our whole delegation in
Congress; and that the Governor of Tennessee immediately
luini-h copies o( the^e resolutions to the Governor ol the
slavelioiding States, and uige "the participation of such
State- in ^aid convention.
3. Resolved, That ui the opinion of the Geneial Assem-
bly of Tennessee, such plan of adjustment Miouid cmbracc
the following pjopotitionf. as amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the Untied States:
First. A declaratory amendment that African slaves, as
held under die institutions of the slaveholdmg States, shall
b< leeogmzed as properly, and entitled to the status of other
propeity, m the States whcie tduvery exists, m all places
within the exclusive junsdietion of Congress m the slave
States, m all the Tcmtones south of .16° ^0 , m the District
of Columbia, in transit, and while temporally sojourning
with the ownei us the tion-sduvehoiding States and Tern-
toriesnoith of 36° 30'; anil, when fugitives fiom the owner,
in the s?>voial place-; above named, as well as in all places
i m tiie evclu&ive jurisdiction ot Congress, m tne non-slave
I holding States.
j Second. That in all the teiritoiy now owned, or which
] maybe here.itter acquired by the" United States, south ot
■ 'he parallel of 35® 30'. Alrican slaveiv shall he recognized
i as eM-tim:, and be protected by all the departments ot the j
Federal and territorial gnverrimentj aiid iu aJi north oflhat
line, now owned or to be acquired, it sfciaJJ jiot be recog-
nized as exiting. And whenever States formed Out Of
anv of said territory south of said lines, having a population
equal to that of a congressional district, shaft apply for
admission into the Union, the same shall; beMmittid as
slave States; while States uortli .lUe liae^rJBedlout^
said territory and having a population equal'to a po.ugres-
sional distnet, shall be admitted without slavery. ; Butt
the States formed out of said territory, nottii'and-Jsdattl>
having been admitted as members of the Unioii,shaU'iiave
all the powers over the institution of slavery possessed by
the other States of the Union. * "
Third. Congress stiall have no power to abolish slavery
in places under its exclusive jurisdiction, arid situate Within
the limits of States that permit the holding of slaves.
Fourth. Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery
within the District of Columbia, as long as it exists in the
adjoining States of Virginia and Maryland, or either, nor
without the consent of the inhabitants, nor without just
compensation made to such owneis of slaves as do not
consent to such abolishment. Nor shall Congress at any
time prohibit officers of the Federal Government, or mem-
bers of Congress, whose duties require them to be in said
District, from bringing with them their slaves, and holding
them as such, during the time their duties may require
them to remain there, and afterwards taking them from the
District.
Fifth.. Congress shall have no power to prohibit orhiuder
the transportation of slaves fiom one State to another, or to
a Territory in which slaves arc by law permitted to be held,
whether that transpoitation be by land, navigable rivers, or
by the soa.
Sixth. In addition to the fugitive slave clausc, provide
that when a slave lias been demanded of the executive
authority of the State to which he has fled, if he is not de-
livered, and the owner permitted to cany him out of the
State in peace, that the State so failing to deliver shall pay
to the owner the value of such slave, and such damages as
lie may have sustained in attempting to reclaim his slave,
and secure his light of action m the Supreme Court of the
United State1-, with execution against the property of such
State, and of tlv> individual members thereof.
Seventh. No fmther amendment of the Constitution
shall atiect the five preceding articles, nor the third para-
giaph ot the second section of the first article of the Con-
stitution, nor the thiid paragiaph of the second section of
the fourthaiticleof said Constitution; and rio amendments
•^hall be made to the Constitution wlucli will authorize or
give to Congress any power to abolish orinterfere with sfa-'
very m any of the. States by whose laws it is or may be
allowed or permitted.
■Eighth. That slave property shall be rendered secure in
uansit through, or while temporarily sojourning in, the non-
slaveholding States, or Territories, or in the District Of
Columbia.
Ninth. An amendment to the effect that all fugitive-? are
to be deemed those offending the Jaws within the jurisdic-
tion of the State, and who escape therefrom to other States;
and that it i  the duty of each State to suppress armed
invasions of another State.
4. Resolved, That said convention of the slaveholding
States, having agreed upon a basis of adjustment satisfactory
to themselves, -liould, in the opinion ot this General Assem-
ble , veler it io a convention of all the States, slaveholdmg
and non-slaveholding, in the manner following: It should
mvitc all the States inendly to such plan ot adjustment to
elect delegates, in such manner as to reflect the popular
will, to assemble in a constitutional convention of all the
States, noi th and ^ouih, to be held at Richmond, Viigima,
on the daj oi i1; binary, 1861,to tevise and perfect said
plan of adjustment for itsieteience forfinalratifieationaud
adoption by conventions of the States respectively.
o. Resolved, That should a plan ofadjustment satisfactory
to the South, .not be acceded to by the requisite number of
States to perfect amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, it is the opinion of this General Assembly
that the slaveholding States should adopt for themselves the
Constitution of the United States, with such amendments
as may bo satisfactory to the slaveholdmg States, and that
they should invite into a Union with them all States of the
North which are willing to abide such amended Constitu-
tion and frame of Government, severing at once all connec-
tion with States refusing &ueh reasonable guarantees to our
future safety—such renewed conditions of Federal Union
being first submitted for ratification to conventions of all the
States lespeetivejy.
6. Resolved, That the Governor nf Tennessee furnish
copies of these resolutions immediately to the Governors of
the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States.
COST Oi1 MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. COLFAX. I have in my hand a commu-
nication from the Post Office Department in ref-
erence to the cost of the mail service. I ask that
it be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and that it be printed.
No objection being made, it was so ordered
POST ROUTES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill declar-
ing all railroad bridges post routes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
JOHN C. WATROUS.
Mr. HAMILTON asked the unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the consideration of the report from the
Committee on the J utile iai y m the ease ofJolurC', Waoous,
tiiMuet judge of the United States lor the eastern district
ot'Texa*, be made the special order ol" the day formonday,
the 4th of February next, after tile expiiation of tile mo;n-
inir hour, and tieit'the eon^ideiatinn of the sanie be contin
lied Irom dav to dav untU it shaii be disposeri or.
