600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Mr. KILLINGER objected; and the resolution
was not received.
SOLDIERS IN" FORT SUMTER.
Mr. CURTIS introduced a bill for the relief of
certain musicians and soldiers stationed at Fort
Sumter, in South Carolina; which was read a first
and sccond time.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask that the bill may be put
upon its passage now.
Mr. BURNETT objecting, the bill was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
THE HERMITAGE.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report on thb matter re-
lating to the propriety of accepting the Hermitage
as a branch of the Military Academy, or for some
other school or purpose; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. VANDEVER introduced a joint resolu-
tion in reference to the political difficulties of the
country; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the select committee of five.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would like to have a vote
upon all these resolutions. The time has come
when we should show hands all around, and let
the country know what we arc going to do.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. Would it be in order to vote
upon these resolutions by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. JUNKTN. I object.
Mr. VANDEVER. I would like to say a word
in reference to those resolutions.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
DUTY ON SUGAR.
Mr. ALDRICH introduced the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Wa5fs and Moans be,
and are hereby, instructed to inquiic into the expediency
and piopncty of repealing the laws, 01 paih> of J.uv>, im-
posing a duty or tarill on sugar impoi ted into the United
States.; and that said committee ropoitby bill ot otherwise.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman allow
that resolution to be so amended as to include the
repeal of duties upon iron, and also the fishing
bounties?
The resolution was agreed to.
SURVEYING DISTRICTS.
Mr. ALDRICH introduced a bill for the con-
solidation of surveying districts; which was read
a first and sccond time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on JPublic Lands.
CHARLES THOMPSON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a
bill for the relief of Charles Thompson; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the PostOtfice and Post Roads.
HAW-BREED RESERVATION.
Mr. DAILY introduced a bill declaring the
Indian half-breed reservation to be a part of the
Territory of Nebraska; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. McKEAN. I beg leave to present the
proceedings of a largo and, unanimous meeting,
lield without distinction of party, at Sandy IiilJ,
New York, declaring their approbation of the
President's late special message to Congress; that
Major Anderson is entitled to their warmest
thanksand gratitude,and shall be sustained, what-
ever may be the consequences; that no State has
the right to dissolve its connection with thisGov-
ment, and every attempt to do so must be pre-
vented at every hazard; that every man, North
or South, who sets the Government at defiance,
and aids in secession or disunion, is guilty of
treason; calling on the Government to promptly
rcinforceFortSumter with men and supplies; to
retake, without reference to consequences, every
fort, arsenal, custom-house, or other public prop-
erty, seized by southern traitors; to immediately
blockade every harbor of every seceding State,
and stop all postal communication with them.
I also present a memorial, folded in the Ameri-
can flag, signed by five hundred and fifty-three
legal voters, without distinction of party, of
Whitehall, New York, with preamble and reso-
lutions attached, deploring the distracted condi-
tion of the country, and requesting their Senators
and instructing their Representatives in Congress
to urge the immediate passage of the Crittenden
compromise, or, without delay, adopt some other
mode of adjustment which may be satisfactory to
all sections of the Union, and forever settle this
unwise controversy and agitation.
The proceedings and memorial were laid upon
the table.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the memorial and accompanying papers of Wil-
liam D. Nutt.
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, presented the pro-
ceedings of a public meeting held at Gosport, in
his congressional district, recommending the adop-
tion of the Crittenden proposition; winch were
laid upon the table.
BORDER SLAVE STATES.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the members of this House from thp bor-
der slave States be respectfully requested tosubmitTo this
[louse an ultimatum ptoposltion, embracing their views
upon the questions now dividing the Union, and by which
they are willing to stand, and pledge their respective Suites
to stand, now and hereafter, as a final settlement of said
questions.
Mr. GROW. I object to that resolution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move the previous
question upon the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is objected to.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is in order
under the call of the States; and the call for the
previous question by the gentleman from Illinois
cuts off debate.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from Illinois
had the floor when I made the objection, I sup-
pose he could move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. He was on^the floor and
moved the previous question.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the pre-
vious question be not sustained, the resolution
must go over, if any gentleman proposes to de-
bate it. I call for tellers on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Somes,and
Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I modify my res-
olution by striking out the word " border," so
as to make it read " the slave States."
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 29; noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution must
lie over.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules, so that the resolution may be
considered now.
Mr. HINDMAN. I believe the morning hour
has expired; and that the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired; and nothing is in order but to proceed to
the consideration of the special order, upon which
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pryor] has
the floor by assignment.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Virginia
is not here to claim the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I have sent for him, and he
will be here in a moment.
Mr. NOELL. As the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not present, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No 7, which
I attempted to get up the other day.
Mr. trROW. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I notice that a number of
propositions referred to the committee of five this
morning lia\e been ordered to be printed. I hope
that, by unanimous consent,all such propositions
will be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. My colleague [Mr. Pryor] is
now in his place.
COLLECTION OF TIIE REVENUE, ETC.
Mr. SICKLES. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I desire to offer a reso-
lution calling for information. It will give rise to
no debate.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform this House whether the duties on imports con-
tinue to be collected in the poiw of entry established by
law in the States of South Caiohna, Georgia, Alabama,
Louisiana, and Florida; and whether any hiiuhanees exi&l
to the lawful entry and elcaring ot vessels therein. Also,
the picsent condition of the light-houses, beacons, and
buoys in the said harbors and adjacent waters. Also, what
measures, if any, have been taken to secure the revenue
vessels in the service of the Department Jrom beizurc, or
to recover possession of such as have been seized. Also,
what measures have been adopted for the security of the
public moneys in the hands of depositaries in the aforesaid
States, and whether they are available to the Treasury.
Also, whethci the use and control of any of the marine
hospitals, permanent or temporary, have been interfered
with, and what proceedings have been adopted with refer-
ence thereto.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. I object
to that resolution.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I desire to give notice to
the House that if I can get the floor when the
gentleman from Virginia has concluded, 1 shall
endeavor to call up the bill for the admission of
Kansas into the Union, which has been returned
from the Senate with amendments.
MESSAGE FR03I TIIE PRESIDENT.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Virginia permit a message from the President
which was received this morning, and lies upon
the Speaker's table, to be read before he com-
mences his remarks? It ought to be referred.
Mr. PRYOR. I will yield for that purpose,
provided it will not come out of my time.
Mr. STANTON. Of course not.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States;
which was read by the Clerk, as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of theUnited States:
I deem itmydutyto submitto Congress a series
of resolutions adopted by the Legislature of Vir-
ginia, on the 19th instant, having in view a peace-
ful settlement of the exciting questions which now
threaten the Union. They were delivered to me
on Thursday, the 24th instant, by ex-President
Tyler, who has left his dignified and honored re-
tirement in the hope that he may render service
to his country in this its hour of peril. These res-
olutions, it will be perceived, extend an invitation
" to all such States, whether slaveholdmgor non-
slaveholding, as are willing to unite with Virginia
in an earnest effort to adjust the present unhappy
controversies in the spirit in which the Constitu-
tion was originally formed, and consistently with
its principles, so as to afford to the people of the
slaveholding States adequate guarantees for the
security of their rights, to appoint commission-
ers to meet, on the 4th day of February next, in
the city of Washington, similar commissioners
appointed by Virginia, to consider, and, if prac-
ticable, agree upon some suitable adjustment.55
I confess 1 hail this movement, on the part of
Virginia, with great satisfaction. From the past
history of this ancient and renowned Common-
wealth, we have the fullest assurance that what
she has undertaken she will accomplish, if it can
be done by able, enlightened, and persevering
efforts. It is highly gratifying to know that other
patriotic States have appointed, and are appoint-
ing, commissioners to meet those of Virginia in
council. When assembled, they will constitute a
body entitled, in an eminent degree, to the confi-
dence of the country.
The General Assembly of Virginia have also
resolved " that ex-President John Tyler is hereby
appointed, by the concurrent vote of each branch
of the General Assembly, a commissioner to the
President of the United States; and Judge John
Robertson is hereby appointed, by a like vote, a
commissioner to the State of South Carolina and
the other States that have seceded or shall secede,
with instructions respectfully to request the Pres-
ident of the United States and the authorities of
such States to agree to abstain, pending the pro-
ceedings contemplated by the action of this Gen-
eral Assembly, from any and all acts calculated
to producc a collision of arms between the States
and the Government of the United States."
However strong may bemydesire toenterinto
such an agreement, I am convinced that I do not
