46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
[December 1,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the existing law, provided it can command the
entire local correspondence for delivery. This
can be accomplished only by placing the postal
systefn on the same footing in the cities that it
occupies in the rural districts. That such a ne-
cessity would arise was clearly foreseen by Con-
gress, and in the tenth section of the act of March
3,1851, the Postmaster General was authorized
to establish post routes within all cities and towns
•where the postmasters are appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States. By virtue of this act,
I have> by formal order, declared all the streets,
lanes, avenues, &.c., within the corporate limits
of the cities of Boston, New York, and Philadel-
phia, to be post roads, and have notified all on-
gaged in the transportation and delivery of letters,
for compensation, in said cities, that they would
thereby expose themselves to the penalties im-
posed dv tlie third section of the act of March 2,
1827. The private expresses in the cities named
have acquiesced in the legality of this step, with
the exception of one in Philadelphia, known as
"Blood^a Express," which has continued the
regular delivery of letters in defiance of the order
of the Department.
A bill zn equity was filed with a view of re-
straining: the company from this habitual and
persistent violation of the postal laws; but, tipon
full argument and consideration had on the ques-
tions involved, the injunction was denied. The
ground assumed by tlie learned judges in their de-
cision—a copy of which accompanies this report
—is that the statute of March 3,1851, did not in
tend to confer upon the Government the same
monopoly as carriers of letters, packets, &c., over
the post routes thereby authorized to be estab-
lished, as was conferred upon it by the act of
March 2, 1827, in reference to the general post
roads of the country. While entertaining the most
profound respect for the tribunal pronouncing this
opinion, it is but proper to say that its reasoning-
has not impressed me, nor have 1 been able to
adopt the conclusions at which it has arrived.
The streets, alloys, &c., of Philadelphia arc now,
by virtue of the act of March 3, 1851, " post
routes;" this is not denied. The statute of March
2, 1827, declares that " no person, other than the
Postmaster General, or his authorized agents,
shall set up any foot or horse post for the con-
veyance of letters and packets upon any post road,
which is or may be established as such by law; and
that every person who shall offend, sliall incur a
penalty,"&c. If the woids " any post road which
is or way be established," do not embrace those
declared to be such by law in the city of Phila-
delphia, it is not easy to conceive what terms
could bo employed sufficiently comprehensive for
the purpose. The quo ammo imputed to Con-
gress in the enactment of the act of March 3,1851,
is by no means made apparent in the course of
the argument. The monopoly created by the act
of March 2, 1827, would seem to extend alike to
every post road then existing, or thereafter to ex-
ist, whether pervading the country or the city, or
connecting different post offices with each other,
or with the domicil of the citizen. There is no
restriction in the language; and to impose one by
construction is to impair, if not to defeat, the car-
rier system which Congress has recognized as a
necessary integral part of the postal service. It
seems! that every consideration which can be urged
in support of the monopoly, conceded to exist on
the general post roads of the country, will equally
apply to that claimed for those of the city. As
tne constitutional power for the purpose is not
seriously controverted, with a view of relieving
the Department from future litigation upon the
question, 1 recommend that, in terms so precise
and emphatid as notto be mistaken by the courts,
Congress shall apply the provisions of the act of
March 2, 1827, to all post routes established in
the cities under the authority of the statute of
March 3, 1851.
No objection, on the score either of policy or
principle, can be successfully urged against the
suppression t>f the private expresses occupied in
the conveyance of letters and packets in our cities.
The growth of these cities, and the wants of our
civilization, render the ministrations of the postal
service, in the delivery of letters and packets at
the residence of the citizen, as indispensable as
they are in the transportation and delivery of the
mails at the various post offices in the country
districts. But the service can only be maintained
as a unit by clothing it with the rights and priv-
ileges of a complete Government monopoly in all
the fields of its operation. Some of its branches
are well known to be heavy burdens upon the
Department; and they would be insupportably
oppressive, were it not for the relief afforded by
other branches which are remunerative; but which
will continue to be so only so long as the compe-
tition of private enterprise is effectually excluded.
There are now four daily deliveries of letters
and packets by carriers in the city of New York,
four in Philadelphia, and three in Boston; and
the number will be increased from time to time,
as the increase of population and correspondence
will justify it. The high puce of labor, however,
and the low rates of our postages, forbid the hope
that, without some change in the existing laws,
the system can ever attain the perfection which
distinguishes it in some of the European capitals.
While this is admitted, it should also be stated
that its operations thus far have been more suc-
cessful than could have been anticipated, in view
of the obstacles it has had to encounter. The
introduction of every new system, while seeking
the advancement of the public good, can rarely
avoid the invasion of local and petty personal
interests, which provokes a hostility that too
often finds its expression in deceptive criticism
and unscrupulous defamation. .When to such
unworthy opposition the press is tempted to lend
its influence, undue importance is given to the
slightest irregularities that may occur. Every
effort possible, with the funds under the control
of the Department, has been made to improve the
efficiency of the carrier system; and while defects
have existed, and still exist, it is believed that
the result has satisfied public expectation, and
has been creditable to the vigilant and faithful
officers who have been charged with the super-
vision of this difficult and perplexing branch of
the public service. Appended to this repoitwill
be found an into testing communication from Hon.
John A. Dix, the present enlightened head of the
post office at New York. The views which he
presents are the results of a thorough study of
the details and practical working of the carrier
system in that city, and his suggestions for its
improvement are worthy of the most careful con-
sideration of Congress.
registration of letters.
The act of March 3, 1855, providing for the
registration of valuable letters posted for trans-
mission m the mails of the United States has now
been in operation more than five years, but with
results, I regret to add, which have disappointed
the expectations that led to the adoption of this
novel feature m our postal system. Whether re-
garded as a precaution for the protection of the
interests of this class of correspondents, or as an
instrumentality for the detection of depredations
upon the mails, the law has proved a failure.
The Government assumes no responsibility what-
ever for the loss of letters or packets thus regis-
tered, and as they are conveyed in the same
pouches, they are surrounded by no greater guar-
antees for their security, either in transmission or
delivery, than such as belong to the ordinary mails
of the country. They bear a mark, however,
which indicates to all through whose hands they
pass, their valuable character; and this indication
serves rather to suggest and invite depredation
than to prevent it. The practical working of our
mail system makes it entirely manifest that every-
thing—be it bulk or registry mark—which points
out the valuable contents of letters and packets, is,
as far as possible, to be avoided as certainly endan-
gering their safety. aThe principal argument
which has been advanced in support of the exist-
ing registry act is, that it operates as a safeguard
for the rest of the mails by diverting the attention
of the depredators from them. While this is no
doubt true to a degree, it serves rather to confirm
than to confute the view which I have presented
against the longer continuance of a precaution
that is fruitful only in danger to what it was de-
signed to protect. The sagacity of private in-
terest is proverbial, and the following table, show-
ing the revenue derived from the registration of
letters for the last five years, makes it clear that
the public are fast losing the confidence with
which the registry system was at first received.
Amount of fees collected for registered letters
for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1856 $31,466 50
June 30, 1857  35,876 87
June 30, 1858  28^145 16
June 30,1850  25,053 95
June 30,1860  25,038 70
It will be observed that the receipts for 1860
were $10,838 17 or 32.2 per cent less than for the
year 3857. This exhibits a falling off in the
number of letters and packets registered to the
amount of 216,760; and yet during the brief period
in which this decline occurred, the general cor-
respondence and revenues of the service increased
at least fifteen and a half per cent. This condi-
tion of things can only find an explanation in the
fact that correspondents have become convinced
that in registering their valuable letters they Lave
been but holding a light for the depredator, in-
stead of darkening his way or embarrassing him
in the commission of his crime. In this convic-
tion I fully concur.
It can scarcely be doubted that some plan could
be devised, in connection with the existing postal
service, which would secure the conveyance of all
valuables committed to the mails under satisfac-
tory guarantees for their safety, and under proper
responsibilities on the part of the Government;
but whether the public would submit to the in-
creased rates of postage, which the administration
of such a system would involve, may well be
questioned. The subject is commended to the
consideration of Congress as one of much import-
ance; and should such a plan as has been sug-
gested be devised and successfully carried into
execution, not the least of its advantages would
be the withdrawal of treasure from the ordinary
mails of the country. The temptation to which
postal officials are now exposed would no longer
exist, and most of the demoralization that dis-
honois the service would thus disappear.
defalcation of postmaster at new york.
In a report addressed to the House of Repre-
sentatives, under date of 5th June last, the cir-
cumstances attending the defalcation of Isaac V.
Fowler, late postmaster at New York, were fully
set forth. His embezzlement has been since
ascertained to amount to $170,947 67. For this
offense, which the statute justly punishes as a
felony, an indictment has been found; but as
Fowler is still a fugitive from justice, no arrest
has taken place, and no trial can be had. A civil
suit on his official bond has been commenced
against his sureties; but no judgment has as yet
been obtained. They resist the recovery princi-
pally on the ground that it was understood be-
tween themselves and Fowler thatanother surety
should sign the bond before it was delivered to
the Government, which was not done. Fowler
has given his deposition in support of his defense,
alleging that there was such an agreement between
himself and the two sureties now sued, but that
he failed to procure the signature of the third
surety named, and forwarded the bond to the
Department without appiising it of the existence
of this agreement. It was thus accepted in good
faith by the Government, without the slightest
intimation from any quarter that its execution
was informal or incomplete. The gross fraud
attempted to be practiced by this concealment,
was a fitting prelude to the embezzlement winch
followed, if, indeed, it was not a systematic prep-
aration for it. Should the court hold that this
secret compact between these sureties and their
principal, though not communicated to the Gov-
ernment, will bar the pending suit, then no con-
fidence can be safely reposed by the Departments
in any bond executed by their officers engaged
in the public service. In that event, it will be
for Congress to determine whether some further
legislation is not necessary for the protection of
those interests whose security the announcement
of so extraordinary a legal proposition must
necessarily compromise.
retrenchment.
The experience of the past year has fully vin-
dicated the retrenchment and reforms previously
made, and which were presented somewhat in
detail in the last annual report. So far fiom im-
