1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
possess the power. Congress, and Congress alone,
under the war-making power, can exercise the
discretion of agreeing to abstain " from any and
all acts calculated to produce a collision of arms"
between this and any other Government. It
would, therefore, be a usurpation for the Execu-
tive to attempt to restrain their hands by an agree-
ment in regard to matters over which he has no
constitutional control- If he were thus to act,
they might pass laws which he should be bound
to obey, though in conflict with his agreement.
Under existing circumstances, my presenf ac-
tual power is confined within narrow limits. It
is my duty at all times to defend and protect the
public property within the seceding States so far
as this may be practicable, and especially to em-
ploy all constitutional means to protect the prop-
erty of the United States, and to preserve the
public peace at this the seat of the Federal Gov-
ernment. If the seceding States abstain "from
any and all acts calculated to produce a collision
of arms," then the danger so much to be depre-
cated will no longer exist. Defense, and not
aggression, has been the policy of the Adminis-
tration from the beginning.
But whilst' I can enter into no engagement such
as that proposed, 1 cordially commend to Con-
gress, with much confidence that it will meet their
approbation, to abstain from passing any law cal-
culated to pioduce a collision of arms pending the
proceedings contemplated by the action of the
General Assembly of Virginia. I am one of those
who will never despair of the Republic. I yet
cherish the belief that the American people will
perpetuate the Union of the States on some terms
just and honorable for all sections of the country.
I trust that the mediation of Virginia may be the
destined means, under Providence, of accomplish-
ing this inestimable benefit. Glorious as are the
memories of her past history, such ari achieve-
ment, both in relation to her own fame and the
welfare of the whole country, would surpass them
all. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington City, January 28, 1861.
Exfctttivf. Department, Richmond,
January 20, 1861.
Sir : X have the honor to transmit herewith resolutions
adopted by the General Assembly of Virginia yesterday.
Very respectfully, JOHN LETCHER.
Preamble and Resolutions adopted by the General •Assembly
of Virginia, January 19, 1861.
Whereas it is the deliberate opinion of the General As-
sembly of Virginia, that unless the unhappy controveisy
which now divides the States ot tins Coniedeiacy shall be
satisfactorily adjusted, a permanent dissolution of the CJnion
is inevitable; and the General Assembly, repiesentin? the
wishes of the people of the Commonwealth, is desnous of
employing every reasonable means to averts-o dire acalam-
ity, and determined to make a final effort to re«toie tlie
Union and the Constitution, in the spirit in which they
were established by the lathersof the Republic: Therefore,
Resolved, That on behalf ot the Commonwealth of Vir
ginia, an invitation is hereby extended to all such States,
whethei blaveholdin^or non-slaveholdmg,as aie willing to
unite with Virginia in an earnest effovt to afljUftthe present
unhappy controversies in the spirit in which the Constitu-
tion was ongmallv formed, and consistently with its prin-
ciples, so as to afford to the people of the slavehoidtng
States adequate guarantees foi the secuiity of theii i ijjhtf",
to appoint commissioners to meet, on the 4th day of Feb-
ruary next, in the city of Washington, similar commission-
ers appointed by Vnginia, to consider, and, if practicable,
agree upon some suitable adjustment.
Resolved, That ex-Piesident John Tyler, William C.
Rives, Judge John W. Brockenbrough, George W. Sum-
mers, and James A. Seddon, are hereby appointed commis-
sioner", whose duty it shall be to repair to the city of Wash-
ington, on the day designated in the foregoing resolution, to
meet such commissioners as may be appointed by any of
the said States, in accordance with the foregoing resolu-
tion.
Resolved, That if said commissioners, after full and nee
conference, shall agree upon any plan of adjustment requir-
ing amendments ofthe Federal Constitution, for the further
security ofthe rights of the people ofthe slaveholdmg States,
they be lequested to communicate the proposed amend-
ments to Congress, for the purpose of having the same sub-
mitted by that body, according to the forms of the Consti-
tution, to the several States for ratification.
Resolved, That if said commissioners cannot agree on
such adjustment, or, if agreeing, Congress shall refuse to
submit for ratification such amendments as may be pro-
posed, then the commissioners of this State shall imme-
diately communicate the result to the Executive of this
Commonwealth, to be by him laid before the convention of
the people of Vugima and the General Assembly: Provided,
that the said comnus&ionei*> be subject at all times to the
control of the General Assembly, or, if in session, to that
of the State convention.
Resolved, That in the opinion of the General Assembly
of Virginia, the piopo^itions embraced in the resolutions
presented to the Senate of the United States by Hon. John
J. CitiTTEMJiiN—bo modified as that the fust article pro-
posed as an amendment to the Constitution ot the united
States shall apply to all the territory of the United States
now held or hereafter acquired south of iatitude36<,30',and
piovide that flaveiy ofthe African race shall be effectually
protected a^ property therein during the continuance ofthe
territorial government, and the fourth article shall secure
to the owneis of slaves the right of transit with their slaves
between and through the non-slaveholding States and Ter-
ritories—constitute the basis of such an adjustment of the
unhappy controversy which now divides the States of this
Confederacy, as would be accepted by the people of this
Commonwealth.
Resolved, That ex-President John Tyler is hereby appoint-
ed, by the concurrent rote of each branch of the General
Assembly, a commissioner to the President of the United
States; and Judge John Robertson is hereby appointed, by a
like vote, a commissioner to the State of South Carolina,
and the other States that have seceded, or shall secede,
with instructions respectfully to request the Piesident of
the United States and the authoi ities of such States to agree
to abstain, pending the proceedings contemplated by the
action of this General Assembly, fiom any and all acts cal-
culated to pioduce a collision of arms between the States
and the Government of the United States.
Resolved, That copies of the foregoing resolutions be
foithwith telegraphed to the Executives of the several
States, and also to the President of the United States; and
that the Governor be requested to inform, without delay,
the commissioners of their appointment by the foregoing
resolutions.
A copy from the rolls.
WILLIAM F. GORDON, Jr.,
C. II. D. aiul K. R. of Virginia.
The Commonwealth of Virginia, to all to whom these
presents shall come, greeting:
Know you, that the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Viigima, having, by joint resolution, adopted on
the 19th instant, and heieto attached, appointed ex-Picsi-
derit John Tyler a commissioner to the President of the
United States to carry out the instructions convoyed m said
resolution: therefore J,John Letcher,Governor, do hereby
announce the said appointment, and authenticate the same,
In testimony whereof, I have heieunto set my hand and
caused the great seal of the Sfate to be atFixed, in
[l. s.] the city of Richmond, this 2Uth day of January,
anno Domini, 1861.
JOHN LETCIIER.
By the Governor:
George W. Munford,
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
Mr. STANTON. I move that that message be
printed, and referred to the standing Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move as an
amendment to that motion, that it be referred to
the special committee of five.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I would sug-
gest that whatever committee the message is re-
ferred to, ought to have power to report it back
at any time; otherwise it will be locked up where
the House cannot control it.
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman from Virginia
only yielded the floor for the reading of the mes-
sage, and is now entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. It is proper that the mes-
sage should be disposed of in some way.
Mr. STANTON. If the House will allow me,
I will move that the message be referred to the
standing Committee on Military Affairs, with
power to report on it at any time.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
A motion has been made to refer the message to
the Committee on Military Affairs; and the gen-
tleman from New York moves, as an amendment,
that it be referred to the special committee of five.
Mr. BOCOCK. If there is to be any debate on
this motion, it should be allowed to go over until
my colleague [Mr. Pryor] makes his speech.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move the previous question.
Mr. CURTIS. The question should first be
taken on the motion to refer to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That statement is correct.
The question is .on referring the message to the
Military Committee.
Mr. iBOCOCK. I am bound to interpose on
behalf of my colleague, who says he only yielded
to have the message read.
Mr. STANTON. The previous question is
demanded, and that will put an end to the matter
at once.
Mr. MILLSON. I think the question deserves
some little consideration. I therefore move to
postpone the further consideration of the Presi-
dent's message till to-morrow.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; let that course
be taken.
The motion was agreed to.
STATJ2 OF THE UNION.
The House resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the report of the special com-
mittee of thirty-three, on which Mr. Pryor was
entitled to the floor.
>/
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, the resolutions
before the House invite discussion of all the issues
involved in the present unhappy controversy.
The rapid march of events, outstripping the dila-
tory movements of procrastinating politiciansj
leaves us no question to consider but the alterna-
tive of peace or war. While your-eommittee
of compromise have been painfully elaborating
plans of adjustment—all " mean reparations upon
mighty ruinn"—the dispute has become incapa-
ble of accommodation; and the results their wis-
dom was to intercept are now accomplished and
irrevocable facts. Of thethirty-threeStates which
composed the Confederacy, at the beginning of
this session, six are no longer members of the
Union. Not many days will elapse before others
will follow their example. Sir, it is an idle and
unmeaning mockery to talk of preserving the
Union; and they who indulge in this strain of
declamation betray little of the candor demanded
by the urgency of til# occasion. In the presence
of so tremendous a catastrophe as that which now
oppresses us—the overthrow of Government, (he
partition of a great empire, and the imminent
hazard of civil war—we owe it to ourselves and
to the country to be done with the expedients
of a timid and temporizing policy, and to address
ourselves to the emergency without reserve and
without equivocation.
The issue before the country, I repeat, sir, is
the simple question of peace or war. Acting, as
they conceive, from the impulse of abundant prov-
ocation, and exerting a power which they derive
from the fundamental principles of this Govern-
ment, the States of South Carolina, Mississippi,
Florida, Alabama, Georgia, and Louisiana, have
renounced the Confederacy and assumed the atti-
tude of independent republics. The party into
whose hands the control of the Administration is
passing, so far from a recourse to conciliatory
measures and a recognition of the right of seces-
sion, obdurately reject all overtures of compro-
mise, and avow a purpose to employ all the re-
sources of Government for the subjugation of the
retiring States. And so it is that the calamities
of civil war are about to be precipitated upon the
country.
Mr. Speaker, in the suspense of this dreadful
expectation, the people of the South are sustained
by the conviction that, after the passions and pre-
judices of the moment have passed away, im-
partial history will acquit them of responsibility
for the consequences of the impending conflict.
Whenever, in after times, men shall revert to the
events of this period, they will curse the madness
of those by whom humanity was so deeply
wounded; but not upon us will iall their maledic-
tions. In what obligation of confederate duty,
I demand, have we of the South been found de-
linquent? Do we not contribute more than an
equal proportion to the support of your Govern-
ment? Has not southern statesmanship success-
fully guided the councils of the Republic in peace?
Has not southern valor gloriously illustrated its
arms on the field of battle ? To what pledge of
confederate faith have we been recreant ? Nor is
it only in a literal compliance with the obligations
of the constitutional compact that the South has
exhibited its patriotic fidelity. In our conception,
something more was exacted by the association of
fellow-citizenship; and we have denied the people
of the North no facility ill trade, and no advant-
age of policy which might promote their pros-
perity. With whose acquiescence,and to whose
detriment, were measures of protection enacted
for the .aggrandizement of your manufacturing
interest? Upon the productions of whose indus-
try does your splendid commerce subsist? Until
the demon of sectional discord was roused by
your invasion of our rights, we willingly bore
the burden of unequal tariffs and exclusive boun-
ties, to assist the development of your resources;
and your marvelous opulence we contemplated
with the pride of fraternal sympathy. In this
spirit of unselfish patriotism, Virginia contrib-
uted a princely domain to tlj| ascendency of the
North, little dreaming that the States to be born
of her bounty would repay her munificence with
more than the ingratitude of Lear's unnatural
offspring. , .
Sir, in what manner have the loyalty and de-
votion of the South been requited by our con-
federates of the North? I propound the inquiry
in no spirit of vindictive accusation. Indeed,
