I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ir
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho., of Reps.
pairing, t^hey have greatly increased the efficiency
of the service, while they have unquestionably
elevated and purified its moral tone. The policy
which they announced is believed to have the
support of the deliberate judgment of the country,
and is not the less valid because its practical en-
forcement may have given offense to those whose
unscrupulous ambition would use the revenues of
this Department as an instrument for political
advancement. The opinion is entertained more
firmly than ever that the Department should be
administered in conformity to the self-sustaining
theory on which it was organized and faithfully
conducted for forty-five years, and that every
departure from this principle is deplorable in its
tendencies, alike to its honor and to the vigor and
success of its operations. Large retrenchments
have been made in the cost of the service during
the past year, which, however, will be overcome
by the expenditures upon the new routes ordered
by Congress, and which have been put into op-
eration since the close of the last session. This
excess bears but a small proportion to the heavy
increase in the postal revenues as compared with
the previous year; so that the financial status of
the Department is still continually improving, as
rapidly as the legislation of Congress will permit.
All complaints made of reductions upon the routes
have been carefullyexamined;and additional mail
facilities have been ordered whenever the amount
of correspondence conveyed would in any degree
justify it. The postal fund is the common prop-
erty of the nation, and should be disbursed on
uniform and just principles; and no community
or region of country has a right to demand that a
larger proportion of it shall be expended, either
for the multiplication or acceleration of its mails,
than its correspondence will entitle it to. In Eng-
land this rule of administration is universally rec-
ognized and cheerfully acquiesced in by the pub-
lic. In that country, from whose large experience
and ripened judgment in postal affairs much may
be learned, when a city or community requires
mail accommodations beyond what its legitimate
share of the postal fund will afford, they are
granted only on condition that the excess shall
be paid for by those at whose instance and for
whose benefit the expenditure is made. This is
the inexorable law of the service; and while its
operation is just to all, it checks extravagant and
wasteful appropriations of the postal revenues,
and thus protects the Department from those op-
pressive burdens which are so heedlessly im-
posed upon it in the United States. This prin-
ciple is thus enforced even against the Government
itself, so that while the English steamers carry
the mails at enormous cost to almost every part
of the civilizcd woild,the Post Office Department
is debited with only so much of this expenditure
as is covered by the postages received on the
mails thus conveyed. The excess is defrayed
by appropriations from the Treasury of the na-
tion, m furtherance of whose interests this ex-
tended and onerous service is performed. This
system, so carefully maintained, is an illustra-
tion alike of justice and of an enlightened states-
manship, whose lessons should not be lost.
amendments of postal laws.
At the last session of Congress, bills were in-
troduced in the House of J^ppresentatives, hav-
ing for their object various modifications, which
I ventuie to hope will be made in our postal laws
at an early day. Although the measures therein
proposed have been recommended by the Depart-
ment in special communications to the Post Office
Committee of the House, I deem it proper here
to refer to them, and to recapitulate, briefly,
some of the reasons submitted in support of their
passage.
It is proposed to fix a uniform late of five cents
for ship letters, whether delivered at the port of
arrival or forwarded by mail, thus avoiding the
anomaly of charging six rents when delivered at
the poi t of arrival, and only five cents when for-
warded as required by existing laws. The fee
to captains being two cents, (he Depaitmcnt will
receive the uniform rate of three cents as its share
of the postage.
To guaid against loss to the postal revenue
fiorn the tuuismission of mail matter outside of
the mails by steamships running on mail lines,
New Series—No. 2.
it is recommended that the ordinary rate of post-
age, with two cents added, (the captain's fee,)
be charged on all letters so carried, instead of
the ship-letter rate.
Upon all letters to foreign countries with
which we have no postal arrangements, as to
Mexico, Cuba, &c., it is considered Vfery advisa-
ble to have a uniform rate of ten cents, instead of
charging, as at present, ten or twenty cents, ac-
cording to distance. It is often difficult, particu-
larly for postmasters in the interior, to determine
the distance letters are to be transmitted; and this
leads to irregularity and complaint. In some in-
stances insufficient postage is taken, and the let-
ter has to be returned for full prepayment; while
in others too much is collected. Much the greater
part of this correspondence comes within the
twenty-five hundred miles.
It is proposed to permit regular dealers in
newspapeis and periodicals to receive by mail
such quantities of cither as they may require, and
to pay the postage on receipt, at the same rates as
regular subscribers to such publications. The
object and propriety of this will be readily per-
ceived.
Maps, engravings, lithographs, or photographic
prints, on rollers or in paper covers, phonographic
paper, letter envelopes, and books, bound or un-
bound, it is recommended shall be alio wed to be sent
in the mail chaiged with postage by the weight of
the package, not to exceed four pounds, at one cent
an ounce, to any place in the United States under
fifteen hundred miles, and two cents an ounce over
fifteen hundred miles. It is proposed, also, to
apply the same rates to cards, blank or printed,
when put up in packages of at least cightounces,
and of seeds or cuttings, in packages not exceed-
ing eight ounces in weight. Many of the above
enumerated aiticles are now entirely withheld
from the mails, owing to their being subject to
lettcrpostage; and by reducing the rate upon them
a much desired accommodation will be secured
to the public, and the revenues of the Department
increased.
Under the act of 1855, the domestic rate of post-
age for letters is three cents under three thousand
miles, and ten cents when the distance exceeds
three thousand miles. The intention of this lim-
itation was to secure the higher rate upon all let-
ters transmitted to and from the Pacific States.
But since the establishment of the overland mail,
the distance from the valley of the Mississippi to
California being less than three thousand miles,
much of this correspondence pays only the lower
rate of three cents; and in order to maintain the
original purpose of the law, it is recommended
that said act be so modified as to require the ten-
cent rate to be prepaid on ail letters conveyed 111
the mail from any point in the United States east
of the Rocky Mountains to any State or Terri-
tory on the Pacific, and vice versa. In view of the
expensive character of the mail service to the
Pacific, this rate is sufficiently low. From 1848
to 1851, it was forty cents the single letter.
Drop letters, like all other domestic letters, it
is advised should be subject to the same rule of
compulsory prepayment by postage stamps.
miscellaneous.
• The ground now occupied by the post office in
New York has been bought as a site for a new
and enlarged edifice, which, in its dimensions and
arrangements, shall be commensurate with the
wants of the service. The price agreed to be paid
is $200,000, which leaves of the appropriation a
balance of §300,000 for the construction of the
building. The title to the property has been ex-
amined, and determined tooc perfect, by the At-
torney General; and the assent of the Legislature
of New York is alone required to consummate
the purchase. So soon as this shall have been
obtained, a plan will be adopted, and proposals
invited, for the erection of the building.
Th<- commissioners have also at length suc-
ceeded in procuring a site in every way desirable
for the new post office which, for a series of
years, it has been in contemplation to build in the
city of Philadelphia. The cost of the property,
however, has so far exhausted the appropriation
that there remains an unexpended balance of but
^153,107 29. This sum will probably be insuffi-
cient for the erection of the edifice, which should,
in its style, correspond with the prevailing archi-
tecture of the city, as, in its proportions* it shoiild
be equal to the present and future exigencies .of'
the postal administration. The architect of the
Government is now engaged in the preparation
of plans for such a building, and should his esti-
mate of .its cost exceed the balance of the appro-
priationremainingunexpendedjitis recommended
that the deficiency be supplied, and that the De-
partment be authorized to proceed at once with
the work.
Although the fiscal year ended 30th June last
embraced one of those periods, recurring Quad-
rennially, during which there is an unusual de-
mand for mail bags, in consequence of the vastly
increased amount of printed matter transmitted
through the mails, there was a reduction of
twenty-five per cent, in the expense of all the
mail bags purchased and repaired for the service
during that year, compared with the year next
preceding-
The locked bags, of all kinds, (used for the
transmission of letters,) purchased and put into
the service during the fiscal yearended 30th June
last, number 5,700, .tnd cost $15,294 99, being
thirty-seven per cent, less in number, and fifty-
eight per cent, less in cost, than such as were
purchased, and put into service, during the pre-
ceding year, the cost of which was $36,859 05.
The canvas sacks (used for the transportation
of printed matter) purchased and put into service
during the fiscal yearended 30th June last, num-
ber 22,900, and cost $21,996, being about three
per cent, more in number, and twenty-four per
cent, more in cost, than such as were purchased'
and put into service during the preceding year,
under a prior contract,and of an inferior quality.
The mail bags of all kinds, purchased during
the fiscal year ended 30th June last, number, in
the aggregate, 28,600, and cost $37,300 99; being-
seven per cent, less in number, and thirty-one
per cent, less in cost, than such aswere purchased
and put into service during the preceding year,
the cost of which was $54,461 75.
The repairs of mail bags, during the fiscal year
ended 30th June last, cost $12,202 04, or about
five per cent, more than during the preceding
year.
The total expense for the purchase and repairs
of mail bags of every description, during the
fiscal year ended 30th June last, amounted to
$49,503 03, or $16,552 51 less than the expend-
iture for the same objects durii% the preceding
year.
The sum ($56,710 39) stated in another place as
expended for mail bags during the last fiscal year,
includes payments to the amount of $7,117 36
made for mail bags purchased and put into ser-
vice during the preceding yearended June 30,1859.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, J. HOLT,
To the President.
Report of the Secretary of War.
War Department, December 3, I860.
Sir: The authorized and actual strength of the
Army remains substantially the same as last year.
In conformity with the policy which I announced
to you in my last annual report, the troops avail-
able for service against the hostile Indians, and
others that have become so since that time, have
been engaged in campaigns of the greatest activ-
ity. This year the Army has been constantly in
the field, and upon an active war footing-.
The department of Texas has been restored to
tranquillity, and relieved from all apprehension of
invasion or molestation by the armed and maraud-
ing bands on the Mexican frontier. It has been
found necessary to occupy with sufficient force
the commanding posts on and near the Rio Grande;
so we have that frontier well protected from Port
Fillmore to Port Brown. These important move-
ments have not been made without much toil and
fatigue; and while looking mainly to defenses
upon the Rio Grande, an important consideration
was also to hold in check the Camanchc Indians of
that frontier, and to protect the settlements froru
their marauding parties. The hostilities of last
year with the Kiowa and Camanche Indians upon
the head waters of the Arkansas and the Canadian
have not yet been brought to a close. A very
