I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i9
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
SENATE &-HO. <® REPS.
powder, particularly for guns of large calibers,
whereby the endurance of such guns has been
much increased without any diminution of their
effectiveness. But it is particularly in regard to
rifle cannon and projectiles that such experiments
have been satisfactory and valuable.
The reportof aboard of ordnance and artillery
officers, who -have been occupied during the past
summer and fall in experimental firing with riHe
cannon, leaves no doubt that the accuracy and
effectiveness of our artillery may be vastly in-
creased, at comparatively small expense, without
discarding from use the good and serviceable
cannon of our present models*, requiring only that
they be rifle-grooved toadapt them to use as rifle
cannon, with James's elongated expanding pro-
jectiles. This easy and cheap mode will convert
the smooth-bored into rifle cannon, throwing
nearly double the weight of metal without in-
creased strain to lessen the durability of the guns,
or endanger the safety of those serving them.
Arrangements have been ordered to be made for
rifling a portion of our cannon on this plan, which
is the best, in all respects, that has so far been
brought to notice. The procurement of a proper
supply of the projectiles is essential; but it can-
not be effected without authority of law or a spe-
cial appropriation, in consequence of the prohibi-
tion of the "purchase of any aims or military
supplies whatever which are of a patented inven-
tion." I shall take occasion to present estimates,
as soon as they can be piepaiTu,for the procure-
ment of these projectiles, and shall urge appropri-
ation therefor as being highly dositable, if not
necessary, for placing our artillery in the highest
state of efficiency of which it seems now suscep-
tible. These experiments have, of course, been
attended with some expense, but so small as to
be insignificant in comparison with their benefits
to the military service, or with the amounts of
expenditures by foreign Governments for the same
objects, without, it is confidently believed, the
attainment of as valuable results. As theic was
nospccial appropriation for the experiments, the
expenses necessarily attending their prosecution
have been defrayed from general appropriations
for the service of the ordnance department, prin-
cipally from which was estimated to cover inci-
dental expenses of the ordnance service. An ap-
propriation of about fifty thousand dollars for
experiments for the improvement of arms and
military supplies is highly desirable, and there
is no doubt that such application of that amount,
or as much of it as may be needed for the pur-
pose, would be a profitable expenditure. The
law, before referied to, \yhich prohibits the pur-
chase of any arms or military supplies whatever
which are of a patented invention, is too general
and comprehensive in its terms, embairasses the
operations of the War Department, and is, in
some respects, injurious to the military service,
both as regards the Army and the militia. There
are certain aims and other military supplies of
patented inventions, the merits of which have
been so well established as to have caused their
introduction, regulatly, into the service. These
are frequently embraced in requisitions for sup-
plies coming from the Army and from the States;
but the few left on hand of those which were pur-
chased before the passage of the piohibitory law
constitute the only source from which those requi-
sitions can be met, and that source is now either
entirely or very nearly exhausted. It is, there-
fore, recommended that the law be so amended as
to except from the prohibition such arms or other
military supplies as constitute a regular part of
the armament or equipment of troops, and also
the improved patented mode of casting and cool-
ing for iron cannon.' It should be repealed as to
all articles used in the quartermaster's depart-
ment.
I again call attention to the existing law for
arming and equipping the whole body of the
militia of the United States, which was passed
in 1808. The provision then made for the pur-
pose remains the same now. It is entirely in-
sufficient for its effectual accomplishment, as is
shown by frequent requisitions and urgent ap-
plications from States and Territories for ad- i
vaiices of arms and equipments beyond their I
regular quotas. j
The want of a national armory for the fabri- i
cation of cannon has long been felt, and the ex-
pediency, indeed, necessity, of proper legislation
to secure its establishment has been repeatedly
urged upon the National Legislature. The im-
provements of late suggested, and verified so far
as the limited means at my disposal would permit,
in the models and mode of casting cannon, and
in the adaptation to them of the rifle principle,
can only be fully developed and successfully car-
ried out by having the proper means under Gov-
ernment control for preparing and treating the
materials, and for perfecting their fabrication.
The adoption of these improvements so.*as to
apply them most successfully, which is essential
to the highest efficiency of our artillery arm,
furnishes now an additional argument to the
many heretofore advanced in favor of having
them fabricated at such an armory as is spoken
of.
A large quantity of condemned stores, among
which were many old muskets, have been sold
during the year to make loom in the arsenals for
modern arms.
BREECH-LOADING ARMS.
Very frequent and numerous experiments have
been made under my direction of breech-loading
arms, and inventions for this purpose are won-
derfully numerous. Many have teen rejected,
but some plans for breech loading have been ap-
proved, after very numerous experiments, and
are now conceded by all who are familiar with
them, and capable of judging, to be by far the
most efficient arms ever put into the hands of
intelligent men. Immediate steps ought to be
taken to arm all our light troops with the most
approved of these arms. I hold it to be an inhu-
man economy which sends a soldier into the field,
where his life is constantly in danger, without
furnishing him with the best (not the most ex-
pensive) arms that are or can be made. It is no
answer to say that our troops cannot be taught
to use with skill this character of arm, as well as
another. It is the practice and drill that make
the soldier expert in the use of his arm, and
while he may attain to great skill with a good
weapon, he certainly never can do so with an
indifferent one.
1 think it may be fairly asserted, now, that the
highest efficiency of a body of men with fire-arms
can only he secured by putting in their hands the
best breech-loading aim. The long habit of using
muzzle-loading arms will resist what seems to be
so great an innovation, and ignorance may con-
demn; but as certainly as the percussion cap has
superseded the flint and steel, so surely will the
breech-loading gun drive out of use those that
load at the muzzle. For cavalry, the revolver
and breech loader will supersede the saber.
EXPLORATIONS.
During the last four years, explorations have
made known the character of that singular river,
the Colorado of the West, arid its suitableness
for navigation; and the nature ofa large portion of
the bolt of country, hitherto unknown, between
that river and the settlements of New Mexico,
and north of the thirty-fifth degree of latitude,
across which roads are impracticable from the
extraordinary character of its surface.
Further north they have resulted in the estab-
lishment of a new route across the Great Basin
from Great Salt Lake City, and m ascertaining
the impracticability of other lines of communica-
tion between important settlements in the interior.
They have opened a new, shorter, and better
route between the settlements of Great Salt Lake
and those of Oifcgon and Washington, on the
Oregon river.
They have developed the general character and
resources of the extensive region north of the
Platte; and between the Missouri river and the
Pacific divide of the Rocky Mountains, have
shown the existence there of several practicable
wagon routes, valuable in connection with mili-
tary operations and the emigration to the Pcicific.
In each division of country explored, the gen- j
eral topography and hydrography have been
obtained, lines of barometrical level have been car-
ried across the characteristic features, geograph-
ical positions have been determined, the climate
has been observed, and the general geology has
been ascertained.
The efforts of those who have carried on these
operations have been successfully directed to col-
lecting all information that would be valuable in
military operations in the overland communica-
tion with the Pacific coast, in the settlement of
the country, and in the development of its re-
sources.
Incidentally, valuable contributions have thus
been made to several departments of science.
WEST POINT.
The Military Academy has been progressing
in its usual course,except that thecourseof study
and discipline has been extended from four years
to five. This was considered at the time to be
necessary, owing to the low standard of profi-
ciency for entrance to the school.
The joint committee of Congress and the Army
appointedlast session to reinvestigate this measure
have beenin session at West Pointforsome time
during the summer, but did not, I believe, bring
their labors to a close.
STEAMER FOR PUGET SOUND.
The settlements on Puget sound and the ad-
jacent waters are exposed to the incursions of
warlike Indians from the British and Russian
provinces. These Indians come down in large
canoes ^hich carry from fifty to one hundred
warriors, and move with great speed. There can
be no warning of their approach, and pursuit with
ordinary means is of course out of the question.
It is very necessary, therefore, to have a steamer
for that purpose. The Massachusetts, a ship
with an auxiliary steam power belonging to the
quartermaster's department, has been, and is
now, used for this purpose; but it is not all suita-
ble, and is expensive. It is proposed to sell her
and substitute a suitable steamer. She should be
a good strong sea-boat, of light draught—about
six feet—not large, and of considerable speed.
She would be very useful as a transport as well
as for the purpose mentioned, and ought to be
constructed specially for the seivice.
I refer particularly to the reports from the dif-
ferent buieaus for a great deal of very interesting
and instructive information. Indeed, it is-only
through these reports that an exact and detailed
account of all operations for the year can be thor-
oughly understood. The information contained
in these reports will amply repay their perusal.
Several new posts have been ordered and erected
in the course of the last season in the various
departments, for the better defense of the different
Territories and the thoroughfares leading through
them. Some of these works have been executed
with great promptness and energy, showing very
high administrative capacity in the officer under-
taking them.
I cannot, in this connection, refrain from making
special mention of the manner in which, under
very unfavorable circumstances, the work has
been executed at Fort Wise. This post is situ-
ated iri the region of the Camanches and Kiowas,
and toward the gold discoveries of Pike's Peak.
It is necessary for the protection of the crowds
of our people moving continually in that direc-
tion from the lawless and hostile bands of Indians
already spoken of. Without any of those facil-
ities so essential to substantial and cheap con-
struction , Major Sedgwick, with his troops alone,
and almost without tools, except those of the
rudest sort, has been able to construct of stone,
houses of the most substantial character, and in
sufficient numbers to shelter all the stores neces-
sary for his command, which consisted of six
companies—four of horse and two of infantry.
The quarters are all comfortable for the troops,
and the sheltering is excellent for all the horses.
Great credit is due to this officer for his energy,
activity, and economy in constructing this post,
which, in the present state of affairs in that re-
gion, is a very important one.
I call attention to a sum of money paid b,y
Brevet Brigadier General Totten, chief of the
Corps of Engineers, as part of the price for ground
purchased for Fort Tompkins-. It amounts; to
the sum of $200, and oughtto be refunded to him.
If there had been any authority of law to refund
him this money, 1 should, without hesitation,
have given the order for it; but I could find no
authority for it, and therefore refer the subject to
Congress that they may authorize its payment.
