1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. BURNETT called for tollers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jenkins and
Somes were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
twenty-two in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I would state
that the committee have been unable to complete
their business as yet; but they believe it is their
duty to report back the message at as early a day
as possible. That is the motive for asking an
enlargement of their powers. I submit the res-
olution, and ask the previous question upon it.
■ The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, moved to recon-
siderthe vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITIA OF XIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit the Committee on
Military Affairs to report back the bill this morn-
ing referred to them in relation to the militia of
the District of Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BURNETT. It is a little disheartening;
but I again ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will listen to me for an instant, he will
know exactly what this bill means. It is simply
to require the militia of the District of Columbia
to take the oath which is required of the militia
in all the States when in the service of the United
States.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the militia of the District are not already
required to take the oath under the existing laws?
Mr. STANTON. I understand not.
The bill was read. It provides that every offi-
cer, non-commissionedofficer, musician, and pri-
vate of the militia of the District of Columbia, shall
take and subscribe to the oath required by the
eighteenth section of the act approved January 11,
1812; and if any officer, nou-commissoned officer,
musician, or private, shall, upon the requirement
of the major general commanding, refuse to take
such oath, his name shall be stricken from the
roll; and if commissioned, his commission shall
be forfeited.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 11G, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Gieeil Adams, Adrain, Aldiicll, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Bcale, Bingham,
Blair, Blaise, Brayton, Biigg-^, Bribtow, Buffmton, Builm-
game, Burniiani, Campbell, Caiey, Ca^e, Coburn, Colfax,
Conkling. Covode, Cuitis, John G. Davis, Dawe-, Delano,
Duel!, Edgerton, Eliot, Etlicridgo, roster, Fiank, Fiencb,
Gilmer, Gooeh, Grow, Guilev, Hale, Ilaskm, Jlelmick,
Hickman, Hoard, Holman, William Ilowaid, William A.
Howard, Humphiey, [lutchins, Iivme, Junkin, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilhngcr, DeWitt O. Loach,
Lee, Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mailory, Marion,
Charles I). Martin, MeCleriiaud, MeKean, MeKenty, Mc-
ICnight, Me Pherson, Montgomery, Laban T. Mouie. Moor-
head, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Morns, Morse, Nelson, Ni^on,
Olin, Palmer, Perry, Potter, Pottle, Edwin It- Reynolds,
John II. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Kohinson, Itoyee,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spaulding, Spin
ner, Stanton, Stcveiia, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton,
Tappan, Thayer, Tlieaker, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble,Van-
devei, Van U'yek. Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaiader
C. Wa-hburn, Elhhu B Wa^hburne,Webster, Wells, Wil-
son, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—116.
NAYS—Mcasis. Avery, Bariet, liocock, Boteler, Brab-
son, Branch, Brown, Buich, Burnett, John E. Clark,
James Ciaig, Burton Oraige, De Jarnette, Florence, Fouke,
John T. Harris, Hushes, Jcnkins,Kunkel,JamesM. Leach,
Leake, Logan, Maclay, Maynaid, Millson, Nibluc1v,Nocll,
Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Quailes, Riggs, James C. Rob-
inson, Scott, Snmiis, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson,
Thomas, Vance, Wmslow, and Wright—41.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
Before the vote was announced,
M*. MORRIS, of Illinois, said, that if he had
been within the bar when his name was called,
he would have voted " ay."
Mr. EDMUNDSON, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. KILLINGER objected.
Mr. COX stated that he had paired with Mr.
Porter.
Mr. HINDMAN stated that some conversa-
tion occurred with Mr. Hale before that gentle-
man left the city in reference to pairing with him,
[Mr. Hindman.] He did not know that such was
Mr. Hale's understanding, or he should not have
voted upon the Kansas bill. Learning that such
was his understanding, however, he asked leave
to withdraw his vote upon that bill.
Leave was granted.
Mr. STANTON. I now move that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill, and that it be
put on its passage; on which I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HUGHES. I appeal to the courtesy of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fair? to let the bill remain open to amendment, and
not to insist on his demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is not
before the House.
Mr. STANTON. The bill is a very short one,
consisting of only one section.
Mr. HUGHES. All I ask is that the House
may have an opportunity to amend the bill if it
be necessary.
Mr. STxVNTON. If the gentleman has an
amendment to offer, I will hear it now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope that the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, if
there be anything intricate or complicated in the
bill, will make the proper explanation.
Mr. STANTON. There is nothing in the
world 111 the bill except a provision authorizing
the officers of the Army to administer the usual
oath to the militia of this District, which is ad-
ministered in the military service elsewhere. That
is all there is in the bill.
Mr. CRANCI-I. While the gentleman is an-
swering questions in legard to the bill, I would
like to propound one to him. Does this bill re-
quire any oath to be administered to the militia
of this District different from that administered to
the militia of the several States ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; that is, when they
are m the service of the United States.
Mr. BRANCH. Ah! Does it require any oath
to be administered to them different from that ad-
ministered to the militia of the several States when
they are not m the service of the United States ?
Mr. STANTON. Upon my word 1 am not
prepared to answer the gentleman's question. If
the gentleman wants to know what the oath ex-
actly is, he can consult the statutes. What the
oath administered in the States i , I presume will
be shown by the laws of the States; but 1 can
assure the gentleman that, when the militia of the
States are in the service of the United States, the
same oath is administered to them that this bill
proposes—authorizing the Army officers to ad-
minister to the militia of this District. That is
all there is in it.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the bill propose that
that oath shall only be administered to them while
they are in the service of the United States ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, (amid much con-
fusion.) All I have to say is, that, for one, I
never will consent to enact the odious test oath
proposed by this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All this de-
bate is out of order. The gentleman from Ohio
has demanded the previous question oil the mo-
tion to discharge the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, Mr. Stanton's motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to have the bill read;
and then i want the House informed exactly of
the terms of the proposed oath.
The bill was again read.
Mr. PIICLPS. Let us know what it is we are
doing; let the oath be read.
Mr. STANTON. If the statutes arc at hand,
I will make no objection to the reading of the oath.
Mr. CURTIS. I can tell the gentleman from
Missouri what it is, substantially. [Cries'of-
"Order!"] , -
Mr. PHELPS. Let it be read. '
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
stated, in response to the inquiry of the gentleman'
from North Carolina, that this oath'was only: to'
be administered when these volunteers were mus-^
tered into the service of the United States. His
bill does not say so. He also stated that he did
not know the difference between this oath and the
one administered to tfcie militia of the several-
States. If the gentleman will examine tho oath
provided by the act of 1819 he will find no such
oath is administered by a single State of which I
nave any knowledge. I know that it is not ad-
ministered to the militia of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman's bill ought to be amended so as to make it
applicable to the militia when mustered into the
service of the United States.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The militia of tliis Dis-
trict are now in the service of the United States.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. PHELPS. Read the oath.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. _ The Clerk can-
not find any form of oath in the eighteenth section
of the law to which lie was referred.
Mr. PHELPS. Are wo acting so rapidly, then,
that nobody can toll us anything of the bill, and
the reference to a former law is incorrect?
Mr. TUN DM AN. If there be no form of oath
in the eighteenth section,I hope that the bill will
be put on its passage. [Laughter.]
Tho SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
on the demand for the previous question.
Mr. XIINDMAN. As there seems to be great
difficulty to find the oath, I move that the Chicago
platform be inserted. [Laughter.]
The Clerk. The law is entitled "An "act to
raise an additional military force;" approved Jan-
uary 11, 1812. In tho eighteenth section is the
following oath:
" I, A B, do solemnly swear or affirm (as the case may
be) that I will bear ti ue faith and allegiance to the [Jnited
States of America, and that t will serve them honestly and
faithfully against their enemies or opposers wiiosocver;
and that I will observe and obey the orders of tiie President
of the United States, and the Oiders of the ofiicerh ap-
pointed ovei me, according to the i ules andartieles ot war."
Mr. BRANCH. I can settle this whole mat-
ter, if the gentleman from Ohio will hoar me for
a moment. He intends that this oath shall be ad-
ministered to the militia of this District when they
are in the service of the United States. His bill,
nevertheless, is unlimited m that respect; and I
suggest to him that he accept an amendment to
this effect: "when called into the service of the
United States." No such oath as that which has
just been read ever has been administered to the
militia of any part of these United States.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is discussion in order?
Mr. STANTON. The militia of this District
are now in the service of the United States.
Mr. BRANCH. Tho gentleman is mistaken.
The people of this District are no more under mar-
tial law than the people of the States. [Cries of
" Order !" " Order!' ]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This debate is
all out of order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question-ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I call forthe reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is not
engrossed.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill; and I demand the
yeas and nays on ordering tho main question to
be put. By that time the bill will be engrossed.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that tho House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were riot ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and oil that motion I de-
mand the previous question and the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BRANCH. Did the gentleman vote with
I the majority r
Mr. STANTON. Certainly I did.
I The SPEAKER pro tempoi-e. One previous
