608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
question still operates, and there is no use of the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope my friend from Ten-
nessee will not insist on the reading of the bill.
It is obvious that it will pass by a large majority;
and the reading will only consume time. For my
part, I desire, if it has to pass, that it shall be
acted on in time to be known in Virginia at once.
Let her people understand, at their election next
Monday, that a Pretorian guard and a military
dictatorship are among the issues to be decided.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. QXfARLES. I cannot comply with the
request of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Garnett.] I am interposing every parliamentary
obstacle to the passage of every measure through
this House -which looks to the use of force against
any of the States of this Union. It has the effect
still more to excite the people of the South, already
too much excited. I insist, sir, upon my motion,
that the engrossed bill be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is the very reason
why we are trying to defeat the passage of the
bill.
The call of the roll was then commenced.
Mr. BOTELER (when his name was called)
said: I desire to say a word •
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. It is,
that debate is not in order during a call of the roll.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. BOTELER. Cannot I give the reason for
my vote?
Mr. GARNETT. That courtesy has never
been refused before.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
no control over that matter.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will not the gentleman
from Pennsylvania withdraw his point of order
for once?
Mr. SICKLES (when his name was called)
gave the reasons for his vote; but owing to loud
cries of order, his remarks were entirely inaudi-
ble to the reporter.
Mr. PENDLETON announced that Mr. Vat,-
la-NDiguam was out of the House, and was paired
off with Mr. Edwards.
The call of the yeas and nays having been con-
cluded, the result was announced—yeas 44, nays
119; as follows:
YX3A.S —Messrs. Avery, RococK* Branch, Bnstow,
Biowii, Butch, Burnett, Joiin 0. Claris, Jama* Ciafi*, Bur-
ton Craige, Pe Jarnutte, Edmundson, Nnglisli, Flotonee,
Fouke,Garnett, JohnT. Harris, Mutton,llindman, Jenkins,
Kunkel, James M, Leach, Leake, Logan, Maclay, Ellxnt
S. Martin, Maynard, Million. Pendleton, I'eyton, i'helps,
Pryor, Uuurlcs, James C. Robinson, Scott, tickles, Sinnns,
William N. H. Smith, Stevciwm, Thomas, Vance, White-
ley, Winslotv, and Wright—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrieh, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Beale, Bingham,Blair,Blake, Bia>ton,Bnggs, Butl'm-
ton, Burhngame, Burnharn, But!ei field, Campbell, C;ir«>y,
Case, Coburn, Colfax, Conkiirm, Covode, Ciutis, H. Win-
ter Davis John G. L)aVH, I>a\ves, Delano, imell, Edgeiton,
Eliot, Ktbendg.-, Fenton, Foster, Frank, French, Cihrier,
Gooeh, Grow, Cinlo>, Hale, J. Motn-on ilrims Ha^-kni,
Helmiek, Hickman, fioaid, Wilham llow.ml, William A.
Howard, Hushes, Thimphu y, Hutchiii-i, Itvine, Juniuu,
Fianci.s W. Kellogg, William fueling':, K'enyon. DeWitt C.
LeaCb, Lec,Longneekei, Loonn , Lovejoy,Malloiy, Mars-
ton, Charles- D. Martin, McCleinniKi, ;Melvean, Melventy,
McKmght, jVfoPhoiHOn, Montgomery. Luban 'J'. Mooie,
Moruil, Edward Joy Monis, l.-aac N. Monte, Motve,Nel-
son, Niblack,Nixon, ralinei, 1'eirv, Potter, Pottle, Edwm
R. Reynold^, John II, Reynolds Hire, Kicg<, Chiistopher
Robinson, Rovee, Scianton, Sedgwick. Sheiman, Somes,
Spauldins, Spinner. Stanton, Steven>, William Stewait,
Stoker, Stratton, Tappan, Thcaker, Tompkins; Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Van Wvck, Wade,W«iJdrou, Walton,
Cadwaiadcr C. Wa^hbuin, Ellihu B. Wa^Iibuine,Webster,
Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood,and WoodtufF—119.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The bill being engrossed, it was then read a
third time.
Mr. STANTON called the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be pat.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, called for
the yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 1:20, nays 42; as follows:
YiL-Ui—Me^rs. Charles. F. Adam*. Gioen Adams, Ad-
ram, Alduch, Alley, William C. Auueuon, A-hh;j, Bab-
bit?,''Beale, Bingham, Blair, Chike, Biuyton, Bng«*s, Bus-
tow, Bufiinton, Bmnham, Butterlicld, Campbell, Caiey,
Case, Coburu. Colfax, Conlv!;n<r, Covode, Curtis, £L Win-
ter Davis, John G. Davi«, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgcr-
ton, Eliot, Etheridge, Fcnton, Foster, Frank, Fiench, Gil-
mer, Goocii, Grow, Gurley, Hale, J. Moirison Harris,
Elclmick, Hoard, Ilolman, William Eloward, William A.
Howard, Humphrey, Hntchins, Irvine, Jnnkin, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Killinger, DeWitt
C. Leach, .Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory,
Marston, Chailes D. Martin, McClornand, MeKean, Mc-
Knight,Mc?hei.«on, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moor-
head, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morns, Morse,
Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Potter, Pot-
tle, Edwin 11. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, Rice, Rlggs,
Christopher Robinson, lloyee, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sher-
man, Some?, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Wil-
liam Stewait, Stokes, Stratton,Tappan,Thayer,Thcaker,
Tompkins, Tram, Tiimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade,
Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C. YVa&hbinn, Ellihu B.
Wa&hbunie, Webster, Wells, Wilson. Windom, Wood,
and Woodruff—119.
NAYS—jYIessis. Avery, Bocock, BoteIer,Bianch, Brown,
Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Claik, James Craig,
Burton Craige, De Jainette, Edmundson, Florence, Fouke,
Garnett, John T. Harris, Hatton, llindman, Ilughes, Kun-
kel, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Maclay. Elbert S.
Maitin, Maynard, MeKenty, Mlll&on, Pendleton, Peyton,
1'ryor, Q-uatles, James C. Robinson, Scott, Siinras, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, Stevenson, Thomas, Vance, Wluteley,
Win&low, and Wiight—4^.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. DIE JARNETTE said: I shall vote against
this bill, because it foists into the scrvice of the
United States an army of six thousand men to
constitute a Pretorian guard to overawe the South.
I vote " no."
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, (in announc-
ing his vote in the negative,) said: My voice is
still for pcace; and I persist in the determination
heretofore formed, to give no vote which will
increase sectional excitement.
Mr. SHERMAN stated that Mr. Pouter had
paired off with Mr. Cox.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DANIEL C. BATES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to put upon its
passage a little private bill. I will send it to the
Clerk's table to be read. It is a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Daniel C. Bates.
Mr. BRANCH. As that is only a private bill,
and it is now near dinner time, I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before that
motion is put, I will move that the lules be sus-
pended to enable me to make my proposition.
The motion was entered.
Thereupon the House (nt fifteen minutes past
four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 29, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MRS. E. A. LINN.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Senate, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate adopted yes-
terday, rospectingan order of the Senate directing-
the payment of certain mileage to Mrs. E. A.
Linn, widow of the iate Senator Lewis F. Linn.
Mr. I-IALE. The resolution to which the com-
munication is an answer was submitted by me,
and I wish that the communication may be laid
upon the table, and printed. As this is a ques-
tion that relates to the privileges of the body, i
think it requires the attention of the body; and I
will call it up at a very early day. and express
what 1 think is due to the occasion. [ think there
is an attempt to institute a sort of guardianship
over the Senate in the disbursement of their con-
tingent fund, which the Senate will not submitto.
They certainly will not, without a remonstrance
on my part.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communica-
tion will lie on the table, and the motion to print
will go to the Committee on Printing,
Mr. HALE subsequently asked unanimous
consent to have the order to pruit the document
made, without reference to the committee-, which
was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING- presented additional papers in re-
lation to the application of H. T. Bacon, for a
register to the schooner Perseverance; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of
Philip T. Voorhees, a captain in the Navy, who
•was placed on the reserved list by the board of
officers appointed under the act of February 28,
1855, praying to be restored to the active service
list; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented the resolutions of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, relative to the
maintenance of the Constitution and the Union;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM presented four petitions of
citizens pf Michigan, praying the immediate re-
peal of the fugitive slave law, as being unjust,
cruel, and unconstitutional; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of inhabitants
of the counties of Huntingdon and Fulton, Penn-
sylvania, praying the establishmentofamail route
from Orbisoma, (a point on the stage route from
Mount Union to Chambersburg,) via Meadow
Gap, Maddensville, Fort Littleton, and Knobbs-
vilie, to McConnellsburg, a distance of twenty-
three miles; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying that the com-
promises proposed by Hon. J. J. Crittenden
may be adopted; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. LATHAM. I present a memorial, signed
by several thousand people living in western
Utah,praying for increased mail facilities between
the Silver Diggings, known as the "Washoe Dig-
gings, and California. It is a very short memorial,
and I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the honorable the Senators and Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled:
We, jour petitioners, would most respectfully represent
to your'honotable bodies, that the citizens of western Utah
aie entnely destitute ol the mail facilities which our import-
ance us a community demands. Our mining and agricul-
tural resources, as yet but very unpeifectly developed, are
ahcady the astonishment of the world.
We have nnwa population often thousand souls in this
portion of (Jtah Tenitory, and, judging by our pa^tineicase,
the inference is 1'air that by next year our population will
be quadrupled. The amount of business tiansacted here
makes the transmission of a vast amount of correspondence
by some mode of conveyance a positive necessity. The
mail is now carricd daily by Louh McLano^ stage line
to l'iacerville, California; but we have no guaranty of its
continuance. To this gentleman's couitesy alone we are
indebted for our present mail facilities. We would there-
fore most earnestly request that your honorable bodies
will establish a daily mail between IMacerviile, California,
and Genoa, Caison City, Silver City, and Virginia City, in
Utah Terntoiy ; and that a ^emi-weekly mail be established
between Virginia City, Silver City, Carson City, and Ge-
noa, to the Esmeralda mining district, and Monoville, in
the Walker river mines. And your petitioners will ever
pray, &c.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
It was so referred.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND ItEFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That the papeis in the case of Peter Van Bus-
kiik, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 550) to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws and protecting public property;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. PIALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 551)
for the relief of Hockaday & Liggit; which was
readtwicc by its title, and referred'to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FITCH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 552)
relative to punting extra numbers of messages,
reports, and documents; which was read twice by
| its title, and referred to the Committee on Piint-
ing.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
553) for the better organization of the militia of
the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and Militia.
