1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
6DT>
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on- the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 919) for the relief of F. M.
Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townscnd, reported it
without amendment.
LOUIS ROBERTS.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be requested to return
to the Senate the papers relating to the claim of Louis Rob-
erts for indemnity for los-ses sustained by liim by the burn-
ingfot certain supplies, while being transported to the Indian
country in November, 1855.
ADMISSION TO TIIE FLOOR.
_ Mr. POSTER. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and if there be no objection, I ask for its
present consideration:
Resolved, That, in addition to those now entitled to that
privilege, Governors aud cx-Govcrnors of States be admitted
to the Hour of the Senate.
Mr. POLK objected to its consideration, and
it lies over, under the rule.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 321)
for the relief of Robert A. Matthews.
DISTRICT MILITIA.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 958) to amend an act en-
titled i( An act more effectually to provide for the
organization of the militia of the District of Co-
lumbia," approved March 3, 1603; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er had signed the following enrolled bills; which,
thereupon, received the signature of the Vice
President:
A bill (H. R. No. 23) for tfee admission of Kan-
gas into the Union;
A bill (H. R. No. 377) for the relief of David
C. Whfting; and
A bill (S. No. 321) for the relief of Robert A.
Matthews.
WILLIAM G. BERNARD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further petitions or reports, the Chair will call
the attention of the Senate to the unfinished morn-
ing business of yesterday, being certain resolu-
tions presented by tho Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden.] On the question of the re-
ception of the resolutions, the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. DURKEE. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up a private bill on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
move to postpone the prior orders?
Mr. DURKEE. Yes, sir; and take up this
bill, which will lead to no debate. It is House
bill No. 670, granting an increase of pension to
William G-. Bernard, late a soldier in the United
States A rmy.
Mr. LANE. If the present order of business
shall be suspended, will not my motion be in or-
der, to take up the bill for the relief of Dr. Mc-
Cormick* Will not that be the first thing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not, unless the Senator gets the floor and makes
the motion.
Mr. LANE. That bill ought to come up. It
was reported unanimously by the Committee on
Military Affairs I will not say anything about
it; but if the regular order of business is sus-
pended, I shall endeavor to get it up.
Mr. DURKEE. I do not think this bill will
lead to debate. It grants only a small sum; and
the person seeking relief is in distressed circum-
stances. If it should lead to drbate,or encounter
opposition, 1 shall withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the resolutions ofFoied yesterday
by the Senator from Kentucky be postponed, with
a view to take up the bill granting an increase of
pension to William G. Bernard.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (PI. R.
No. 670) granting an increase of pension to Wil-
liam G. Bernard, late a soldier in the .United States
Army, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is intended to require the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of William G.
Bernard, of New York, on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, at tho rate of twenty-five dollars per
month, commencing on the 11th of June, 1859, in
lieu of the pension he now receives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what that is for. Twenty-five dollars a month is
rather a high pension.
Mr. DURKEE. There is a very short report.
Mr. KING. I ask that the report be read. It
is the case of a man who has been about here,
whose arm and a part of his face were sawed off.
The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions of the House of Repre-
sentatives, from which it appeared that William
G. Bernard, on the 16th day of November, 1857,
at Boston, enlisted in company B, first regiment
of dragoons; that he was, with his company, or-
dered to Fort Buchanan, New Mexico, and from
thence to Fort Tejon, California. At the latter
place, there being an occasion for the use of lum-
ber for the garrison, he was ordeted by the com-
manding officer of the post, Lieutenant Colonel
Bcali, to work in the Government s.iw-mill; and
while so employed, as his certificate of discharge
states, he was aecidently thrown upon a circular
saw while feeding it, by which casualty his right
arm was so severely mutilated that he entirely
lost the use of his right hand. lie was also se-
verely wounded in "the head and face, part of
which is sawed off, losing portions of the left
molar and lower maxillary and right superciliary
ridge, leaving but the wreck of a man, who is
totally disabled from obtaining his subsistence by
labor. He performed all his duties faithfully.
These facts are fully proven by the certificate of
discharge, and by the certificate of the United
States surgeon. The petitioner has been allowed
a pension of eight dollars per month by the Com-
missioner of Pension*, being the extent permitted
by law to be allowed by him. He appeared be-
foic the committee, and they are unanimously of
opinion that he cannot perform manual labor, nor
even use his hand to write, and that he is wholly
divsabled from obtaining his subsistence. He en-
listed to perform military duty as a dragroon in
the Army, and not as an operator in a saw-mill;
hut having been ordered by his commanding of-
ficer to perform this mill work, the requirements
of strict discipline rendered it necessary that he
should obey. When the Government induces a
soldier to enlist in it  Army, a matei lal part of
the contract is that he shall, among other things,
receive proper medical treatment, attention, and
skill, in the cv-nt of casualty, in this instance,
proper surgical skill and aid were not given the'
petitioner; and this is supported by eminent sur-
geons, who have since examined the wounds.
His case, therefore, forms an exception to the
general rule.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the acting Commissioner of Pat-
ents, communicating the annual repott of that
office for the year IbGO.
Mr. FITCH. I move that it be printed; and
that the question of printing extra numbers bo re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
The motion to print was agreed to; and the fol-
lowing resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, 'Pint there bo printed nf th« annual report of
the Commissioner of the I'aient Office on mechanics .
thousand extia copies tor the use of the Senate, and 
thousand tor the u-o of the Patent Ofrice.
CIIARLE& M'COIOIICK.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
presented by the Senator from Kentucky are now
before the Senate.
Mr. LANE. 1 move that the consideration of
the business regularly in order be postponed, for
the purpose of taking up the bill lor the relief of
Dr. McCormirk.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 38) for the relief of
Charles McCoronck* assistant surgeon in the ",
United States Army. ; i -
Mr. HALE. I& there a report in that case ?
If there is, let it be read. •* '
The Secretary road the report of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia; which is, an,
indorsement of the petition of Dr. McCorrnick,
and of the letter of the Surgeon GoneraK These
are as follows:
To the honorable the TTovsc of Representatives of the JJnitfid
Slates oj Jimcrica: ■
The undersigned begs leave respectfully to represent that
he is, and has b6en for the la&t seventeen years, an assist-
ant surgeon in the Artny of the United States; that during
the greatest paitof the period of the war with Mexico lie
was on duty in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana; that,
in addition to the ordinary duties of an assistant surgeon,
(which, at such a time and such a place, were ven/ labori-
ous,) he was called on to perform other duties, involving
far greater pecuniary responsibility, and of a nature that
rennered it next to impossible to avoid losses; that these
extra duties were as follows:
Special duly as a disbursing agent of the medical depart-
ment of the Army at New Orleans, Louisiana; purchasing,
receiving, and issuing large^quantities of medicines, instru-
ments, hospital stores, &c., for the Army in Mexico, and
to regiments, detachments, and companies of .the regular
and volunteer troops passing through New Orleans. This
was a responsible duty, and involved the disbursement of
a considerable sum of money.
Special duty in making disbursements under the clause:
" For providing for the eomloit of discharged soldiers who
may ho lauded in New Orleans, or other places within the
United States, so disabled by disease oi wounds icceived
m the service as to be unable to proceed totheirhomes, and
lor foivvardiug destitute sohheis to their home?, $500,00^;
said sum to be applied and expended underthe duecti'on of
the tfeciotary of War."—(In the act of Congiess making
appropriations for the support of the Army and volunteers
foi the year ending June JJ0, 1848, and lor other purposes,
appjoved March 'J, 1847.)
This was a most peiplexing and responsible duty; it
crowded my office almost constantly with applicants for
relief.
Joining this to the othpr numerous duties I had to per-
foun, all lequning my own special attention, it caused me
to be almost constantly sunounded by hurry, bustle, and
confusion, thus* rendeimg it almost a matter of necessity
that J should sustain losses.
Under this act, also, I had to purchase and issue in de-
tail large quantities of clothing to men under all circum-
stances—sick, dying, and often dead men, to have them
decently buried. For this duty alone, dischaiged to men
of one company only, captains in the Army aie allowed
ten dollars per month. 1 issued clothing to men of nearly
every regiment aud company, both volunteer and regular,
in service, and under circumstances where the clothing
le^pousibihty was more than a hundredfold greater.
I had also pecuniaiy responsibility and considerable loss
in making out the final statements of great numbers of in-
valid soldiers dischaiged in the city ot Now Orleans.
Under an act of Cougie^s, all payma^teus in the Army
were allowed a peicentaee for payments made to volun-
teer. (See act of Congiess approved August 12,1848.) Fin-
.ismucli, theretoie, as Congress, in allowing ten dollars per
month to captains of companies foi clothing ie«pon^ibihty,
and a peieentage to all paymasters foi payments to volun-
teers, lias thought It just and proper to make such allow-
ances to olhc< m oi the Army for responsible and extra du-
ties, to cover unavoidable losses; and as 1 have sustained
losses and pei'fonned loi two or three years auluous extra
duties, as above enumerated, I theretoie respectfully pray
Congress may allow ate a two and a half peieentage on the
ainouii* ol public moneydisbursed by me under the actap-
pioved Match 2, 1847. CHARLES McCOltMICK.
Surgeon General's OrncE, January 31,1851.
Sir: Your communication of the 4i8th instant, Inclos-
ing to me a memorial fiom Assistant Surgeon Cliailes Mc-
Cormick, of the United States Army, and asking my opin-
ion upon the ments of the petition, I have had the honor to
receive.
The memorial sets forth that, in addition to a full meas-
ure of dutym his own pioper department, Dr. McCorrnick
was called on to disburse the money appropriated by the
act of Congrc-s, approved the 2d of Maicii, 1847, •' provid-
ing lor the comfort of discharged soldiers who'may be
landed at New Oilcans, or other places in the United
States," See., &e ; and he a>k:' that, m consideration oi the-
extui labor performed, and the heavy responsibilities as-.
sumed. an allowance of per centum be made to him>
in the final settlement of his accounts at the Treasury, out
of the balance ot the appropriation lernaimng ou hand.
Upon the snhjee t-matter of tins memorial, I beg leave to
submit the following remaiks:
Assistant Surgeon iVIcCoimick was, ir 1816, stationed in
the city of New Orleans to act as medical purveyor, the
duties of which office were not only to leccive and keep in
depot a large amount of medical stores from New Yoik for
reissue, hut also to pincha?e mcdieal supplies at New Oi-
Puuis, and forward rhem upon special icquKitions to tho
different Army cotps employed on the theater ol war.
in addition to these duties ay medical purvevoi, he iiad
necessarily to give hi- prote^ional services to the orticers,,
soldiers, and Government employe-*, stations) y and tran-
sient, in New Ot lean*; the v. hob-giving at. full employment
as could justly be roquuedfrom one individual. WhiJothus-
engaged m the discharge of Jus legitimate functions Dr.
RlcCoi rmck was called upon by General George M- Brooke,
the mil it iry commander at New Ot leans, to give his atten.-
lion.-s to then nines ous invalided dipehatg^d soldiers arriving
in New Orleans from Me.\ico and other places, and to dis-
bui«-e the money uppiopriated for their benefit.
The bu-iness'of collecting together and pioviding for the
discharged soldier coming m from various divisions of the
Army was altogether extraneous or foreign tohis legitimate-
V
