608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29.
J
duties, a service over and above what could have been
legally cxacted or reasonably required of him, without the
prospect of remuneration for extraordinary responsibifity
and actual loss sustained in the disbursement of the money
intrusted to his care and management.
By an extraordinary effort of mind and of body, involving
much Jabot- by day and by night, however, Dr. McCorrmck
accomplished all that was required of him; and, as far as
I can learn, to the satisfaction ot ail concerned.
Having witnessed, during a portion of the time, his active
and untiring devotion to the telief of all who camc within
the provisions ofthe act ofCongressabove cited,! can speak
understanding^ of the nature and extent ofthe'duues which
were thrown upon Dr. McCormick 5 and I am free to say
that, if remuneration for extra labor performed) heavy
responsibility assumed, or actual loss sustained, can in any
instance be accorded to a public agent, the prayer of the
memorialist is entitled to the mo&tjavorahle consideration.
With sentiments of very high respect, I am your obedi-
ent servant, THOMAS LAWSON,
Surgeon General.
Hon. James Shields, United States Senate.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Mr. President, ! believe
that report was read the other day. I listened to
it then, and did not get a very favorable impres-
sion with regard to the claim itself. I liave now
listened to it again with attention, and my previous
impressions, those which I derived from the first
reading,are confirmed. 1 seenoreasonableground
upon which the allowance here proposed, or any
allowance, should be made to Dr. McCormick,
from the reading of the report. I wish to call the
attention of the Senators, and of everybody en-
gaged in the disbursement of public moneys by
legislative action, (if that may be called disburse-
ment,) to the fact that there is hardly an officer in
our employment, in any grade, of any condition,
connected with any department, who, if accident-
ally callcd ufion to render a service not exactly in
the strict line of the place in which he is located,
docs not come here and ask for an allowance in
consideration -of that extra service. Why, sir, it
has got to be the fact, with regard to the public
service generally here umong us, that no man
thinks he is under the slightest obligation to do
any thing that is not precisely marked out for him
by the rules and regulations, wherever lie may be,
in any particular branch of the service, without
being' entitled to come here for extra pay. The
thing is not creditable. We have such applica-
tions from clerks in the Departments almostevery
day; we have them from other quarters, officers
of the Army, officers of/he Navy, officers in every
branch of the public service everywhere.
Now, sir, what did this man uo? I hold that
he did not do any thing out of his proper line.
He was an assistant surgeon in the Army, sta-
tioned at New Orleans. The particular duty of
u surgeon in the Army, or a surgeon in the Navy,
is denned by no law; and I am not aware that it
is defined by any particular regulation. What
was he called upon to do? He was called upon
to purchase stores peculiarly appropriate to his
own department—medicines, medical stores, and
things of that kind—for the Government. While
he was engaged in that business, he was not en-
gaged in attending the sick; and certainly it was
no more disagreeable business. It was a service
that he well might render. They weie to be pur-
chased by somebody. Then-value, theirqu.ihty,
was to be tested. Why should it not be left to a
surgeon to make these purchases for the Govern-
ment? and why should he charge us for the time
that was taken from other duties, which he might
have been called upon to perform, to devote to
that? The Government was entitled to his advice
and his aid m reference to these matters. To be
sure, he might have been engaged in attending
the sick; but while engaged in this, lie was not
attending to the sick; and, I take it, it was no loss
to him.
What was the other duty ? Certain invalid sol-
diers, sick soldiers, were landed there; and it
seems an appropriation was made for their ben-
efit; and an assistant surgeon being present, he
was callcd upon to attend to them, and see that
they were furnished with necessary clothing and
attendance, and made comfortable. That would
seem to be in the line of his duty particularly and
peculiarly. But for these services he calls for ex-
tra compensation, as services outof the line of his
particular business that he was engaged in, in ad-
dition to his salary. Does he give the Govern-
ment any credit for the time that he was not en-
gaged in business peculiar to his profession? Not
at all. There are many seasons of the year when
these gentlemen have nothing to do of any con-
sequence; when they are at perfect leisure. They
do not think of suggesting to the Go vernment that
a deduction be made from their pay on account
of the light duties which they perform at a par-
ticular time; but if, at a time of pressure, their
advice and aid is called for in matters not exactly
in their line, but connected with it, then there is
an application for additional pay. It comes from
your clerks when employed a little out of office
hours; and so on. Sir, it is discreditable to every
branch of the service.
This man talks aboutlosses. He does not say
that he has sustained any losses. He exhibits
no evidence that he lost anything. The committee
do not say that he lost anything. Nobody says
that helostanythingin anyway, although he talks'
about the losses that he might have experienced.
If ho lost anything which was not occasioned by
his own carelessness, or lost anything in conse-
quence of beingemployed in this business, I would
pay it; but because some portion of his time was
taken up for the benefit of the Government in a
service which he might well render in this line, I
see no reason why we should give lnm the sum
of §2,500, or any other sum whatever. I should
like to hear better grounds for it than have been
given in the report or memorial, before it can com-
mand my vote, at any rate.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I will briefly state
this case, and nothing more. Dr. McCormick,
then an assistant surgeon in the Army, was or-
dered to duty at New Orleans, at the commence-
ment of the war with Mexico, and was continued
on duty there for two years and a half. The duty
of an assistant surgeon in the Army is to attend
to the sick and wounded; and these are all the
duties pertaining to the office of assistant surgeon;
but this man was required to perform other duties,
and duties that did not belong to an assistant sur-
geon. He was made the medical purveyor. It
was made his duty to take care of all the sick and
wounded on their return from Mexico, as well as
those going to Mexico; and he was busy every
day, almost every hour, during that whole time.
Well, sir, that was not all He was also made a
paymaster, and he disbursed and paid out over
$180,000. He discharged the duty of paymaster
in paying the soldiers. He was directed to do it,
as an examination uf the papciswill show. He
paid money for medicines, paid for attendance,
and disbursed an amount of money that, if it had
been disbursed by a regular paymaster, would
have given an allowance of §2,500; and for that
reason the original bill, that proposed to pay over
$7,000, was reduced, on the motion of the Senator
■from New York, a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs, [Mr. Kino,] to that sum of
money; for the law allows, in addition to the reg-
ular salary of a paymaster, $1,000 a year when
employed in paying volunteers. It was so through
the war with Mexico. Now, sir, we propose to
pay this man, not what, in my judgment, he ought
to have; nor what the committee heretofore be-
lieved that he ought to have; for this body twice
passed a bill allowing him over §7,000, giving
him the regular percentage on the amount dis-
bursed; but it has been reduced to precisely the
amount that a paymaster would have leeeived in
addition to his salary, if he had disbursed the
money.
With this statement of facts, and with the unani-
mous report of the committee after careful inves-
tigation, 1 hope the Senate will not reject this
claim; for I look upon it as just; and if'I did riot
I should not have given my consent to this report.
I examined it, and so did the whole committee.
They believe it just; and my judgment is that it
ought to pass. I do not intend to consume time.
Mr. FOSTER. I am satisfied, Mr. President,
from what I have heard, that this bill ought not
to pass. If these services were rendered by this
man in the regular performance of his duty, I
understand that the compensation provided by
law is his proper compensation, and that he has
no further demand upon the Government. It is
claimed that these were extra services, and be-
yond those which belonged to Ins proper duty.
Under the circumstances, and considering the re-
lation, or rather the office, which this man held,
I should be opposed to paying him even if these
services were extra services, quite as much as
though they were his own proper services, and
falling within the line of his appropriate duty;
and for this reason: here is a surgeon, or assistant
surgeon, of the Array, m time of war, voluntarily—
for we must assume that this service was volun-
tary, if it was outside of the line of his duty—as-
suming and discharging duties which do not belong
to him as a surgeon or assistant surgeon. Of
course, he can perform these services only by the
neglect of his appropriate duties; and a surgeon
of the Army or Navy, in time of war, has no bus-
iness to neglect his appropriate duty, which the
Senator from Oregon very properly observed is
devotion to the wounded and the sick; and a sur-
geon who steps aside from that duty to perform
any other service not belonging to his profession,
ought not to be paid, butought to be reprimanded.
I speak, sir, for the sick and the wounded; and I
am astonished that the Senator from Oregon, him-
self a soldier, knowing much more about this
than I do, should be willing to pay a surgeon for
departing from the line of his proper duty, and
doing other duty, no matter how well he per-
formed it. He had a higher duty, and that .was
to attend to the sick and the wounded; and if he
neglected that, I repeat, 1 would not pay him one
penny for it—not one penny. I would frown
indignantly on a surgeon in time of war doing
any other than his appropriate duty; and I should
feel that I was not speaking for those who can-
not speak for themselves—the sick and wounded
soldiers—if I did not take this ground on all such
applications. I hope that the bill will not pass.
Mr. GWIN rose.
Mr. LANE. Only a word, and I will yield the
floor to the Senator from California, for I want to
hear his opinion in relation to this matter. I will
say to the Senator from Connecticut that neither
he nor the Senator from Maine expressed any
surprise, or astonishment, or remorse, or regret,
at the last session of this Congress, in voting to
increase a man's pay that had been fixed by law,
to the amount of seven thousand dollars and over,
though he had only rendered eighteen months'
service, and had received $2,500 a year for nearly
four years. They found no objection in the world
to voting to increase it to $4,500 a year.
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask the Senator from
Oregon whether that was the case of a surgeon
who had departed from his duty?
Mr. LANE. No, sir. It was the case of a
superintendent of Indian affairs. That gentle-
man was appointed uSder a law that fixed his sal-
ary at §2,500. He rendered eighteen months' ser-
vice only, and that was established hero in the
Senate; and notwithstanding that, the Senator
voted to increase his pay for four years, or nearly
that. There was no difficulty in getting that
through on the yeas and nays; and every gentle-
man on the other side voted for it. Now, when
a man has rendered service, and was every day
on duty for two years and a half, and performed
such service that entitles him to pay—to the com-
pensation provided for in this bill, at least—the
Senator finds objection to it. I leave it to the Sen-
ator and to his conscience,and to others, toact as
theypleasein this matter, and reconcile their action
in that case with their action in this.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Connecticut
has said that Dr. McCormick neglected his duty.
It is the first time I ever heard the charge made.
He is an eminent surgeon 
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator will excuse me.
I did not by any means intend to charge Dr.
McCormick with neglect of his duty. Ho is a
perfect stranger to me, and, for aught I know, a
very valuable and meritorious officer. 1 spoke
merely of the necessary result of encouraging sur-
geons to disregard their duty and attend to other
service, which they could only do by neglecting
their duty.
Mr. GWIN. He was ordered by his superiors
to peiform this additional service, not to neglect
his duties as assistant surgeon. No man can
charge that upon him, because there never was a
more faithful public servantthan Dr. McCormick.
I was residing in New Orleans at the time, and I
know that he performed the services that have
been stated. He also performed his own regular
services, as an assistant surgeon, to the satisfac-
tion of everybody. Nobody was neglected. No
duties of his office, as assistant surgeon, were neg-
lected during the time he performed these other
services, by order of his superiors, involving him
m heavy responsibilities. Any loss which he
might have sustained; any robbery committed on
him; any mistake, would have involved him in
very large pecuniary liabilities. He was required
