24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
36th Cong. ...2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Heps.
Norfolk, in June, 1853, to August, 1854, when he
• was succeeded by Commander Rodgers. In April,
1859, I ordered Captain Ringgold to the duty of
preparing his report. He has brought the results
as near completion as circumstances would per-
mit. There being no appropriation for this ob-
ject, he was not authorized to employ assistance
or incur any incidental expenses. Memorials
have been presented to Congress from merchants
and others interested in navigation, praying that
the charts of Captain Ringgold may be published.
It is estimated that to prepare and. publish them
will require the sum of $7,700, which I think
should be appropriated for that purpose.
Lieutenant James M. Gilliss, the conductor of
the astronomical expedition to Chili,has reported
the progress of the work during the past year.
In the first place, a revision has been made of all
the observations to determine the longitude of the
observatory at Santiago, and the results have
been tabulated, and are 'ready for the printer.
This revision conclusively establishes the fact
that Valparaiso, and probably the whole coast of
Chili, as laid down on the best charts—those of
the British admiralty—are four and four fifths
miles too far to the west; an error of much im-
portance to navigators.
Second. The mathematical processes for the
reduction of all the meridian circle observations
have been perfected and incorporated in the in-
troduction for volumes four and live. The intro-
duction is ready for the press. The necessary
preparation for the reduction of these observations
was attended with great labor. The task has
been at length satisfactorily completed by two
distinct methods of investigation, and the results
tabulated.
Third. The refractions and corrections to mean
places of all the time and azimuth stars, have been
completed, and that portion of the work on two
hundred sheets perfected.
The first, second, third, and sixth volumes of
the results of the expedition have been published;
the fourth will be ready for printing during the
present winter; the fifth at the close of the ensu-
ing autumn, when the work will be completed.
Lieutenant John M. Brooke, having arrived on
the 13th of August, 1859, at Kanagawa bay, off
Yokahama, in the island of Japan, was inter-
rupted in the further prosecution of the survey
of the route between Sail Francisco and China.
On the 23d of that month occurred a severe cy-
clone, which caused the Fenimorc Coopertodrng
her anchors and strike repeatedly, so that to avoid
her loss and save the lives of her crew, she was
obliged to be run ashore. Every assistance was
offered by Commodore Popoff, of the Russian
squadron, to repair and refit her. But in remov-
ing the ballast, the timbers were found so decayed
that all hopes of repairing her were abandoned.
Her stores, with the instruments, maps, and sur-
veys, were most of them saved; and Lieutenant
Brooke, with part of the crew, at the request of
the Japanese Government, returned to San Fran-
cisco in the Japanese war steamor Kandinamar-
rah, to aid the captain of that vessel in navigating
her across the Pacific. Lieutenant Brooke began
in July last to prepare his report. The meridian
differences between San Francisco, Honolulu,
Guam, Hong Kong, Loochoo, and Kanagawa,
primary stations in the survey, have been determ-
ined with excellent results. Observations de-
termining intermediate points, reefs, shoals, and
coast lines, are in process of reduction. The
meteorological observations lmve been reduced.
The deep-sea soundings are under discussion.
The specimens obtained from depths of twelve
thousand to nineteen thousand eighthundred feet
are under examination by eminent microscopists,
with results of great interest. The plotting of the
work and the report upon the results, embracing
determinations of final positions of reefs, shoals,
and islands, surveys of portions of the coast of
Japan, courses of storms, and routes to be pre-
ferred, remain to be completed.
I refer to the accompanying reports of the bu-
reaus for the condition of the respective branches
of the service committed to their particular charge.
For the support of the Navy and marine corps,
and for all other objects under the control ot' the |
Navy Department, for the fiscal year ending June j
30, 1858, the expenditures were §13,870,684 76; i
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1859,
$14,659,267 76; and for the fiscal'year ending
June 30, 1860, $11,675,222 43.
For the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, the
estimates were $11,244,845 63. Congress having
by the act of June 1, 1860, increased the pay of
the officers of the Navy, a further estimate was
submitted to meet this increase of $471,910 39, so
that the total estimate for 1861 was §11,716,755 95.
The appropriations by the naval appropriation
act of June 22, 1860, were $10,400,129 90.
The estimates for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1862, are $11,513,904 01, that is to say:
For the Navy proper $10,163,477 00
For the marine corps .*  667,570 05
For all other ^jects  682,856 96
I have th™ionor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
ISAAC TOUCEY^
Secretary of the JV'avy.
The President of the United States.
Report of the Secretary of tlie Interior.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, November 30, 1860.
Sir: To the Secretary of the Interior, the
supervision of those branches of public service
which pertain to the internal polity of the Gov-
ernment was committed by the act of Congress
approved March 3, 1849. The period of Lime
which has since elapsed has been signalized by
extraordinary enterprise among our people, in
the development of the internal resources of the
country; and this Department, in the extent, va-
riety, and dignity of its functions, and the num-
ber and jurisdiction of its officers, has necessarily
experienced a corresponding progress, and be-
come one of the largest of the Executive Depart-
ments. Its operations involve the interests of
many citizcns in all the States and Territories,
and devolve great labor upon its chief officer.
One of the most important and widely-spread
branches of the Department is that of the public
lands. For detailed information in reference to
the same, I have the honor to refer to the accom-
panying annual report, of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. I invite your attention
to its contents with confidence; and, in view of
the amount of work done, the difficulty and mag-
nitude of the questions decided, and the number
of our people who obtain through it the titles to
their estates, I feel assured that you will be grat-
ified to observe the marked fidelity and efficiency
with which the duties of this bureau have been
discharged.
During the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860,
and the quarter ending the 30th of September
last, 36,385,361 acres of public lands have been
proclaimed for «ale. During the same period,
9,649,471 acres have been surveyed and prepared
for market, and 12,060,053.72 acres have been
disposed of in the following manner: 3,977,619.80
acres have been sold for cash, yielding the sum
of $2,021,425 97; 3,379,040 acres have been ab-
sorbed by the location of bounty land warrants;
2,037,770.92 acres approved to States under the
swamp grants; and 2,665,623 acres under the rail-
road grants. The number of military bounty land
warrants outstanding on the 30th of September
last was 74,468, and they will require 8,196,580
acres of the public domain to satisfy them.
In former reports I have expressed my decided
approval of our existing public-land system, and
my objections to any radical change in it. Forty
years ago, tile minimum price of the public lands
was fixed ot gl 25 per acre; and at this rate the
principal portion of the lands in thirteen large
and populous States on the eastern slope of the
continent have been settled, purchased, and im-
proved ; and two States on the Pacific coast have
now risen into importance, and are rapidly ad-
vancing to power, without any complaint from
their citizens as to the price at Avhich public lands
are sold. The system of surveys is perfect, the
price is moderate, and the settler is secured in his
improvements. This being done, the hinds not
taken by pieeniptors are olTeied at public sale,
the unsold lands become subject to private entry,
and the settler on Mich tracts is allowed twelve
months within which to make proof and payment
for the quarter section upon which he has fixed
his home.
When lands have been subject to private entry
for more than ten years, the price to actual set-
tlers and motivators is reduced from time to time,
until, after the expiration of thirty years, it is
only twelve and a half cent? per acre. The do-
nation—improperly termed homestead policy—
based upon the fallacy that a residence on a tract
of land for a certain number of years shall, in-
stead of a fixed price, be made the consideration
which shall entitle the settler to the land he selects
and occupies, has been tried, and, as stated in my
annual reports of 1858 and 1859, has everywhere
failed and met with public condemnation. It was
annoying to the settler, productive of controver-
sies, and injurious to the communities in which
the donations were made.
During the past year, in every case of the proc-
lamation and public offering of extensive portions
of the public lands, urgent requests have been
made, as heretofore, for a postponement of the
sales thus ordered. These requests could not be
acceded to without interrupting the harmonious
operation of the laws constituting our land sys-
tem, which requires the public lands to be brought
into market from time to time, in proportion as
surveyed lands are disposed of and other lands
surveyed. As there has not been any consider-
able competition or cash demand for new lands
during the past year, the settlers on the lands
brought into market, who were unable, from par-
ticular misfortunes, to make payment before the
day of sale, have generally been able to file de-
claratory statements after the day of sale, and
thus avail themselves of the twelve months' credit
secured by law to preemptors of lands subject to
private mtry. It is believed, therefore, that set-
tlers have suffered no serious hardships. Owing
to the slight demand for lands as an investment,
the cash receipts from the public sales have been
inconsiderable, when compared with the quantity
of land offered.
Experience has demonstrated the wisdom and
propriety of the recommendations contained in my
last annual report: first, that, in a spirit of liberal-
ity to all settlers upon unoffered lands, two years
should be allowed, from the date of settlement,
within which to make proof and payment; and
second, that it should be made incumbent upon
the Executive to offer at public sale, by proclama-
tion, within two years after survey, all the lands
that have not been claimed by settlers.
The income from the public lands during four
years past has not been so great a3 was expected.
The commercial revulsion of 1857, followed as it
was by short crops in most of the new States and
Territories, cheeked emigration, and also the in-
clination ofcapitalists to make further in vestments.
But this is not the solo cause of the reduction in
this revenue. The manner of disposing of the
public lands has been made a topic of political dis-
cussion; and, whilst some emigrant families have
made settlements and delayed giving the proper
notice, or making any payments, in the .expecta-
tion of a donation, other^iersons, who are con-
templating emigration, have deferred their remo-
val fromtheirold homes and thepurchase of lands
for settlement, awaiting some definite legislation
upon the subject. Should the discussion of alter-
ations in our land system cease, it is believed that
the revenue derived from sales would speedily rise
to a reasonable annual average, especially if the
quantity of unlocated land warrants outstanding
should continue to diminish from year to year as
for three years past.
A controversy was pending in this Depart-
ment for many years, in relation to the title to
the lands at the hot springs, in the State of Ark-
ansas. The act of Congress of the 20th April,
1832, entitled " An act authorizing the Governor
of the Territory of Arkansas to lease the salt
springs, in said Territory, and for other pur-
poses," provides, section three, "that the hot
springs, in said Territory, together with four
sections of land, including said springs, as near
the center thereof as may be, shall be reserved
for the future disposal of Congress, and shall not
be entered, located, or appropriated for any other
purpose whatever."
Several claims to a portion of the land so re-^
served were afterwaids piesented to the officers of
