THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixtii Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1861.
New Series No. 39.
take up iiouse
! question is am
.lifornia.. /
rmn *
by his superiors to do these duties, and he did
them well. I tlnnk there never was a more meri-
torious claim brought before the Senate than this.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am opposed to
this bill, and I have heard the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Maine with a great deal of satisfac-
tion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
interrupt the Senator from New Hampshire. The
hour of one o'clock having arrived, it is the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order. There
is upon the Calendar a long list of special orders,
some of them made at the last session, and in
which the Senate seems to take no interest.
Mr. HALE. I move that we begin with the
Calendar, because I have been a member of the
Senate for twelve years, and the Senate never took
up the Calendar a day since I have been in the
body; and as they say the Union is going to be
dissolved, I want to have it to say that one day,
while I was in the Senate, it went on with the
Calendar in order.
Mr. GWIN. I have been here twelve years
very nearfy, and I never saw the Calendar taken
up regularly once; and, as my time here is short,
I do not want it taken up now. I think there is
something more important before us now; and I
move to suspend all prior orders to take up House
bill No. 701.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The .
the motion of the Senator from Calii'or
RAILROAD TO TIIE PACIFIC.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 701) to secure con-
tracts and make provision for the safe, certain,
and more speedy transportation, by railroad, of
mails, troops, munitions of war, military, and
naval stores, between the Atlantic States and those
of the Pacific, and for other purposes.
Mr. FOSTER. I have a slight amendment to
this bill, which I think has been made necessary
by the previous amendments. I move, in the
sixty-third line of the fourth section, to strikeout
the words " passage of this act," and insert in
lieu thereof, " approval by the Congress of the
United States of the said acts of incorporation."
I think that it is necessary in order to make the
bill consistent with itself.
Mr. GWIN. I think that is already in the
bill.
Mr. FOSTER. Not at this point, at all events.
I think the Senator is right in reference to its being
in the bill elsewhere, but it ought to be in here in
•Older to make the bill consistent with itself.
Mr. GWIN. It is right to put in the amend-
ment, if it is left out there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I observe that in the
printed bill, as amended, an amendment which I
offered when the measure was last under consid-
eration by the Senate, is not included; and, on
conversation with the Clerk, I ascertain that his
impression is, that the question was not put to the
Senate upon that amendment. I therefore desire
to call it up, that the vote may be put to the Sen-
ate, so that there may be no mistake about it.
Mr. LATHAM. The vote was put, and the
amendment was declared by the Presiding Officer
to be carried. I recollect it distinctly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is my recollection;
but on looking to the Journal of the Senate it does
not appear so, and the Cleric was ot a different
impression.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Secretary read Mr, Doolittle's amend-
ment, which is in section four, line fifty-one, after
the word " dollars," to insert;
Provided, That thirtv per cent, of the whole amount of
bonds of the United States to be advanced as afoiesaid,
shall be retained by tlic Secretary of the freasuiy until said
road shall be fally completed thiougliout the whole line ;
and in case the road thai) not be completed, the bonds 111
tlie hands ot'the Secretary oftiieTieasury shall belorteited
to the United States.
Mr. GWIN. Is that under consideration now
39
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) It is called up by the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My recollection is that
this amendment was put to a vote of the Senate
when the bill was last under consideration, and
that it was adopted; but the Journal docs not
state the fact, and it is not printed in the bill as
amended.
Mr. GWIN. And therefore, as I understand,
it is now under consideration, as the Journal does
not show that it has been adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I have been exceedingly anxious
not to say a word that would postpone immediate
action on this bill; but I am very much opposed
to this amendment. I think it will jeopardize
the whole enterprise. The bill now is securely
guarded to prevent exactly what the Senator
from Wisconsin wishes to guard against by this
amendment, so that the road shall be completed
throughout. The great compensation is in the
center. The great profits of this great enterprise
will be in building the road entirely through; and
the withdrawal of a large amount of the credit of
the Government of the United States, in my judg-
ment, will jeopardize the whole enterprise. If
the Senator will look with attention through the
whole bill, he will find that it is particularly
guarded so as to force the corporators to build the
whole road. The great compensation is in the
center; and they are to forfeit all the moneys they
have put in it if they do not complete it. 1 know
that the Senator is a friend of this great measure;
but I believe he will jeopardize it by pressing his
amendment. I am, however, so anxious to get
the bill out of committee and into the Senate, that
I shall say nothing more on the subject, than that
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE I shall not detain the Sen-
ate. I regard this amendment as essential; and
without some further security in the bill, I doubt
exceedingly whether I could bring my mind to
vote for it at all. Looking through the bill, I sec
there may be a chance for speculators to go on
with the road to acertain distance,and when they
come to some mountain that will involve a large
expenditure, or when they come to cross a desert
country, where it will involve a large expendi-
ture, they may abandon the contract and pocket
very large profits in the speculation, withoutgoing
through with the work, and throw it back on our
hands. I therefore desire to retain in the Treas-
ury enough to secure the building of the road, and
the building of it through; hence I desire that this
amendment shall bo adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will be agreed to. I am very anxious to vote for
any measure which will secure the building of a
Pacific railroad. I will state that I intend to offer
another amendment, after this one shall have been
adopted, which will, perhaps, obviate to some
extent the objection which the Senator from Cal-
ifornia makes. I shall offer an amendment at the
proper time, increasing the quantity of land to be
given to the road from one to six sections per
mile. I think that will, perhaps, be more than
compensation for this thirty per cent, which will
be reserved to insuie the final completion of the
road. I think it a very proper amendment. Any
company that will take hold of this_ great enter-
prise, with the intention of completing it, would
certainly not object to a sufficient guarantee re-
maining in the hands of the Government for its
completion; and I think thirty per cent, a roason-
' able amount for that guarantee.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
! is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
j fiom Wisconsin.
| The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to strike out,
in line sixty-nine of the first section, the words
"one mile," and insert "six miles;" so that it
; will read;
! Every alternate section of land within bix miles of such
i raihoad line, See.
| Likewise, in line eighty-six, I move to strike
out the word " six," and toinsert " twenty;"so
that it will read:
The deficiency shall be made up by selections made will-
in twenty miles lioiu said road from lands of the United
Slates, &c.
And in line ninety-two, I move to strike out
the word " six," and toinsert " twenty;" so lliat
it will read:
To cause the public lands for twenty miles on each side
of so much of sucli road as the parties may indicate to be
withheld, &c.
Mr. BRAGG. I would like to hear the Sena-
tor explain the effect of this amendment. It seems
to me it increases the quantity of public land that
is to be given to this copipany, vastly.
Mr. CHANDLER. The effect of the amend-
ment will be to allow six sections per mile instead
of one. The amendment which has just been
adopted by the Senate reserves thirty per cent, of
the bonds which are to be issued to the road, as a
guarantee for its final completion; this amend-
ment proposes to increase the quantity of land
throughout the Territories to the extent of five
sections per mile. That is the whole of it.
Mr. BRAGG. Then, ifl understand it, it makes
the quantity of land to be given to the corpora-
tors about five or six times as great as the bill
proposed to give originally.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; but we reserve
thirty per cent, for its final completion through
the more difficult portions of the route.
Mr. BRAGG. I can only say that I cannot
vote for that amendment. I do not think it ought
to pass.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 am not altogether sat-
isfied with the amendment offered by the Senator
from Michigan, so far as the landsareconcerned,
within the limits of the States, certainly. I do
not know but I would consent to give six sec-
tions per mile through the Territories; but to give
six sections per mile, commencing on the Mis-
souri river, and going through the good lands for
two, three, or four hundred miles from there, with
the money proposed to be given, I think is more
than ought to be given.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to strike out the
Stale of California. That is the only State af-
fected. It will not give a foot of land there any-
how; for it is all mineral region.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to*acceptan
amendment that the sixth section shall be confined
to the Territori.es.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Say one section per mile
| in the States, and six sections per mile in the Ter-
I ritories. As Kansas is now admitted, this amend-
! ment would exclude Kansas and California.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as modified by the mover.
Mr. BRAGG. Let us see how it would read
as modified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to understand
this proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE I will state to the Senator
from Illinois that the bill, as it now stands, pro-
poses to give one scction per mile throughout,
besides bonds. The Senator from Michigan pro-
poses to amend it so as to give six sections per
mile through the Territories, and one section per
mile through the States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am content with that.
Mr. GREEN. As the bill now stands, I think
the amendment ought to be adopted. I think the
construction put on the bill is a mistake. My
reading of it makes it a half section per mile. It
says, ''the odd section within a mile;" and you
cannot make that amount to more than a half
section.
Mr. GWIN. Well, it will be six sections now
Mr. GREEN. I am in favor of that; but I say
the bill, as it stands, without the amendment, is
not right. I am for the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the amendment as modified was culled for, ana
it will bo read.
The Secretary read it: In line sixty-nine, to
