610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
strike out the words "one mile," and to insert
" six miles;" and after the word " line," to insert
the words " within the Territories of the United
States;" and in line eighty-six, to strike out the
word mt fi'x," and to insert " twenty;" and after
the words " United States," in the same line, to
insert the words44 within the Territories thereof;"
and in line nmety-two, to strike out the word
" six, "and to insert u twenty;" and in line ninety-
three, after the word " road," to insert the words
" as lies within the Territories of the United
States;" so that the section will read:
Every alternate section ofland within six miles of such
raihoad line within the Territories of the United States,
a*< such persons may adopt, said sections to be tho^e desig-
nated by odd numbers: Provided, That in any mcoipora-
tion ot themselves, or with others as stockholders or patt-
ners, to cairy out the piovnions ofthis act, no person s-hail
be permitted to subscribe stock to a greater amount than
the cash value of his estate, to be determined by the par-
ties herein named, and their associates, by oath or other-
wise. And when'the United States have disposed of any
such sections, or for any other reason cannot convey title
thereto, or when the same shall be condemned by the United
Stares surveyor as worthless, (and his decision be ap-
proved by the Seeretaiv of the Interior,) or when the same
shall be mineral lands,"or if the same shall be occupied at
the date of the application to the 1'iesidcnt to withhold
them from settlement and sale,ashereinafterprovidcd,the
deficiency shall be made up by selections made withm
twenty miles Itom said loadlrom lands of the United Stttcs
within the Teiritories thereof to which none ot the aloio-
said objections apply: Pro vidcJ, That &o soon as the terms
of this act are accepted by the parties undertaking to per-
form the services herein provided for, it shall be the duty
of the President of the United States, upon the application
of said parties, to cause the public lands, for tvvent> miles
on each side of so much of t.ueh load as lies within the
Territories of the United States as the parties may indi-
cate, to be withheld from settlement, sale, and occupation,
until the lands shall have been suiveyed and the alternate
sections selected, as piovided m this. act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I have an amendment which I
propose as an additional section to the bill:
And he it fu/tker enacted, That the ^ivint of lands and
bonds herein made shall he, and i-, upon the e\pre.>s con-
dition that Connies.-, shall h ive the powci, at an} time heir-
alter, to amend the jnovi^ion^ of this ,u t, 101 the pin po>(; of
re-ti.lining ahu-.es and protecting (he public inteic--ts • P>o-
vided, however, That Confess shall not be einpou'cicd to
pass any l.uvi diminishing tile specified amount of contu-
liution in luudo ami bond-! oi' tin' United States; but the
condition's heiein imposed, and the piovisions that may
lierealter be made, shall be complied \?uh.
I understand that there is no objection to this
amendment oil the part of the friends of the bill;
nnd I hope it will be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to amend section
four of this bill, by striking out, 111 line forty-nine,
the word "sixty," anil inserting in lieu thereof
" fifty;" ko as to make it read:
PioiidcL That the sum so advanced as aioicsaid shall
not exei'pff.tyjO,000.000.
This is for the central route; and if this amend-
ment shall be adopted, I propose to follow it up
by moving to strike out ^3(1,000,000, in the section
in relation to the southern route,and substituting
$25,000,000. The object which I have is to so alter
tins bill that we may provide for a road on the
northern route, and make provision for the pay-
ment of $25,000,000 for lhaf, which is the same
amount that 1 propose to give to the southern
route. 13y adopting the amendment which 1 now
offer, and those with which I propose to follow
it, the bill will provide an advance in bonds of
$50,000,000 for the central route, 4,25,000,000 for
the southern route, and £>25,000,000 for the north-
ern route. I believe the adoption of this amend-
ment is necessary and essential to make a fair
and honest bill. It will only increase the whole
amount $4,000,000; raising it up from $9b,000,000
to $100,000,000. 1 offer this amendment prepara-
tory to the otheis winch I have indicated.
Mr. GWiN. I hope this amendment will not
be adopted. It is the commencement of a thiid
line to the Pacific. My own judgment always lias
been, that the whole power of this Government
should be devoted to the construction of one line;
but I hove given up my preferences for that plan,
and yielded to the bili that has been sent to us
from the Hou^eot Repicsentatives providing for
two lines. 'I hen.' has already been adopted an
amendment that will give a railroad connection to
the Pacific c< a^t at Puget sound, on the motion
oftheSenatoi from Oregon, [Mr. La>:e.] The
bill as r now stands will give nil the mihtaiy pro-
tection that is d'siied by any portion of the Uni-
ted States; and all that tN> bill, if amended as the
Senator from Minnesota proposes, can give. We
have a railroad connection to Puget sound now
provided for by the present bill as it has been
amended. I hope, tlierefoie, the bill will not be
encumbered by putting on a third route to the
Pacific ocean. 1 have no objection to giving to
our friends in the northern section of our posses-
sions on the Pacific coast all the facilities and all
the military advantages of this measure. Indeed,
they have them as the bill now stands. In Wash-
ington Territory there are only sixty thousand in-
habitants; and the branch from the Sacramento
valley to Portland and to Puget sound will give
all the protection that is wanted there. I hope
this amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish to say, rather by way
of repetition than otherwise, that I shall vote
against this amendment. I have already ex-
pressed the reasons why I am opposed to any
amendment to this bill; and having kept my faith,
and voted against every amendment which has
been ofTeicd in the Senate, I shall vote against this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall vote for this amend-
ment, the effect and object of which are, as the
Senator from New York will see, by reducing
the amount appropriated for the central and south-
ern routes, to create a fund for a northern route.
Like the Senator from California, I am in favor
of one railroad to the Pacific; I think there should
be one great central route; but if you arc to have
a central and a southern road, I think the upper
portion of the northwestern States are entitled to
a northern route; and as this amendment is to
reduce the amount appropriated to the central
route $10,000,000, and the amount to the southern
route 1,000,000, and appropriate those two sums,
with an additional sum of $4,000,000, to a north-
ern route, increasing the whole amount appro-
priated by the bill only §4,000,000,1 shall vote for
the amendment, though holding myself at liberty
afterwards to vote to strike out the provision for
the southern route and confine the bill to one rail-
load to the Pacific ocean. If an oppoitunity can
be given to pursue that course, I should prefer it;
otherwise, I shall vote for this amendment.
Mr. CAKlCIt. I deem it proper, sir, to remind
the Senate of tire effect of this amendment, com-
bined with others already offered. Upon the mo-
tion of some gentleman—i believe the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Lane]—there has already been added
to the line of road provided for in this bill a road
from the valley of the Sacramento thiough the
valleys of Rogue river, Umpqua, and Willamette,
a railroad not fai fiom six hundred miles long—
a new burden upon the bill as it came from the
House of llepiesentatives. It is proposed now,
adding only in amount $4,000,000, to direct the
construction of another road, the length of which
would be measured by thousands of miles—the
Senator from Minnesota will correct me if I am
wiong—on what is called the northern route.
I believe that every real triend of the measure,
who has long and patiently entertained the hope
that a bill might pass and a load be built, is op-
posed to eithcrof these amendments; not because
we do not desire them; not because, if I may be
allowed to repeat it, I, representing the most
northei ly State m the Union, would not emphat-
ically desire it if it were practicable; but because
we see, and feel, and think we know, that to add
twenty-five hundred or three thousand miles of
road, with an ineiease of $4,000,OOOonly, will be
so to cause the road to stagger that it will fall.
We cannot do it. I will vote with ail the cheer-
fulness in thewoild,as the distinguished Senator
from New York said he would, for a northern
road; I will vote more than cheerfully, I will vote
gladly, for any road from California through Or-
egon. It would be my duty and my pride; but
1 cannot be tempted—I was about to say bribed—
by a road going through my State or near it. I
do not feel myself at liberty to forego the only
oppoitunity I have had, or ever may have, to lend
my aid to the'practical completion of the greatest
work of the age; and 1 desire, if my poor word
will pass for anything, to say to evei y gentleman
who realiy does desire the building of a road, that
you are causing it to stagger under amendments
until it will fall.
Sixty million dollars is a good deal of money;
but the road is very long; and when, in addition
to the length as at present prescribed, and in ad-
dition to two roads you make three, by a branch
from the valley of the Sacramento to Portland";
and in addition to three you make four, by a great
northern route, which, as the Senator from Cali-
fornia has well said, is not, in his judgment, nor
is it in mine, necessary for public military defense;
and when, to do all that, you only add $4,000,000
as compensation to the corporators who are to
make these roads, it strikes me that these are
measures which the enemies of the bill may de-
sire, but which the friends of the bill can in no
wise approve. While I do not complain of the
Senator from Minnesota—it is his duty and his
interest and his pride to do it—I do add the last
words which. I propose to say upon this measure
to the friends of the bill, asking them if they be-
lieve it possible that they can provide successfully
for any road at all, if they add what is not far
from twenty-five hundred miles of road, and then
increase the money advance of the Government,
by the poor, pitiful sum of $4,000,000? I hope,
therefore, that those of us who do leally love the
road will, in its last agony, vote against any
amendments.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will only add one word; for I
am anxious to have action on this bill. What
the Senator from Oregon has said, is literally true.
It is not in order to speak of what will occur else-
where; but it is very doubtful whether we can
get enacted into a law, by the sanction of all the
departments of the Government, such a bill even
as came to us from the other House, covering the
amount which it proposed to advance. Now, we
shall crush down and destroy this measure en-
tirely, in my honest judgment, if we add another
road—destroy it either between the two Houses,
o\ elsewhere. There are many friends of the
central road who believe it cannot be built with
the aid which this bill proposes that the Govern-
ment shall give. If you weaken it at all; if you
weaken the confidence of capitalists, who have to
put their money in it, aside from the credit of tha
Government that is given, and the land that is
granted, the whole measure maybe destroyed,
and the road may never start. As I have fre-
quently stated before, I will vote for what the
Senator from Minnesota brings forward, as a sep-
arate measure. Let it stand on its own merits.
If the bill had come to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives with this other road in it, I should
have sustained it. Now, I hope every friend of the
Pacific railroad bill will vote against this amend-
ment. Perhaps I ought not to say that; it may
be a reflection on those who are "its friends. I
know that there are local interests which gentle-
men must respect; but t wish to remind them of
the fact that they may destroy the whole measure
by standing by amendments to this bill, that are
urged on account of the effect they will have on
their localities. I want it to be understood by the
Senate, that this particular amendment, striking
out $10,000,000 from the central road, does not
diminish the whole amount to be appropriated,
but will tend to increase it. This amount is to be
stiickcn from the central route,and a like sum ia
to be stiickcn from the southern route, and both
amounts, with an additional sum, are to be given
for a northern route. The result of this amend-
ment, tlierefoie, will be to increase theamountof
bonds to be issued, and to add to the landsgiantod
to the extent of millions of acres; for, of course,,
this northern route will have its six sections to
the mile also.
Mr. DOOLITTLE-. I desire to say a single
word in relation this amendment. I believe that
there are three railroads already in process of be-
ing built from the eastern to the western slopes oS
the Rocky Mountains. There is a road m pio-
cess of construction on the central line. There is
one across Texas which is to reach El Paso, and
some day will reach to the waters of the Gulf of
California, either at Fort Yuma or perhaps at
some lower p-oint down upon the Gulf; but it is
very doubtful, m my judgment, whether it will
ever go from Fort Yuma across the Colorado des-
ert, and from there up to San Francisco. There
is a road in process of construction upon the cen-
titil line, as 1 have said, and it is bound to go
through. The people of Pike's Peak, and those
who have settled and arc settling in that neigh-
borhood, are bound to have a railroad communi-
cnnon ; the people of the Washoe mines are bound
to have a railroad communication with California.
So, too, with or without legislation, there is a rail-
