1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
voad route reaching towards Puget Sound, near
the northern part of the United States of Amer-
ica, and that road is bound to be built. Wh<it we
ask at the hands of the Government issimply fair
play. If the Government of the United S'tatos
chooses to favor these routes by grants of public
lands, or grants of the proceeds of the public lands,
we aie willing to take such a grant, and build this i
northern road. But if money grants are to be given ;
by tliG Government of the United States upon the ]
central line and upon the southern line, it is but !
just that the Government should be pledged to
favor also the northern road in the same way,
whenever that shall be in process of construction.
We do not ask the money now; we do not ask it
next year; but when the railroad is m process of
construction; nnd as fast as it shall ho built—and
we do not propose to build the railroad on the
northern route faster than the country shall be
settled up—we shall ask for a grant of land or the
proceeds of land, and then, with some money grant
by the Government of the United States, we shall
reach the Pacific coast almost as soon as it will be
reached upon any other route.
Mr. President, I say this not to object to the
building of the central road, nor to object to the
building of the southern road where it is piacti-
cable to bo built. I desire to look upon this whole
railroad scheme as a practicable thing; and I say
there are three grand lines going across this con-
tinent, and they are being settled up, and the one
which is settled up first will have a railroad first;
and I suppose it will be the central line. To the
central line the most money is proposed to be
given by this bill—the sum of $60,000,000 to aid
in its construction, in addition to the additional
grantof lands which has been given by theamend-
ment of the Senator fiom Michigan. I under-
stand that an amendment which'will be offered by
the Senator from Minnesota proposes to give a
grant of lands on the northern route, or the pro-
ceeds of lands, which, with this money grant which
is asked for of £25,000,000 only, will secure the
building of that road some time or other. I do
not know but that the friends of the noithern road
would be satisfied if you would give them nothing
but the proceeds of the public lands. If you
would only give us the proceeds of sections enough
per mile, we might run the risk of the building our
road for the value of the lands themselves. But
as this amendment does not ask, I believe, more
than six sections per mile upon the route, and but
^25,000,000, not now, but some years hence, it
seems to me that it is not asking anything unrea-
sonable at the hands of the friends of a Pacific rail-
road. We need communication with Paget Sound,
as well as with San Piaucisco. The truth is that
the great majority of the Amencan people have no
idea of the value of the country which lies aiound
our northern border, north of Minnesota evil, in
the British possessions, and the value of that
portion of this continent which we threw away
when we came down from " 540 40' or fight," to
49°, at the same time that we took Texas into the
Union, although" 54° 40' or fight "was the battle-
cry in the same canvass which brought it in. I
say that that country demands and must have, and
will have, communication, and the proper time to
pa'ss upon that question is when the railroad ques-
tion is up, and to pass upon it now.
Mr. G WIN. 1 will suggest to the fi iends of a
Pacific railroad that this amendment is of a char-
acter well calculated to deceive. There are gen-
tlemen here who will not vote for any Pacific
railroad, who will vote to reduce the credit on the
central route down to ^50,000,000; and then they
will reduce it on the other road; and th$n they will
vote against the third road, and those of us who
think a thud road should not be put on, with
these votes will defeat it; and then the bill will
come before us with the credits reduced on both
the roads to a point winch it is supposed will not
do. Therefore, 1 merely wish to say, that the
striking down of this credit here will jeopardize
the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I believe, Mr. President,
that the friends of a Pacific railroad ask for its
construction becauscitis necessary for the public
defense. They have depaited from the original
scheme of one road, and now they propose to make
three. I should lik^to hear the friends of this bill
explain how it is that three Pacific railroads are
necessary, in a military point of view, for the de-
fense of the country; how it comes that exactly
three, no more and no less, are necessary for this
purpose. I think, sir, that the proposition to con-
struct tin ee i oads shows, most conclusively, that
the real object of building this road is notforany
such purpose, but for purposes of local, sectional
convenience; therefore I shall vote against the
whole bill. At the same time I shall not vote for
anything to make the bill worse, and shall vote
against this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YKAS—M^i*. Anthony, Braas, KriglH, Chandler,
Claik, t'!iiU(in.m, nopht.'b', burkee. L'NioI, AIumui, Moinil,
Powell, K.e<\ Simmons, Ton Lh'ek, Thomson, Trumbull,
Wigiall, and Wilkinson—-10.
NAYr*—M.''j.k. Baker, Bi'tlei, Cameion, Dixon, Doug-
la.-, l-'c- T-ciulcn, Fitch, Fo.-fet, Green, G win, Harlan, [letup-
lull, Johnson ot Aikan^at-, Johnson of Tennessee, Ivinjr,
Lane, Latham. Pearce, Polk, .Sault-buiy, Sebastian, Sew-
ard, rSumaei, .Did Wilton—'H.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GW1N. Now, I hope the bill will be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to strike out sec-
tion thirteen, and all after that section relating to
the southern route, and to insert what I-send to
the Chair, providing for a northern route.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out from section thirteen to the end of the bill,
and to insert the following m lieu thereof:
Sec.—. And he it further e?vie ted, That to injure the
sale, eeitiun, and *peedy transposition ot mail-., troop*, and
public stole*,, any legal ami duly oi ;unzed company incor-
porated bv an\ oi the Stales or Teiritones thiou h which
the same shall pa-^, ^h.ill have power to lay out, locate,
construct, luinud), mamum, and «*njoy, a continuous iad-
load r'loni a point at Sup -nor, in the State of VWconsin,
to the we-tem boidei of Minnesota, at or near Bieclan-
itdge, on the lied Hi vol ot the Noith; thence we-tei !y, cioss-
1113 the Hooky Mountain ? north of the tbity-fifth parallel of
north latitude, on the mo-t eligible loute to some point on
Puijet Sound, with a biaucli diveiguis southeily within
three hundred mile--. ot Puget Sound, and via the vallcjoof
the ('oluinh'.i and Willamette uvoi*, to Portland. Oicgon,
and to be called the Noitheiu Pacific uulioad; and >aid com-
pany undcitalansi to build hfud load.shall consolidate,con-
led<>iate, and associate with any other legal and duly or
ionized companies, ineoiporated by any of the States or
Toiirtoiics lor the purpose, which may wish to aid in the
conduction of the toad upon joint and equitable term- ;
and their' h granted to said company nndeitakiug to bmid
said road, six alternate .sections or' land pei mile on each
side of such raihoad line as said company may adopt,fiom
Lake Supeiior to the western bolder of Mmne-oto, and
fiom thence, to tne amount of ten alternate sections per
mile, on cach side of such railway lino as said company
may adopt, to (he northern bolder of California; theneeio
the amounr ot -ix alternate sections per mile, on each Mde
of said railway Ime,a-< said company may adopt, to the
Pacific ocean,atornearS'in Pranersco. And said company
shall also conjunct a tclegiaph hue along said line of rail-
way, m the mo-t appioved and woikmanlike manner.
Sec.—. Addle it jurUicr cnacted, That whenever said
company iindeitakuig to construct said railway fiom Lake
Superior to San Frane^-co shall have lifty miles ot said
raihoad and telcgiuph line icady for the sei vice contem-
plated, commencing on Lake Stipeuoi, (Jhaiies [J. GJ-
fillcn <>i Minnc-ota, Nathaniel P. liank? of Massachusetts,
(but <-oon to be a citizen ot Jllinoi-O and tsaae 1. Stevens
ot Washington Teirdory, aie hereby constituted a boaul
of commissioner^ to examine the same, and leport to the
President of the Guitcd States; and if it shall appear by
said repoitthat titty miles of said laihoad and teieginph
line have been completed in a good, substantial, and woik-
inanhke manner, and in at! iopoets icquut d by this net,
and supplied with all ueeessaiy rolling-stock, building*,
and depots lot the us o of .said ioad,as a iir^t-classiaihvay,
and that the same aie in good woiking ouler, ihen it shall
be the dutv of the Secretary of the Tiea^ury, uuder the di-
rection of the President. to'is.Mie to .-aid company the bond*
of the United Statesioi the sum ot $-10,000 per mile on said
fifiy miles for the ur>e of said company, ao an advanced
pajment upon the ronttact aufhoiized by this act. And
lot each and evei\ Jilfv miles of .-aid taiho id and tclegiaph
lino ready tor soivice, in running outer, the Secretaiy of
the Treasury shall i^aie to said company the like sum of
.f:10,000 per mile m bond- of the Tinted State*, until said
load shall reach the we-tern boidei o! Minnesota; and
alter thai the sum of £lo,000 pei mile for every liftv m-lej
completed on anv part ot •said toad to Puget Sound, until
bonds shall Jiave been issued to the amount ot$2j,UJO,U0U,
when no more bonds shall be issued by the United State.-;
but .'aid company shall have the li-jht to contract with the
Bnti-h Government tor a loan of money or bond-*, giving a
mortgage hen to said British Govcimnentfoi security,su')-
,ect to the momjage lien of the United States, but, with the
exception to the United States and the British Govern-
ment, no mortgage or construction bond* shall ever in any
way be put upon said road. Any vacancies in said board
of oommi-3.-ioners, caused by death, resignation, or othei-
wjse, shall be tilled by the President ol the United Slates.
Sep.—. And be it further enacted, That said company
shall commence the woik on said rout within thiec years
fiom the approval of this act by the President of the Uni-
ted Stale-, and complete one hundred miles per year after
the fourth yeai; and every provision, condition, limitation,
. or lestrictron in tin.? act contained, shall be, and the same
arc hereby, applied to and imposed on the company under-
taking to bmid the NOithetn Pacific railroad fiorn Lake Su-
perior to Pusjct Sound.
See. — And bs it further enacted, That whenever any
Kiihoad company cmuiaced m this act shall, under the pro-
visions thereof, be entitled to demand any installment of
the bonds hereinbefore mentioned, to be issued and deliv-
ered in aid ot the construction of any or either of theltocs
of miiway contemplated by this act, such railroad compa-
ny, its associates, successors, or assigns, shall, at the same
time, as a security for the amount of t-uch bond* and inter-
est to aeciue thereon, execute to the United Stales amort--
gage on such portion of failivay as shall fiom time to Umo
l>e compu ted; on the completion of which all installments
of bonds shall be due and demandable, covering the appur-
tenances, lixtuies, rollimr-stock, motive power, and ma-
chinery, and telegraph line; which mortgage shall remain
and continue a hen and charge theieon till the whole
amount of bonds thatshall be issued in aid of the construc-
tion oi the entire Luc of such railroad shall be repaid, pur-
suant to the provisional this act; and mease of the failure
ot anysuch nuUoad company, its associate*, successors, or
aligns, to complete the entite line of oulroad and tele-
graph .the said mortgage shall contain a clause of forfeiture,
right of foreclosure, or appropriation by the United States of
the said property; which clause or condition, as to form
and sufficiency, shall be appioved by the Attorney General
ol' the United States.
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted. That no donation of
land*, nor appropriation or loan of bonds, for the objects
and purposes specified in this act, shall he granted to any
ladroad corporation, its associates, s-uecessor . or assigns,
for or on account of any raihoad or line of telegraph that
has been, or may hereafter be constructed, or in course of
constiuction, by any other coipoiation or paitie?, in any
State or Territoiy, which shall form a portion of either line
of uiihvay or telegraph contemplated in this act.
Sko. —. Jind be u further enacted, That the acceptaneo
of the teim*, condition*, and imposition? of this act by any
raihoad cot pnration, shall ho signified inwiiting under the
corpoiate seal of such corporation, duly executed pursuant
to the diiectron of its boaid of diiectois, fust had and ob-
tained; which acceptance shall be made within eighteen
months alter the parage ot this act, and not afterward**,
and shall be served on the President of the United States,
winch notice t-luill state which oi the three lines of railroad
contemplated in this act sue!) corporation undertakes to
construct and maintain; and all acts of incoipoiation, or
other acts from any State or Territorial Legislature to carry
out the piovisions of tins bill, shall be submitted to Con-
giess foi approval befoie any land* or bonds shall be re-
ceived by any ot the companies undcrtaJmig to buiid the
tsevor d lines of lailwav contemplated by this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the sections? specified, and in-
serting' those which have just been read.
Mr. WILKINSON. At thesuggestionofsome
friends of this measure, 1 wish to modify my
motion, so as to offer these as additional sections
to the oiigtna! bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am not certain about
it; but, according to my recollection, I think this
line will bring us within from thirty to fifty miles
of the British possessions. I suggest to the hon-
orable mover of this amendment whether it would
not be well enough to carry this road a little
higher, and put it on the line between us and the
British possessions? Every friend of the bill
proposes simply to construct the road for the pur-
poses of military defense; and then, perhaps, by
treaty with Great Britain, she would join us iu
constructing- it, mid both sides could agree that it
should remain unobstructed both in times of peace
and war.
Mr. WILKINSON. If I understood the Sen-
ator correctly, he is laboring under a very great
mistake. The line of this road does not go into
the British possessions at all, or near them. If
the Senator will examine carefully the map that
has been laid on the tables of Senators, he will
find that it does not touch the British posses-
sions.
Now, the objection which was urged to my
other amendment by the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Bakcr,] certainly cannot apply to this
amendment. It is very evident to any one who
has examined tiiis matter at all, that the best route
altogether of either of the three which arc men-
tioned, is the noithern route. I should like to
understand how it is that Senators on this side of
the Chamber, at least, can vote $36,000,000 for a
southern route, going through the entire length of
the State of Texas, now in the act of secession;
now about to go out of this Union. I should like,
I say,to hear some person get up and explain the
reason and the propiiety of voting§36,000,000out
of the Treasury for that route, while they stand up
here and oppose a northern route? I do notatall
accede to the doctrine that we arc to reward a
State which is in arms against the Federal Gov-
ernment, by voting the Federal money into their
hands,'and at the same time withholding it from
that poi lion of the Union which is true and loyal
to the Constitution. If, however, this act of in-
justice can be done under the pretext of saving
the Union, I am perfectly willing that Senators
shall do it. As for myself, I will^never sustain a
wrong like this for the sake of rewarding tne
State of Texas, or the State of Aikansas, or any
