I860,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
The energeticmeasures which havebeenadopted
for the prevention of pension and bounty land
frauds upon the Government have been attended
with very favorable results as is clearly indicated
by the decrease in the number of prosecutions for
offenses of this character.
patent office.
The increase of business in the Patent Office,
and the magnitude of its operations, give addi-
tional force to the recommendations heretofore
made for a reorganization of this bureau. The
amount of work devolved upon the examiners is
enormous; atfd it is difficult to believe that the
reiterated appeal&ui this behalf would have been
so entirely disregarded, had Congress realized the
actual condition of the business of the office; and
as the office is self-sustaining, it is only reason-
able that this Department should be empowered
to graduate the force employed by the work to
be done; provided, always, that the expenditures
shall be kept within the receipts.
I take occasion to renew the recommendation
of previous reports in regard to the anomaly of
allowing appeals from the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to one of the three district judges. In addi-
tion to the reasons urged in my first annual report
for an alteration of the law 111 this particular, it
is to be observed that, as each judge acts sepa-
rately upon the appeal taken, it becomes very
difficult, if notimpossiblc, to maintain uniformity
and certainty in the execution of the patent lawn.
The incomc of the office for the three quarters
* ending September 30, 1860, was $197,648 40, and
its expenditure, $189,672 23, showing a surplus
of $7,976 17-
During this period, five thousand six hundred
and thirty-eight applications for patents have been
received, and eighthundred and forty-one caveats
filed. Three thousand six hundred and twelve
applications have been rejected, and three thou-
sand eight hundred and ninety-six patents issued,
including reissues, additional impiovements, and
designs. In addition to this, there have been
forty-nine applications for extensions, and twen-
ty-eight patents have been extended for a period
of seven years from the expiration of their first
term.
agriculture.
This is one of the main pillars of the prosperity
and power of any country; and it assumes addi-
tional importance in ours, because of thccxtentof
our territory, embracing every vaiiety of soil and
climate, the cheapness of land, and the facility
with which its products can be transported to
maiket. The liberalappropriations made by Con-
gress at its last session, in encouragement of this
most useful art, received the cheerful sanction
of the people; and this Department has labored
faithfully to carry out the beneficent instructions
of Congress. Diligent inquiry has been made for
the best varieties of seeds and cuttings of every
useful plant and vegetable; and satisfactory ar-
rangements have been made for procuring them
on the best terms, and transporting them in the
safest manner. It is manifest that, when we have
received an adequate supply of the different plants
and seeds adapted to our various soil and climate,
and have developed our agricultural resources by
the judicious application of the results of scientific
investigations, the United States must become the
granary of the world.
EIGHTH CENSUS.
The general interest felt in this work, and the
importance of the nearest possible approach to
accuracy in all its details, have been properly ap-
preciated by this Department; and it is hoped that
the energy and caie with which it has been con-
ducted will insure results in accordance with the
public expectation.
The schedules and carefully-prepared instruc-
tions were distributed in time to enable the Uni-
ted States marshals to commence the enumeration
on the day appointed by law. The time within
which alt the returns should have been made is
now passed, and the census has been completed
in all the States and Territories, with the excep-
tion of some few sub-divisions, where, from cir-
cumstances represented to be unavoidable, delays
have occurred. This failure, however, creates no
surprise, when it is known that the number of
necessary sub-divisions required the employment
of four thousarul four hundred different agencies.
The returns have been placed in the hands of
an able and efficient corps of clerks; and I have
the assurance of the superintendent of this ser-
vice that, with his present force, he will enable
me, during the approaching session of Congress,
to present an exhibitof the aggregate population,
manufactures, and agricultural productions, and
to make the apportionment of Representatives, in
accordance with the twenty-fifth section of the
law approved May 23, 1850.
Sufficient information, however, has been ob-
tained to justify the conclusion that our popula-
tion has kept pace with its ordinary natural
progress, and that the increase in the productions
of agriculture, manufactures, and mines, will
show an accelerated advance in material pros-
perity.
For the completion of the eighth census, the
sum of $437,000, as a deficiency, will be required
for the currcnt fiscal year, ana a further appro-
priation of $190,000, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1862, which, with the appropriation
heretofore made for this service, will make the
entire cost of the present enumeration about
$1,642,000, of which sum about $1,303,000 will
be paid to the marshals and their assistants, in
accordance with the rates established by the law
of 1850, for their services in this connection.
The sum demanded for the execution of the
eighth census exceeds the cost of the seventh in
the sum of $245,000—an excess rendered neces-
sary by the increase of our population and its
difiusion over the vast plains of the interior.
In this my last annual report, I feel it to be my
duty to suggest the propriety and importance of
establishing a bureau of statistics.
The internal trade between the different States
of this Union is greater than our foreign trade,
and directly interests a much greater number of
our own people, yet we possess no agency by
which we can ascertain and definitely present to
the world the value and extent of tins exchange
of the products of labor. We have no central
point of statistical knowledge by which we can
show the connection and dependence of the sev-
eral States upon each other for their material ad-
vancement and prosperity. It is true that once in
each period of ten years the country is supplied
with certain information regaidingour agricultu-
ral, manufacturing;, and mining interests; yet noth-
ing is known of the importance, direction, and
channels of our home commerce. Congress, the
Departments, and the community, arc without any
general reliable resource for the ascertainment of
our internal trade and the annual productions of
agriculture, manufactures, and mines. It would
he a wise economy to establish an agency which
would secure the desired information in the most
authentic, practicable form, and regularly report
the same at each session of Congress. The requi-
site force would be small; and I feel confidentthat
the reports of such a bureau would command for
it the public favor.
judiciary.
Some changes in the laws are required to en-
able this Department to secure uniformity and to
enforce existing regulations in regard to judicial
expenses of the Government: and I renew my
former recommendations on this subject. With-
out some additional power, promptitude and ac-
curacy in the return of the emolument accounts
of the clerks of the United States courts cannot
be secured
The fixed and well-established policy of the
Government of the United States, since the year
1808, has been the suppression of the African
slave trade. From time to time statutes have been
enacted to effectuate this object, and the heaviest
penalties have been prescribed against those who
engage in this traffic. The com ts find great dif-
ficulty in construing the laws, and the judges
widely differ in their opinions and interpretation
of them. The action of the juries in all sections
of the country indicates that the penalties pre-
scribed for violations of these laws are deemed
altogether disproportionate to the heinousness of
the offense, and therefore any technical defense u
seized upon to reconcile them to finding verdicts
of acquittal. Hcncc, no case has ever yet reached
the Supreme Court, by which alone a settled con-
struction could be given to these laws. Public
policy demands a review of these laws; and a
change which would render their provisions more
practical, and therefore more efficient, would, in
my judgment, be both wise and expedient.
But I desire more particularly to call your atten-
tion to that provision of the laws for the suppres-
sion of the African slave trade, which authorizes
the President "to make such regulations and
arrangements as he may deem expedient for the
safe-keeping, support, and removal beyond the
limits of the United States, of all such negroes,
mulattoes, or persons of color, as may be so de-
livered and brought within their jurisdiction; and
to appoint a proper person or persons, residing
upon the coast of Africa, as agent or agents, for
receiving the negroes, mulattoes, or persons of
color delivered from on board vessels seized in
the prosecution of the slave trade by commanders
of the United States armed vessels;" and, also, tr
the act of June 16, 1860, which authorizes the
President to enter into a contract with any person
or society to receive from the agents of the United
States " all negroes, mulattoes, or persons of color
delivered from on board vessels seized in the
prosecution of the slave trade,and "to provide
the said negroes, mulattoes, and persons of color
with comfortable clothing,shelter,and provisions,
for a period not exceeding one year from the date
of their being landed on the coast of Africa."
During the lust spring, three slavers, having on
board 1,432 Africans, were captured and brought
into the port of Key West. These Africans were
delivered to the United States marshal of the
southern district of Florida, who furnished them
with suitable supplies, and provided comfortable
quarters for their occupancy. With the least
possible delay, contracts were entered into with
the American Colonization Society,for the trans-
portation of these negroes to Liberia, and for
their support for one year from the date of their
being landed on the coast of Africa. The said
society contracted to furnish vessels of the best
class, to be fitted, equipped, and provisioned in
accordance with the requirements of the act of
Congress entitled "An act to regulate the car-
riage of passengers in steamships and other ves-
sels," approved March 3, 1855. Good clothing,
food, medicines, and medical attendance were to
be provided for said Africans on the voyage.
The contract for their transportation was per-
formed with fidelity. Approved vessels, which
had been examined by an officer of the Navy, at
the instance of this Department, well provisioned,
and with ample room, were provided, and the re-
sult is as follows: 1,432 was the number received
by the marshal at Key West; while under hia
charge 294 died, and the survivors, numbering
1,138, were delivered to the agents of the coloni-
zation society. On the voyage, 245 died, and
only 893 were landed on the coast of Africa.
This Department is without definite informa-
tion as to the fate of the survivors sinco their
arrival in Liberia.
The expenses incurred by the marshal m keep-
ing these Africans for about six weeks, including
$5,498 60 for medicines and medical attendance,
was $27,650 92 The cost of tiansportation, ex-
clusive of the salaries of the agents of the Gov-
ernment to superintend the fulfillment of the
contract, amounted to $56,900. The cost of sup-
porting and providing them with clothing for one
year will amount to $89,300, in the event that no
further mortality shall occur among them.
During the month of August last, three young
Africans" found on board the slaver W. R. Kib-
bey were brought into the port of New York and
delivered to the United States marshal for the
southern district of that State. These boys were
quick, sprightly, and promising. Numerous ap-
plications were made by citizens to have them
bound out for a term of years as apprentices, and
others proposing that they should be placed in
the Colored Orphan Asylum, in the city of New
York; but, as the law allowed no discretion upon
the subject, I caused them to be delivered into the
charge of the colonization society, for transport-
ation to Liberia.
