/28
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. oe Reps.
On the . 15th day of October last, this Depart-
ment was advised, by a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, of the seizure of the brig-
antine slaver Storm King, with 619 Africans, and
.also of the capture of the slave-ship Erie, with 897
Africans on board, and of their arrival at the port
•of Monrovia. These Africans, reduced by death
to 1,483, were delivered to the agent of the United
States for liberated Africans, in a state of perfect
nakedness, who provided them at once with cloth-
ing and food. At the time of the landing of these
negroes the agent of the United States was in-
formed by the President of Liberia, that, unless
the Government of the United States should pay
to the Government of Liberia the same per capita
consideration which had been allowed the colon-
ization society for their maintenance for twelve
months, he could not consent to receive them into
his country. The Africans were landed, how-
ever, and the question referred to our Government.
Upon examination, it was found that the law
vested noauthority in the President of the United
States to contract with the Government of Libe-
ria for the support of these people, and as the col-
onization society have a special treaty or agree-
ment with thatGovernment, allowing tlicm to land
and maintain in that country recaptured Africans,
another contract was entered into with that so-
ciety for the support and clothing of those Afri-
cans for one year. To carry out tins contract, an
appropriation of $148,300 will be required during
this session of Congress.
The system established by the legislation of the
last session of Congress, by which the officers of
the armed vessels of the United States are au-
thorized to land those negroes found on board
captured slavers on the coast of Africa, is re-
garded as both proper and economical.
In order to carry out the policy of the Govern-
ment for suppressing the African slave trade,
there is no reason or necessity for treating these
unfortunate Africans, when brought within our
jurisdiction, with cruelty and inhumanity, by the
operation of a system which entails a heavy ex-
pense upon this Government.
Enfeebled as they are by a voyage in crowded
vessels, and with scant provision, confined within
our forts and barracks, where no one sympathizes
with or am undeistand them, with none inter-
ested to study their wants, or to administer to
their necessities, then shipped again upon another
long voyage, it is not wouderful that more than
one third of them die.
After they are landed in Africa, and kept for
twelve months, they are thrown off by the United
States to take care of themselves. In this condi-
tion, half civilized and half savage, they arc much
lesscapableof supporting themselves than if they
were altogether savage. But the Government of
Liberia,moved by a spirit of humanity, has been
compelled to remedy the effects of our laws by
enacting that cacli recaptured African, at the end
of twelve months, shall be bound to service for a
term of seven years to fit him for the duties of
citizenship.
Our system is productive of unmitigated cruelty
to these unfortunate beings; but owing to the
prejudice and distrust of our people, it is difficult
to suggest a change which would be acceptable!
to all. Any change, however, would be an im-
provement upon the present inhuman and costly
system.
The marshals into whose hands these Africans
have been delivered, have performed a most ar-
duous and disagreeable duty, with great efficiency
and fidelity; but the law allows them no compens-
ation whatever for their services. This is un-
just, and 1 hope that Congress will not hesitate
to remedy this defect m the law, and will author-
ize this Department to make such payments as
may be commensurate with the services rendered.
To provide a reasonable allowance therefor, and
to meet the necessary expenses arising from the
prosecution of persons charged with violating the
aws for the suppression of the African slave
trade, and also to enable the Government to pay
the amount now due on account of the bounty
provided for by the act of March 3, 1819—being
twenty-five dollars for each negro, mulatto, or
person of color, delis ered to the United States
marshal, or the agent appointed to reccive rceap-
l
tured Africans—an appropriation of $75,000 will
be required at the present session of Congress.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
In my annual reports for 1858 and 1859, allu-
sion was made to the fact that the Constitution
invests Congress with exclusive legislative con-
trol over the District of Columbia; yet the people
of the District have no voice in choosing a dele-
gate, or member, to participate in its councils.
The absence of any direct responsibility, on the
part of the legislative body, constitutes the basis
of appeals to its sense of justice and liberality in
their behalf. The past is full of evidence of the
generosity of Congress to this District. Liberal
charters have been granted to the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown. Judges, and other ju-
dicial officers, have been provided, at the expense
of the United States, for the administration of just-
ice,and the maintenance of good order;halls have
been supplied for the accommodation of courts,
and a jail for the safekeeping of prisoners; a pen-
itentiary has been built and supported from year
to year; bridges have been constructed and kept
in repair; streets and avenues have been paved
and lighted; an auxiliary police force established
and paid; and a heavy expenditure has been iri-
eurred in bringing a bountiful supply of pure wa-
ter into the citics from adistance; several squares
have been inclosed and tastefully adorned; a hos-
pital for the insane has been erected, officered and
supported, and provision made for the education
and maintenance of the deaf and dumb, and the
blind. Much has been done; but more is re-
quired and expccted. Owing, however, to the
want of any definite rule or settled policy on the
part of Congress in respect to appropriations for
these local objects, it is difficult to designate other
and additional improvements which ought to be
mjide at the expense of the United States.
To furnish an illustration, i need only refer to
the action of the Senate at its late session. This
Department was required by that body to submit
an estimate to Congress at its approaching ses-
sion for the construction of a new jail for this
District. Such a building is needed, and the ap-
propriation for that purpose would be proper.
But on the same principle by which you would
erect a jail for the safe keeping of the prisoners of
this District, you would enlarge the City Hall for
the accommodation of its courts. The only ques-
tion of discretion which arises is this: is the ne-
cessity for additional court accommodations as
urgent and pressing as the erection of a new jail?
From the representations made to me i consider
an additional court-room more necessary and more
pressing. Ill submitting the required estimate for
building a new jail, 1 have adopted the plan de-
signed by Mr.'Clark, architect for this Depart-
ment. The proposed structure would be suffi-
ciently tasteful and imposing in appearance, simple
and commodious in its arrangements, capable of
harmonious extension if hereafter required, and
economical in the cost of construction as well as
in the outlay that will be necessary for its safe
keeping.
rI he recommendations made in former reports,
in legard to legislation for the District of Colum-
bia, are now lespectfully renewed. The policy
therein indicated, if adopted and carried out,
would be just and fair, and, it is believed, entirely
satisfactory to the people.
For Information m reference to the public build-
ings and grounds, and the expenditure of the
appropriations therefor, i have the honor to refer
to the annexed reportof the commissioner. Judi-
cious and careful management has been evinced
in all the details of this branch of the sen ice dur-
ing the past year.
The interesting report of the superintendent of
the Government hospital for the insane is here-
with submitted, and shows that this institution
is in a satisfactory condition. The buildings are
all nearly completed. They have been constructed
in a substantial and tasteful manner, and the cost
has, ill no case, exceeded the appropriation. The
location is beautiful and commanding, and the
accommodations are ample for all patients that
are entitled to admission. The number of inmates
has incieased from year to year. On the 1st of
July last, there were—from the Anny, 24; from |
the Navy, 19; from the Soldier's Home, 4; and
from civil life, 120. Total, 167.
The grounds around the buildings should be -
laid off and improved, and the entire tract of land
substantially inclosed; and for these purposes
some additional appropriations will be needed.
The institution has heretofore been managed
with great efficiency, and bids fair soon to become
a model of its kind in every respect.
The annual report of the president of the Col-
umbian Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf
and Dumb and the Blind will be found among the
papers accompanying this report, from which it
appears that, in respect to thenumbgr of pupilsand
the efficiency of the instruction and management,
this institution has been prosperous. The number
of pupils taught during the year ending the 30th of
June last was 30, of which 24 were mutes and 6
blind. The receipts of the treasurer were $6,509 26,
and the payments by the superintendent were
$6,895 60, the excess being met by a balance in his
hands on the 30th of June, 1859. The State of
Maryland has recently made provision for placing
pupils in the institution, and accessions have been
received and others arc expected from that quarter.
Its buildings and grounds are found not to be suf-
ficiently capacious for the attainment of all that is
desired in giving instruction m manual labor and
the mechanic arts. The reports of the officers do
not show the rate of compensation required by the
directors from pay-pupils and those placed in it by
the State of Maryland; but the amount received
from the United States during the year by the
treasurer having been $5,759 26, supporting and a
educating about twenty indigent pupils from this
District, the rate of cost is shown to have been
$287 96 for each, which, at this early stage of
the history and progress of the institution, may
be regarded as very moderate indeed. This re-
sult is only attainable because the management
of the funds is intrusted to judicious men, who,
from motives of Christian benevolence, not only
conductits affairs without cost, but are themselves
constantly making private contributions to its re-
sources. In this state of the case, it appears to
be a dictatc of wisdom, as well as of benevolence,
that the institution should be favorably regarded
by Congress.
By a proviso attached to a clause in the act of
Congress of June 25, 1860, "making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment," the "office of engineer of the Potomac
water works" was abolished, and its duties as
signed to the " chief engineer of the Washington
aqueduct.1'
The annual report which is required hy the
first section of the act of March 3, 1859, in rela-
tion to the care and preservation of the finished
portion of these works, has been prepared by the
chief engineer of the aqueduct, and will also be
found among the accompanying papers.
The principal object kept steadily in view in
managing the penitentiaiy of this District, has
been to make it a self-supporting institution; but
this desirable end has not been attained. The
experiment of hiring the labor of the convicts in
different branches of mechanical labor has been
made; but the machinery, shops,'and grounds
are not of a capacity sufficient to admit the intro-
duction of a variety of employments of this kind.
I am of the opinion that some change might be
made with advantage, and therefore recommend
the enactment of a law under which the able-
bodied convicts might be employed in grading
and improving the public grounds around the
arsenal.
For the details of the history &f the peniten-
tiary during the year, and its present condition, I
refer you to the annual report of the board of
inspectors and warden. I approve the sugges-
tion of the board that some provision should be
made for the punishment of prisoners who escape
from the custody of the officers, and also for the
misdemeanor of aiding and abetting an escape.
A^an incentive of good conduct, it might be
proper to provide for the payment to each con-
vict who serves out his term of sentence without
any insubordination or infraction of the rules of
the prison, of a small per centum at his discharge
upon the value of the labor he has performed
while confined w-itlun its walls.
