80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
read a Republican newspaper, if they wish, as
readily as any other? Ah! sir, the South has
read and heard and seen too much; it may not
agree, and occasionally does not, in my opinions;
but as for my colleague, having known him for the
last nine years as a Senator in Congress, they
regard an Administration over which he can cxer-
cise influence with absolute abhorrence.
But, gentlemen of the Republican party, what
has ever been said of you by the northern De-
mocracy that you would now deny? Give me the
specification. Do you deny that you are in favor
of excluding the southern people from all the Ter-
ritories of the United States, except on condition
of leaving their slaves at home? Do you deny
that you are in favor of such exclusion, even
where tlie inhabitants of the Territory opposeit?
My colleague avowed that distinctly in his speech
of Monday last. Do you deny that you are in
favor of surrounding the present slaveholding
States with new States and with Territories from
which slavery is thus excluded? And what can
be your purpose in all this, unless it be to render
the institution of slavery so insecure in the States
where it now exists as to compel them, by an
instinct of self-prcsorvation, to emancipate their
slaves? Did not my colleague boast in his speech
\hat when the slaveholding States had seceded—
if, unfortunately, they ever should secede—from
our present Union, and formed another union of
theirown,he and his Republican allies would con-
quer, or else annex, the remainder of Mexico,
and thus secure a government better than we now
have—a government " more magnificent,, more
powerful, and more just" than the world had ever
Been ? Whether the Vree-negro colonies which my
colleague proposed to establish in Central Amer-
ica and southern Mexico were to be the subjects
of or equal participants in this new government, I
did not exactly understand.
Do you deny that you are unfavorable to the
execution of the several acts of Congress now in
force for the redelivery of fugitive slaves? What
mean those various acts of legislation, in nearly
alt the Stales which you control, referring to that
subject? They do not, perhaps, directly assail the
right of a master to the service and labor of his
slave; but their manifest design is so to encom-
pass every claimant with penalties and snares
and pitfalls on every side, that he will abandon
his claim under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, rather than assume such risks in
pursuing it.
Do you deny that, in the States which you con-
trol, you are in favor of conferring the right of suf-
frage, with all other political rights, upon negroes
anu mulattoes? No such legislation prevails in
any State which you do not control. I do not
say that it now prevails in every State which you
control, but certainly it prevails in most of them.
It is a distinct feature of your partisan policy; so
much so that, in the State of Ohio, despite the
language of our constitution and laws, written
as plainly as language could be written, your
partisan court has, within the last twelve months,
^ conferred the right of suffrage upon a sufficient
number of persons tainted with African blood to
control the result of our last October election.
These arc all the accusations 1 have brought
against you; and I have made them—not to the
people of any southern State, whom I seldom ad-
dress, but to my own constituents—to the free
and qualified electors of Caucasian blood in the
State of my own birth and residence. I shall
repeat them, knowing them to be true, year after
year, as long as I live, or until you repent of such
enormous and shameless transgressions.
A few words more, Mr. Piesident, in regard
to those personal liberty bills. I have character-
ized them sufficiently iu geneial terms; they are
of little, if any, practical effect or operation. The
State of V.ermont, where, according to the con-
fession of her Senator, [Mr. Collameu,] there
has not been a fugitive slave in forty years, found
it necessary (as he would persuade us) to enact
a law of stringent penalties, lest, perchance, a
slave might be reclaimed within her limits other-
wise than as the acts of Congress prescribe.
What could be the motive for such an enactment?
Nothing, si/, nothing, unless it be to insult the
feelings, and outrage the sentiments, of our fel-
low-citizens in the southern States. The Senator
acknowledged that it could have no other inten-
tion; because he acknowledged, almost in terms,
that no human being, white or black, would ever
come within the operation of such a law. In the
border States, like my own, whenever such legis-
lation has been attempted, except in a few noto-
rious localities, the people, of all parties, thor-
oughly despise such pitiful, quibbling, and tricky
schemes, and therefore do not observe them. For
example: in 1857, a Republican Legislature of
Ohio enacted that if any person should bring a
slave into the State for a single instant,even with
the slave's consent, he or she should be punished
with fine and imprisonment. More than a thou-
sand persons violated that act in the city of Cin-
cinnati within less than six months; but nothing
came of it. They went from Cincinnati in every
direction through the State, seeking places of so-
journment for the summer. What decent man
would enforce any such law ? Suppose that some
mother, carrying her infant from the heat and
peril of July or August in Louisiana, should fly
to a place of refreshment in Ohio, and having no
other nurse, (as, in Louisiana, they ha\c not,)
should be accompanied by some faithful slave:
where is the man—for I know that my colleague
would not—who would subject that mother to
fine and imprisonment? Yet, sir, gentlemen like
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] and
my colleague, who profess devotion to the Union
of the States, and would not violate the courtesies
of daily life, adhere to a political party which
thus reduces an act of mercy to the grade of ar-
son, rape, and robbery, and threatens outrages
which by the comity, if not the law, of nations,
would furnish a justifiable cause of war.
Those bills, I repeat-, have no practical opera-
tion; but they exasperate our fellow-citizens of
the southern States by exposing them and their
institutions to derision. I accord, therefore, and
fully, with the venerable and eminent Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] that, first of
all, as an obvious duty, not so much to the south-
ern people, as because it concerns our own de-
cency and honor, we, of the non-slaveholding
States, should expunge from our statute-books,
at once and forever, all such enactments. The
Democratic party of Ohio discharged that duty,
plainly, faithfully, and nobly, two years ago.
What we have to fear at present is, that the Re-
publican Legislature, about to reassemble at Co-
lumbus, on the first Monday of January, will
restore what has been expunged. My colleague
promised the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
last winter, in so many words, that those laws
should be restored. I wait to loam whether his
party will sustain or lepudiatc him.
My colleague said, also, that I had testified
" magnanimously" to the fidelity of the Repub-
lican party in respect to the restoration of fugi-
tive slaves. lie does 'me honor over much. I
intended no such testimony, and do not, if that be
its price, deserve his compliment. I did reply to
an extravagance of the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. I-vf.rson,] last week, when he declared that
the fugitive slave act had not been, and could not
be, executed m any non-slaveholding State, un>
le^y by force of aims: because I thought an asser-
tion of that soit, uncontradicted, might aid in
exciting the people ofGeorgia, ata time of already
too much excitement and alarm. They might well
credit, if that were allowed to pass without chal-
lenge, his assertion that the people of the northern
States had lost all honesty and truthfulness. I
told the Senator from Georgia, therefore, that a
large majority of the people of Ohio were, this
day, in favor of a strict and faithful execution of
the fugitive slave law; but I did not tell him, and
never imagined for one instant, that a majority of
the Republican party were. No sir; a minority
of the Republicans, with all the Democratic party
in Ohio, and all the Americans or Union men,
are so; and our strength is principally in the south-
ern and central portions of the State. I erred, and,
strangely enough, will convict myself in that,
| when I told the Senator from Georgia we never
i had more than one mob in Ohio resisting the exe-
I cution of that law; because there was another
i case, at least, in which 1 was retained as counsel,
| beside the one to which I alluded. The fact es-
j caped my recollection at the instant; but the law
I was, ne\ertheless, carried into substantial effect.
The point of my allusion to the supreme couit of
Ohio, in what is commonly known as the Oberlm
case, was not that the Republican party, but three
out of five judges, in spite of their partisan affin-
ities, obeyed the law. My colleague has not for-
gotten the sequel of that decision, nor how the
Republican party, in State convention, with him-
self as presiding officer, m less than a week*, dis-
missed the chief justice, Joseph R. Swan, from
any further employment. The gentleman nomi-
nated and elected in Judge Swan's place is, I be-
lieve, in favor of executing the fugitive slave act;
but no thanks to Republican leaders and man-
agers—they did not know it at the time of his nom-
ination. Now, sir, my colleague, having offi-
ciously called me to the stand as a witness, can
make the most—he cannot deny it—of what I
have testified.
With respect to fugitives from justice—of which
so much has been said—I will make one observ-
ation. The behavior of Governor Dennison, in
refusing to comply with the requisition of Gov-
ernor Magoffin, is utterly indefensible; but the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] attaches
entirely too much importance to the case. It is
not the first case of that kind, nor the second,
nor the fiftieth. On the contrary, in most of
the States, a miserable habit has grown upon
Governors of sacrificing the plainest obligation of
their duty, under the Constitution of the United
States, to appease some local and perhaps tempo-
rary excitement. Instead of observing, as every
one of them ought to observe, that the Constitu-
tion is a treaty of universal extradition, and that
each State is under the most solemn compact to
assist in executing the laws of every other State,
so far as fugitives are concerned; the Governors,
and even the courts, of nearly all the States, seem
to have arrived at the conclusion that a fugitive
from justice shall not be surrendered upon con-
stitutional demand unless the crime with which
he has been charged is cognizable at common law,
or is alike a crime in the State of refuge and in the
State from which tho party fled. It is wholly inde-
fensible, Mr. President, in every case; and New
Jersey is the only borderState, so far asl now rec-
ollect, which has truly discharged her obligation
in this particular. Rut now, if we should be able
to amend the Constitution at all, I trust that my
honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] under whom I have enlisted for this cam-
paign, will propose some words of amendment
so plain as to obviate all such unseemly contro-
versies hereafter.
Thus much, sir, because if I had not corrected
my colleague, I should have appeared in a false
position. I did not interrupt him on Monday
last, because others interrupted him too much,
and hardly allowed him to develop, as he might
otherwise have done, the whole scope of his
argument.
My colleague declared also that the Republican
party had taught no new doctrine with regard to
the subject of slavery in the Territories. Sup-
nose that were all true; suppose, after ever so
long an acquiescence in its policy, or ever so cor-
dial an approval, the people of fifteen States had
now ascertained, for the first time, that such a
policy must be injurious to them, to their interests,
to their future prosperity: what reasonable objec-
tion has my colleague to assign (or any one else)
for not rendering the Union as beneficial to those
States as it can possibly be rendered, withoutin-
jury to others, in any respect whatsoever? Rut
the declaration of my colleague is not true. The
policy of our Confederation, from the beginning,
was to allow the slaveholding as well as the
non-slaveholding States an equal opportunity for
colonizationand development. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] shakes his head.
Well, sir, I understand the history of our coun-
try quite as well as he does; and I say that it was
foreseen,in 1787, by the legislative action, or, at
least, the legislative tendency of the severalStates,
that the line between Delaware, Maryland, and
Virginia upon the one side, and Pennsylvania upon
the other, would be established as a line of sepa-
ration indefinitely between the slaveholding and
the non-slaveholding States of the Confedeiacy;
and that suggested the Ohio river as a fixed and
natural boundary westward to what was then
our westernmost line of limitation. The territory
