6H
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
January 29,
ty-four, strike out "thirty-six,"and insert "twen-
ty-five;" so that the clause will read:
And from that point, tlie bum of >310.000 per mile foi each
fifty miles of railway and telegraph line so completed to tne
western termi.until bonds shall have been issued to the
amount of $23,003,000, when no more bonds shall be issued.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to have the
question on each one of those amendments sep-
arately, for I do not understand exactly the effect
of them all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first amend-
ment will be voted on by itself. It is in section
thirteen, lines eleven and twelve, to strike out the
words " at or near San Francisco."
Mr. GWIN. llow will it read then ?
The Secretary read:
And thence proceeding byasingle trunk line, and b> the
nearest and best route to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. GWIN. Is that the southern or the north-
ern route?
Mr. WILSON. The southern route.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, nays 22.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hkc to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment, for I think it
very important. [" Too late."] Well, we can
have a vote on it in the Senate. I withdraw the
motion; and I shall ask for a vote upon it when
the bill is reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The nest
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will be read.
The Secretary read it: In line thirty-throe of the
fourteenth section, after the woid 44 teiminus,"
to strike out the words "at or near San Fran-
cisco;" so that the elausc will read:
And ft om that point, the bum of $12,000 per mile foi each
fifty miles of laiiway and telegraph line so completed to
the western terminus until bonds shall have been is.-ued
to the amount of $33,000,000, when no moie bonds sh.dl
be rs>ued.
Mr. WILSON. I will sug^rst that that amend-
ment iuvolves the same principle; and therefoiea
vote need not be falcon upon it. 3 withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, and the next amendment will
be read.
The Secretary £pad the amendment: In line
tlurty-fourof the fourteenth section, to strike out
thirty-six," and insert " twenty-five;" so that
it will lead:
Until bonds *hall have been issued to the amount of
$.25,000,000; when no more bonds shall be issued.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, my object is,
to give $25,000,000 to the southern, $25,000,000
to the northern, and $69,000,000 to the central
route. I propose to reduce the amount for the
southern route from $3f>,000,000 to $25,000,000.
My intention was, to cut oil* quite a number of
miles m California, running up to San Francisco;
but the Senate have decided otherwise, on a vote.
I am afraid, with the amendments that have been
adoptcd,addmg$25,000,000for the northern route,
if we retain these Jarge sums on the other the
whole wiii be lost. I piopose, theiefore, to limit
it to $25,000,000 for the southern and $25,000,000
for the northern route, and the whole of it will
make $110,000,000 I offer the amendment be-
cause 1 think it will have a tendency to cairy the
bill through.
Mr. WILKINSON called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The object of tin: amend-
ment is to reduce the appropriation for the south-
ern route, as I understand, from $36,0u0,000 to
$25,000,000.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That would involve a further
amendment, I suppose, so as to reduce the iafe
per mile in the other parts of the bill, otherwise
you will give so much per mile on the road, which
would, perhaps, amount to more than $25,000,000,
and then limit u to$25,000,000: which', I suppose,
would render a supplemental bill necessary to
carry it out,
Mr. WILSON. The same difficulty is involved
in the other.
Air. DOUGLAS. I think the rates? per mile
should be so adjusted that they will correspond
With the sum total we are to pay from the Treas-
ury: otherwise a restriction that it shall not go
over$25,000,000.ora.iy other sum,will no tamount
to anything.
Mi. BAKER. Let me surged to the Senator
from Illinois that if this amendment prevail, some
other gentleman will undoubtedly movc^ corre-
sponding amendments to make the bill suit; and
those propositions wiil be adopted afterwards.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no objection to that,
provided the assurance can be given that the rate
will be enough to make the road. I suppose the
bill gives just so much per mile on the idea that
it required that amount to make the road.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will allow me, I
will make a suggestion. The same difficulty ap-
plies to the billon its original shape. Nobody
knows what it will amount to. It will depend upon
the location of the route, the curves, and various
other things.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messt.s. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Dooiiitle, Durkec, Fessendeu, Foot, Grimes, Hailan, King,
MmriH, Fuiih, Iliee, Simmons, Tnuuhuli, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and WiNon—10.
NAYrf—Messrs. Bakei, Bigler, Biagg, Blight. Cameron,
Clmgnian, Ciittendeih Dixon, Douglas, Fitch, Foster,
Green, C\vin, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Nichol-
son, Pearcc, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Seward, Thomson,
and Wigfall—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offe^an amend-
ment, in line eight of section five, after the word
" year," to insert the words " or shall fail to make
such progress during any portion of the first two
years as shall satisfy the President that the one
hundred miles required will be completed by the
end of that time;" so that the section will read:
See. 5. Jlntlbe it further enar/cil, That ifthccorporalion
or corpoiations proceeding under the provisions of this act
in the constiuetion ol said load shall lail to commence the
woi k upon said load within one year fiom the time at which
the aeN of incorporation shall have been approved, accord-
ing to the fn-st section of tins act, or fail to complete-one
limidied mile.; per year after the fir-t jear, ot shall fail to
make Mich piogress during any poition of the first two years
«i^ shall satisfy the President that the one hundred miles
icqir.red will be completed by the end of that time, or sdial)
fail to complete the whole of said lino and turni-h the rail-
road transportation contemplated and contracted loi by this
act along the entire line within fifteen ycais, &e.
The object of that amendment is, to place it ab-
solutely under the control of the President, so that
there shall be no needless delay; that in ease tiie
President is satisfied it is In the hands of specu-
lators, and the work has not been done, he shall
have the power to take it from their hands.
Mr. PUGII. It seems to me, if there should
be any road under this bill—of which I have not
the slightest expectation—that this would be arm-
ing the President of the United States with a most
extraordinary authority; and for that reason I
shall vote against it. As I said, I do not expect
any road will be made by the bill; but if there is
to be a road, I am not for the President owning it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. Now, 1 hope the bill will be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. BRAGG. I have an amendment or two
to ofiei. I move, in line twelve, section three,
after the word "reimbursed,1' to strikeout the
words " by service so rendered." My purpose
in this amendment is not to confine the claim of
the United States upon this corporation simply to
reimbmsemont by services rendered. I shall fol-
low it up by a motion to strike out the same
words in relation to the moi tgage which U is pro-
posed to make; so that the mortgage shall be a
full lien upon the whole road without its being
limited to reunbuisements m any particular way.
1 move to mi ike out these words, " by services
| so rendered."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. The Senator
from North Carolina has fought this bill faith-
fully. There is no question about that; and I
compliment him and those who have acted with
him, on the success with which the battle has been
waged. I am satisfied that under theamendments
that have already been adopted, the bill itself will
never build the road. I am also satisfied that all
that the bill can or will do is to establish the lines
of the road; and that future legislation alone will
ever reach the object which Congress has in view.
Hereafter, those who will be intrusted with this
matter can, perhaps, proceed, under this bill, so
far as to fix the line of the road. To that extent,
the bill may be effective. No further do I believe
it can ever be effective. Under these circumstances,
future legislation must carry it out, and complete
and perfect the measure. I am willing now to
vote for the bill as it stands, and leave it to that
future legislation; for I am satisfied that the lines
and directions marked out by the bill are the best
that we shall ever make. Under these circum-
stances, disposed as I am to vote for it, feeling
that the bill has become an annoyance to the
Senate, and such a one that we should no longer
trifle with it by petty amendments, believing that
we should, as a matter of self-protection, vote
down any further amendments, I prefer to make
this protest on the presentamendment introduced
by one whom I esteem so highly as I do the Senator
from North Carolina, rather than on an amend-
ment introduced by a Senator who it mi^ht be
supposed I could oppose as a matter of feeling. I
therefore earnestly ask the Senate to show plainly
that they mean to consider this matter no longer;
but to take the bill as it stands, vote upon it, pass
it, send it to the other House, and have done with
it in this body, in order that we may go on with
whatever else has to be considered by the Senate.
Mr. BRAGG. I admit the force of a great deal
that my friend has said about this matter; but I
had intended to offer these amendments hereto-
fore, but was prevented by an absence from the
Senate, necessarily, for several days. I think,
while we are amending the bill—whether it is to
have any effect or not, I will not undertake to
say—it requires amendment in the particulars I
have indicated. I have heretofore stated, notwith-
standing what my friend says, that I -have not
fought this bill in any factious spirit at all. The
amendments I have offered, I think, have been
proper ones; and while I am opposed to the meas-
ure, I have admitted that candidly. If it is to pass
in any shape, I want to see it passed in a shape
in which the interests of the country will be pro-
tected.
As I said before, as I understand this bill, it
looks to a reimbursement of the Government
solely by services to be rendered by the corpora-
tion; and I call the attention of the Senate to the
words which I propose to strike out fiom line
twelve, page 7. The clause would then read:
Ihitil the whole amount of money and accruing interest
advanced by the United States to said coiporation or cor-
porations shall be leimbuised.
The bill, as itnow stands,adds the words " by
services so rendered." If it is to confine the re-
imbursement to the service to be rendered, I want
to get clear of those words. By referring to line
seventy-eight, on page 10 of the bill—the section
wherein there is a provision for a mortgage upon
the whole road, which it is provided, I admit,
shall be a first mortgage, and, I suppose, intended
by the Senate to be a full lien for the security of
the United States for the whole amount advanced—
it will be seen that that section ends thus:
As security that the amount of the bonds and interest
thereon advanced by the United States, as aforesaid, shall
be reimbui&cd m mail and other service, according to the
piovisions of this act.
I wish to strike out the words, " in mail and
other service, according to the provisions of this
act;" so that the mortgage shall remain and be a
security that the full amount " of the bonds and
interest thereon, advanced by the United States
ns aforesaid, shall be reimbursed." It will give
the Government a control, to some extent, over
the corporation; a control which they ought to
have the power to exercise. I therefore move to
stuke out those words in both the sections. I
think they ought to come out.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Noith Carolina who avows that he is op-
posed to the bill, moves this amendment, and I
certainly can bear testimony that he has not
attempted to thwart the bill in any unfair way.
He has moved amendments, and I consider some
of them very good, but in this amendment I think
the Senate should not concur. 1 do not believe
that there are too many inducements in this bill
now to get this road built, and especially to build
what I regard as the greatest of all, the great
central road. I do not believe that these roads
will ever be able to pay back this money; and I
do not think we ought to amend the bill in the
manner proposed. The bill provides that the
money and accruing interest shall be paid back
by certain services—by carrying troops and mails.
If we can get our troops and our mails carried
over these roads at fair rates, and insomuch
reduce the interest on the bonds., or tho amount
of the bonds themselves, and extinguish those
