I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
36th Cong....2d Sess.
JState of the Union—Mr. Pv.gh.
Senate.
northwest of the Ohio river was devoted to colo-
nization from the non-sl aveholding States, or those
about to become such; while ICentuclcy, then
part of Virginia, but expecting soon to be a sep-
arate State, together with the territories now cm-
braced by Tennessee,Mississippi, and Alabama,
remained to slaveholding immigration and settle-
ment. Afterwards, at the time of the Missouri
compromise, in March, 1820, President Monroe
yielded his doubts in regard to the constitution-
ality of that arrangement, because it canied into
effect substantially what the original States had
themselves foreordained. It was, in truth, a par-
tition of territory between tenants in common.
And now, the Republican party, which has ever
justified its own origin and existence, and more
than all, its intensely sectional character, by ar-
guments drawn from the abrogation of the Mis-
souri compromise line, m 1854, must either acccpt
the proposition of my distinguished and venera-
ble friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Chittenden,]
or confess itself u delusion and a snare fiom the
commencement. I accept his proposition, and in
food faith shall vote for it. Yet, sir, except the
enator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] who ad-
dressed us so pertinently and so eloquently, and
with such honor to his constituents, in the early
part of last week, i have not yet heard one man
Vipon the Republican side of this Chamber pro-
nounce a syllable of approbation, or even of com-
promise. Senators, it is time for you to speak;
and may God grant that you will speak wisely
for yourselves, as well as for me!
Why cannot we of the non-slaveholding States
consent, immediately and cordially, that the slave-
holding States of the Union shall have as ample
scope and verge, proportionable to their numbers,
as we have, for the development of their form of
civilization. If you, Republicans, believe (as I do
not) that there is any antagonism between their
civilization and ours, within the same organized
community, then divide the public domain, and
allow them, as well as ourselves, equally and sep-
arately, to have room. Our presentTerritoriesare
large enough, and most of them are uninhabited;
hut if you think otherwise, we can purchase or
conquer more. You must either agree with me,
or you must answer me distinctly this great ques-
tion: is the institution of African servitude, as it
now prevails m the southern States, so hateful to
you, so barbarous and sinful in your estimation,
that you cannot suffer it to exist, with your tol-
erance, anywhere? If so, how can we ever hope
for peace in a Union of slaveholdmg and non-
slaveholding States? It is impossible that two
great sections, the one fervently attached to an
institution which the other so much abhors, can
arrive at any terms of conciliation. You cannot
adopt that alternative, therefore, without express-
ing yourselves disunionists in principle and dis-
unionists at heart.
The question becomes very material also in
view of another clause in the proposition which
my venerable friend fiom Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] has submitted, namely: that Congress
never shall prohibit the existence of African sla-
very in the forts, arsenals, and dock-yards, sit-
uated within the limits of a slaveholdmg State,
and shall not abolish it in the District of Colum-
bia, so long as the institution prevails in the ad-
jacent States of Maryland and Virginia, nor even
when they shall have abolished it, except with
the consent of the podple residing here, and upon
teirns of just compensation. If you can agree to"
that proposition—as I hope you will—you can
agree, by the very same argument, to divide our
common Territories between slaveholdmg and
non-slaveholding civilization. Do not attempt to j
avoid me, Senators, even in the secrecy of your
own hearts. What you have to decide now, and
to decide for all time, is whether, in your estima-
tion, slavery is or is not so hateful that you are
under a conscientious obligation to abolish it or
prevent it wherever you have the power. If yea,
the Union is now dissolved; it#iever,in fact, had
any but a nominal existence.
Observe, Senators, if this be your doctrine, that
you are only absolved, in the light of your own
consciences, from the duty of abolishing slavery in
the States where it now exists, by the fact that you
have no constitutional power respecting it. But
is it not your duty, under such admonitions of
conscience, to divide the large States, New York,
Pennsylvania, and Ohio, or by the admission of
new States, with or without adequate popula-
tion, to arm yourselves, through an amendment
of the Federal Constitution, with whatever powers
may be requisite?
I propound to you this alternative,as deciding
the whole controversy m the simplest terms. It
includes every thing, and puts everything to an
immediate and decisive and eventful issue.
My colleague said that the character of Mr.
Lincoln, the President elect, from his youth up-
ward, ought to afford a sufficient guarantee that
ho would never infringe, by his administration,
the rights or the security of the people, South or
Nortir, in any particular. Well, sir, I know noth-
ing to Mr. Lincoln's personal discredit; I hope
well of him, and even desire to think well of him.
But 1 must be permitted to say, despite all this,
despite the assurance of my colleague, that sin-
gularly enough, Mr. Lincoln is the most obscure
man ever elected to the Presidency of the United
States. He may be an excellent man, worthy in
all respects, but he has had loss experience in
public affairs, and is less known to the country at
Urge, than any of his predecessors. My colleague
may have learned Mr. Lincoln's character since
the nomination at Chicago; but I think it safe to
affirm that, of the million who voted for him in
November last, ninety-nine hundredths never
heard of him until his contest with my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] about two years
ago.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator whether he
had well studied Mr. Buchanan's charactcr before
he voted for him ?
Mr. PUG1I. Yes, sir, I had; but where is the
pertinency of such a question?
Mr. WADE. 1 only wished to know.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. Buchanan had a record of
more than twenty-five years of public service. I
voted for him, therefore, without the least hesita-
tion; but when my colleague demands that I shall
accept Mr. Lincoln's chaiacter, not as an indi-
vidual, but as a public man, I may well ask what
lie has ever done or ever said. Mr. Lincoln may
be the wisest man of our age—I do not deny it,
because I know nothing of him; he may be, for
aught 1 know, an angel in disguise; but of thirty
millions of people, north and south, whose Chief
Magistrate he is to be, nine hundred thousand in
each million never heard of him until the Senator
from Illinois rendered him suddenly famous. Mr.
Lincoln must approve himself in the future, con-
sequently, and not from the past. If the conven-
tion at Chicago had nominated my colleague, for
instance, or any other Senator upon that side—
I do not wish to engage in your quarrels, and am
only speaking in supposition—I might have
known what to expect. As the matter stands at
present, the character of Air. Lincoln, whatever
his chaiacter may be, affords no guarantee at all.
He was the least notabh of all the aspirants for
the Chicago nomination; and that, I imagine,
secured his ultimate success.
But, sir, except Mr. Lincoln's extraordinary
luck in thus securing a presidential nomination,
and afterwards (by what causes I need not spe-
cify) an election, 1 know nothing to his credit (#
discredit, as a politician, except the paragraph
quoted by the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Lane]
yesterday afternoon. That may be, and is, very
essential in connection with what I have just now
inquired. In a speech, delivered upon sufficient
deliberation, at a Statu convention of his party,
in Springfield, Illinois, on the 17th of June, 1858,
Mr. Lincoln used language which now requires,
at least, some explanation. He referred to what
is called, in ordinary parlance, the slavery agita-
tion. lie said:
"In my opinion, it will not cease until a eiisis shall have
been reached and pa^ed. < A house divided against itself
cannot vtand ' J believe thu Government cannot endure,
peimanenlly, half ?-javc and halt tjoe. I do not expect tlie
Union to be dissolved—1 do nor expect the hou^e to tall—
but I do expect it will ic;bO to be divided. It will become
all one Tiling, oi all the other. Either the opponents of f!a-
vciy will ariei-t the luture i-pread of it, and place it wheie
the public mmclbhall res>t in the behet that it is'm the course
ot ultimate extinction; or itb advocate* will pu?h it for-
ward till it shall become alike lawful in all the States, old
as well as new, Noith as well as South."
Mr. Lincoln spoWb here indubitably and en-
tirely of slavery m the States where it now exists.
We have no question respecting the extension of
slavery intoTerritories,inhabited oruninhabited.'.
Mr. Lincoln compares our Federal Government
to a divided house, which, in his opinion, cannot*
stand. Now, sir, what divides our house ? Only
the existence of slavery in some States and its
non-existence in others. That division always:
existed; it existed at the first hour of the Federal
Government, when merely eleven States out of
thirteen had ratified our present Constitution. It
will continue to exist as long as there is one State
in the whole Union maintaining the institution
of slavery while others do not. It is not a ques-
tion, therefore, whether the institution of slavery
shall or shall not be extended into Territories now
free. My colleague might as well abandon such
disputations. The division of which Mr. Lin-
coln speaks in our house always existed; and, in
all human probability, if the house should stand,
will continue forever. Mr. Lincoln confesses, in
terms, that it is slavery which divides the house:
v<l believe [said he] this Government cannot endure,
permanently, half slave and half free."
That is a curious style of adjeetive, and I give
him credit for its invention.
u I do not expect the Union to he dissolved, [he said;]
I do not expect the house to fall."
Why not? Why should notour divided house
^fall in pieces? Why does not a Government
which cannot endure permanently, and therefore
must fall, now fall at once? Mr. Lincoln avoids
the logical conclusion of his own premises, in a
simple, and, if true, a conclusive manner. That
is, to extirpate slavery wherever it now exists.
" I do not expect the house to fall," [he said.] " but 1 do
expect it will cease to be divided."
How can it ccase to be divided? Only, as all
must answer, by the emancipation of slaves within
the States where they are now enthralled. The
division cannot ceftsc in any other way; and Mr.
Lincoln, with a boldness which I admire, con-
fesses the fact:
" It will beeome all one thing or all the other. Either
the opponent* of slavery will surest the fuither spread of
it, and place it whcie the public mind shall re^t in the
belief that it Is in the course 0/ ultimate extinction, or its
advocates will push it forward till it shall bccome alike
lawful m all the States, old as well as new, North as well
as South."
Mr. Lincoln preludes all this by a sentence
which I have once read, and now read again:
" Jn iny opinion it will not cease until a crisis shall have
been jeached and parsed."
Senators, we arc in that "crisis" now: we are
passing through it. The " crisis" of Mr. Lin-
coln has come on us, and upon the whole coun-
try, by the fact of his election. It is for him,
consequently, and for his political supporteis,
here and elsewhere, to affirm or to repudiate the
doctrine which I have just elaborated. I implore
you, Senators of the Republican party, for your
own sakes, for the sake of your wives and chil-
dren, as well as mine, for the sake of our country,
North and South, to unite with the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] in terms of hon-
orable conciliation and settlement. I am no par-
tisan; I was once: hut, as you all know, my party
is distractcd, and I fear, hopelessly destroyed. I
ask you to give the people of the slaveholdmg
States additional guarantees—such as they ought
to have, under the Constitution of the United
States, and such as it is eminently proper, in the
circumstances, that you should propose, or, at
least, should accept.
Heretofore, under the administration of other
Presidents, and of all other parties, Federal and
Republican, Whig and Democratic, slavery in
some of the States has never been thought so to
divide our national house that it should neces-
sarily either be abolished or extended. It has
been regarded as a subject of local concernment;
and so far from estimating it as a source of weak-
ness, all parties have heretofoie concurred in esti-
mating it as an essential element of strength.
My colleague objects that the complaints of the
southern people are indefinite, and their appre-
hensions extremely vague. Perhaps so: but the
question ought to be not how an account can be
settled between them and us, as between two
hucksterers; but whether, in a spirit of amity, of
generous earnestness, ay, sir, in a spirit of wis-
dom, we will now redress complaints which, al-
though indefinite, are not unfounded, and aoothe
