1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
amounts, 1 certainly shall be glad to see it; but I
have no idea that m any other mode or in any
other way will these companies he able to pay
back these sums to the Government. We must
remember that these roads will pass over barren
sections of the country, where there can never be
many inhabitants. They pass over sections of
the country in which it must cost a vast deal of
money to finish and construct the roads.
Sir, I repeat what I have before said, that in
voting for this bill and this appropriation of
$116,000,000, I vote with the conviction that this
sum of money is to go for the general interests of
the country, and that we never can expect it back
in the Treasury. If the interest on tnese bonds,
from the time the road commences, forever, can
be paid by the services the road renders the coun-
try, it is as much, certainly, as I can expect. I
vote for the road with that expectation and that
understanding. If these three roads could be com-
pleted within the next three or four years, I should
feci that they had added to the country hundreds
of millions of dollars, and added to its security and
its safety; and that §116,000,000 or (§120,000,000
for objects so great, and so much for the interests
of the country, would be the merest trifle in the
world to this nation. I have no doubt that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from North
Carolina is honestly moved for the best of pur-
poses; but I hope it will not be sustained by the
Senate, for I believe the inducements in the bill
in the aggregate, considering the whole of these
liens, are hardly sufficient now to inducc men to
put their capital into the roads and complete them,
and I would not take out this inducement.
Mr. BRAGG. I have but a word or two to
say., sir; I will not detain the Senate. I was fully
aware that the Senator fiom Massachusetts enter-
tained the opinion which he has just expressed,
that the Government of the United States never
would be reimbursed the amount which it was
proposed to cxpendrin the building of these roads,
while the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,]
who has this bill so much at heart, avowed the
other day a very different opinion, lie thought
the enterprise would be one that would remuner-
ate these companies, and be a paying one.
Mr. GWIN. But I said at the same time, that
if it never paid a dollar, but would take the sum
of ^100,000,000 to build it, I would vote for it,
because it ought to be built.
Mr. BllAGGr. I have no doubt of that. The
Senator would vote ten times that amount, or ten
times that, in order to carry through the bill.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is very much mis-
taken. I would not vote ten times that, if it would
not be for the benefit of the country.
Mr. BRAGG. There is not the least doubt
of it. The Senator has very enlarged views on
that subject, especially when anything concerns
California. We all know that here from expe-
rience.
Well, sir, various amendments have been put
upon this bill for the purpose of securing some
control on the part of the Government of the Uni-
ted States over these corpoiations. It has been
found a very difficult thing so to arrange the bill
as to keep what Senators consider a.salutary con-
trol on the partof this Government. I agree with
the Senator from Massachusetts; I do not believe
that the interest of this investment wijl ever be
paid by the service to be rendered; but itdoes not
necessarily follow, as the Senator says, that these
roads are to be sold out under the mortgage that
the United States is to take; that those mortgages
are to be foreclosed, and the roads put up in mar-
ket, and sold to the highest bidder, if they dp not
pay. But the effect of the amendment which I
propose will be, to give the United States a hen
upon the whole property, to be satisfied as other
hens are to be satisfied, according to the ordinary
laws of the land; not to be confined to the mere
amount which the Government may owe to these
corporations for transportation, but to be a mort-
gage and a lien on the whole work, to be put in
operation at any time, should the Government
find tt necessary to do it.
I do not know what may occur when those roads
are built. 1 think this amendment will be found
necessary-in the rnd, thoui* h, i t one or mot e of thena
is built. If this Government has not, and cannot
have, the control,even under the amendments now
to be put in the bill, then it ought to have. A
nK)rf°ago uniostrieted, in the way I have stated,
would puts bit in the mouth of these corpora-
tions, and the Government would be able to hold
them down to it. That is the reason I offer it—
not that I expect it would ever be foreclosed. I
do not believe it. If they arc works of great pub-
lic interest and great public benefit, I am very sure
the Government would never foreclose them, pro-
vided the parties having the control do theirduty
to theGovernmentandlo the public. ButI wish
to hold a rein upon them, and not to give up any
advantage of that kind to which the Government is
justly entitled. Hence it is that I move to strike
out the words as to reimbursing the Government
in this peculiar way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
North Carolina, in the twelfth line of the third
section of the hill, to strike out the words " by
services so rendered."
Mr. BRAGG. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment. There seems to be a very thin
Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Mcs'-rs. Brasrg, Clingnmn,Green,Hunter,Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Mason, Powell, and Thomson—9.
NAYS—Messrs. AnthOny, Baker, Bigier, Blight, Cam-
04011, Chandler, Clark, Cullanicr, Dixon, Doohttle. Frsseii-
den, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grime*, Gwin, Ilale, Ilarlan,
Hemphill, Johnson of Aikansas, Lane, Latham, Momll,
Nicholson, Polk, Kiee, SauMany, Scwaid, Simmons, Sum-
ner, TYn Cyck, \Vade,Wi2fall,Wilkinson,and Wil&on—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRAGG. I have one more amendment
to offer, and I will trouble the Senate no further.
I move to strike out the proviso at the end of the
fifth section, to this effoct:
Provided* That $2,030,000 in like liond-J shall be added to
tho gros^sum for e\ eiv year's i eduction of the time of com-
pleting the woik, payable as the bonds beioie named.
I suppose that that provision applies to both
the northern and the southern routes, as now
incorporated in the bill; for by a portion of sec-
tion fifteen, relating to the southern route, it is
" provided, that each and every provision, condi-
tion, limitation, and restriction therein before ap-
plied to or imposed on the company or corpora-
tion undertaking the construction of the railway
and telegraph lines, starting," as the first part of
the bill specifies, shall apply to this other line. I
suppose, ofeourse, it applies to the northern route,
as'inserted by the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota. I move to stiike out that proviso.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I move to strike from the bill
all that part of it that contains nppropi ialions by
the Federal Government to either of ibe roads;
and I do it, not from any idea that the motion will
prevail, but that H may remain upon reeoid to
show that, on the part of Vnginia, as one of her
representatives, I put it there as a memorial and
a protest against the State being responsible for
any portion of this new debt thus made. There
is a possibility—perhaps a probability—that the
time may occur, may be neaily at hand, whenjt
may be necessary for the .several States to ascer-
tain and take upon themselves a portion of the
public debt. This is a public debt now to be in-
curred; and I move to strike it out, in order that
at a future day the State that I represent, if the
occasion should occur, may not bo charged with
any portion of that debt.
Tin- PRESIDING OFFICER. Itismoved that
the lull be amended by striking out all that por-
tion which mnkes an appropuation out of the
Treasury for either of the roads.
Mr. MASON. The Secretary can indicate pre-
cisely the portions that will be stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I hope the bill will be
reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate concur in the amendmentsmade
as in Committee of the Whole?
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall concur in all the
amendments but those that Senators may except.
Senators can indicate such as they wish to be ex-
cepted, on which they want a separate vote; and
then the Senate can concur in all the rest. I sup-
pose there will be no objection to that course.
Mr. MASON. Perhaps it may be as well for
future use, as the final vote is about to be taken
in the S<n;Ue, that upon the amendment which I
just offered we should have the yeas and nays. 1
ask that the yeas and nays may be taken upon it.
Several Senators. The bill is now m the
Senate.
Mr. MASON. I understand the bill is now
reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concuningm tho amendments adopted
as in Committee of the Whole. The Senator
can renew the amendment as soon as the question
is taken on them.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator can renew his
amendment in amoment,afterthisquestionis dis-
posed of.
Mr. MASON. I ask that that amendment may
be excepted, so that wo may have the yeas and
nays on it in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment not having been adopted, the question will
not.be taken on it; but the Senator can move it
again, and may have the yeas and nays upon it,
if lie requests it.
Mr. GWIN. I hope there will be no objection
to taking the question on all the amendments that
are not excepted. Senators can except those on
which they wish to have a separate vote. I want
to except the amendment offered by the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Bragg] in line one
hundred and four, page 5. I desire to propose
an amendment to it, and therefore,.! cxccpt it.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the question be taken collectively on concur
ring m the amendments mad'o as in Committee of
the Whole, with the exception of those that Sen-
ators shall except, so that the vote may be taken
on them separately, and upon the others collect-
ively. That will be considered the sense of the
Senate, unless objected to. The Senator from
California indicates one that he wishes to be ex-
cepted.
Mr. GWIN. I will indicate another. It is on
page 9, commencing with line forty-seven. It is
tho amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr.Wilson,] that no second bonds
shall ever bo issued by the company.
Mr. SEW ARD. I wish you to except also the
amendment by which the third road was added.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will except flfcat also.
Mr. SEWAPiD. I had not an opportunity to
vote on it. •
Mi. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to have excepted
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Lane] for the building of a road from
Sacramento to Portland. I do not know the pre-
cise terms of the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. Now, I hope the question will
be taken on all the other amendments in the ag-
gregate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those excep-
tions will be noted by the Secretary.
Mr. LATHAM. Is the vote to be taken sep-
arately on the amendments excepted .'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote will
bo first taken on the amendments thatare notex-
cepted collectively, and then the vote will be taken
on each of the excepted amendments by itself.
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to except all the ad-
ditional names that have been put in the first sec-
tion of the bill; I want a separate vote on that
amendment. There are one hundicd and sixteen
names mentioned there as corporators; and I de-
sire the Senate to indicate whether that number
shall constitute the company, or whether they will
leave the company as it was originally in the bill
as sent to us from the House of Repiesentatives.
I want a separate vote on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment wiil also be excepted.
Mr. TRUMP,ULL. 1 desire to inquire whether
it will be in order, after we have passed upon the
amendments made as ill Committee ol the Whole,
to move to strike from the bill all but the central
route, so as to have a distinct vote upon that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it would.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to raise any ques-
tion; but 1 desire to suggest to the Presiding Of-
ficer, before he decides that, whether it will he in
order to strike out that which the Senate have
ordered to be inserted. Senators propose amend-
ments, and they are adopted in committee,.and
the Senate order them to be inserted m the bill.
Will it be in order to move, to strike them out
afterwards?
