32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Pugh*
Senate.
apprehensions which are all the more dangerous,
because they are inexpressible. I commend my
colteague to these words of a man who wrote as
elegantly as he thought profoundly:
" As for discontentments, they are in the politic body like
to liumors in the natural, which are apt to gather a preter-
natural heat, and ti> inflame; and let no prince measure the
danger of them by this, whether they be just or unjust, for
that were, to imagine people to be too leasouable, who do
often spurn at their own good; nor yet by this, whether the
griefs whereupon they rise be, in fact, great or small; for
they are the most dangerous discontentments, where the
fear is greater than the feeling; Dolcndi modus, Hmendinon
item,. Besides, in great oppressions, the same things that
provoke the patience do withal mate the courage; but in
tears it is not so. Neither let any prince or State be secure
concerning discontentments, because they have been often,
or have been long, and yet no peril hath ensued; for as it is
true that every vapor or fume doth not turn into a storm, so
it la nevertheless true that storms, though they blow over
divers times, yet may fall at last; and, as the Spanish prov-
erb noteth well, the cord breaketh at the last by the weakest
pull."—Bacon, Essay on Seditions and Troubles,
In this case, also, the people of the slavehold-
ing States are under greater apprehension for the
future than resentment for the past. I ask you
of the Republican party, therefore, to express,
by some constitutional amendment, what you are
now so profuse in declaring by speeches. You
must do that; nothing else can be effectual or give
any satisfaction. Do not flatter yourselyes be-
cause there have been controversies respecting
slavery in time past, and these have been safely
settled. We are now at the end of such contro-
versies, one way or another. Mr. Lincoln's elec-
tion may be no substantial grievance; but remem-
ber the Spanish proverb, and beware lest that
prove " the weakest pull" by which, at last, the
silver cord of our Union is broken forever.
Senators, I do not wish to offend you, but I
assure you that a vast responsibility is upon your
shoulders, and you cannot escape it. Why should
you not join the rest of us in "some reasonable
plan of adjustment and conciliation? You have
the power this day to save or to destroy the Gov-
ernment. You represent a victorious party, and
can afford to be generous. All other political or-
ganizations have been shivered to fragments within
the last twelve months; and to that, more than to
any other cause, your success is due. You are
about to bccome the Administration party, and
may, if you act wisely, continue in power for a
long time. But you cannot continue as you have
commenced.
The subject of slavery must cease to be a sub-
ject of partisan dispute. It involves questions
too dangerous to be longer agitated. If we do
not settle this controversy now, and upon a fair
basis, it will find a solution of its own, and at our
expense.
Mr. WADE. Wo are to be on bail for good
behavior, I suppose?
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, what is the objection
to your giving such bail ? It cannot be forfeited
while your good behavior continues.
Mr. WADE. ^JNot till you break the peace.
Mr. PUGH. The peace has been broken al-
ready , and you must aid us in restoring it. If you
intend to behave well for the next four years,
you can have no reasonable objection to giving
bail; if you do not, there is all the mor« necessity
for it. Here is a controversy comparable to none
other._ If your party had no mission except to
wage it for six or seven years past, your party
is now dead. You have gained a victory; but,
by the very necessities of the case, that victory
must be the last. You cannot proceed another
step in that direction; whereas, by disposing of
the controversy at once, and before Mr. Lincoln's
term, you will have an opportunity for initiating
other and more profitable issues. The advantage
of a party in administration, is that it can choose
the best side of every new question; the opposi-
tion must take the other side, or decline any con-
test. You have it in your power, Senators, thus
to fount! a great political party; but if you adhere
to the policy which my colleague announced,-there
will be nothing left of all your strength m two
years.
Consider, also, the imminency of this crisis.
The telegraph may report, in five minutes, that
one State has abandoned our Confederacy: aban-
doned it, at all events, as far as she can. Five
other States, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Louisiana, are soon to choose delegates
and assemble conventions in order to follow in
the path by which South Carolina has gone.
Arkansas and Texas, I doubt not, will join them.
The Legislature of North Carolina is now in ses-
sion, and has taken measures to arm and equip
the militia of that State for immediate service.
The Legislatures of Virginia and Tennessee have
been summoned by the Governors of those States,
and will be in session very soon. Is it not your
duty, as men upon whom the responsibility of
administration will be devolved in less than three
months, to avoid now, by conciliation, what you
may not be able to avoid hereafter, even by draw-
ing the sword ? It would be a crown of honor to
any man, for all his lifetime, that he had relieved
such earnest apprehension, and given peace to so
many thousands.
My colleague declares, however, that the day
of compromise is past. Then, sir, the day of
Union is past; for the Union was founded upon
compromise, and cannot be maintained without
compromise. The most essential provisions of
the Constitution are compromises; the Govern-
ment itself, in all its shape and proportions, is a
vast compromise. One of the noblest legacies
bequeathed to us, by the Father of his Country,
is the letter with which he communicated the
Constitution of the United States to the old Con-
gress of the Confederation; and from that let us
ascertain the principles upon which the Constitu-
tion was inaugurated:
In Convention, September 17,1787.
Sir: We have now the honor to submit to the consid-
eration of the United States in Congress assembled that
Cwustitution has appeared to us the most advisable.
The friends of our country have long seen and desired,
that the power of making war, peace, and treaties; that
ot levying money and regulating commerce ; and the cor-
respondent executive and judicial authorities, should be
fully and effectually vested in the General Government of
the Union 5 but the Impropriety of delegating j>uch exten-
sive trusts to one body of men, is evident. Hence result9
the necessity of a different oigamzatton.
It is obviously impracticable, in the Federal Government
ot the o States, to secure all rights of independent sover-
eignty to each, and yet provide for the interest and safety
ot all. Individuals entuung into society inu'-t give up a
share of liberty to preserve the lest. The magnitude of the
sacrifice mu*t depend as well on situation and circum-
stances, as on the object to be obtained. It is at all tunes
dinieulttodraw with pieciMOn the line between those lights
which must bo surrendered, and those which maybe re-
seived; and on the present occasion this difficulty was
increased by a difference among the several States as to
their situation, extent, habits, and particular interests.
In all our deliberations on this subject, we kept steadily
in our view that which appears to us the greatest interest
ol every tiue Ameiiean,the eoi^olidatiwn of our Union, m
which is involved our prosperity, tehcity, safety, peihaps,
our national existence. This important consideration, .se-
riously and deeply impressed on our minds, ied each State
m the convention to be lew* rigid on points ot inferior mag-
nitude than might have been otherwise expected; and thus
the Constitution which we now present, is the result of a
spii it 01 amity and ot that mutual deference and concession
which the peculiarity of our political situation rendered
indispensable.
That it will meet the full and entire approbation of every
State, is not, perhnp>, to be expected ; but each will doubt
less consider that, had her interest been alone consulted
theeonsequences might have been partieulaily disagreeable
or injurious toothers. That ii is liable to as tew exceptions
as could reasonably have been expected, we hope and be-
lieve ; that it may promote the lasting welfaie oi that coun-
try •-o dear to us all, and secure her freedom and happiness,
is our most ardent wish.
With great respect, we have the honor to be, sir, your
Eafceilency's most obedient and humble servants.
♦ . GEORGE WASHINGTON,
President, (hy unemtjnous order of the Convention.)
His Excellency, the PrtrsiDEvr of Congress.
Those gentlemen upon both sides who declare
that the day of compromise is past, avow senti-
mentsclcarly unconstitutional; foritwas by means
of compiomisc and conciliation, regard being had
to all the States, and to their different habits, in-
terests, and situation, that the Constitution was
formed; and in that spirit,at all times,should the
legislation of Congress proceed.
But my colleague complains of the weakness of
past compromises; and the Senator from New
Hampshire, taking up the piteous tale, wished to
know whether, in case the proposition of my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky should be adopted,
it would be more or less sacred than the act of)
Congress by which the Missouri compromise
line was first established. Mr.President, I will not
engage in crimination on this subject; but,grant-
ing the truth of all that my colleague and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire M&ve said, now an-
swer: Let us revive the Missouri compromise in all
its principle and effect; let us put it into the Consti-
tution of the United States; and let us declare that
it shall be unalterable, except by the consent of all the
Stalks. We shall thus avoid the weakness of
which my colleague complains, and restore to the
Senator from New Efampshire the lost one for
whom he has mourned.
But my colleague says that he "will not amend
the Constitution of the United States, because it
is quite good enough for him. I doubt not; it is
good enough for me also, or any one else. But,
sir, there is a vast difference between Altering the
principles of our Constitution and merely supply-
ing such omissions as time and actual experience
have disclosed. That is necessary, oftentimes,
in order that the principles may be preserved, or,
at least, be carried into full effect. The whole
subject of territorial government is extra-consti-
tutional. It was not foreseen, in 1787, that our
domains would extend from the Atlantic to the
Pacific ocean; and, therefore, no provision was
made respecting the government of Territories or
colonies.
In regard to the redelivery of fugitive slaves,
the fault is not in Congress, nor anywhere in the
Federal Government; if is that some of the States
have aggressed upon the terms of compact as well
as upon the rights of their confederates. The
Constitution lacks a power of self-vindication in
that particular.
It appears to me that the proposition of my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky ought to beaccepted at
once, by both sections,by all parties, and even frag-
ments of parties. The northern States, for which
the Republican party claims to speak, desire Ter-
ritories suitable to free labor, and from which
slavery is excluded. The proposition complies
with that demand. The southern States desire
colonies also, and that property in slaves shall be
rendered secure while the territorial organization
continues. Both demands are granted by the
proposition. In addition, the two forms of colo-
nization are so separated that there never can be
any conflict between them. 1 hope that the Senator
from Kentucky will express his proposition in
such words that it will execute its own pur-
pose, and exclude all legislation by Congress, one
way or another. I never wish to near of the sub-
ject again in these halls.
My honorable friend from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] will thus obtain the principle of non-inter-
vention by Congress with slavery in the Terri-
tories. The whole question will be taken hence;
and, at last, after more than forty years of trib-
ulation, of unseemly quarrels and wrangles, in
this House and in the other, we may hope for
eternal peace. I obtain " squatter sovereignty"
also by the_ proposition; although that, I "hope,
will not prejudice the Senator from Texas [Mr
wigfall]againstit. The Territorial Legislatures
of Nebraska and Kansas, upon the one side, and
of New Mexico, including Arizona, upon the
other, have provided, by their enactments, pre-
cisely what is here declared. Thus, all ought to
be satisfied, and an end of controversy made.
The adjustment will not be disturbed in our time,
and probably never.
My colleague thinks it would be dishonorable
in Mr. Lincoln's friends to accept terms of com-
promise before his assumption of the presidential
chair. I think not. The question is not so much
whether a compromise shall be made before or
after Mr. Lincoln's inauguration, as whether, at
this session of Congress, in view of so much agi-
tation and alarm throughout the country; in view
of a long recess from the 4th of March until the
first Monday of December next; in view of the
fact, also, that this compromise, if it should be
adopted here, will require ratification by the Legis-
latures, or by conventions of the several States,
we will now commence the good work of concili-
ation and peace. Mr. Jefferson did not think him-
self dishonored because his own election, in 180U,
disclosed a defect in the Constitution. On the
contrary, at once, a d with his approbation, meas-
uies were taken to amend it.
1 shudder, Mr. President and Senators, at the
evil times on which we have fallen. To-day, as
I said, or, at furthest, to-morrow, the State of
South Carolina will separate from our Union, so
far as she has any power of separation. Five,
and probably seven, other States will follow her
