1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
Mr. BAKER. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from California will be adopted. I have
examined it carefully, and it is just as he says.
As the amendment stands now in the bill, any
delay on the part of Congress, at its next session,
would entirely defeat the road. This amendment
merely changes what a lawyer would call the bur-
den of proof. It requires Congress to dissent
from the act of incorporation in a certain time, or
else the road goes on.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. If these people cannot come here
with such acts of incorporation as will be approved
by Congress, they ought not to have the road, or
to have the money.
Mr. BIlACfG. I aslc for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDliN and others. What is the
question ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California to the amendment which was
adopted in Committee of the Whole. The^mend-
ment which was adopted in Committee of the
Whole was to add to the proviso, at the end of
the first section of the bill, " nor until said acts
of incorporation shall have been submitted to, and
approved by, the Congress of the United States."
The Senator from California proposes so to amend
it as to make it read, " nor if said acts of incor-
poration shall be disapproved by the Congress of
the United States at its ensuing- session." The
question is on the amendment to the amendment,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I have paired off" with the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler.]
The question being Liken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Bakri, Cameron, Dotiala^. Pitch, Foot,
Foster, Gvvtn, Hemphill, Johnson ot' A'katwt-,
Litno, Latham, Nicholson, Powell, lliee, riebjftian, Sew-
ard, aiu! Wilkinson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayanl, Brags, Bright, Chan-
dler, Clark, Ciingman,Collat er, Dixon, Doohttie, Dutkee,
Fessenden, Green, King, Morrill, Polk, Pugh, Saulsbury,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek,Thomson, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected ;and the question recurring upon the amend-
ment made as m Committee of the Whole, it was
concurred in.
The question was next stated to be on concur-
ring in the amendment made in the fourth section,
by inserting after " United States," in the forty-
seventh line, the words:
And no mortgage, or construction bonds, shall ever be
issued by &aiil company on &aid road, or mortgage or lien
made in any way except to the United States.
Mr. GWIN. I do not want to occupy the time
of the Senate, but I look on this as a matter of
vital consequence. A vast amount of money will
have to be raised by the subscribers. The first
mortgage will secure the United States. The
Government is to have the first lien on the road,
which is a sufficient guarantee to the United States
for the payment of the indebtedness of the com-
pany to them, if it shall ever be able to pay any
debt at all. Then the amendment offered this
morning by the Senator from New Hampshire,
giving the control to the Congress of the United
States, and giving them a supervision over this
work, if there is any abuse in it, it seems to me
answers the purpose which the Senator from
Massachusetts had when he offered this amend-
ment. I am afraid this would so cripple the work
on both routes, that it might prevent anything
effective in building either of the roads, dnd there-
fore I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. If moneyed men see fit to
take second mortgage bonds of this company, I
see no reason why we should undertake to inter-
fere between the company and those who are will-
in0, to advance money to carry on the road. It
looks to ns" like a needless interference with the
progress of the work, and I hope the amendment
will not he adopted.
Mr. WILbON. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate, but I think we had better stand
by the vote adopting this amendment, and adhere
to t'ii? policy, for the reason that if it stands in
the bill it will induce men to go into the measure,
and men only who are willing to put theirmoney
ii.to it. 1 think it will tend to secure the construc-
tion of the road. If we do not do it we shall fol-
low the example set in other parts of the country
heretofore, and we shall have a set of speculators
and stock-gamblers brought into the road, and
they will not put their money in it; they will come
in to make money out of it, to make a job of it,
to cheat the honest men who put their money in
the road, as has been done heretofore, and mort-
gage the road, and before we get through, the
whole thing will be thrown on our hands.
Thatismy deliberate judgment; and the history
of railroad building: in this country for twenty
years Sustains me in this policy. This tends to
honesty; the other, I believe, will invite dishonest
men into the road—stock-gamblers, a class of men
that I do not wish to see in it in any way what-
ever. I want to oiler inducements to bring into
this road men of talent, men of character, men
who are willing to invest something in it. I be-
lieve the good of the country requires it; and I
say here to-day, that if this amendment be stricken
out, the time will come when we shall wish, and
the country will wish, we had kept this check
upon it. That is my judgment.
Mr. CHANDLER] It is men of capital who
build railroads anywhere and everywhere. If
those men of capital, after having placcd, as they
supposed, the requisite amount in the road to com-
plete it, discover that it takes a million, or two mil-
lion,or three million dollars more, and other men
stand ready to take their bonds, and they have
advanced all they are willing to advance for the
completion of the road, why should wo prohibit
them from raising money in that way? I ap-
preciate the argument of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, for I am a sufferer in that way myself.
I have sacrificed stock and bonds; but the roads
have been built, and I have been benefited in the
building of the roads. I want this road built,
and whether it be built on stock or not is imma-
terial to me, so that the road itself be built, and
I believe the only way to insure its completion,
is to enable the stockholders to raise money in any
legitimate way they can. I do not believe that
you can get the enormous amount of stock sub-
scribed by bona fide men of capital which it will
take to complete this road; but I do believe that
these men of capita), after having subscribed all
they are willing to subscribe, will be enabled to
raise.money upon bonds that moneyed men con-
sider to be good securities. I think the insertion
of this amendment will be a fatal clause in the
bill.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes twenty-five.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FITCH. It is so manifest to me that the
adoption of this amendment will defeat the object
of the bill, and effectually prevent the construc-
tion of the road or roads, that if the amendment
be adopted, I shall feel constrained to vote against
the bill in all its phases. If the stockholders are
willing, after subscribing and paying to the ex-
tent of their ability, to mortgage their own credit,
(and the amount they have subscribed is the basis
of the loan ) it is their loss, and they incur the
loss with their eyes open. If you prohibit them
fiom borrowing after expending all their own
means, the road falls, necessarily falls, and the
very object of the bill will be clearly defeated by
the passage of the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to state this point
to the Senator from Indiana: jf the managers of
this road arc allowed to mortgage the road, they
can do so, and the original stockholders will be
cheated altogether. Has not this been the experi-
ence of the country ? The result has been that the
honest port ion of the community that in vested their
means to build railroads, have lost their money,
lost their stock, lost their bonds; and the mana-
gers and jobbers and speculators have lost their
character, but a great many of them have made
money out of it. If I had millions of dollars, I
would not take a dollar m this road, if the man-
agers of it could mortgage it away, for I would
know that I shojuld lose" eveiy dollar of it; and I
tell you they will lose every dollar if the man-
agers have this power. We offer great induce-
ments to go into this road. We give to the cen-
tral road $60,000,000 and a large quantity of land;
and now, if the moneyed men, and the people of
this country, cannot contribute the balance that
is necessary, I am willing to vote more; but, for
God's sake, do not let us make this concern a cor-
rupt jobbing concern; do not let men without
character and without money take control of it,
in the hope of making some money out of the
United States and out of these lands, putting no
money in themselves, but cheating the honest
man who is induced to contribute to build the
road from high considerations.
Mr. FITCH. The mortgage can in no way
affect the interest of the United States—that is
very certain—except it may be the means of mora
quickly completing the road; and therefore may
affect the interest of theUnitedStates beneficially,
not prejudicially. The stockholders, under an
amendment to the bill adopted at the suggestion
of one of the Senators from Louisiana, can, if they
will, have control of the road; for any man, citi-
zen or foreigner, can subscribe to this stock, ?nd
make himself a party in the directory of the road.
If, then, after having subscribed and expended
their own means to the extent either of their abil-
ity or their willingness, they consent, through
their representatives in the board of directory, to
mortgage what they have expended, and procure
money for the completion of the road, it is their
lookout, not ours. It only expedites and secures
the completion of the rdad, instead of retarding
it. If they are cheated, they are cheated by their
own agents; and the prospect that they may be
cheated will probably induce them to be extremely
cautious in the selection of a board of directors.
But to prohibit that mode of using the capital
which those men may subscribe, is to prohibit
them from making the stock valuable to the very
men who themselves have taken it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not believe there has
been a railroad built in the United States ten miles
in length without the issue of bonds. I never
heard of one. Certainly there has not been one
built of fifty miles in length without issuing bonds.
The projectors of a railroad obtain subscriptions
to an amount sufficient, as they suppose, to com-
plete the road; but when they come to construct
it, they encounter a granite hill or, as in my own
State, an almost bottomless lake. The expense
of building the road is, thereby, enormously in-
creased, unexpectedly increased. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts suppo.se that when they
have come to an obstacle of that kind, they are to
obtain a new subscription to complete the road ?
They never can do it. Up to that point their road
is useless; while if they can complete it through,
it is valuable. By the issuing of bonds or evi-
dences of debt, they can raise money to complete
the road. It may costmore; itmay sink the cap-
ital of the original subscribers to the stock; but it
was sunk any way if the road stopped there, and
it is not worth a farthing on the dollar if you stop
it half way. Then, if you raise money, I care not
if it be at a usurious rate of interest, to carry the
road through, something may be made, whereas
nothing will be made if you stop there. That is
precisely the case here. You propose to build a
railroad across the Rocky Mountains, but do you
know ho w much money it will take to carry the road
through thosegulches? Youknownothingaboutit.
After you get subscriptions sufficient, as you sup-
pose, to complete the road, you get up into one of
the passes of the mountains, and you find that
you lack §3,000,000, (the Senator from Massachu-
setts says you shall not borrow this $2,000,000;)
who will come in and supply the money, unless
you can borrow it? Your security isample. You
have already invested, as you suppose, money
enough to build the road. It will not do it. You
offer bonds that are satisfactory to moneyed men;
your stockholders have exhausted themselves;
they have paid up all their stock; they liave in-
vested all the money they are willing to invest;
and now they come forward with securities that are
perfectly satisfactory to moneyed men, to carry
the road through the pass; and the Senator from
Massachusetts says it shall not be done. Sir,
this proposition is an absurdity upon its face.
No railroad ever was built or, in my judgment,
ever will be completed, without the power of bor-
rowing money.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that, in just such a case as
he puts, they can apply to Congress to getliberty
to borrow. Let them put their money in and
give some security, before you authorize them to
hire money. It is for the very purpose of pre-
venting stock-jobbing that this amendment ought
