34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
about what should betherelations of the States to the Gen-
eral Government. They were entirely equal under the Con-
federation. Many of the lesser States struggled to return
their equality, but finally they yielded it in one branch of
the Rational Legislature, and maintained it in the othei.
That was the result of the struggle. They agreed thatnum-
liers^ t|>at population throughout the United States, should
govem.in one branch of Congress, but that the other branch
should represent the sovereignty of the States. I am quite
sure my.friend from Ohio, [Mr. Wa.de,] who has very fairly
argued this question on his side, cannot place a higher esti-
mate-^ is,impossible for any man to place a higher estimate
—on the importance of the absolute sovereignty of the States
ofthi  Union than I do. I have maintained it throughout
my political life, in good fortune and in evil fortune, that
the? were sovereign; that they were judges of the infrac-
tion of the compact, and of the mode and mca&ute of ie-
dress j and I take it that he would be ton afraid of the term
{nullifier,' to eitend his devotion to the soveieignty of the
States as far as Fclaim that my own goes.
" Mr. Wade. I am as cjood a milhficr as you are.
"Mr. Toombs. I am glad to hear it. it is good doc-
trine. I think it is a good sign to hear the Senatoi make
that declaration, especially after our troubles for the last
eight or ten yeaia. X liavo seen the time vvh^n I could not
find a man in either branch of Congress to admit that he
was one.
"Mr. Wade. 1 was not here then.''—Congressional
Globe, fust seysion Thirty-Fifth Congress, part ttiiee, pajje
2943.
Mr. President, my colleague employed the
phrase "make war,"m speaking of a controversy
which might arise between the State of South
Carolina and the Federal Government. If it bo
a cause of war, as my colleague supposed, why
not war according to the usage of civilized na-
tions ? They do not, as my colleague proposed,
hang the prisoners. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr, TfummiLL] inquired this morning for a def-
inition of rebellion. Was not George Washing-
ton a rebel? And yet, sir, when the British com-
mander threatened to treat American prisoners,
taken in battle, as my colleague threatens to treat
our Carolina prisoners,*f we should have any,
Genera] Washington gave notice of retaliation at
once. That ended the affair on both sides.
It is of no veal importance, I repeal, whether
wo commence, or South Carolina commences. It
will be a case of actual war in either event. The
questions we have to decide, consequently, are
those which I piopounded: shall we acquiesce
in the peaceful separation of six States from the
rest, or shall wc engage in a war of which we
cannot see the end; or shall we now address our-
selves to the noble and higher duty of attempt-
ing measures of conciliation, reconstructing and
laying more deeply, more firmly than ever, the
foundations of the Union as at present constituted,
redressing all complaints, silencing every dis-
content, and doing this, not as partisans, but (if
there be no better motive) by an instinct of self-
preservation, and an earnest desire to perpetuate
the Government which has been so valuable to us,
the best Government which the heart of man could
crave? It is no time, sir,, m the very crisis of our
national existence, to stand upon the question,
who should propose, orwho should accept terms
of conciliation.
My colleague seems to imagine it the duty of
the President, under his oath of office, to precipi-
tate our whole country into civil war. lie said
that the President had sworn not to know that
any State had scceded, or attempted to secede.
Well, sir, I should like to be informed where-
abouts an affidavit of such ignorance has been re-
corded. I am not advised of any thing like it.
The President is under obligation, assuredly, to
execute the laws of the land; but can we not sus-
Gend the execution of any law upon the statuto-
ook? Can we not suspend it for a week, or a
month, or six months, or six years, if the attempt
to execute it, by force of arms, will provoke in-
terminable war? In this regard,also, I commend
the counsels of John Gluincy Adams. lie did not
imagine, while he occupied the presidential chair,
that he was under any obligation to provoke, or
to accept, such dire extremity. He did not be-
lieve that the Constitution of the United States
bound him, inevitably, to precipitate the counuy
into civil war. On the contraiy, in his special
message of February 5, 1827, Mr. Adams said:
" In abstaining, at this stage of the proceedings, ftom the
application of any mihtaiy force, T have been governed by
considerations which will", I trust, meet the concurrence
of the Legislature. Among them, one of paramount 1m port-
anee has been that these surveys have been attempted and
partly effected under color of legal authority from the Stale
of Georgia; that the surveyors are, therefore, not to be
viewed m the light of individual and solitary transgressors,
but as the agent* of a sovereign State, acting in obedience
to authority which they believed to be binding upon them.
Intimations had been given that, should they meet with
interruption, they would, at ail hazards, be sustained by
the military force of the State; in which event, if the mil-
itary force of the Union should have been employed to en-
force its violated law, a conflict must have ensued, which
would, in itself, have inflicted a wound upon the. Union,
and have presented the aspect of one of these confedeiated
States at war with the rest. Anxious, above ah, to avert
this state of things, yet at the same time impressed with
the deepest conviction of my own duty to take care that
the laws &hall be executed, and the faith of the nation pie-
served, I have used of the means intrusted to the Execu-
tive for that purpose only those which, without resorting
to military torce, may vindicate the sanctity of the law by
the oidmary agency of the judicial tribunals."
And yet, sir, that was a case in which the Gov-
ernment was striving to maintain the plighted
faith of a treaty, as against infraction by one of
the States, When my colleague, or the Senator
from Tennessee, assumes, therefore, to treat the
act of persons bearing the commission of South
Carolina as if it were only the act of individuals,
I en treat them to consider the pertinent suggestions
of Mr. Adams in a similar case. Such acts can-
not be viewed as the acts of individual and soli-
tary transgressors, but as the acts of persons
obeying the mandates of a sovereignty, and to an
extent (which they believe, at least) it is binding
upon them.
It will end in war; begin as it may, it will end
in war. This idea of my colleague, that the Con-
stitution of the United States, ex proprio vigore,
compels the Executive, and even compels Con-
gress, to engage in hostilities with a part of our
own people; it is amazing to me, and utterly re-
volting. Why, sir, we have absolute discretion
whether to declare war or to maintain peace in
regard to foreign nations. If our citizens are
abused, if our territory is invaded, or even pos-
sessed, by hostile array, we, the Congress of the
United States, consisting of a Senate and a House
of Representatives, may, if we deem it essential
to our own interests, decline to authorize hostili-
ties. Does any one deny that ? Why, then, are
we told that wc have not as much liberty in de-
ciding questions of war and peace with our fellow-
ritizens m South Carolina, as in deciding such
questions with foreign nations—a war, too, iq,
which, if my colleague be right, the unfortunate
captives aie not.to be treated as wc treat prison-
ers of another nation, but are to be executed in
the most ignominious manner? Mr. President,
1 have not words to express my abhorrence of
sueh a conclusion.
It is the lesson of history, that whenever a man
would commit some atrocity without being re-
sponsible to his own conscience, he styles it doing
God service. Persecutors, in all time, have burned
or slain the body of theirvictiminorder,as they al-
leged, to save his soul. What no Senator would do,
upon his own responsibility, or from his own in-
clination—draw the sword upon a whole commu-
nity of our people, scatter desolation and carnage
throughout a State which, be her conduct ever so
unjustifiable, has, at least, some cause of com-
plaint—must it occur as if by the inexorable laws
of fate? Where, in our senatorial oath, can such
an obligation be distinguished? No, sir; wc cannot
avoid the responsibility of such calamities, if they
should occur, by charging it upon the Constitu-
tion of the United States, or upon our oath of
office. We will be responsible for bloodshed, for
civil war, for anarchy, if wc do not avoid them.
We can avoid them; but our responsibility we
cannot avoid—responsibility to God andourcoun-
try. and to all the civilized world.
My colleague thinks it of no consequence
whether the mails be or be not carried in South
Carolina; the people need not have them, he says,
if they do not wish them. Nor does ho consider
it of^iny consequence whether the district and
circuit courts of the United States are open or
closed in that State from this time forth. But,
J sir, the people of all the States are interested in
i the carriage of the mails through South Carolina,
| and the receipt and delivery ol letters within it.
j And so with regard to the administration ofjus-
! tice. It is of more importance to the citizens of
j other States than to the citizens of South Carolina
| that the courts of the Federal Government should
i be kept open; because a citizen of South Carolina
' cannot bo plaintiff m those courts except in a few
i cases.
We must decide the whole proposition one way
or another. Shall we employ soldiers to carry
the mail and deliver letters within the limits of
South Carolina? Shall we appoint as judges the
citizens of another State; and shall we surround
them, while sitting upon the bench, with Federal
bayonets? This will cost money, at least, and
a great deal of it. We must burden and tax our
own constituents, therefore, to meet an expendi-
ture so enormous. Why should we impoverish
ourselves in order to enforce our laws against an
unwilling people; and that, too, when we might
win them back with no loss of money, and only
an expenditure of kindness?
My colleague's idea seems to be that, because
an act of Congress for collectirj^ duties at Charles-
ton may not be executed for two or three months,
or even for a longer time, it behooves us to em-
ploy arms, and engage in war. Granted that
South Carolina will violate the Constitution of
the United States: must we, for that reason, and
without any regard to consequences, draw the
sword? The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Clark] seems afraid that the " public property5'
in Fort Moultrie and Fort Sumter is not safe, and
wishes the President to inform us immediately
how many soldiers are in garrison at each; whether
they are able to defend themselves against an at-
tack; what arms and ammunition they have; and,
above all, what orders, secret or otherwise, have
been transmitted to them. He could not even see
the force of what was so well suggested by the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] in re-
sponse,namely: thatif anyattackbeapprehended,
the worst thing wc could do, possibly, would be
to inform the assailants, through the newspapers',
of the number of each garrison; the commands
under which it must act; what is the armament
of the fortresses, or their capacity to bo defended.
I apprehend no attack at present, unless addi-
tional troops be ordered thither; and, rather than
do that, as an act of mercy to the officers and sol-
diers now stationed at Charleston, I would have
them withdrawn. God forbid that the glories of
Fort Moultrie, won from the British lleet and
army in 1776, should ever be washed away in the
blood of our own soldiers and citizens ! We are
magnanimous enough, I hope, if we must have
war with South Carolina, not to point the guns
of any fortress erected for the defense of Charles-
ton harbor against foreign enemies, into the streets
of the city before which they stand.
As to this idea that we must vindicate the Con-
stitution of the United States by force of arms,
upon all occasions and without alternative, when
wc know that civil war will inevitably ensue, I
deny it. Why, sir, let us examine the Constitu-
tion by that rule. Here, for example, is the tenth
section of the first articic: "«A"o State shall enter
into any treaty, alliance, or confederationSup-
pose a State should do so: it would be a palpable
bieach of duty on her part; but would any Con-
gress of the United States declare war against
her ? 0?* grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin
money." That is a vital power; it is delegated to
Congress in terms by another clause, and here,
as we observe, it is expressly forbidden to the
States. I believe that some of the States have
coined money nevertheless, and one of them may
attempt it, for aught wc can do, to-morrow. You
would not attack any State government; so my
colleague said. What then? Will you send our
Army to tear down the mint; and, in case an
officer of the State resists, will you prosecute him
for treason? Emit bills of credit." Several States
have emitted them; but no punishment was ever
proposed. u Make anything but gold and silver coin
a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill oj at-
tainder, ex post facto la\o> or law impairing the obli-
gation of contracts; or grant any title of nobility."
Suppose that South Carolina should grant a title
of nobility to some man—I understood the Sena-
tor from Tennessee to be apprehensive yesterday
on that point: will you disperse the Legislature
by force of arms, or only enact a law requiring
the man to renounce his title, or suffer the penalty
of treason? You would not, I fancy, do any of
these things. Subsequently, in the same section,
1 read:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any duty of tonnage *, keep troops or ships ot war in time
of peace; cntei into any agreement or compact with
