618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
to be put in. If there is enough money subscribed
to complete the road to the Rocky Mountains,
and they met with an unexpected obstacle, cannot
they apply to Congress saying, " We have now
spent$50,000,000,and cannotget through; author-
ize us to borrow $25,000,000," and Congress
would do it in a minute; but by holding out the
idea that they are going to start on paper, and
nothing but paper, except with what we give them,
you spoil the measure at once, and you cannot
get a road at all.
Mv. FESSENDEN. I move tlmt the Senate
do now adjourn. {"Oh,no!"] It is nearly half
past four o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
yeas and nays. ["Oh,no!"] Let us see who
votes to kill the bill after all this fuss.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Brajrg, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Cliwrman, Crittenden, Dixon. Duikee,
Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Gilines. Hunter, King, Mason,
JloinJI, Nieholfon, Push, Sanl.-biuy, Simmons, Simmer,
Thomson, Wade, and YVilkiii'-on—26.
>vAYS—MessJM. Anthony, Baker, Bright, Doolittle,
Douglas, Foster, Green,Gwin,Ilailan, Ilcinphlli, Johnson
«f Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Folk,
Powell, Rice, Sebaoiian, Sewnrd, Ton Eyck, Tiumbull,
Wigfall, and Wilson—'2li.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE 01? REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 29, 18G1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Uov. J. G. Butler.
"The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAIvER, from the Committee on En-
roiled Bills, reported as duly enrolled the follow-
ing bills; when the speaker signed the sam^:
An act (II. R. No. 377) for the relief of David
C. Whiting;
An act (II. K. No. 321) for the relief of Robert
A. Mathews; and
An act (11. R. No. 23) for the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union.
PATENT OFFICE R1SPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the act-
ing Commissioner of Patents, transmitting, agree-
ably to the design of Congress, as indicated by
the appropriation of June 25, 18G0, " for the col-
lection of agricultural statistics, investigations
for promoting agriculture and rural economy,
and the procuring of cuttings and seeds "—the
agricultural poitiou of the Patent OlH.ce report-,
which was laid upon the table, and ordered (o be
prin tod.
On motion of Mr. GURLRY, it was
Ordaed, That U be referied to the Committee on Print
in?, to iiiqiuie into the expediency ol punting extra num-
ber* of >aid icpoit.
NEW JEKtfEY 3iEVOLUTIONS.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask leave to present to the
House the joint lesolutions adopted recently by
the Legislature of New Jersey. I ask that they
be read, laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. COL ['AX. I ha\c no objection to the re-
ception of the resolutions; but if the gentleman
insists upon their being read, I must call for the-
regular order of business.
jVJr. ADRAIN. It is but showing proper re-
spect to the Legislature of New Jersey, that the
resolutions be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe that it has been
the uniform custom, whenever the resolutions of
a State Legislature have been presented, to re-
ceive them as a privileged question, and to have
them lead, as u matter of course,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that an
official copy of the resolutions, certified by the
proper officers of the Legislature?
Air. ADRAIN. The resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of Pennsylvania were read yes-
terday, and I can sec no reason why these should
not be read,
Mr. SIIKRMAN. Those resolutions are cut j
from a newspaper and sent up to the Speaker. !
Theyought not to be presented in that way. They
should come propnly authenticated.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
reading the resolutions ?
No objection being made, the resolutions were
read. They are as follows:
Joint Resolutions on the state of the Union, pasted by the
Legislature of New Jersey.
Whereas the people of New Jersey, conforming to the
opinion of" the Father of his Country," consider the unity
or the Government, which constitutes tiie people of the
United States one people, a main pillar in the edifice of
their independence, the support of their trnnqu illity at home
and peace abroad, of their prospontv, and of that liberty
which they so highly prize ; and properly estimating the
immense value of their national Union to their individual
happiness, they cherish a cotdial, habitual, and immova-
ble attachment to it a^ the palladium ol then golnical
safety and prosperity: Therefore,
1. Be it resolved by the Senate and General Assembly of
the State of New Jersey, That it is the duty ot every goo'd
citizen, m all suitable <ind ptoper \va>s,to stand by and bus-
tain the Union of the States as tian&mitted to us by our
fathern.
2. And be it resolved, Thatthe Governmentof the United
Stare? ic a National Government, and the union it was
designed to pcjlect is not a meie compact oi league; and
that the Constitution was adopted m a spirit ot mutual
compromise and conce-ssion by the people of tlic United
Htates, and can only be pie&eived by the con-taut recogni-
tion of that spun.
'3. Ami be it) csolved, That howvei undoubted may be
tlie rifht of the G< ueral Government to maintain its au-
thority and enforce it^ laws ovci all paits of ilie country,
it iequally eeitain that foibearance and compromise aie
indispensable at thid eusb to the perpotiuty oi the Union ;
and that it is the dictate of reason, wisdom, and patuoltj-m,
peacefully to adjust whatever differences exist b< tween the
different feoetiona of om country.
4. And be it resolved, That the resolution^ and proposi-
tions submitted to the Senate of the United States by Hon.
John-J. Okittcndkn, of Kentucky, (orthe compromise of
the questions m dispute between the people ot thenoi thorn
and of the southern States, or any other constitutional
method of settling the slave question permanently , will he
acceptable to the people of the State of New Jei.-ey, and
the Senator and I'epioMmtatJve'? in Confess fiom \cw
Jeisey he icquested, and earnestly uiged, to snppoit these
resolutions and proposition;?.
5. And be it j atlved, That as the union of these States
is i-n imminent dani^ei unless the irinodio.- before sugi e<ted
be speedily adopted, tlieu, a^ a l.ut re-oit, the State of New
.leiscy heiehy makes application. aocoiding to the leim-' of
the < 'onsiitution, of th<' Congre- - of ilie United Staler, tf 
cull a convention {ol the .State.-) to piopo-.e amendmeats
to raid Constitution.
6. .'hid I e it i oWi l(/, Th.it sjioh of th^ State'* as have in
1 oiee laws vviueh mtei fere with th" eon>tiiution:il ii;z!)N of
citizens ot the other States eiihet in irg.ud to their pet ?on>
or piopeity, or wlueli intlitale against the jii-t eo:>-.tiuetion
ofth.it p'li t of the ('ouvtit'ition that pi ovules th.u the •  cit-
izens of each State shall be entitled lo all the pi ivdecos ,md
nnmunities of citizen- in the several States, ''aie earnestly
ui^ed and requested, tor the sake of peace and titc Union,
to repeal all such law-*.
7. And be it resolved, That his Evcellcncy, Charles S.
Olden, Peter 1). Yioom, Roheit F. Stockton, Benjamin
Williamson, Joseph 1<\ Randolph, Frederick T. Fielm<r-
luiy^en, llodman M. I't ice, Thomas J. Stiykei ,and William
C. Alexander, he appointed commissioners to canter with
Congress and our sistn St.ites, and uii*r up< n them the im-
poitanee of cam in:x into elToet the principles and objects
oi the foiegoing iesohiuon<.
8. And be it lesolrcd, That the commissioncis above
named, m addition to their other powei-, tie authorized to
meet with those now or hereaftei to be appointed l>\ our
s|si< r State of Vhrtintn, and such commis-ioncis of other
States as have been oi may hoieafier be appointed, to meet
at Wa«-hiiieton on the 1th day ot February next.
i). And be it resolved, That copies of the foregoing reso-
lutions he f.ent to the Ptesident ol the Senate and Speaker
of the IJou^e of Representative* of tlie United States, and
to the Senator and Uepresentatives in Congiess liom New
JeiM'j-, and to the <*overnors of the several States.
The resolutions were then laid on the table,and
ordered to be printed.
CIIARLNS GORDON.
Air, ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
the iollowing resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be requested to re-
tni n to this House the jiap'-r^ m the ease of ChailesGoidon,
heretolbie icfeucd to said court by the House of .Repre-
sentatives.
LAWS OF NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a copy of the laws of New Mex-
ico, passed during the session of 1859 and 1360;
which was referred to the Committee on Tenito-
rics.
HULL AND C0ZZEXS.
Mr. BURNT-IAM. T ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the further consideration of the
bill (1-1. R. No. m) for the relief of HuU&Coz-
zens and John JXaylor & Co., m order that it
may be put upon its passage.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. THOMAS. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BURNTIAM. I think the gentleman will
allow me to have this bill put upon its passage
if he will listen to me for about a minute. It is
a matter of considerable interest to the parties.
Will the gentleman withdraw his objection, and
allow me to make a statement?
Mr. THOMAS. I have no objection to the'
gentleman's making an explanation, ifl shall still
have a right to object.
Mr. BURNETT. Itis unnecessary to do that.
I am thoroughly satisfied that all bills referring
accounts of this charactcr to the heads of Depart-
ments arc wrong, and that the amount to be paid
ought to be specifically set forth. I speak feel-
ingly upon this subject, because I got such a bill
passed oncc which I regret very much; and I do
not intend that any more such bills shall pass, if
I can help it.
X'OST ROUTE BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is called upon lo
procced-with the regular order of business. The
regular oicKcr of business is the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the post route
bill, sf
Mr.TJOLiFAX. Mr. Speaker, lam instructed
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roods to obviate, as far as possible, the objections
made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] the other day, in regard to the expense
of this daily overland route to the Pacific, by
offering t\ modification of the amendment to come
in at the end of the section. It is in reference to
the rates of newspaper postage between the At-
lantic and the Pacific coast. By the law of 30th
of August, 1852, it was enacted that the newspa-
per postage of the United States should be one
cent upon each newspaper (except in the State
where published) weighing less than three ounces,
and one cent for each additional ounce. But sub-
sequently a proviso was passed, by which it was
declared that ahy person who paid a quarter's
postage in advance should have a reduction of half
the postage, although the law requires them to
pay the postage on newspapers in advance any
way. 1 am unanimously instructed by the Post
OlHeo Committee to present this modification, that
the newspaper postage between the States and
Territories east of the Rocky Mountains, and the
States and Teriitories on the Pacific shall be one
cent for each paper—the rate established by the
law of 1S52—without the reduction provided for
in the proviso to which I have alluded.
The Representatives from the Pacific coast, £
understand, arc satisfied with this, on condition
that a daily overland mail is granted by Congress.
Upon conference with thePost Office Department,
1 am informed that this will increase the revenue
from thirty to forty thousand dollars. The pro-
vision we have already adopted, making the post-
age to California and the Pacific upon letters uni-
foim at ten ccnts the half ounce, whether it passes
o ver tin ee thousand miles or not, will also increase
the revenue from the California mails to an amount
not definitely ascertained; but probably twenty or
twenty-five thousand dollars. Saying nothing
about the increase in correspondence, that will
certainly result fiom these daily facilities, these
two provisions will reduce the expense of this
daily route over the present service to about one
hundred and forty thousand dollars a year; and
for tius additional expense we shall receive thiity
mails a month each way between the Atlantic and
the Pacific coasts, instead of five, and we shall also
have the mails earned through five days quicker
than at present.
I thciefbiv, by the direction of the Post Office
Committee, submit what I send to the Clerk's
desk, as a modification, to come in at the end of
| the section heretofore reported by the committee.
The Clerk read, as follows:
After the said daily overland mail has. gone into opera-
tion, the postage between any Shite or Territory east of the
Roeky Mountains and any State or Territory on the Pa-
cific, on each new-paper, periodical, unsealed circular, or
othei article of punted matter, not exceeding three ounces
in weight, shall he one cent: aridfoi every additional ounce,
or fraction ot an ounce, one cent additional.
Mr. PHELPS. What is the amendmentpend-
ing?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Moore,] which is
as follows: m line seventeen of the amendment
offeicd by the gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax,] strikeout '* at least semi-weekly," and
