I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
another State or with a foreign Power; or engage in war,
unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will
not admit of delay,"
I presume there is no doubt that South Carolina
now has troops, and, perhaps, ships of war. I
observe, by the newspapers, also that the Legis-
lature of North Carolina has appropriated money
for arming and equipping certain military com-
panies. Docs any one propose to treat the offi-
cers and privates of such companies as guilty of
treason, or to disperse the companies wherever
assembled by an armed force? Obviously, then,
Senators, it cannot be that a mere violation of the
Federal Constitution,and far less of Federal laws,
would leave to Congress no discretion whether
actual war should or should not be levied.
This having been shown, as I conceive, why
should we not avoid war, if possible, with the au-
thorities and the people of South Cai olina? " Oh P'
some objector will say, " we must collect the
revenue.*' Yes, sir, men who care nothing whether
the mails are or are not carried; whether justice
be administered in the Federal courts or not;
whether the people of South Carolina have any
representation in Congress or any otherad vantage
from the Government, insist, vigorously, and at
all e vents, (mostsacred constitutional vindication,)
that wc shall make as much money Aom those
people, levy as much tribute on them, as possible.
Well, suppose that we conquer them, all of them;
disperse the convention and the Legislature by
arms; execute as traitors all the officers of tin-
State: is that maintaining the Union? The Sena-
tor from Tennessee appeared to think so yester-
day, if 1 rightly heard his speech. I think not.
I think the Union would at once and necessarily
be destroyed. We should have so much terri-
tory from the Atlantic ocean to the Savannah river
as our conquered province; we should have so
many prisoners, and, if we spare their lives, so
many helpless subjects; but we should certainly
have overthrown the Government of the State,
and South Carolina would be no more. We might
erect some false image, instead of the State so
demolished; but our true confederate—our sis-
ter—is dead.
" Labitur exsanguis, iabuntur frigiria Mo
Lumina, purpurcus quondam color ora icliquit."
Mr. President, I am for peace, and not for war;
least of all, for a war so unnatural as this would
be. I am for conciliation; and therefore, in good
faith, will standatthesidcof my honorable friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] and earn-
estly endeavor to keep the door of compromise
open as long as possible. Others may debate the
abstract right, as they call it, of a State to secede;
but my voice shall notengage in a clamor so dread-
ful. I esteem the path 1 have chosen to be the
path of safety for all the States, and therefore
the path of wisdom; not, indeed, that wjsdorn by
which the people are sometimes betrayed, under
.specious plirahcs and soft pretexts, to their own
ruin, kindling their hearts with hatred, and stain-
ing their hands with blood; but that wisdom
founded upon humane thoughts, by which nations
continue to flourish and long maintain their liber-
ties. I am opposed to the scheme, under what
name soever disguised, of plunging our country
into the abyss of violence, anarchy, and fatal
dismemberment.
If the Prince of Wales, when lately admiring
the magnificence of our domain, our luxurious
cities, our noble rivers and lakes, our vast prai-
ries, our somber mountains, our smiling fields and
plains, our stupendous woiks of public improve-
ment, remembeied—as, being doubtless familiar
with all the glories of English literature, he may
have remembered—the speech delivered by Ed-
mund Burke, in the House of Commons, on the
22d of March, 1775, in favor of conciliation
with the American colonies, he probably said to
himself, or possibly to others: "Alas! alas! had
my great-grandfather, George III, listened to such
counsels in time, and followed them, instead of
attemptingto collect the revenue and enforce the
laws by mere violence, while a complaining peo-
ple stood before, him with angry countenances and
hearts almost turned to despair, this matchless
jewel might have glittered this day as the proudest
in my mother's diadem."
Mr. President, from that very speech allow me
to give you the substance of the objections which
I have urged at length:
" First, sir, permit me to observe that the use of force
alone is but temporary. It may subdue for a moment, but
it does not remove the necessity of subduing again; and a
nation is not governed, which is perpetually to be con-
quered.
" My next objection is uncertainty. Terror is not always
the eft'eet of force, and an armament is nota victory, if you
do not succeed, yon are without resource; for, concilia-
tion failing, force remains; but, force failing, no further
hope of reconciliation is left. Power and authority are
sometimes bought by kindness; but they can never be
bpggpd,as alms, by an impoverished and defeated violence.
" A further objection to force is, that you impair the ob-
ject by your very endeavors to preserve it. The thing you
fousrht for is not the thing which you recover; but depre-
ciated, sunk, wasted, and consumed, in the contest. Noth-
ing less will content me than whole America. I do not
choose to consume its strength along with our own; be-
cause, in a}) parts, it is the British strength that I consume.
I do nut choose to be caught, by a foreign enemy, attheend
of tins exhausting contiict; and, still less, in the midst of
it. I may escape; but 1 can make no insurance against
such an event."
Senators, I did hope, fondly hope, that instead
of refusing to accept terms of conciliation and
honorable compromise; instead of madly provok-
ing whole States and millions of people to what
some of you call treason and rebellion; instead
of giving them and ourselves to destruction upon
the fatal conceit that our oaths to support the
Constitution of the United States do not even allow
us to pause in the presence of an unexampled
crisis, wc should all have agreed, ere this, in the
adoption of measures calculatcd to stay the alarm
which now pervades the country, and threatens
our Union with perpetual overthrow. There is
yet time; but time is very precious. Let us de-
termine, first of all, that we will have no war, no
bloodshed, if wc are able in any manner to avoid
it. War is no remedy in such a case; it is always
a horrible visitation—horrible when waged for the
best and holiest cause; but horrible indeed, and
inexpressibly wicked, when waged without any
cause, and by one portion of our people against
another. Let us not hesitate to suspend the ex-
ecution of whatever laws cannot bo executed, at
present, without violence; submit, if necessary,
to a diminution of revenue; and thus, or further,
if necessary, through acts of generous confidence,
avoid all dangers of collision between Federal
and State authorities, soothe apprehension every-
where, and be enabled calmly to proceed, by con-
stitutional amendment, to the duty of securing
forever the Union we shall have icscucd, and ulti-
mately restored, if not absolutely preserved.
Whether I have or have not spoken wisely, for
my own sake, as an individual, I have now dis-
charged my duty, as I understand it, toward God
and my country; beyond that, in all sincerity, I
have not inquired. I believe that the policy which
my colleague announced—of entertaining no terms
of conciliation and compromise, and, at the same
time, endeavoring to avoid the responsibility of
civil war by charging it upon the Constitution
and the oath wc have taken—will diive us all,
North as well as South, into an abyss whcie re-
union is impossible, where peace never can be
restored, where the liberties of nil the States will
be utterly and hopelessly ingulfed. If my col-
league has truly expressed the determination of
his and my constituents, I shall esteem it no loss,
but an eminent and glorious distinction, to retire
from public, service while the flag of the Union
yet floats abo\e this Capitol, and calls together,
m annual session, the embassadois and represent-
atives of thirty-three independent, free, and equal
sovereignties. I have once declared to you, Sen-
ators, and now repeat, that your separate confed-
eracies, northern or southern, have no charms; for
me; their promises of libei ty, security, and endur-
ance, kindle not my imagination, nor satisfy the
desire of my heait. Let me, at least, no more
frequent this palace after its proud glnius shall
have departed; lest where now, in niche and upon
column, or station, or pediment, I behold the
sculptuicd cfligji s of past gloiy, theic blaze forth,
as bysomehorrible enchantment,from stony eyes
and distorted features, the denton of discord and
fraternal strife; while, instead of gorgeous inscrip-
tions to the Union displayed on every side—
above, beneath, and around—I see only the fin-
gers of a man's hand writing over against the
candlestick, upon the plaster of the wall, such
dreadful words as pronounced the doom of Baby-
lon:
" God batii numbered thy kingdom, an© finished
it ; thou art weighed in the balances, and art
found wanting; thy kingdom is divided, and given to 4
the M&dks and Persians.5'
It may be, for a while, that genial suns and'
refreshing showers and the providence of times*
and seasons will continue to repay the husband-
man for his toil; that art and science and the com-
forts of civilization will bless our people as now;
butover all the destroying angel, wnich'has turned
so many realms to deserts, will slowly, silently,5
inevitably,extend his pinions,until thefair places
of this continent become like the faded seats of
once imperial Republics in the Old World.
STATE OP THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. A. DOUGLAS,
OF ILLINOIS, i
In the Senate, January 3, 1861. ,
The Senate having^under consideration the following
resolution reported by the select committee of thirteen,
appointed to consider the agitated and distracted condition
o( the country—
Resolved, That the committee have not been able to agree
upon any general plan of adjustment, and report that fact
to the Senate, together with the journal of the committee;
Mr. DOUGLAS said:
Mr. President: No act of my public life has
ever caused me so much regret as the necessity of
voting in the spccial committee of thirteen for the
resolution reporting to the Senate our inability to
agree upon any general plan of adjustment, which
would restore peace to the country and insure the
integrity ofthe Union. If we wish to understand the
real causes which have produced such wide-spread
and deep-seated discontent in the slaveholding
States, we must go back beyond the recent pres-
dential election, and trace the origin and history
of the slavery agitation from the period when it
first became an active element in Federal politics.
Without fatiguing the Senate with tedious de-
tails, I may be permitted to assume, without the
fear of successful contradiction, that whenever the
Federal Government has attempted to decide and
control the slavery question in the newly acquired
Territories, regardless of the wishes of the in-
habitants, alienation of feeling, sectional strife,
and discord have ensued; and whenever Congress
has refrained from such interference, harmony
and fraternal feeling have been restored. The
whole volume of our nation's history may be con-
fidently appealed to in support of this proposi-
tion. The most memorable instances are the fear-
ful sectional controversies which brought the
Union to the verge of disruption in 1820, and again
in 1850. It was the territorial question in each
case which presented the chief points of difficulty,
becau.se it involved the irritating question of the
relative political power of the two sections. ah
the other questions, which entered into and served
to increase the slavery agitation, were deemed of
secondary importanee, and dwindled into insig-
nificance so soon as the territorial question was
definitely settled.
From the period of the organization of the Fed-
eral Government, underthe Constitution, in 1789,
| down to 1820,all the territorial governments had
I been organized upon the basis of non-interfer-
1 once by Congress with the domestic institutions
of the people. During that period several new
Territories were organized,including Tennessee,
Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, and Alabama.
In no one of these Territories did Congress at-
tempt to interfere with the question of slavery,
either to introduce or exclude, protect or prohibit
it. During the whole of this period there was
peace and good-will between the people of all
parts of the Uni#n so far as the question of sla-
very was concerned.
I kit the first time Congress ever attempted to in-
terfere with and control that question, regardless
of the wishes ofthe people interested in it, the Union
was put in jeopardy, and was only saved from dis-
solution by the adoption ofthe compromise of1820.
In the famous Missouri controversy, the majority
of the North demanded that Congress should pro-
hibit slavery forever in all the territory acquired
