36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 3,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
from^rance, extending from theState of Louisiana
to.the British possessions on the north, and from
the Mississippi to the Rocky Mountains. The
South and the conservative minority ofthe North,
_on the contrary, stood firmly upon the ground of
non-intervention, denying the right of Congress
to touchy the subject. They did not ask Con-
gress to interfere; for protection nor for any pur-
pose; ,w:lule they- opposed the right and justice of
exclusion.. Thus, each party, with their respect-
ive-positions distinctly defined—the one for and
other against congressional intervention—
maintained its position with desperate persistency
until disunion seemed inevitable, when a com-
promise was effected by an equitable partition of
the territory between the two sections on the line
of 36° 30', prohibiting slavery on the one side
and permitting it on the other.
In the adoption of this compromise, each party
yielded one half of its claim for the sake of the
Union. It was designed to form the basis of per-
petual peace on the slavery question by establish-
ing a rule in accordance with which all future con-
troversy would be avoided. The line of partition
was distinctly marked so far as our territory might
extend; and, by irresistible inference, the spirit of
the compromise required the extension of the line
on the same parallel whenever we should extend
our territorial limits. TheNorth and theSouth—
although each was dissatisfied with the terms ofthe
settiement, each having surrendered one half ofits
claim—by common consent agreed to acquiesce in
it, and abide by it as a permanent basis of peace
upon the slavery question. It is true, that there
■were a few discontented spirits in both sections
who™attempted to renew the controversy from
time to time; but the deep Union foiling pre-
vailed, and the masses of the people were disposed
_ to stand by the settlement as the surest means of
averting future difficulties.
Peace was restored, fraternal feeling returned,
and we were a happy and united people so long
as wo adhered to, ana carried out in good faith,
the Missouri compromise, according to its spirit
as well as its letter. In 1845, when Texas was
annexed to the Union, the policy of an equitable
partition on the line of 36° 30' was adhered to,
and carried into effect by the extension of the line
as far westward as'the new acquisition might
reach. It is true, there was much diversity of
opinion as to the propriety and wisdom of an-
nexing Texas. In the North the measure was
opposed by large numbers upon the distinct
ground that it was enlarging tile area of slave
territory within the Union; and in the South it
probably received much additional support for
the same reason; but, while it may have been op-
posed'and supported, in some degree, north and
south, from these considerations, no considerable
number in cither section objected to it upon the
ground that it extended and carried out the policy
of the Missouri compromise. The objection was
solely to the acquisition of the country, and not
to the application of the Missouri compromise to
it, if acquired. No fair-minded man could deny
that every reason which induced the adoption of
the line,in 1820 demanded its extension through
Texas, and every new acquisition, whenever we
enlarged our territorial possessions in that direc-
tion. No man would have been deemed faithful
to the obligations of the Missouri compromise at
that day, who was opposed to its application to
future acquisitions.
The record shows that Texas was annexed to
the Union upon tiie express condition that the
Missouvi compromise should be extended and
made applicable to the country, so far as our new
boundaries might reach. The history of that
acquisition will show that I not only supported
the annexation of Texas, but that 1 urged the
necessity of applying the Missouri compromise
to it, fur the purpose of extending it through New
Mexico and California to the Padfiiic ocean, when-
ever we should acquire those Territories, as a
means of putting an end to the slavery agitation
forever.
The annexation of Texas drew after it the war
with Mexico, and the treaty of peace left us m pos-
session of California and New Mexico. This large
acquisition of new territory was made the occa-
sion for renewing the Missouri controversy. The
agitation of 1849-50 was a second edition of that
of 1819-20. It was stimulated by the same mo-
tives, aiming at the same ends, and enforced by
the same arguments. The northern majority
invoked the intervention of Congress to prohibit
slavery everywhere in the Territories of the Uni-
ted States—both sides of the Missouri line—south
as well aa north of 360 30'. The South, together
with a conservative minority in the North, stood
firmly upon the ground of non-intervention, deny-
ing the right of Congress to interfere with the
subject, but avowing a willingness, in the spirit
of concession for the sake of peace and the Union,
to adhere to and carry out thu policy of an equit-
able partition on the line of 36° 30' to the Pacific
ocean, in the same sense m which it was adopted
in 1820, and according to the understanding when
Texas was annexed in 1845. Every argument
and reason, every consideration of patriotism and
duty, which induced the adoption of the policy
in 1820, and its application to Texas in 1845, de-
manded its application to California and New
Mexico in 1848. The peace of the country, the
fraternal feelings of all its parts, the safety of the
CJnion, all were involved.
Under these circumstances, as chairman of the
Committee on Territories, I introduced into the
Senate the following proposition, which was
adopted by a vote of 33 to 21 in the Senate, but
rejected in the House of Representatives. I read
from the Journal, August 10, 1848, page 5G3:
On motion by Mr. Douglas to amend the bill, section
fouiteen, hue one, by minting alter the word ' enacted
" That tlie line of ■>(>' -i!i; ol north latitude, known as the
Missouri compromise line, as defined by the eighth section
of an act entitled 'An act to authorize the people o t the
Missouii Territory to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such i-'uttc into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States, and to
prohibit shivery ni eettam Territories, approved March G,
1820,' be, and the same is hereby, declared to extend to the
Pacific ocean ; and the said eighth section, together with
the compromise therein effected, is hereby revived, and
declared to he in fall force and binding, tor the future or-
ganization of the Terutoiies of the United States, in the
same sense, and with the same understanding, with vvJlieli
it wus originally adopted;
" It was deteimnied in the affirmative—yeas 33, nays 21,
u f)n motion by Mr. Baldwin, the yeas and nays being
desired by one lifth of the Senators present, those who
voted in the alhimativo are:
" Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bor-
land, Blight, Buth'r, Calhoun, Cameron, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Foote, Itan-
negim, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
I.ouisiiina, Johnson ot'Geoigia. King, Lewis, Mungum, Ma-
son, Metealf, LVarce, Sebastian, Spi-uance,Sturgeon, Tur-
ney, C/nderwood.
'• Those who voted ul the liegalive aie :
"Messis. Allen, Atlieiton, Baldwin, Bradbury, Bioese,
Olaik, Oonvili, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, 111x,
l>odge, I'Ylch, Green, Hale, llanilin, Miller, Niles, I'ilclps,
Upllam, Walker, W'Yllstei.
" 80 the pinptwd amendment was agreed to."
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, by a vote of 33 to
22, and was read the third time, and passed 011 the
same day. Ry the classification of the votes for
my proposition to carry out the Missouri com-
promise, it will be seen that all the southern Sen-
ators, twenty-six in number, including Mr. Cal-
houn, voted in the affirmative; and of the northern
Senators, seven voted in the affirmative and twen-
ty-one in the negative. The piopositiun was re-
jected 111 the I louse of Representatives by almost
u sectional vote, the whole South voting for it,
and a large majority of the North against it.
f' was the rejection of that proposition—the re-
pudiation of the policy of an equitable partition
of the territory between the two sections, 011 the
line of 36° 30'—which reopened the floodgates of
slavery agitation and deluged the whole country
with scctional strife and bitterness,until the Union
was again brought to the verge of disruption,
before the swelling tide of bitter waters could be
turned back, and passion and prejudice could be
made to give place to reason and patriotism.
Had the Senate's proposition been concurred,
in by the House of Representatives; had the pol-
icy of an equitable partition been adhered to; had
the Missouri compromise been carried out m
good faith, through our newly acquired territory,
to the Pacific ocean, there would have been an
end to the slavery agitation forever. For, the line
of partition between free and slave territory being
once firmly established and distinctly defined
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, all new acqui-
sitions, whether on the North or the South, would
have conformed to that adjustment, without ex-
citing the passions, or wounding the sensibilities,
or disturbing the harmony of our people. I do
not think it would have made any material dif-
ference in respect to the condition of the new
States to be formed out of such territory, for I
have always believed, and often said, that the
existence or non-existence of African slavery de-
pends more upon the necessities of climate, health,
and productions, than upon congressional and
territorial enactments. It was in reference to this
great truth that Mr. Webster said that the con-
dition of all the territory acquired from Mexico,
so far as the question of slavery was concerned,
was irrevocably fixed and settled by an irrepeal-
able law—the law of climate, and of physical ge-
ography, and of the formation of the earth. You
might as well attempt by act of Congress to com-
pel cotton to grow upon the tops of the Rocky
Mountains and rice upon the summits of the
Sierra Nevada, as to compel slavery to exist, by
congressional enactment, where neither climate,
nor health, nor productions, will render it neces-
sary and self-sustaining. Yet the desire, on the
one hand, for the extension of slavery into re-
gions where it is physically impossible to sustain
it, and, on the other hand, to abolish and exclude
it from those countries where the white man can-
not endure the climate and cultivate the soil,
threatens to keep the agitation of this question
perpetually in Congress, until the passions ofthe
people shall become so inflamed that civil war
and disunion shall become inevitable. It is the
territorial question—whether slavery shall exist
in_ those vast regions, in utter disregard of the
wishes and necessities of the people inhabiting
them—that is convulsing and dissolving the Re-
public; a question in which we have no direct
interest, about which we have very little knowl-
edge, and which the people of those Territories
must and will eventually decide for themselves
and to suit themselves, no matter what Congress
may do. But for this territorial question there
would be very little difficulty in settling the other
matters in controversy. The Abolitionists could
never endanger the peace of the country or the
existence of the Union by the agitation of the
slavery question in the District of Columbia by
itself, or in the dock-yards, forts, and arsenals in
the slaveholding States, or upon the fugitive slave
law, or upon any minor issue, or upon them all
together, if the territorial question could be finally
and irrevocably settled.
I repeat, it was the repudiation of the policy of
the Missouri compromise, the refusal to apply it
to the territory acquired from Mexico, when of-
fered by me, and supported by the whole South,
in August, 1848, which reopened the agitation
and revived the Missouri controversy. The com-
promise of 1820 once repudiated, the policy of an
equitable partition of the territory abandoned, the
proposition to extend it to the Pacific being re-
jected, and the original controversy reopened with
increased bitterness, each party threw itself back
011 its original extreme position—the one demand-
ing its exclusion everywhere, and the other in-
sisting upon its right to go everywhere in the
Territories, regardless of the wishes of the people
inhabiting them. All the arguments.pro and con.,
used 111 1819-20 were repeated in 1849-50. The
question was the same, and the relative position of
the two sections the same.
Such was the condition of things at the open-
ing of the session of 1849-50, when Mr. Clay
resumed his seat in this body.
The purest patriots in the land had become
alaimed for the fate of the Republic. The im-
mortal Clay, whose life had been devoted to the
rights, interests, and glory of his country, had
retired to the shades of Ashland to prepare for an-
otherand a better world. When.inhis retirement,
hearing the harsh and discordant notes of sec-
tional strife and disunion, he consented, at the
earnest solicitation of his countrymen, to resume
his seat in the Senate, the theater of his great
deeds, to see if, by his experience, his wisdom,
the renown of his great name, and his stronghold
upon the confidence and affections of the Ameri-
can people, he could not do something to restore
peace to a distracted country. From the moment
