1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Douglas,
Senate.
of his arrival among us he became, by common
consent, and as a matter of course, the leader of
the Union men. His first idea was to revive and
extend to the Pacific ocean the Missouri compro-
mise line, with the same understanding and legal
effect in which it had been adopted in 1820, and
continued through Texas in 1845. I was one of
his humble followers and trusted friends in en-
deavoring to carry out that policy, and in connec-
tion with others, at his special request, carefully
canvassed both Houses of Congress to ascertain
whether it was possible to obtain a majority vote
in each House for the measure. We found no dif-
ficulty^ with the southern Senators and5 Repre-
sentatives, and could secure the cooperation of a
minority from the North; but not enough to give
us a majority in both Houses. Hence the Mis-
souri compromise was abandoned by its friends,
not from choice, but from inability to carry it
into tffcct in good faith. It was with extreme re-
luctance that Mr. Clay, and those of us who acted
with him and shared his confidcncc, were brought
to the conclusion that we must abandon, from in-
ability to carry out, the line of policy which had
saved the Union in 1820, and given peace to the
country for many happy years.
Finding ourselves unable to maintain that pol-
icy, we yielded to a stern necessity, and turned
our attention to the discovery of some other plan
by which the existing difficulties could be settled,
and future troubles avoided. I need not detail the
circumstances under which Mr. Clay brought for-
ward his plan of adjustment, which received the
sanction of the two Houses of Congress and the
approbation of the American people, and is famil-
iarly known as the compromise measures of 1850.
These measures were designed to accomplish the
same results as the act of 1820, but in a different
mode. The leading feature and chief merit of
each was to banish the slavery agitation from the
Halls of Congress and the arena of Federal poli-
tics. The act of 1820 was intended to attain this
end by an equitable partition of the Territories
between the contending sections. The acts of 1850
were designed to attain the same end by remitting
the whole question of slavery to the decision of the
people of the Territories, subject to the limitations
of the Constitution, and let the Federal courts
determine the validity and constitutionality of the
territorial enactments from time to time, as cases
should arise and appeals be taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The one, proposed to
settle the question by a geographical line and an
equitable partition; and the other by the principles
of popular sovereignty in accordance with the Con-
stitution. The object of both being the same, I
supported each in turn as a means of attaining a
desirable end.
After the compromise measures of 1850 had be-
come the law of the land, those who had opposed
their enactment appealed to thfcir constituents to
sustain them in their opposition, and implored
them not to acquiesce in the principles upon which
they wore founded, and never to cease to war upon
them until they should be annulled and effaced
from the statutp-book. The contest before the
people was fierce and bitter, accompanied some-
times with acts of violence and intimidation; but
fortunately, Mr Clay lived long enough to feel and
know that his last great efforts for the peacc of
the country and the perpetuity of the Union—the
crowning acts of a brilliant and glorious career in
the public service—had met the approval and re-
ceived the almost unanimous indorsement of his
grateful countrymen The repose which the coun-
try was permitted to enjoy for a brief period
proved to be a temporary truce in the sectional
confhot, and not a permanent peace upon the sla-
very question. The purpose of reopening the
agnation for a congressional prohibition of sla-
very m all the Territories whenever an opportu-
nity or excuse could be had, seems never to have
been abandoned by those who originated the
scheme for partisan purposes, in 1819, and were
bafHed in their designs by the adoption of the Mis-
souri compromise m 1820; and who renewed the
attempt in 1848, but were again doomed to suffer
a mortifying defeat m the adoption of the compro-
mise measures of 1850. The opportunity and
pretext for renewing the agitation was discovered
by those who had never abandoned the design,
when it became necessary, in 1854, to pass the
necessary laws for the organization of the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska. The necessity
for the organization of these Territories, in order
to open and protect the routes of emigration and
travel to California and Oregon could not be de-
nied. The measure could not be postponed longer
without endangering the peace of the frontier set-
tlements, and incurring the hazards of an Indian
war, growing out of the constant collisions be-
tween the emigrants and the Indian tribes through
whose country they were compelled to pass.
Early in December, 1853, Senator Dodge, of
Iowa, introduced a bill for the organization of the
Territory of Nebraska, which was referred to the
Committee on Territories, of which I was chair-
man. The committee did not volunteer their ser-
vices on the occasion. The bill was referred to
us by the vote of the Senate, and our action was
in discharge of a plain duty imposed upon us by
an express command of the body.
The first question which addressed itself to the
calm and deliberate consideration of the commit-
tee was: upon what basis shall the organization
of the^ territory bo formed? Whether upon the
theory of a geographical ififie and an equitable par-
tition of the territory in accordance with the com-
promise of 1820, which had been abandoned by
its supporters not from choice, but from our in-
ability to carry it out; or upon the principle of
non-intervention and popular sovereignty, accord-
ing to the compromise measures of 1850, which
had taken the place of the Missouri compromise?
The committee, upon mature deliberation, and
with great unanimity, decided that all future ter-
ritorial organizations should be formed upon the
principles nnd model of the compromise measures
of 1850, inasmuch as in the recent presidential
election (1852) both of the great political parties
of the country, (Whig and Democratic,) of which
the Senate was composed, stood pledged to those
measures as a substitute for the act of 1820; and
the committee instructed me, as their organ, to
Srenare a report and draft a substitute for Mr.
•oage'sbill in accordance with these views. I
will now read from the record, at the hazard of
being somewhat tedious, in order that the Senate
and the country may judge with what fidelity I
performed this duty:
" January 4th, 18o4, Mr. Douglas made the following
report: ' The Committee on Tesritorics, to which was re-
ferred a bill for an act to establish the Territory oi Nebraska,
have given the same that serious and deliberate considera-
tion winch its great importance demands, and beg leave to
report it back to the Senate, with vauoua amendments, m
the form of a sub*titute tor tfie bill.
'"The principal amendment* which your committee
deem it their duly to commend to the favorable action of
the Senate, in a special import, ate those in which thepun-
cipltN established by the compiomi.se mcaMues of 1850, so
far as they are applicable to tcnitonal organization*, arc
pioposed tobeatiirmed and carried mtopiactical operation
within the limit?, of the new Teiriiory.
" ' The wij-dom ot tho^e measure-* i^> attested, not le«^by
their salutary and beneficial effects m allaying sectional agi-
tation and restoring peace and harmony to an mitated and
distracted people, than by the cordial and almost umver-al
appiobation with winch they have becnieeeived and sanc-
tioned by the whole countiy. Inthojudgmentot youi com-
mittee, tho&e measures were intended to have a fat 'more com-
prehenvire ami endurim* effect than the mere adjustment of
the difficulties arising out of the recent acquisition of Mexi-
can temtoiy. They wfke designed to establish cer-
tain great principles, which would not only i'uunish
adequate remedies !■ Oil existing evils, but in all time
to come avoid the perils of a similar agitation, by
withdrawing tllfc. qijl-bpion of slavery from the
IIalls of Congress and the political arena, and com-
mitting it to the AKBiritonvr of those who were
immediately intlrestj-d in, and alone responsible
for, its con^equfnces. With the view of COlifOl llling
their action to what they icgaid the settled pnliej of the
Government, sanctioned by the approving voice of the
American people, your committee have deemed it their
duty to meoipoiate and pcipetuute in their tomtoiial bills
the principles and spirit of those measures.' "
After reviewing the provisions of the legislation
of 1850, the committee conclude as follows:
" From The-:e provisions it appaiout that the compro-
mise measures of li&O affirm and ie&t upon the following
proposition*:
"First, That all question® pertaining to slavery in the
Territories, and m the now States to be formed therefrom,
are to be left to the decision of t'ie people lcsidmtr thciein,
by their appropriate iepiesentauve>, to be chosen by them
for tu.it purpo.se.
" Second. That' all cacen involving title to slaves,' and
'questions of personal freedom., are referred to the adjudi-
cation of the local tribunals, with the right of appeal to the
Supieme Court of the United ritates.
"Third, That the provision of the Constitution of the ;
United States, in respect to fugitives from service, is to be
carried into faithful execution in all 1 the organized Terri-
tories,' the same as in the States.
The substitute for the bill which your committee have
prepai ed, and which is commended to the favorable action
of the Senate, proposes to carry tfbose proportions and
eiples into practical operation, in the precise language
op the compromise measures of 1850."
No sooner was this report and bill printed and
laid upon the tables of Senators, than an address
was prepared and issued over the signatures of
those party leaders who had always denounced
" the Missouri compromise as a crime against
freedom, and a compact with infamy," in which
the bill was " arraigned as a gross violation of a
sacred pledge;" 44as a criminal betrayal of pre-
cious rights;''and the report denounced as "a
mere invention, designed to cover up from public
reprehension meditated bad faith."
The Missouri compromise was " infamous,"
in their estimation, so long as it remained upon
the statute-book and was carried out in good
faith, as a means of preserving the peace of the
country and preventing the slavery iagitation in
Congress. But it suddenly became " a sacred
pledge," a "solemn compact for the preservation
of precious rights," the moment they had suc-
ceeded in preventing its faithful execution and in
causing it to be abandoned when it ceased to be
an impregnable barrier against slavery agitation
and sectional strife. The bill against "which the
hue and cry was raised, and the crusade preached,
did not contain a word about the Missouri com-
promise , nor in an y man ner refer to it. It simply
allowed the people of the Territory to legislate
for themselves on all rightful subjects of legisla-
tion, and left them free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution. So far as the Missouri
act, or any other statute, might be supposed to
conflict with this right of self-government in the
Territories, it was, by inference, rendered null
and void to that extent, and for no other purpose.
Several weeks afterwards, when a doubt was sug-
gested whether, under the bill as it stood, the
people of the Territory would be authorized to
exercise this right of self-government upon the
slavery question, during the existence of the terri-
torial government, an amendment was adopted, on
my motion, for the sole and avowed purpose of
removing that doubt and securing that right, in
accordance with the compromise measures of
1850, as stated by me and reported in the debates
at the time. The amendment will be found in the
fourteenth section of the act, and is as follows:
"That the Constitution and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
force and effect within the said Territory of Nebraska as
elsewhere within the United States, except the eighth sec-
tion of the act prepai atory to the admission of Missouri
into the Union,approved March 6,1820,wkich>being incon-
sistent with the principle of nonintervention by Congressvnth
slavery in the State? and Territories, as recognized by the
legislation of J 850, commonly called the compromise
measures, js hereby declared inoperative and void ; it being
the true intent and meaning of this, act not to legislate sla-
very into any Territory or State, nor to exclude it there-
from, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate then domestic institution* in their own way, sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States."
In my opinion this amendment did not change
the legal effect of the bill as reported by the com-
mittee. Its object was to render its meaningcer-
tain, by removing all doubts in regard to the
right of the people to exercise the privileges of
self-government on the slavery question, as well
as all others consistent with the Constitution, dur-
ing their territorial condition, as well as when
they should become a State. From that day to
this, there has been a fierce and desperate struggle
between the supporters and opponents of the ter-
ritorial policy inaugurated under the auspices of
Mr. Clay, in 3850, and affirmed in the Kansas-
Nebraska act in 1854—the one to maintain and
the other to overthrow the principle of non-inter-
vention and popular sovereignty, as the settled
policy of the government in reference to the or-
ganization of Territories, and the admission of
new States. - This sketch of the origin and prog-
ress of the slavery agitation as an element of polit-
ical power and partisan warfare, covers the entire
period from the organization of the Federal Gov-
ernment under the Constitution, in 1789, to the
present, and is naturally divided into three pans:
First. From 1789, when the Constitution went
into operation, to 1819-20, when the Missouri
controversy arose, the Territories were all organ-
