1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
36xh Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
this Union cannot permanently endure divided
into free and slave States; that these States must
all become free or all slave, all become one thing
or all become the other; that this agitation will
never cease until the opponents of slavery have
lestiained its expansion, and have placed it whme
the public mind will be satisfied that it will be in
the course of ultimate extinction. Mark the lan-
guage:
<• Either the opponents of slavery will arresf lite further
spread of it
We are now told that the object of the Repub-
lican party is to prevent the extension of slavery.
What did Mr. Lincoln say? That the opponents
of slavery must first prevent the further spread
of it. But that is not all. What else must they
do?
And place it where the public mind can icst in the be-
lief tliat it is n^tlie course ot ultimate 6x11)1011011.''
The ultimate extinction of slavery, of which
Mr. Lincoln was then speaking, related to the
States of this Union. He had reference to the
southern States of this Confederacy; for, in the
next sentence, he says that the States must all
become one thing or all the other—" old as well
as new, north as well as south"—showing that
he meant that the policy of the Republican party
was to keep up this agitation in the federal Gov-
ernment until slavery in the States was placed in
the process of ultimate extinction. Now, sir,
when the Republican committee have published
an edition of Mr. Lincoln's speeches containing
sentiments like these, and circulated it as a cam-
paign document, is it surprising that the people
of the South should suppose that he was in earn-
est, and intended to carry out the policy which
lie had announced?
I regret the necessity which has made it my
duty to reproduce these dangerous and revolu-
tionary opinions of the President elect. No con-
sideration could have induced me to have done
so but the attempt of his friends to denounce tlu*
policy which Mr. Lincoln has boldly advocated,
as gross calumnies upon the Republican party,
and as base inventions by the northern Democ-
racy to excite rebellion in the southern country.
I should like to find one Senator on that side of
the Chamber, in the confidence of the President
elect, who will have the hardihood to deny that
Mr. Lincoln stands pledged by his public speeches,
to which he now refers constantly as containing
his present opinions, to carry out the policy indi-
cated in the speech from which I have read. I
take great pleasure in saying, however, that I do
not believe the rights of the South will mate-
rially suffer under the administration of Mr. Lin-
coln. I repeat what I have said on another oc-
casion, that neither he nor his party will have
the power to do any act prejudicial to south'"rn
rights and interests, if the Union shall be pre-
served, and the southern States shall retain a full
delegation in both Houses of Congress. With a
majorityagainstthemin this body and in the House
of Representatives, they can do no act, except to
enforce the laws, without the consent of those to
whom the South has confided her interests, and
even his appointments for that purpose are subject
to ouradviceand confirmation. Besides, I still in-
dulge the hope that when Mr. Lincoln shall as-
sume the high responsibilities which will suon de-
volve upon him, he will be fully impressed with the
necessity of sinking the politician in the states-
man, the partisan in the patriot, and regard the
obligations which he owes to his country as para-
mount to those of his party. In view of these
considerations, I had indulged the fond hope that
the people of the southern States would have been
content to remain m the Union and defend their
rights under the Constitution, instead of rushing
madly into revolution and disunion, as a refuge
lrom apprehended dangers which may not exist.
Hut this apprehension has become wide-spread
and deep-seated m the southern people. It has
taken possession of the southern mind, sunk deep
in the southern heart, and filled them with the
conviction that their firesides, their family altars,
and their domestic institutions, are to be ruthlessly
assailed through the machinery of the Federal
Government. The Senator trom Ohio says he
does not blame you, southern Senators, nor the
southern people, for believing those things; and
yet, instead of doing those acts which will relieve
your apprehensions, and render it impossible that
your rights should be invaded by Federal power
under any Administration, he threatens you with
war, armies, military force, under pretext of en-
forcing the laws and preserving the Union. We
are told that the authority of the Government must
be vindicated; that the Union must be preserved;
that rebellion must be put down; that insurrec-
tions must be suppressed, and the laws must
be enforced. I agree to all this. I am in favor
of doing all these things according to the Consti-
tution and laws. No man will go further than I
to maintain the justauthority of the^frovemment,
to preserve the Union, to put down rebellion, to
suppress insurrection, and to enforce the laws. I
would use all the powers conferred by the Con-
stitution for this purpose. But, in the perform-
ance of these important and delicate duties, it must
be borne in mind that those powers only must be
used, and such measures employed, as are au-
thorized by the Constitution and laws. Things
should be called by the right names; and facts,
whose existence can 110 longer be denied, should
be acknowledged.
Insurrections and rebellions, although unlaw-
ful and criminal, frequently become successful
revolutions. The strongest Governments and.
proudest monarchs on earth have often been re-
duced to the humiliating necessity of recognizing
the existence of Governments de facto9 although
not de jure, in their revolted States and«provincos,
when rebellion has ripened into successful revo-
lution, and the national authorities have been ex-
pelled from their limits. In such cases the right
to regain possession and exact obedience to the
laws remains; but the exercise of that right is
war, and must be governed by the laws of war.
Such was the relative condition of Great Britain
and the American colonies for seven years after
the Declaration of Independence. The rebellion
had progressed and matured into revolution, with
a Government de facia, and an army and navy to
defend it. Great Britain, ie ardins the complaints
of the colonies unfounded, lefused to yield to their
demands, and proceeded to reduce them to obe-
dience; not by the enforcement of the laws, but
by military force, armies and navies, according
to the rules and laws of war. Captives taken in
battle with arms in their hands, fighting against
Great Britain, were not executed as traitors, but
held as prisoners of war, and exchanged accord-
ing to the usages of civilized nations. The laws
of nations, the principles of humanity, of civiliza-
tion, and Christianity, demanded that the Govern-
ment de facto should be acknowledged and Heated
as such. While the right to prosecute war for the
purpose of reducing the revolted provinces to obe-
dience still remained, yet it was a military remedy,
and could only be exercised accoidmg to the es-
tablished principles of war.
It is said that, after one of the earliest engage-
ments, the British general threatened to exccute
as traitors all the prisoners he had taken in bat-
tle; and that General Washington replied that lie,
too, had taken some prisoneis, and would shoot
two for one until the British general should re-
spect the laws of war, and treat his prisoners ac-
cordingly. May Divine Providence, in His in-
finite wisdom and mercy, save our country from
the humiliation and calamities which now seem
almost inevitable! South Carolina has already
declared her independence of the United States;
has expelled the Federal authorities from her
limits, and established, a Government da facto,
with a military force to sustain it. The revolu-
tion is complete, there being no man within her
limits who denies the authority of her govern-
ment or acknowledges allegiance to that of the
United States. There is every reason to believe
that seven other Stales will soon follow her ex-
ample, and much ground to apprehend that the
other slaveholding States will follow them.
How are we going to prevent an alliance be-
tween these seceding States by which they may
establish a Federal Government, at least de facto,
for themselves? If they shall do so, and expel
the authorities of the United States from their
limits, as South Carolina has done, and others
are about to do, so that there shall be no human
being within their boundaries who acknowledges
allegiance to the United States, how are we going
to enforce the laws ? Armies and navies can make
war, but cannot enforce laws in this country.
The laws can be enforced only by the civil author-
ities, assisted by the military as a posse comitctins* i
when resisted in executing judicial process.- Who
is to issue the j udicial process in aState where there
is no judge, no court, no judicial functionary?
Who is to perform the duties of marshal in execut-
ing the process where no man will or dare accept
office? ^ Who are to serve on juries while every
citizen isparticepscriminis'whh the accused? How
are you going to comply with the Constitution in
respect to a jury trial, where there are no men qual-
ified to serve on the jury ? I agree that the laws
shouldbeenforced. 1 hold thatour Governments
clothed with the power and duty of using all the
means necessary to the enforcement of the laws,
according to the Constitution and laws. The Presi-
dent is sworn to the faithful performance of this
duty. I do not propose to inquire, at this time, how
far, and with what fidelity, the President has per-
formed that duty. His conduct and duty in this
regard, including acts of commission and omis-
sion, while the rebellion was in its incipient stages,
and when confined to a few individuals, present
a very different question from that which we are
now discussing—after the revolution has become
complete, and the Federal authorities have been
expelled, and the Governments de facto put into
practical operation, and in the unrestrained and
unresisted exercise of all the powers and functions
of Government, local and national.
But we are told that secession is wrong, and
that South Carolina had no right to secede. I
agree that it is wrong, unlawful, unconstitutional,
criminal. In my opinion, South Carolina had no
right to secede; but she has done it. She has
declared her independence of us, effaced the last
vestige of our civil authority, established a for-
eign Government, and is now engaged in the
preliminary steps to open diplomatic intercourse
with the great Powers of the world. What next?
If her act was illegal, unconstitutional, and wrong,
have we no remedy5 Unquestionably we have
the ri^ht to use all the power uod force necessary
to regain possession of that portion of the United
States, in order that we may again enforce our
Constitution and laws upon the inhabitants. We
can enforce our laws in those States, Territories,
and places only which are within our possession.
It often happens that the territorial rights of a
country extend beyond the limits of their actual
possessions. That is our case at present in re-
spect to South Carolina. Our right of jurisdic-
tion over that State for Federal purposes, accord-
ing to the Constitution, has not been destroyed or
impaired by the ordinance of secession, or any
act of the convention, or of the de facto govern-
ment. The right remains; but the possession is
lost, for the time being. " How shall we tegain
the possession?" is the pertinent inquiry. It may
be done by arms, or by a peaceable adjustment
of the malteis in controversy.
Jlrc we prepared for war ? I do not mean that
kind of preparation which consists of armies and
navies, and supplies, and munitions of war; but
are we prepared in our hearts for war with our
own brethren and kindred? I confess I am not.
While I affirm that the Constitution is, and was
intended to be, a bond of perpetual Union; while
I can do no act and uttei no word that will ac-
knowledge or countenance the right of secession;
while I affirm the right and duty of the Federal
Government to use ail legitimate means to enforce
the laws, put down rebellion, and suppress in-
surrection, I will not meditate war, nor tolerate
the idea, until every effort atpeaceful adjustment
shall have been exhausted, and the last ray of
hope shall have deserted the patriot's heart. Then,
and not till then, will I consider and determine
what course my duty to my country may require
me to pursue in such an emergency. In my opin-
ion, war is disunion, certain, inevitable, irrevoca-
ble. I am for peace to save the Union.
I have said that I cannot recognize nor counte-
nance the right of secession. Illinois, situated in
the interior of the continent,-can never acknowl-
edge the right of the States bordering on the seas
to withdraw from the Union at pleasure, and form
alliances among themselves and with other coun-
tries, by which we shall be excluded from all access
to the ocean, from all intercourse and commerce
with foreign nations. Wecan never consent to be
