624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29.
Will South Carolina attempt to build a fleet to
drive of? our Navy ? She has neither money nor
credit to buy one. Let us examine her capacity
for ship-building. When high-swelling words are
used, it is well to look at the size of the animal
that emits them. There have been such things
as " mighty voices, and nothing else." I know
that some small States have a large capacity for
ship-building, like Tyre, Venice, Holland, ox-
England. In 1859 Maine built about forty thou-
sand tons of registered vessels. Even Vermont,
• who from, none of her highest mountains can see
the ocean with a spy-glass, built for tonnage
one hundred and nineteen tons. The same year
South Carolina built sixty-four tons! This fleet,
I learn from the register, consisted of a small
steamer and a canal boat! So of the other rebel-
lious States.
But she proposes to enter into treaty stipula-
tions with Europe, and, by granting free trade,
attract the direct trade of commercial nations. But
she cannot do that without a direct violation of
the Constitution. " No State shall enter into any
treaty, alliance," &c. Although sho may disre-
gard that provision, being in rebellion, yet no
foreign nation, being warned that it is a violation
of the supreme law of the nation, will venture to
negotiate. Her embassadors will not be received
in a single Court in Europe—it would be just cause
of war. Nor can she negotiate with a State. The
Constitution is careful to prohibit treaties with
foreign nations; and it adds: 44 Alliance or con-
federation." She could not confederate, even with
the independent, free trading island of Manhattan.
If the revenue could not be thus collected, and
smuggling prevented, the Government should
abolish all laws establishing ports of entry and
collection districts within theseceding States, and
prevent all vessels, foreign or domestic, from en-
tering or leaving any of their ports. How will
she send her cotton and other surplus products
abroad? She cannot load a vessel in her own
harbors, for there are no national officers to give
her a clearance. The vessel would be without
papers, without nationality, and a pnze to the
first captors. How forlorn must be her condition !
Without commerce, without industry, her sea-
ports would be barren wastes. With a flag recog-
nized by no civilized nation; with no vessel en-
tering her ports, exccpt now and then a low black
schoonerscuddinginfrom the river Congo; with no
ally or sympathizer except the King of Dahomey.
If these States will have war, who is to protect
them against their own domestic foes? They
now tremble when a madman and a seorc of fol-
lowers mvadc them. If a citizen declare his oppo-
sition to slavery, they hang him; and declare, as
a justification, that it is necessary for their per-
sonal safety; because they say they are standing
on the thin crust of a raging volcano, which the
least jar will crack, and plunge them in. How,
then, will it withstand the booming of cannon
and the clash of arms?
Sir, the attempt of one or more of these cotton
States to force this Government to dissolve the
Union is absuid. Those who counsel*thc Gov-
ernment to let them go, and destioy the national
Union, are preaching moral treason. I can un-
derstand such doctrine from those who conscien-
tiously dislike a partnership in slaveholding,—
who aesire to see this empire severed along the
black line, so that they could live in a free Re-
public.
Let no slave State flatter itself that it can
dissolve the Union now and then reconstiuct it
on better terms. The present Constitution was
foimed in our weakness. Some ofitscompromises
were odious, and have become more so by the
unexpected increase of slaves, who were expected
soon to run out. But now, in our strength, the con-
science of the North would not allow them to
enterinto such partnership with slaveholding. If
this Union should be dissolved, its reconstruction j
would embrace one empire wholly slaveholding,
and one republic wholly free. "While we will
religiously observe the present compact, nor at-
tempt to be absolved from it, yet if it should be
torn to pieces by rebels, our next United States
will contain no foot of ground on winch a slave
can tread, no breath of air which a slave can
breathe. Then we can boast of libeitv. Then
we can rise and expand to the full stature of un-
trammeled freemen, and hope for God's blessings.
Then the bondmen who break their chains will
find a city of refuge. Our neighboring slave em-
pire must consider how it will affect their peculiar
institution. They will be surrounded by freedom,
with the civilized world scowling upon them.
Much as I dislike the responsibility and re-
proach of slavery, I recoil from such a remedy.
Let us be patient, faithful to all constitutional
engagements, and await the time of the Disposer
of events. Let us not destroy this grand fabric
of freedom, which, when once dissolved, will
never bo rebuilt. Let there be no blood shed until
the last moment; but let no cowardly counsels
unnerve the people; and then, at last, if needs be,
let every one be ready to gird on his armor, and
do his duty.
Sir, I am reminded that this is not the language
of Pennsylvania, us represented by the united
voice of her two Senators. I know it is not. But
I do not believe that either of them represented
the principles of any considerable portion of the
people of that State. While Pennsylvania would
go, as I would, to the verge of the Constitution
and of her principles, to maintain peace, I believe
it is a libel on the good name of her virtuous peo-
ple, to say that she would sacrifice her principles
to obtain the favor of rebels. I believe it to be a
libel on her manhood to say that she will pur-
chase peace by unprincipled concessions to insur-
gents with arms in their hands. If I thoughtsuch
was her character, I would expatriate myself. I
would leave the land where I have spent my life
from early manhood to declining age, and would
seek some spot untainted by the coward breath
of servility and meanness. To her pleasant val-
leys I would prefer the rugged, bold State of my
nativity; nay, any spot in the most barren Arc-
tic regions, amid whose pure icicles dwells manly
freedom.
At the close of Mr. Stevens's hour,
Mr. GROW said: I move that the time of my
colleague be extended to the extent of the time
occupied by the inteiruptions of his speech.
Mr. BITRIYETT. I object. The same request
was made the other day in favor of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Leake,] and it was objected
to by gentlemen on the oilier side. I want the
rule to operate alike upon all.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from Kentucky
will listen to an explanation, 1 am sure he will
withdraw his objection. It was agreed that my
colleague should not have the time occupied by
interruptions counted in his hour.
Mr. BURNETT. Up to the denial of the re-
quest made in behalf of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, leave had been granted to gentlemen on both
sides of the House to finish their remarks, when
they co'uld not do so in their hour, by the neces-
sary extension of time. But the gentleman from
Virginia, after he had been interrupted by a large
number of the members on the other side, was
denied the privilege which had before been ac-
corded to all other gentlemen who had occupied
the floor. Ho was not permitted to concludc his
remarks; and I now feel it to be my duty to per-
sist in my objection.
Mr. B'OCOCK. I think that the gentleman
from Kentucky is mistaken; and that my col-
league was allowed some twenty minutes for the
interruptions of his speech.
Mr. BURNETT. If it be the pleasure of the
House, I wuhdiaw my objection.
Mi*. BOTELER. I renew it. I made an ap-
peal to be allowed to explain a vote I was about
to give, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
objected to me.
Mr. HARRIS,of Maryland,obtained the floor.
Mr. CAREV. As much csmfusion is created
by interruptions of gentlem^ upon the floor, I
give notice that I will object to any such inter-
ruptions heieaftcr. j
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, then addtessed
the House. [His am-eon will be publihlird in
the Appendix.] \/
Mr. WINSLOW. "When I took service upon
the committee ol the States, to which position you
had kindly assigned me, 1 confess I did so with hut
slight hope that its efforts would avail to the res-
toration of peace and concoid among our people.
^ I had said, in my place in the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, looking at the then existing condition
of things, and painfully apprehensive of the very
consequences that now threaten the country, that
touching what I deemed the wrongs to my sec-
tion, I would forbearuntil forbearance itself would
even seem to cease to be a virtue, and that if the
crisis should come, I would endeavor to discharge
my duty to the whole country, and especially to
that section where my fortunes had fallen and
where my destinies were fixed.
In redemption of that pledge, \ set out with the
determination tiiat 1 would exert Uil my power to
effect such suitable settlements that the Union
might be preserved, harmony icstored, our insti-
tutions strengthened and perpetuated, and the
slaveholding States reconciled to the continuancc
of a Union which was fast losing its hold upon
their affections.
I was not indifferent to the Union of these
States; nay, to preserve it was, with me, a labor
of love. But, in my judgment, no patched-up
compromise, no alleviating and palliating remedy
was either just or prudent; nor did I subscribe to
the dogma of its preservation at all hazards. A
Union which did not effectually ptovide for the
common defense and the general welfare, which
did notestablish peace and procure domestic tran-
quillity, I would have none of.
I have nothing with which to reproach myself;
nothing with which to reproach my State, as to
fomenting the agitation of the slavery question,
either in its inception or in its continuance. Re-
luctant, originally, to enter into this confedera-
tion with you—from the fears of her statesmen as
to its consequences, which have sadly been real-
ized—when she did come, she came with loyal
purposes to adhere to her obligations; and true
as the steel embosomed in her lofty mountains,
she has performed those duties with admitted
fidelity. She will take, in this crisis, the course
which her honor and her interest and her obli-
gation to other States justify; and if she leaves
you now, it will be with no spasmodic passion,
but with that coolness, delay, and deliberation—
her natural characteristics—which have, with flip-
pant witlings, been mistaken for apathy and in-
sensibility. She will tell you ere she goes; like
the serpent that emblazoned her colonial flag, she
will warn you ere she strikes.
During my service in Congress, now rapidly
drawing to the close of a third term, I have never
addressed you—no colleague of mine has ever ad-
dressed you—on the exciting subject of slavery.
Perfectly satisfied ourselves with the morality of
slavery, its lawfulness and expediency, regarding
it in no light whatever as a moral, social, or po-
litical evil; lookingupon it as, if not an essential, at
least a desirable feature in a Government founded
upon universal suffrage, we needed no discussion
to confirm our judgment or our opinions; nor
were we disposed to become propagandists of that
or any other system among our neighbors. We
looked upon ourselvesas trustees, under a higher
power; into our hands, certainly by no direct
agency of ours, had been confided the care and
nurture and Christianizingof a heathen and an im-
provident race, fitted only for compulsory labor;
we had no right to thrust from us that charge,
or to cry craven and refuse its administration.
How we have performed that duty, their vast in-
crease in number—an increase which, according
to the well known laws which govern population,
incontestably proves them to have been well fed,
well clothed, humanely worked, and well cared
for—sufficiently testifies.
Your fathers violently tore them from thoir na-
tive homes, the bush and the lagoons of that in-
hospitable clime upon whose soil the sun never
ceases to pour down his direct and burning rays,
and transferred them, for a pecuniary considera-
tion, to our fathers. We have nurtured and cared
for them. We found them idolaters; we taught
them the benign religion of the meek and lowly
peasant of Palestine. We have so ameliorated
their condition that no laboring population of any
part of the world compares with them m point of
comfort. They have alike shared our good and
adverse fortunes. When Providence smiled upon
us, and wealth accumulated, they have partaken
of its benefits, and in periods of distress they have
cheerfully submitted to like sacrifices as ourselves.
You have been participants in the fruit of their
labors. It drives the looms of Lowell, and estab-
lishes the manufactures of Lynn and Natick. It
furnishes the cargoes of your shipping, and sup-
ports your trade in all parts of the seas. Gradu-
ally, as they were elevated in intellect, our law has
been modified, and moderated in its relations to-
wards them, and its broad shield has been thrown
