m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 3,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
shut up within the circle of a Chinese wall, erected
and controlled by others without our .permission;
, or to any other system of isolation by which we
shall be deprived of any communication with the
rest of the civilized world. Those States which
are situated in the interior of the continent can
never assent to any such doctrine. Our rights,
our interest®, our safety, our existence as a free
people, forbid it! The northwestern States were
ceded to the United States before the Constitution
was made, on condition of perpetual union with
Ae ether States. The Territories were organ-
ized, settlers invited,lands purchased, and homes
made, on the pledge of your plighted faith of per-
petual union.
When there were but two hundred thousand
inhabitants scattered over that vast region, the
navigation of the Mississippi was deemed by Mr.
Jefferson so important and essential to their in-
terests and prosperity, that he did not hesitate to
declare that if Spain or France insisted upon re-
taining possession of the mouth of that river, it
would become the duty of the United States to take
it by arms, if they failed to acquire it by treaty.
If the possession of that river, with jurisdiction
over its mouth and channel, was indispensable to
the people of the Northwest when we had two
hundred thousand inhabitants, is it reasonable to
suppose that we will voluntarily surrender it now
when we have ten million people? Louisiana was
not purchased for the exclusive benefit of the few
Spanish and French residents in the territory,
nor for those who might become residents. These
considerations did not enter into the negotiations
and formed no inducement to the acquisition.
Louisiana was purchased with the national treas-
ure, for the common benefit of the whole Union
in general, and for the safety, convenience, and
prosperity of the Northwest in particular. We
paid $15,000,000 for the territory. We have ex-
pended much more than that sum in the extin-
guishment of Indian titles, the removal of Indians,
the survey of lands, the erection of custom-houses,
light-houses, forts, and arsenals. We admitted
the inhabitants into the Union on an equal foot-
ins; with ourselves. Now we are called upon to
acknowledge the moral and constitutional right
of those people to dissolve the Union without the
consent of the other States; to seize the forts,
arsenals, and other public property, and appro-
priate them to their own use; to take possession
of the Mississippi river, and exercise juiisdiction
over the same, and to rcannex herself to France,
or remain an independent nation, or to form alli-
ances with such other foreign Powers as she, in
the plenitude of her sovereign will and pleasure,
may see fit. Ifthisthingisto be done—peaceably,
if you can; and forcibly, if you must—all I pro-
pose to say at this time is, that you cannot expect
us of the Northwest to yield our assent to it, nor
to acknowledge your right to do it, or the pro-
priety and justice of the act.
The respectful attention with which my friend
from Florida [Mr. Yulee] is listening to me, re-
minds me that his State furnishes an apt illustra-
tion of this modern doctrine of secession. We
paid five million for the Territory. We expended
marvelous sums in subduing the Indians, extin-
guishing Indian titles, removal of Indians beyond
her borders, surveying the lands, building light-
houses, navy-yards, forts, and arsenals, with un-
told millions for the never-ending Florida claims.
I assure my friend that I do not refer to these
things in an offensive sense, for he knows how
much respect I have for him, and has not forgot-
ten my efforts in the House many years ago, to
secure the admission of his State into the Union,
in order that he might represent hrr, as ho has
since done with so much ability and fidelity, in
this body. But I will say that it never occurred
to me at that time that the State whose admission
into the Union I was advocating would be one of
the first to join in a scheme to break up theUnion.
1 submit it to him whether it is not an extraordi-
nary spectacle to see that State, which has cost us
so much blood andli-easure, turn her back on the
Union which has fostered and protected her when
she was too feeble to protect herself, and seize
thejight-houses, navy-yards,forts, and arsenals,
"Which, although within her boundaries, were
erected with national funds, for the benefit and
defense of the whole Union. !
I do not know that I can find a more striking
illustration of this doctrine of secession than was
suggested to my mind whiJn reading the Presi-
dent's last annual message. My attention was
first arrested by the remarkable passage, that the
Federal Government had no power to coerce a
State back into the Union if she did secede; and
my admiration was unbounded when I found, a
few lines afterwards, a recommendation to appro-
priate money to purchase the island of Cuba. It
occurred tome instantly, what a brilliant achieve-
ment it would be to pay Spain $300,000,000 for
Cuba, and immediately admit the island into the
Union as a State, and let her secede and reannex
herself to Spam the next day, when the Spanish
dueen would be ready to sell the island again for
half price, or double price, according to the gul-
libility of the purchaser! [Laughter.]
During my service in Congress it was one of
my pleasant duties to take an active part in the
annexation of Texas; andat a subsequent session
to write and introduce the bill which made Texas
one of the States of the Union. Out of that an-
nexation grew the war with Mexico, in which we
expended $100,000,000; and were left to mourn the
loss of about ten thousand as gallant men as ever
died upon a battle-field for the honor and glory of
their country ! We have since spent millions of
money to protect Texas against her own Indians,
to establish forts and fortifications to protect her
frontier siSttlemonts, and to defend her against the
assaults of all enemies until she became strong
enough to protect herself. We are now called
upon to acknowledge that Texas has a moral,
just, and constitutional right to rescind the act of
admission into the Union; repudiate her ratifica-
tion of the resolutions of annexation; seize the
forts and public buildings which were constructed
with our money; appropriate the same to her own
use,, and leave us to pay $100,000,000 and mourn
the death of the brave men who sacrificed theirlives
in defending the integrity of her soil. In the name
of Hardin, and Bissell, and Harris, and of the
seven thousand gallant spirits from Illinois, who
fought bravely upon every battle-field of Mexico,
I protest against the nglit of Texas to separate
herself from this Union without our consent.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator from Illinois will allow me, I will inquire
whether there were no other causes assigned by
the United States for the war with Mexico than
simply the defense of Texas?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the question.
We undoubtedly did assign other arts as being
causes for war, which had existed for years, if
we had chosen to treat them so; but we did not
go to war for any other cause than the annexation
of Texas, as is shown in the act of Congress rec-
ognizing the existence of war with Mexico, in
which it is declared that " war exists by the act
of the Republic of Mexico." The sole cause of
grievance which Mexico had against us, and for
which she commcnced the war, was our annexa-
tion of Texas. Henco, none can deny that the
Mexican war was solely and exclusively tile re-
sult of the annexation of Texas.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I will inquire further,
whether the United States paid anything to Texas
for the annexation of her three hundred and sev-
enty thousand square miles of territory, and
whether the United States has not got §500,000,000
by the acquisition of California through that war
with Mexico.
Mi. DOUGLAS. Sir, we did not pay any-
thing for bringing Texas into the Union; for we
did not get any of her lauds, except that we pur-
chased from her some poor lands afterwards,
which she did not own, and paid her$10,000,000
for them. [Laughter.] But we did spend blood
and tieasure in the acquisition and subsequent de-
fense of Texas.
Now, sir, I will answer his question in respect
to California The treaty of peace brought Cal-
ifornia and New Mexico into the Union. Our
people moved there, took possession of the lands,
settled up the country, and erected a State of
which the United States have a right to be proud.
We have expended millions upon millions for
fortifications in California, and for navy-yards,
and mints, and public buildings, and land sur-
veys, and feeding the Indians, and protecting her
people. I believe the public land sales do not
amount to more than one tenth of the cost of the
surveys, according to the returns that have been
made. It is true that the people of California
have dug a large amount of gold (principally out
of the lands belonging to the United States) and
sold it to us; but I am not aware that we are un-
der any more obligations to them for selling it to
us, than they are to us for buying it of them.
The people of Texas, during the same time, have
probably made cotton and agricultural produc-
tions to a much larger value, and sold some of it
to New England, and some to Old England. I
suppose the benefits of the bargain were recip-
rocal, and the one was under just as much obli-
gation as the other for the mutual benefits of the
sale and purchase.
The question remains, whether, after paying
§15,000,000 for California—as the Senator from
Texas.has called my attention to that State—and
perhaps as much morj in protecting and defend-
ing her, she has any moral, constitutional right to
annul the compact between her and theUnion,
and form alliances with foreign Powers, and leave
us to pay the cost and expenses ? I cannot rec-
ognize any such doctrine. In my opinion, the
Constitution was intended to be a bond of perpet-
ual Union. It begins with the declaration in the
preamble, that it is made in order " to forma more
perfect Union," and every section and paragraph
in the instrument implies perpetuity. It was in-
tended to last for ever, and was so understood
when ratified by the people of the several States.
New York and Virginia have been referred to as
having ratified with the reserved right to withdraw
or secede at pleasure. This is a mistake. The
correspondence between General Hamilton and
Mr. Madison, at the time, is conclusive on this
point. After Virginia had ratified the Constitu-
tion, General Hamilton, who was a member of
the New York convention, wrote to Mr. Madison
that New York would probably ratify the Con-
stitution for a term of years, and reserve the right
to withdraw after that time, if certain amendments
were not sooner adopted; to which Mr. Madison
replied that such a ratification would not make
New York a member of the Union; that the rat-
ification must be unconditional,in toto and forever,
or not at all; that the same question was consid-
ered at Richmond, and abandoned when Virginia
ratified the Constitution. Hencc, the declaration of
Virginia and New York, that they had not sur-
rendered the right to resume the delegated pow-
ers, must be understood as referring to the right
of revolution, which nobody acknowledges more
freely than I do, and not to the right of secession.
The Constitution being made as a bond of per-
petual Union; its framers proceeded to provide
against the necessities of revolution, by prescribing
the mode in which it might be amended; so that
if, in the course of time, the condition of the coun-
try should so change as to require a different
fundamental law, amendments might be made
peaceably, in the manner prescribed in the instru-
ment; and thus avoid the necessity of ever resort-
ing to revolution. Having provided for a perpetual
Union, and for amendments to the Constitution,
they next inserted a clause for admitting new
States, but no provision for the withdrawal of
any of the other States. I will not argue the
question of the right of secession any farther than
to enter my protest against the whole doctrine.
I deny that there is any foundation for it in the
Constitution, in the nature of the compact, in the
principles of the Government, or in justice, or in
good faith.
Nor do I sympathize at all in the apprehensions
and misgivings I hear expressed about coercion.
We are told that inasmuch as our Governmentis
founded upon the will of the people, or the consent
of thegoverned, therefore coercion is incompatible
with republicanism. Sir, the word government
means coercion. There can be no Government
without coercion. Coercion is the vital principle
upon which all Governments rest. Withdraw the
right of coercion, and you dissolve your Govern-
ment. If every man would perform his duty and
respect the rights of his neighbors voluntarily,
there would be no necessity for any Government
on earth. The necessity of government is found
to consist in the fact that some men will not do
right unless coerced to do so. The object of all
government is to coerce and compel every man
