1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>6tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
to do his duty, who would not otherwise perform
it. Hence I do not subscribe at all to this doc-
trine that coercion is not to be used in a free Gov-
ernment. It must be used in all Governments, no
matter what their form or what their principles.
But coercion must always be used in the mode
prescribed in the Constitution and laws. I liold
that the Federal Government is, and ought to be,
clothed with the power and duty to use all the
means nccessary to coerce obedience to all laws
made in pursuance of the Constitution. But the
proposition to subvert the de facto government
of South Carolina, and to reduce the people of
that State into subjection to our Federal author-
ity, no longer involves the question of enforcing
the luws in a country within our possession; but
it does involve the question whether we will make
war on a State which has withdrawn her alle-
giance and expelled our authorities, with a view
of subjecting her to our possession for the pur-
pose of enforcing our laws within her limits.
We are bound, by the usages of nations, by the
laws of civilization, by the uniform practice of
our own Government, to acknowledge t&e ex-
istence of a Government de facto, so long as it
maintains its undivided authority. When Louis
Philippe fled from the throne of France, and
Lamartine suddenly one morning found himself
the head of a provisional Government, I believe
it was but three days until the American minister
recognized the Government de facto. Texas was
v a Government de facto, not recognizcd by Mexico,
when we annexed her; and Mexico was a Gov-
ernment de facto, not recognized by Spain, when
Texas revolted. The laws of nations recognize
Governments de facto where they exercise and
maintain undivided sway, leaving the question of
their authority de jure to be determined by the
people interested in the Government. Now, as
a man who loves the Union, and desires to see
it maintained forever, and to see the laws enforced,
and rebellion put down, and insurrection sup-
pressed, and order maintained, I desire to know
of my Union-loving friends on the other side of
the Chamber how they intend to enforce the laws
in the seceding States, except by making war,
conquering them first, and administering the laws
in them afterwards.
In my opinion, we have reached a point where
disunion is inevitable, unless some compromise,
founded upon mutual concession, can be made. I
prefer compromise to war. I prefer concession
to a dissolution of the Union. When I avow my-
self in favor of compromise, I do not mean that
one side should give up all that it has claimed,
nor that the other side should give up everything
for which it has contended. Nor do I ask any
man to come to my standard; but 1 simply say
that I will meet every one half way who is will-
ing to preserve the peace of the country, and save
the Union from disruption upon principles of
compromise and concession.
In my judgment, no system of compromise can
be effectual and permanent which does not banish
the slavery question from the Halls of Congress
and the arena of Federal politics, by irrepealable
constitutional provision. We have tried com-
promises by law, compromises by act of Con-
gress: and now we are engagedm the small busi-
ness of crimination and recrimination, as to who
is responsible for not having lived up to them in
good faith,*and for having broken faith. I want
* whatever compromise is agreed to, placed beyond
the reach of party politics and partisan policy,
by being made irrevocable in the Constitution
itself, so that every man that holds office will be
bound by his oath to support it.
There are several modes in which this irritating
question may be withdrawn from Congress, peace
restored, the rights of the States maintained, and
the Union rendered secure. One of them—one to
which I can cordially assent—has been presented ;
by the venerable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittendent.] The journal of the committee of
thirteen shows that I voted for it in committee.
I am prepared to vote for it again. I shall not oc-
cupy time now m discussing the question whether
my vote to make a partition between the two sec-
tions, instead of referring the question to the peo-
ple, will be consistent with my previous record
or not. The country has no very great interest
in my consistency. The preservation of this
Union, the integrity of this Republic, is of more
importance than party platforms or individual
records. Hence I have no hesitation in saying
to Senators on all sides of this Chamber, that I
am prepared to acton this question with reference
to the present exigencies of the case, as if I had
never given a vote, or uttered a word, or had an
opinion upon the subject.
Why cannot you Republicans accede to the
reestablishment and extension of the Missouri
compromise line ? You have sung peans enough
in its praise, and uttered imprecations and curses
enough on my head for its repeal,- one would
think, to justify you now in claiming a triumph
by its reestablishment. If you are willing to give
up your party feelings—to sink the partisan in
the patrir#—and help me to reestablish and ex-
tend that line, asaperpetual bond of peace between
the North and the South, I will promise you never
to remind you in the future of your denunciations
of the Missouri compromise so long as I was
supporting it, and of your praises of the same
measure when we removed it from the statute-
book, after you had caused it to be abandoned,
by rendering it impossible for us to carry it out. I
seek no partisan advantage; 1 desire no personal tri-
umph. I am willing to let by-gones be by^gones
with every man who, in this exigency, will show
by his vote that he loves his country more than
his party.
I presented to the committee of thirteen, and
also introduced into the Senate, another plan by
which the slavery question may be taken out of
Congress and the peace of the country maintained.
It is, that Congress shall make no law on the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories, and that the
existing status of each Territory on that subject,
as it now stands by law, shall remain unchanged
until it has fifty thousand inhabitants, when it
shall have the right of self-government as to its
domestic policy; but with only a Delegate in each
House of Congress until it has the population
required by the Fedeial ratio for a Representa-
tive in Congress, when it shall be admitted into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States. I put the number of inhabitants at fifty
thousand before the people of the Territory shall
change the status in respect to slavery as a fan-
compromise between the conflicting opinions upon
this subject. The two extremes,North and South,
unite in condemning the doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty in the Territories upon the ground that
the first few settlers ought not to be permitted to
decide so important a question for those who are
to come after them. 1 have never considered that
objection well taken, for the reason that no Terri-
toryshould be organized with the right to elect a
Legislature and make its own laws upon all right-
ful subjects of legislation, until it contained a suf-
ficient population to constitute a political com-
munity; and whenever Congiess should decide
that there was a sufficient population, capable of
self-government, by organizing the Territory, to
govern themselves upon all other subjects, I could
never perceive any good reason why the same
political community should not be permitted to
decide the slavery question for themselves.
But, since we are now trying to compromise
our difficulties upon the basis of mutual conces-
sions, I propose to meet both extremes half way,
by fixing the number at fifty thousand. This
number, certainly, ought to be satisfactory to
those States which have been admitted into the
Union with less than fifty thousand inhabitants.
Oregon, Florida, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alaba-
ma, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, were each admit-
ted into the Union, 1 believe, with less than that
number of inhabitants. Surely the Senatorsand
Representatives from those States do not doubt
that fifty thousand people were enough to consti-
tute a political community capable of deciding the
slavery question for themselves. I now invite
attention to the next proposition.
In order to allay all apprehension, North or
South, that territory would be acquired in the
future for sectional or partisan purposes, by adding
a large number of free States on the North, or
slave States on the South, with the view of giving
the one section or the other a dangerous political
ascendency, I have inserted the provision that
" No more territory shall be acquired by the
United States, except by treaty or the concurrent
vote of two thirds in each House of Congressi®*
If this provision should be incorporated into the
Constitution, it would be impossible for either
section to annex any territory without the con-
currence of a large portion of the other section;
ancrhence there need be no apprehension that any
territory would hereafter be acquired for any
other than such national considerations as would
commend the subject to the approbation of both
sections.
I have also inserted a provision confining the
right of suffrage and of holding office to white
men, excluding the African race. I have also
inserted a provision for the colonization of free
negroes from such States as may desire to have
them removed, to districts of country to be ac-
quired in Africa and South America. In addition
to these, I have adopted the various provisions
contained in the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, in reference to fugitive slaves, the
abolition of slavery in the forts, arsenals, and
dock-yards in the slave States and in the District
of Columbia, and the other provisions for the
safety of the South. I believe this to be a fair
basis of amicable adjustment. If you of the Re-
publican side are not willing to accept this, nor
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] pray tell us what you are
willing to do? I address the inquiry to the Re-
publicans alone, for the reason that in the com-
mittee of thirteen, a few days ago, every member
from the South, including those from the cotton
States, [Messrs. Toombs and Davis,] expressed
their readiness to accept the proposition of my
venerable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] as a final settlement of the controversy, if
tendered and sustained by the Republican mem-
bers. Hence, the sole responsibility of our dis-
agreement, and the only difficulty in the way of
an amicable adjustment, is with the Republican
party.
At first, I thought your reason for declining to
adjust this question amicably, was that the Con-
stitution, as it stands, was good enough, and that
you would make no amendment to it. That po-
sition has already been waived. The great leader
of the Republican party, [Mr. Seward,] by the
unanimous concurrence of his friends, brought
into the committee of thirteen a proposition to
amend the Constitution. Inasmuch, therefore,
as you are willing to amend the instrument, and
to entertain propositions of adjustment, why not
go further, and relieve the apprehensions of the
southern people on all points where you do not
intend to operate aggressively? You offer to
amend the Constitution, by declaring that no fu-
ture amendments shall be made which shall em-
power Congress to interfere with slavery in the
States ?
Now, if you do not intend to do any other act
prejudicial totheirconstitutional nghtsand safety,
why not relieve their apprehensions by inserting,
in your own proposed amendment to the Consti-
tution, such further provisions as will, in like
manner, render it impossible for you to do that
which they apprehend you intend to do, and
which you have no purpose of doing, if it be true
that you have no such purpose ? For the purpose
of removing the apprehensions of the southern
people, and for no other purpose, you propose to
amend the Constitution, so as to render it impos-
sible, in all future time, for Congress to interfere
with slavery in the States where it may exist
under the laws thereof. Why not insert a similar
amendment in respect to slavery in the District
of Columbia, and in the navy-yards, forts, arse-
nals, and other places within the limits of the
slaveholding States, over which Congress has
exclusive jurisdiction? -Why not insert a similar
provision in respect to the slave trade between
the slaveholding States? The southern people
have more serious apprehensions on these points
than they have of your direct interference with
slavery in the States.
If their apprehensions on these several points
are groundless, is it not a duty you owe to God
and your country to relieve their anxiety and re-
move all causes of discontent? Is there not quite
as much reason for relieving their apprehensions
upon these points, in regard to which they are
much more sensitive, as m respect to your direct
interference in the States, where they know and
