THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C.
Thirtt-Sixtii Congress, 20 Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1861.
New Series No, 40.
before them for their protection. If their priv-
ileges have been at any time curtailed, that has
been the consequence of your own mad fanaticism,
which soughtwithafalseand sickly philanthropy
to interfere with institutions about which you
knew nothing, and would inquire into, from no
higher sources than the catch-penny productions
of renegades from our country, who sought to
play upon your prejudices, to their own aggran-
dizements. The miserable vipers who drew their
existence from our soil, and sought to sting then-
benefactors, you took instantly to your bosom,
forgetting that the wretch who was false to the
land of his birth could never be true to that of
his adoption. Or if you advanced a step further,
for higher sources, you found them in the senti-
mental productions ofyour strong-minded women,
who, rashly abandoning the proper sphere of their
sex, and rudely seizing the habiliments of the
other, undertook to instruct their superiors in
matters of polity and economy.
We cared not then, at'any time, to open that
subject before you; though we felt conscious, and
so repeatedly warned you, that your interference
with our rights; your denial of our constitutional
privileges; your offensive assaults upon us; your
failure to respond to your constitutional obliga-
tions; your assertion of the doctrines of a higher
law and an irrepressible conflict; the wicked and
inflammatory appeals to your passions by your
leaders; your provocation to our slaves to rebel
against us; your approbation of the armed foray
in the State of Virginia; your denial of our equal-
ity m the Territories; your threats to reorganize
the supreme judicial tribunal, so as to meet your
views and opinions; your declared purpose to
interfere with the future status of our peculiar in-
stitution, as foreshadowed by the repeated decla-
rations of the great Corypheus of your party,
who, if report speaks truly, is to shape for the
next four years its policy, would finally result in
disruption of the Union. You would not heed
us. One by one the ligaments of the Union have
been snapping asunder; but you turned adeaf ear
to the ominous sounds. One by one those sym-
pathies and attachments which sprang fiom the
remembrance of past trials and common souows
and sufferings, from the recollection of past glo-
ries and triumphs, have fallen off and been for-
gotten, like the leaves of the oak in your forest
resigning themselves to the winds of Heaven; but
you failed to see it. Having eyes you would not
see, and having cars you would not hear.
At last your efforts culminated to a point be-
yond toleration. By your denial to us of equality
in the Territories, you sought to reduce us to the
conditio^ of a degraded people; and presenting
before the country a ticket strictly sectional, avail-
ing yourselves of unhappy differences, you suc-
ceeded in establishing an Administration, a sub-
mission to which, without further guarantees,
would leave usa conquered people,underforeign
domination.
You threatened us with constitutional modes by
which you could, and hereafter meant to, extin-
guish slavery—a system which had ill the mean
time become so interlocked and interwoven with
our institutions that the destruction of the para-
site would be death to the tree it clings to.
It was in vain to say that the ends and aims of
the Republican party were directed to the over-
throw of the great Democratic party, which had
so long wielded the power of the Government.
You were tendered, by the other great party op-
posed to you, a ticket headed by constitutional
statesmen,m whose patriotism you professed con-
fidence. Amid all this, we asked for nothing, no
concession, but our rights: "The Constitution and
the equality of the States; the symbols of ever-
lasting union."
The time had come when we were called upon
to speak right out, and m view of threatened dan-
gers to provide newguards for our future safety.
Under these circumstances it was we met you
at the assembling of the Congress; under these
circumstances that a member from Virginia took
the initiative in proposing apeace conlerence,and
40
that southern members consented to meet you in
a committee of the States, to take counsel to-
gether of the common perils and the appropriate
remedies. You may judge of our astonishment
when, at the very first day of the meeting of that
committee, silence was broken by a northern mem-
ber, representing a large and populous district,
with professions of utter ignorance of the exist-
ence of any causes of complaint, and with the
mild request that southern gentlemen would be
kind enough to furnish a bill of particulars.
Meeting that committee in a spirit of frankness,
determined to speak right out on the difficult ques-
tions which embarrassed the country, we could
not but be astonished at what we looked upon as
a species of diplomacy out of place, in bad taste,
and ill suited to the momentous occasion.
It did not at all provoke a like conduct on our
part; but at once declaring that we looked upon
the territorial policy as the question of perplex-
ity, and that, jf that were properly adjusted, we
thought minor matters would arrange themselves,
we proposed, through the member from Arkan-
sas, a proposition of adjustment which, while a
large conccssion on our pait, was one the North
might acccde to with honor, and the pride of all
sections be saved.
It was gratifying to find that the venerable and
distinguished Senator from Kentucky had, in the
series of resolutions offered by him in the Senate,
fallen upon the same plan of adjustment. It was
especially gratifying to find that the sentiment of
the whole country rapidly concentrated upon it.
It was proposed in committee on the 10th day of
December. Although.we pressed a vote upon it;
although we urged the rapid approximation of the
crisis upon the country, and declared that the
anxiety and solicitude of our constituents were
great and urgent, and that, for many reasons, it
was desirable to have upon it speedy action, for
some cause or other—I will not say pretext or pre-
tense—day after day dragged their weary length
along; the time of the committee, precious as it was,
was consumed in the discussion of abstract prop-
ositions, or m the arrangement of another matter,
about which there wan 110 insuperable difference of
opinion. It was not until the 27th day of Decem-
ber that a vote was forced upon it, resulting in
the negativing of the proposition by the unani-
mous voices of the Republican members.
Sir, we deemed this a great concession of our
legal and constitutional rights. Under the decision
of the Supreme Court in the Drcd Scott case, we
were assured of our right to take our slaves into
all of the common territory of the States. We
proposed to surrender that right above the par-
allel of 36° 30', by an absolute constitutional pro-
hibition, reserving only protection to our property
below—such protection as would be afforded to
yours, and that, too, in a section in which you
yourselves thought the insti tution of slavery could
never obtain a permanent footing. You say this
was no concession, for that slavery, by the law
of nature and of climate, could never exist above
that parallel. Be it so. Why, then, refuse aeon-
cession, if you choose so to call it, or if we choose
so to call it, that could never, according to your
own declared opinions, contribute to that state of
things which you so much deprecate-—the exten-
sion of the area of slavery? Would you refuse to
hfnl the wounds from which the body-politic now
suffers? Would you refuse to maintain theUnion,
to which you sing daily peans? Would you refuse
to your brethren of the South, mad, insane, and
excited as you deem them, the poor pittance of an
abstraction which might soothe them into quiet?
Not so. You are eminently a practical people.
The cause lies deeper than that.
On the other hand, you say slavery can never
go to New Mexico, and that we stand upon an
abstraction. Butconsider. Wemaintainourright
to carry our slaves there. It is a fancied or real
right. If the former, you admit it can do you no
harm: cannot affect your policy or effect ours. If
real, then the deprivation of it is to us a great
wrong; and, according to our notions, the sun-en- !
der of it on our part, and the prohibition of it upon I
yours, would reduce us to the condition of a de-
graded people, and work a forfeiture of "our own
self-respect. Nay, to make this proposition less
distasteful to you, we consulted your prejudices,
and proposed to clothe the amendment to tKe Con-
stitution in the language that the instrument now
uses. This view of it was forcibly pressedupon
you by the distinguished gentleman from "Vir-
ginia, but without avail. It shared the like fate
with the orginal proposition,
I may add, Mr. Speaker, before passing away
from the subject of the action of the committee,
that, failing in the proposition of Mr. Rust, and
successi vely in those of the patriotic member from
Tennessee [Mr. Nelson]' afid of Mr. Critten-
den, all the southern members, with a single ex-
ception, sustained the movement of the member
from California [Mr. Burgh] for calling a con-
vention of the States. It met no favor from the
Republican members; but, on the other hand,
after an incubation of some six weeks, the con-
sultations of the committee ushered into existence
this miserable abortion which you are now con-
sidering. I may safely say that perhaps no single
proposition received the majority vote of the com*
mittec; and, strange to say, a motion to recommend
the series to the House for adoption signally failed.
Upon the whole, when these proceedings come
to be reviewed hereafter, it will be pronounced
that every fair, liberal, and enlarged concession
had been tendered by southern Representatives,
not one of which was met in a corresponding spirit
of liberality.
The Republican members declared their settled
purpose to refuse any adjustment of this question
by constitutional amendment, and some wonder
was expressed at our persistence in demanding
that mode. Could we do otherwise, when we re-
membered that the Dred Scott decision was held
not to be law by you ? And that from high quar-
ters, there had been announced in high places the
determination to seize available opportunities to
reorganize the Supreme Court, so as to sccure a
reversal ofitsjudgmentsand restrictions. Besides,
our constituents demanded, and rightly demanded,
a settlement, final, forever, and irreversible, of
this vexed question; one that would remove it from
the halls of this Capitol, and from the political
arena, to the end that peace hereafter mignt reign
within our borders.
To the objection urged, that the resolutions of
amendment professed to cover not only the pres-
ent, but all future acquisitions, it was offered on
our part to accompany it with the prohibition of
any future acquisition, unless by treaty confirmed
by a two-thirds vote in both Houses of Congress.
As the northern section of the Union has in both
branches a decidcd and rapidly increasing pre-
ponderancy, that subject necessarily, for all time,
would be under your control.
JBut you proposed the crection of all the terri-
tory into two States. Without stopping to show
that as an original proposition, totally discon-
nected with thepolitical question, expediency and
justice to the great States should forbid the intro-
duction of anew State with a population of ninety-
two thousand, and an area of more than three
hundred thousand square miles, its inhabitants
generally ignorant of our laws and our language,
upon an equal footing with them, it is sufficient
to say that the proposition, in the opinion of a
majority of the southern members, was wholly
inadmissible. There arc about a score of slaves
in New Mexico. You had no assurance that she
would make a constitution recognizing slavery,
much less could you impose such constitution
upon her. You called upon us to surrender our
right to the whole of the Territories, upon the
barren condition of permitting, by«a fresh enact-
ment, New Mexico to do that which, by her or-
ganic law, you already assured to her; and the
security to us for the concession we were called
upon to make, wus the bare possibility that she
might, by her consutution,permit that to be done,
against which you declared nature and climate
and soil and circumstances had pronpunccd.
Believing the question of equality in the Terri-
