42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
36th Cons...".2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
you acknowledge that you have no power to in-
terfere as the Constitution now stands? The fact
that you propose to give the assurance on the one
point ana peremptorily refuse to give it on the
others, seems to authorize the presumption that
you do intend to use the powers of the Fedferal
Government for the purpose of direct interference
with slavery and the slave trade everywhere else,
with the view to its indirecteffects upon slavery in
the States; or, in the language of Mr. Lincoln,
with ,the view of its " ultimate extinction in all the
§feates,oldaswell as new, north as well as south."
4 .If you had exhausted you ingenuity in devis-
ing a plan for the express purpose of increasing
the apprehensions and inflaming the passions of
the southern people, with'the view of driving them
into revolution and disunion, none could have
been contrived better calculated to accomplish the
object than the offering of that one amendment to
the Constitution, and rejecting all others which
are infinitely more important to the safety and
domestic tranquillity of the slaveholding Suites.
In my opinion, we have now reached a point
where this agitation must closes and all the mat-
ters in controversy be finally determined by con-
stitutional amendments, or civil war and the dis-
ruption of the Union are inevitable. My friend
from Oregon, [Mr. Baker,] who has addressed
the Senate for the last two days, will fail in his
avowed purpose to 44 evade'5 the question, lie
claims to be liberal and conservative; and i must
confcss that lie seems the most liberal of any
gentleman on that side of the Chamber, always
excepting the noble and patriotic speech of the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon;] and the
utmost extent to which the Senator from Oregon
would consent to go, was to devise a scheme
by which the real question at issue could be
evaded.
1 regret the determination, to which I appre-
hend the Republican Senatois have conic, to make
no adjustment, entertain no proposition, and
listen to no compromise of the matters in contro-
versy.
I fear, from all the indications, that they arc dis-
Eosed to treat the matter as a party question, to
e determined in caucus with reference to its
effects upon the prospects of their party, rather
than upon the peace of the country and the safety
of the Union. I invoke their deliberate judgment
whether it is riot a dangerous experiment forany
political party to demonstrate to the Amencdti
people that the unity of their party is denier to
them than the Union of these States. The argu-
ment is, that the Chicago^platform having been
ratified by the people in a majority of the States
must be maintained at all hazards, no matter what
the consequences to the country. I insist that
they are mistaken in the fact when they assert
that this question was decided by the Ameiican
people in the late election. The American people
nave not decided that they preferred the disi upturn
of this Government, and civil war with all its hoi-
rors and miseries, to surrendering one iota of the
Chicago platform. If you believe that the people
are with you on this issue, let the question he sub-
mitted to the people on the proposition offered by
the Senator from Kentucky, or mine, or any other
fair compromise, and I will venture the prediction
that your own people will ratify the proposed
amendments to the Constitution, in order to take
this slavery agitation out of Congress, and re-
store peace to the country, and insure the perpe-
tuity of the Union.
Why not give the people a chance? It is an
important crisis. There is now a different issue
presented from that in the presidential election. I
have no doubt that the people of Massachusetts,
by an overwhelming majority, are in favor of a
prohibition of slavery in the Territories by an act
of Congress. An overwhelming majority of the
same people were in favor of the instant prohibi-
tion of the African slave trade, on moral and re-
ligious grounds, when the Constitution was made.
When they found that the Constitution could not
be adoptedand the Union preserved, withoutsur-
rendenng their objectionson the slavery question,
they, in the spirit of patriotism and of Christian
feeling, preferred the lesser evil to the greater, and
ratified the Constitution without theirfavonte pro-
vision in regard to slavery. Give them a chance
to decide now between the ratification of these
proposed amendments to the Constitution and the
consequences which your policy will inevitably
produce.
Why not allow the people to pass on these ques-
tions? All we have to do is to submit them to
the States. If the people reject them, theirs will
be the responsibility, and no harm will have been
done by the reference. If they accept them, the
country will be safe, and at peace. The political
party which shall refuse to allow the people to
determine for themselves at the ballot-box the
issue between revolution and war on the one side,
and obstinate adherence to a party platform on the
other, will assume a fearful responsibility. A
war upon a political issue, waged by the people
of eighteen Slates against the people and domestic
institutions of fifteen sister States, is a fearful and
revolting thought. The South will be a unit, and
desperate, under the belief that your object in
waging war is their destruction, and not the pres-
ervation of the Union; that you meditate servile
insurrection, and the abolition of slavery in the
southern States, by fire and sword, in the name
and under pretext of enforcing the laws and vin-
dicating the authority of the Government. You
know that such is the prevailing, and, I may say,
unanimous opinion at the South; and that ten
million people are preparing for the terrible con-
flict under that conviction.
When there is wueh an irrepressible discontent
pervading ten million people, penetrating the
bosom of every man, woman, and child, and, m
their estimation, invoivin^everything that is val-
uable and dear on earth, is it not time to pause
and reflect whether there is not some cause, real
or imaginary, for apprehension? if there be a
just cause for it, m God's name, in the name of
humanity and civilization, let it be removed.
Will we not be guilty, in the sight of Heaven
and of posterity, if we do not remove all just
cause before proceeding to extremities? If, on
the contrary, there be no real foundation for
these apprehensions?; if it be all a mistake, and
yet they, believing it to be a solemn reality, arc
determined to act on that belief, is it not equally
our duty to remove the misapprehension ? Hence
the obligation to remove the causes of discontent,
whether real or imaginary, is alike imperative
upon us, if we wish to preserve the peace of the
country and the Union of the States.
it maLtois not, so far as the peace of the coun-
try and the preservation of the Union are con-
cerned, wlietherthoapprehensions of the southern
people are well founded or not, so long as they
believe them, and ate determined to act upon that
belief. If war comes, it must have an end at some
time; and that termination, I apprehend, will be
a final separation. Whether the war last one year,
seven years, or thirty years, the result must be
the same—a cessation of hostilities when the
parties become exliausted, and a treaty of peace
recognizing the separate independence of each
section. The history of the woild does not fur-
nish an instance, where war has raged for a series
of years between two classes of States, divided by
a geographical line under the sumo national Gov-
ernment, which has ended in reconciliation and
reunion. Extermination, subjugation, or separa-
tion, one of the three, must be the result of war
between the northern and southern States. Surely,
you do not expect to exterminate or subjugate
ten million people, the enure population of one
section, as a means of preserving amicable rela-
tions between the two sections !
I repeat, then, my solemn conviction, that war
means disunion—final, irrevocable, eternal sepa-
ration. I see no alternative, therefore, but a fair
compromise, founded on the basis of mutual con-
cessions, alike honorable, just,'and beneficial to
all parties, or civil war and disunion. Is there
anything humiliating in a fair compromise of
conflicting interests, opinions, and theories, for
the sake of peace, union, and safety? Read the
debates of the Federal convention, which formed
our glorious Constitution, and you will find noble
examples, worthy of imitation; instances where
sages and patriots were willing to surrender cher-
ished theories and principles of government, "be-
lieved to be essential to the best form of society,
for the sake of peace and unity.
I never understood that wise and good men
ever regarded mutual concessions by such men
as Washington, Madison, Franklin, and Hamil-
ton, as evidences of weakness, cowardice, or want
of patriotism. On the contrary, this spirit of
conciliation and compromise has ever been con-
sidered, and will in all time be regarded as the
highest evidence which their great deeds and im-
mortal services ever furnished of their patriotism,
wisdom, foresight, and devotion to their country
and their race. Can we not afford to imitate then-
example in this momentous crisis ? Are we to be
told that we must not do our duty to our country
lest we injure the party; that no compromise can
be effected without violating the party platform
upon which we were elected ? Better that all party
platforms be scattered to the winds; better that
all political organizations be broken up; better
thatevery public man and politician in America bo
consigned to political martyrdom, than that the
Union be destroyed and the country plunged into
civil war.
It seems that party platforms, pride of opinion,
personal consistency, fear of political martyrdom,
are the only obstacles to a satisfactory adjustment.
Have \ve nothing else to live for but political po-
sition ? Have we no other inducement, no other
incentive to our efforts, our toils, and our sacri-
fices? Most of us have children, the objects of
our tenderest affections and deepest solicitude,
whom we hope to leave behind us to enjoy the
rewards of our labors in a happy, prosperous,
and united country, under the best Government
the wisdom of man ever devised or the sun of
heaven ever shone upon. Can we make no con-
cessions, no sacrifices, for the sake of our children,
that they may have a country to live in, and a
Government to protect them, when party platforms
and political honors shall avail us nothing in the
day of final reckoning?
In conclusion, I have only to renew the assur-
ance that I am prepared to cooperate cordially
with the friends of a fair, just, and honorable
compromise, in securing such amendments to the
Constitution as will expel the slavery agitation
from Congress and the arena of Federal politics
fouler,and restore peace to the country,and pre-
serve our liberties and Union as the most precious
legacy we can tiansmit to our posterity.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES HARLAN,
OF IOWA,
Ik tiie Senate, January 11, 1861.
The Senate having under consideration the resolution
ofioe'd liy Mi. IiuNTnit,on the 2d of January,for the retro-
cession of the feats, uisenab. magazines, and dock-yaids of
the United States, to the States in which they he, when
those States, by a regular convention of the people, ex-
pie^s a de>iie foi thoin—
Mr. IIARLAN said:
Mr. President: I would most willingly do
anything 111 my power, which an honorable man
could do, to allay the commotion which surrounds
us. The first pertinent inquiry presented is, what
is Us cause? The Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Clay] furnishes a laconic reply. In a recent let-
ter,dated at NewOrleans,and addressed to friends
in {South Carolina, the Senator remarks of the peo-
ple of the free States of the Union:
"They are the most hitter, relentless, and vindictive
enemies we have on eaith." * * * * "Of
course, we cannot live under the same Government with
tlicrfo people, unless we could control it."
We must control! Wemustgovern the North
—the North must obey! The minority must
govern the majority ! Is not this the key to the
solution of all our difficulties ? And we have had
this doctrine amply illustrated in the speech of the
Senator who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Hun-
ter.] After informing us that the Republican
parly had inarched into power over the fragments
of a broken Constitution, he himself proposes
radical changes in that Constitution, which, ac-
cording to his own statement, would convert this
Government into anew confederation of States,
securing to the minority the power to control it.
Whatever may be pretended to the contrary,
the real grievance inflicted on " the South by tfie
North," is the invitation extended to the southern
Democracy, on the 6th day of last November, to
