1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
allegation, as is manifested in the enlarged de-
mands made for changes in the Constitution to
increase the power of minorities.
But you say that you are denied, by the theory
of the policy of the Republican party, equality
in the Territories; But the States, as States, can
never appear in the Territories. They have no
means of setting up a jurisdiction in the Terri-
tories. They cannot transfer their sovereignty
outside of their own limits. But you may say that
each State should have an equal right to transmit
its citizens to the Territories. Why, sir, nothing
can be more fallacious. A citizen of a State, when
he becomes a citizen of a Territory, loses his cit-
izenship in the State from which he has migrated.
A resident in Nebraska, or Kansas, or New Mex-
ico, or Washington Territory, having emigrated
from any one of the States of this Confederacy,
loses his citizenship by virtue of that transit; and
so completely is it lost that he no longer has the
power to maintain a suit in the Federal courts
against a citizen of a State. By that residence
and citizenship in the Territory he is barred the
right to assert his citizenship in the State which
he has left. Nor can the States appear in the
Territories by their laws. The laws of the several
States have no force outside of their State limits.
If then, Mr. President, the States cannot ap-
pear in theTerntoriesper.se, nor by their citi-
zens, nor by their laws, i inquire in what sense
this demand for equality is made. When stripped
of sophistry, it means that Congress shall enact
laws f--r the Territories authorizing one class of
their residents to hold another class in servitude;
or, at least, that no law shall be enacted restrain-
ing men from holding others as slaves. Unless
this be done, you complain that your people in
the slave States are deprived of a right of emi-
gration to the common domain. It would be vir-
tually, you say, giving up all the public domain
to the people of the North. Now, on examina-
tion, it will appear thai this is equally untrue
with the other assumption. Of the ten million
people that were residing in the slave States in
1850, I inquire what one would be inhibited from
emigration by the policy of the Republican party
if carried out by the Federal Government? Not
one. Of the four million Africans, not one would
be inhibited. Of the five and a half millions non-
slave-holders, none would be inhibited; nor of the
half million slaveholders themselves.
But we were told to-day that this policy of inhib-
iting by indirect means the emigration of negroes
to the new Territories, while the white popula-
tion would spontaneously emigrate, would greatly
diminish the relative number of white people in
the slave States, and increase the relative number
of the servile population, until that population
would so far predominate as to enable them to
degrade the white people to the condition of the
negro, and would remit the negro to his original
condition of barbarism. Now, sir, in connection
with this allegation, allow me to advert to the fact
which was proclaimed on this Senate floor but
t^n years since, by the great men that then adorned
this body—Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, and Mr.
Webster, of Massachusetts—that slavery was
even then barred from all the territories acquired
from Mexico, by an irrepealableenactment of the
Almighty in the formation of the soil and fixing
the climate of those regions; and you admit its
truth. You admit that it would be but a barren
right; that the migration of slaves in any con-
siderable number to the territory has already been
barred by a higher law than man is capable of
enacting. Then, if the grievous consequences to
which the honorable Senator from Virginia re-
ferred would flow from the policy of the Repub-
lican party, they are inevitable, and no change of j
the Constitution of the United States can avert
this result. Thesober,second thought,however,
of the people residing in the slave States will con-
vince them of the incorrectness of the deduction of
the Senator. You have now, according to the
reccnt census, we were told to-day, tweh e million
people, and a territory capable of sustaining two
hundred million at least. Hence there would
appear to be practically but little danger from the
increase of the number of slaves, for many years
to come.
You say, however, when this fallacy is exposed,
that you do not oppose the policy of the Repub-
lican party in consequence of any practical disad-
vantages, bat because it is a badge of dishonor to
prohibit, the migration of slaves to the free Territo-
ries. My only reply to this—and I trust it will be
regarded as a. sufficient answer—is: it was not thus
regarded by the fathers of the Republic. They
inaugurated this policy, and never dreamed that
they were humiliating themselves in the face of
the world. Then, if it did not disgrace a Wash-
ington, nor a. Jefferson, nor a Madison, nor their
descendants down to the year 1854, I deny that
it is a badge of dishonor now. If this policy did
not dishonor the fathers, it will not disgrace the
sons.
I leave this branch of the subject with one in-
quiry: how will this complaint read on the page
of future history ? The lowest of your people in
the slave States when they migrate to the Terri-
tories are to be protected by the laws in the en-
joyment of their natural rights; and it is of that
protection that you complain. Why, sir, if any
one of the meanest people that live within the
limits of any State should receive injustice within
the jurisdiction of a foreign Power, it would be
just cause or complaint; but how would this na-
tion appear in the face of the world in complain-
ing that foreign jurisdictions protect our citizens.
Whtnrobbed of its sophistry, this is the substance
of the complaint. And you declare your purpose
to encounter civil war on this account. On this
subject, Mr. Clay once said—and I commend it
to tho serious consideration of secession Senators
on the other side of the Chamber:
"But if, unhappily, wo should be involved in war, in
civil war, between the two pints of tins Confedeiaey, m
which the oll'ort upon tin' one side should he torestiatn the
iutioiliK'tion oi' Maveiy into the new Teuitoues, and upon
the other side To torce its introduction there, what a spec-
tacle should we present to the astonishment of mankind,
in an effort, not to propagate riajlit, but—1 mu«t say it,
though I tiust it will be unden-tood to be und with no
de^ij.'!i to excite feeling—a war to propagate wiong in the
territories thus aequned from Mexico, it would he a war
in which we should have no sympathies, no good wt-he* ;
in whirl) fill mankind would he against ns ; for from the
commencement of the Revolution down to the present
time, we have constantly repioached our British ancestors
for the introduction of t-lavery into this country."—Con-
gressional Globe, part I, vol^22, page 117.
1 inquire, Mr. President, in the next place,
how will secession, and possibly a dreadful civil
war, cure any of the alleged evils to which I have
alluded, and the long catalogue added to-day by
the Senator from Virginia? In what way will a
dissolution of the Union enable you to recapture
your runaway slaves ? It would destroy your
redress under the Constitution; and by the law
of nations you have no redress. Would it re-
peal the personal liberty bills of which complaint
is sometimes made? Would civil war and seces-
sion prevent in the future the election of a sec-
tional candidate by the people of the free States?
Would it prevent agihttion of the subject of sla-
very within the limits of the free States? Would
it pre veil t on ybody from hating slavery ? Would
it give you the control of the local Legislatures of
the free States, and secure the passage of laws to
allow yon to hold slaves for temporary purposes
within their jurisdictions? Would it give you
the power to establish slavery in the Territories ?
Every one, as seems to me, must answer each
and all of these inquiries in the negative.
These complaints, therefore, coming from that
pai t of the Chamber, sound to mc like more pre-
texts. Tlicy are not the reasons of the bluster
and threats and menace which resound through
this Chamber. There is a reason, however,
which justifies itself by every historical par-
allel. You have governed this country for the
last sixty years. You have controlled its legis-
lation; you have controlled its judiciary; you
have con trolled its internal policy; you have con-
trolled its foreign relations; you have grown
haughty, proud, and—I say it without intending
offense—insolent. Being accustomed to com-
mand, you have forgotten how to obey Al-
though you have been faiily beaten at the polls,
you refuse to yn-ld the Government into the hands
of your constitutional successors. You demand
that the victors shall adopt your party dogmas
and ynur party platforms as their policy, or
you Will rob thein of all the fruits of victory.
You propose to adopt the Mexican policy—when
vanquished at the polls to appeal to arms; to
abandon the peaceful policy adopted by your
fathers, of settling questions by majorities, ac-
cording to law. You prefer the hazard, to'say
the least, of settling them upon the battle-field.
If any one could doubt on this subject, an ex-
amination of the terms of redress proposed by the
vanquished party will dissipate that delusion.
Every proposition includes as its cardinal meas-
ure an abandonment of their principles by the
Republicans, and, I may add, the Douglas party,
ana the adoption of the principles incorporated
in the platform of the Breckinridge party and in
the Senate resolutions which passed this body at
the last session of Congress.
The radical difference between the Republican
party and the Douglas wing of the Democratic
party—or the northern Democracy, as it is some-
times styled—on the one hand, and the southern
Democracy on the other, pertains to the right to
exclude slavery from the Territories. The Re-
publicans maintained that slavery could be right-
fully and constitutionally excluded either by Con-
gress or by the Territorial Legislatures. The
northern Democracy, who chiefly voted for Mr.
Douglas, maintained that slavery could be right-
fully and constitutionally excluded by the Tei**
ritorial Legislatures only. The Republicans and
northern Democracy differed from each other in
regard to the means to be employed to effect this
end; but they agreed on the great principle of the
right, under the Constitution of the United States,
to,exclude it. The southern Democracy, which
chiefly cast its vote for Hon. J. C. Breckinridge
and the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,]
adopted the opposing doctrine. I cannot state
their position more clearly than by repeating the
language of these eminent gentlemen m their let-
ters accepting the nominations.
Mr. Breckinridge said:
" The citizens of the States may enter the Territories of
the Union with their property, ot whatever kind, and enjoy
it during the territorial condition without let or lunderance,
either by Congress or by the suboidmate terutonal govern-
ments."
Mr. Lane said:
"Non-intervention on the subject of slavery may em-
phatically say, is the cardinal maxim of the Democracy—
non-intervention by Congress and non-intervention by Ter-
ritorial Legislatures, as is fully stated by the first resolution
of the platform as adopted. If the Constitution establishes
the right of every citizen to enter the common Territories
with whatever pioperty he legally possesses, it necessarily
devolves on the Federal Government the duty to protect
tins right of the eituen whenever oi wherever assailed or
infringed."
On this subjcct the issue was fairly joined.
There was no equivocation. The Senator from
Mississippi, not now in his seat, [Mr. Brown,]
stated on this floor, that on that side they neither
desired to cheat nor to be cheated. The people
have dccidod against you by a majority unparal-
leled in the history of this Government. The vote
cast for Mr. Douglas was over one million. His
friends claim for him four fifths of the votes cas*
for the fusion ticket in New York, Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and Texas, which would increase the
number of ballots cast for him to one and a half
million. The votes cast for Mr. Lincoln amounted
to one million eight hundred and seventy thousand;
and if you add the vote cast for Mr. Breckinridge
and Mr. Bell, and their fair proportion of the fu-
sion vote, as stated by the northern Democracy,
their vote will not amount to more than one and
a half million: one and a half million on the one
side, and three million three hundred and seventy
thousand on the other, of this great issue of prin-
ciple—the right to exclude slavery from the Ter-
ritories belonging to the Republic. Being thus
overwhelmed, you have not the grace to yield to
the will of the majority like good citizens, and
four years hence go to the polls for the redress of
any of the errors that, in your opinion, the peo-
ple may have committed; but you rebel against
the Government you have sworn to support. You
go home, and by letters and speeches to your
constituencies, misrepresenting the principles of
the Republican party, stir up insurrection and
incipient civil war; and in the midst of the strife
which your own hands have stirred up, you, the
vanquished, a small minority, come to the victors,
and propose, as terms of peace and compromise,
that they shall surrender to you at discretion; that
they shall trample under footthe principles which
the people have approved, and adopt your plat-
form, and your party dogmas, which the people
