1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•who is entitled to the floor, yields it, it is compe-
tent for any member to move an adjournment.
Mr. SICKLES. If my colleague yields the
floor, docs ho not yield it absolutely?
The SPEAKERproiempore. The Chairunder-
stands that it has been the practice of the House for
gentlemen to yield the floor for motions to adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. I was told yesterday that, if I
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] I must yield it absolutely.
Mr. DAWES. The motion to adjourn is not
debatable.
Mr. McKEAN. My colleague yielded the floor;
and before any objection was made, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts moved an adjournment.
[Shouts of." Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a point of
order. It is this: it is competent for the gentle-
man from New York to yield the floor, but he
cannot yield it upon a contract or bargain en-
titling him to resume it in the morning. If he
yields it at all, lie must yield it absolutely.
Mr. DAWES. He did not yield the floorupon
any intimation from me that it was my purpose
to move to adjourn. I asked him to yield the
floor to me for a moment, observing that there
was no quorum here. I conceived it to be my
right to call the attention of the Chair to that fact,
i did call the attention of the Chair to it, and then
I moved to adjourn.
Mr. McCLERNAND. There is no disagree-
ment, then, between the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts and myself. According to his own state-
ment, the gentleman from New York has yielded
the floor absolutely.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
sires to state that the fact has not yet come to the
knowledge of the Chair that the gentleman from
New York yields the floor. The Chair propounds
the question to the gentleman from New York:
does he yield the floor?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. And now weenter
an objection to his yielding it, unless he yields it
unconditionally.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I did not yield the floor
unconditionally by any means. I yielded it to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. According to the
rules, the floor cannot be yielded conditionally.
It has been the practice of the House, however,
for a gentleman having the floor at a late hour of
the day, to yield itfor the purpose of an adjourn-
ment. But if objection is made to a gentleman
yielding the floor, the rule is, that if he does so,
he does it unconditionally, and waives his right
to the floor.
Mr. GOOCH. Now, I want the point of order
which I raised decided. It is this: that my col-
league asked the gentleman from New York to
yield the floor; he did yield it; no objection was
made; and rny colleague moved to adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRAN E. Oh, we have rubbed
all that out, and begun again. [Laughter.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. We plead the statute
of limitations against that.
Mr. GOOCH. Such is the fact.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair was
not aware that that was the fact.
Mr. DAWES. I stated it to the Chair more
than once. I want to know of the Chair now
•whether I can be recognized by the Chair when
I make a motion in order? If the House does not
want to adjourn, they need not adjourn; but I have
n right to make a motion to adjourn, and to have
that motion put. [Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not when an-
other gentleman has the floor.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New York
yielded the floor to me at the outset, and I made
the motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Van Wyes] yield the
floor"'
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I objecMo his
yielding.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I have already yielded
the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then, if the gen-
tleman says he does not yield the floor, he .will
proceed.
Mr. GOOCH. He says no such thing.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I did not say that.
Mr. DAWES Is such a thing as an appeal
from the decision of the Chair in order? [Shouts
of" Order!"] I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. I am not aware
that the Chair has made any decision.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope my col-
league will be allowed to go on now.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman fromi New York
does not desire to go on now, my confcague [Mr.
Howard] is willing to proceed.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I am willing to go
on now, for the reason that I desire to leave the
city to-morrow.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from New York yield to the gentleman from
Ohio ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I shall object to
his yielding the floor.
Mr. GOOCH. I rise to the point that there is
no quorum present.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman has not the
floor to make any such point. /
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gpfitlcman
from New York will proceed.
Mr. VAN WYCK. This week completes the
nineteenth anniversary of one of the most exciting
scenes witnessed iu the American Congress. Oil
the 25th day of January, 1842, John duincy Ad-
ams introduced the petition of forty-five citizens
of Haverhill, Massachusetts, praying for a peace-
able dissolution of the United States. Desiring
that the right of petition should be recognized, he
moved its reference to a committee, with instruc-
tions to report against its prayer. He, with nearly
the entire North and South, was opposed to dis-
solution. For a few years previous to that time,
by reason of the cxcitement with England and
her colonies, and other causes, the slavery agita-
tion was deeper and more intense than at any pe-
riod in the history of our country. The very men
who then could not find words sufficiently strong
to anathematize those they called traitors, now
seem to be courting a traitor's doom, and madly
rioting in a traitor's saturnalia. The folly of
Abolitionists did not force the South into treason
against God and man. Efforts were then being
made to abolish slavery in the dock-yards, arse-
nals, and District of Columbia. Personal liber-
ty bdls existed in many of the States; New York
had passed one in ] 840. Henry A. Wise then pre-
dicted, with as much hope of fulfillment as most
of your prophesies at this time, that in ten years
a black Representative would appear in the na-
tional Legislature. All the evils which you now
lament existed then, and the permanency ofyour
institutions in more jeopardy. Since that time,
Florida has been added to the galaxy; Texas has
been bought and acquired and surrendered to sla-
very; California was obtained, and the consti-
tution of a sovereign people placed on her mount-
ains and valleys the royal robe of free labor, and
planted on her brow the diadem of liberty; New
Mexico has been acquired, and that immense
Territory, larger than the original thirteen States,
you have been suffered to dedicate to the " pecu-
liar institution." Three fourths of the territory
acquired since 1842 has been surrendered to sla-
very; and slave property has been steadily in-
creasing in numbers and value. In 1850, a more
stringent slave law was given to appease your
growing demands.
Why, with no greater cause of complaint, were
your people then so strongly attached to the
Union ? Why did you then deny the power in
Congress or the States to dissolve it? If the
Union was an indissoluble bond then, why not
now?
The position we occupy on the slavery ques-
tion, and the policy of the Government as to the
Territories, is the same held by the fathers of the
Republic, nearly all the statesmen of the South,
and the Democratic party down to 1848. Because
we entertain those views and believe in that pol-
icy, and for no other reason, political incendiaries
would trample upon the flag and burn the temple
of freedom.
On the question of dissolution we now stand
where the people of the South and the Democratic
party stood in 1842. Shall we now hesitate to
stand like men where they proudly stood? And
if fall we must, will it not be some consolation to
fall amid such splendid ruins, because it will bo
amid the wreck of your fathers' policy and your
own we will be ingulfed? The Abolitionists,of
the North claimed to be oppressed in 1842, be-
cause Congress had spumed the right .of petition.
Did you propose a great national committee- to
bargain a truce with traitors, by a barter and be-
trayal of principle ? To some of the men who are
now reeking with treason and conspiring against
the freedom of man, a reference to their past ac'U
and declarations might be of pro.fit. . ' "
When the petition referred to was presented.,
Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, asked " If it was in
order to burn the petition in presence of tiro
House."
Mr. Wise, of Virginia, asked " If it was in
order to move to censure any member presenting
such a petition, and to move that the House do
now proceed to inquire whether a member has
offered such a petition to this body, and to proceed
accordingly."
Mr. Merriwether, of Georgia, " Did not think
that such a petition should be allowed to come
within the wails of this House."
Mr. Campbell, of South Carolina, "E>id net
think that a petition of such a character should be
thus lightly passed over."
Mr. Gilmer, of Virginia, resolved:
"That, tn piesenting to the cotisideiationpf this House
a petition for a dissolution of tho Union, the'mcmber from
Massachusetts (Mr. Adams) has justly incurred the ecu-
sure of tins House."
Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, moved the follow-
ing resolution:
" Whereas the Federal Constitution is a 'permanent form
of Government and of perpetual obligation, until altered or
modified in the mode pointed out in that instrument." *
* * * '• A. proposition, theretore, to dissolve the
oiganic law, is n direct piuposition to each member to com -
mtt perjury, and involves the crime of high treason;" *
* * "is a wound at the Constitution, the ex-
istence of the country, and the liberties of the people of
these States."
" It struck him with horror, it stupefied him;
he had not believed it possible that there could be
men wild enough in the country, and mad enough,
to make a proposition that the Government of the
United States should terminate its own existence,
and then to submit it to the members of that
House, inviting them to commit perjury or moral
treason." "Coming from any quarter, it was
sacrilege. The Union was the only means of
safety mid liberty."
Mr. Wise asked for a voice from the tombs—
that the Farewell Address of Washington might
be heard. After extracts were read, he said " that
the anti-slavery party was againsL the Govern-
ment; was ail English party. Yes, while the Eng-
lish Abolitionists were moving on Jamaica, and
contemplating to make their next demonstration
on Cuba; while they were establishing lines of a
commercial marine, connecting England and the
West Indies with this country, and thus opening
the way for a military marine to follow, which,
at the first sound of the toscin, would pour in
armies of trained free blacks upon the whole
South, this proposition to dissolve the Union was
simultaneously brought forward." Can any ardent
southerner present so formidable a list of griev-
ances now? "And how happened it that men,
who held these sentiments, should be found bring-
ing forward Tory plans for upturning the Gov-
ernment ?" " It was a British abolition disunion
party." Speaking of Mr Adams's motion to ic-
port against the petition, he adds: " What did
that amount to? No more than this, that it was
not expedient to dissolve the Union just at this
time; not yet; not now. They had not yet lost
all their love for that Union recommended by the
Father of his Country." " This very ex-Pres-
ident was the vfty man who, for the first time,
invited the Congress of the United States to re-
ceive, discuss, deliberate upon, a proposition to
break the union of the States. It pointed to that
which, should God spare liis life, he expected to
witness before ten years passed over his head—
the election of a black Representative to a seat on
that floor. English influence at home and abroad
was in league to dissolve this Union." " Go on;
you shall have your reward. Go on with this,
your moral treason, and carry it so far as to come
within Chief Justice Marshall's decision in Burr's
case; and you shall get your hemp. There were
no dissolutionists in his section of the country.
If they dared to show their faces in his section,
they would meet with a very speedy and a very
summary disposal." So spoke Henry A. Wise,
