mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
flow one of the leaders of this organized armed
rebellion.
Mr. Underwood, of Kentucky, said: "They
had no right to dissolve this Union; but were
bound to sustain it. Because he knew that to dis-
solve the bonds of this Union, and separate the
different States composing this Confederacy, mak-
ing the Ohio river the line, and Mason and Dix-
on's line the boundary, he know, as soon as that
•was done, slavery was done in Kentucky,Mary-
land, and a large portion of Virginia, and it would
extend to all the States south of this line. The
dissolution of the Union was the dissolution of
slavery."
Mr. Botts, in his remarks, stated that a similar
resolution, some three or four years ago, was pro-
pared by a member from South Carolina. Mr.
William Butler, of that State, desired to know to
whom he referred; he replied Mr. Rhett. Mr.
Rhett then disclaimed any serious intention in the
resolution, that" he only proposed itas an amend-
ment to a proposition to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia; that ho had no expectation
of passing it or taking a vote on it."
South Carolina talks very much of status quo
just now. What was her status quo in 1842 ?
Mr. Marshall further said: " You may dissolve
—God in his mercy forfend that you ever should.
But you will never do it but by force. Never !
Never!" "Will they tell the American people
that the people of Massachusetts have a right to
dissolve their Union ? It is the detestation of the
South to abolition that makesher a unionist. And
it is the love of the North for abolition that has
brought her in favor of dissolution." " Itgoes be-
yond southern nullifiers. The convention that sat
at Columbia never took the ground that Congress
had power to dissolve the Union."
Our case is here fully made out, and the argu-
ment exhausted. Your own men have proved
that neither Congress nor the States can dissolve
this Union, save by force; and when you have
already commenced that process, you leave us
only one course—to oppose force by force. Yon
have driven us to the wall; and we will not, we
cannot, surrender. We are told that a removal
of the cause of danger will produce peace. But
what is the cause? You say slavery agitation.
In that you stop one degree short of the real cause
—which is slavery itself. Now, will you exer-
cise an enlarged patriotism by removing the cause
of danger? You may have an open powder mag-
azine on a public thoroughfare of the world. Will
you quarrel with every traveler who carries a
lighted taper whenever his convenience or wants
require ? Better close your deadly magazine, and
remove it from the tread of men. We do not ask
this. We only insist that you shall not with it
curse the common Territories of the nation. You
do not pretend that your institution is endangered
in the Stales. True, you sometimes lament about
personal liberty bills, and the tardy execution of
the fugitive slave law.
The attempted prohibition of slavery in the Ter-
ritories is the real cause of complaint. The con-
dition of all the Territories we now own is settled,
and we had hoped the inordinate desire to plun-
der our weak neighbors was subdued. But, mark
what the Vice President, and one of the defeated
candidates for the Presidency, in a letter to the
Governor of Kentucky, January C, 1861, says:
"The Southern States cannot afford to be shut
off from all possibility of expansion towards the
tropies by the hostile action of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Let us not be deceived; this key un-
locks the southern mind and passions. Dreams
ofCuba,Mexico, the Central andSouth American
States, festoon the bloody machinations of south-
ern traitors, as they rendered gorgeous the un-
holy schemes of Burr and his confederates. In one
breath you groan at the evils suffered from the
Union and the Federal Government, although
nearly the whole time from its existence it has
been in your hands or subject to your control.
In the next, you boast of your great wealth and
power; of the spread of your dominions; the in-
crease in the number and value of your slaves;
the great overshadowing omnipotence of cotton.
A few days since, you sought to demonstrate that
northern wealth and commerce, French industry,
and British enterprise, depended upon a few slave-
holders. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gau-
kett] boastingly pointed to the time, in a few
decades, when,the slave population would number
thirty million,
I stop not here to prove the divinity of freedom
or the despotism of slavery. With your cannon
pointed at the Capitol, and your bayonets almost
at our breasts, it is no time to argue abstractprin-
ciples, neither on our knees to supplicate for life.
At all time^on a question of freedom, man should
be right from instinct. Would you take a man
by the sounding sea to hear the sullen roar of its
waters, or stand him upon the yawning gulf, down
which volcanic fires madly rage, or dart their sul-
phureous fumes and hissing front into the vale be-
low ? Would you place him in the smiling val-
ley, teeming with the fruits of autumn, radiating
the cheering sunshine of mid-day or the mellow
moonbeams of evening; or from the bold mount-
ain summit, beyond the reach of culture's hand
or nature's growth, whore the dew of evening or
the rain of morning only gives life to the stunted
pine and oak, where the eagle builds his eyrie,
and thoxrest wreathed in perpetual snow? Would
you stoj^ coldly to reason with such a man the
existence b/ a divine Creator? So, when you take
a man, and stand him by the great ocean of hu-
manity, where he bends his ear to catch the surg-
ing wail of oppression and want; when he stands
over the yawning volcanic fires which despotism
has created and is endeavoring to conceal; or in
the little valley of human happiness, full of sun-
shine and peace; or high up on the dreary mount-
tain of oppression, where scarce a green thing
may grow, where the sunshine of life, its dews
and rains, make desolation more desolate; will
you pause to argue the divinity of man's free-
dom, or prove his inherent right to himself?
But we have now to deal with facts, not fancies;
realities, not theory. We supposed that we lived
in a Republic where free white men regulated its
action and controlled its destiny; that it was a
Government of the people for the people. For
three fourths of a century we have grown in
wealth, numbers, and power, although you claim
to have suffered from multiplied wrongs. South
Carolina, in one of her many declarations of in-
dependence, says it has been going on for seventy-
four years, duite likely; our fathers commenced
a crusade against slavery even in the colonial state;
they renewed it in the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and continued it after the adoption of the
Constitution, in its almost immediate abolition in
one half the States of theUmon. And now you
scandalize the memory of the revolutionary pa-
triots, who hewed the pathway to national great-
ness through rivers of blood, with fire and sword,
by charging that the only motive for unchaining
the slave was the sordid and base consideration
that slavery would not pay.
Grant, if you please, tliat slavery is right: what
then' You say that the Territories belong to the
people of the whole country. Shall not they who
own it control it? Is itunsafe to intrust their des-
tiny with the sovereign people of the Republic?
The majority, constitutionally expressed, must
govern. What do you mean when you talk of
the brute force of majorities, which is manifested
without force, and exercised without violence?
Is that not safer than the brute force of a minority?
You say you are excluded from settling in the
Territories. Not so. Of your eight million pop-
ulation, scarce three hundred thousand are owners
of slaves. The hearthstones of many solitary
cabins, faraway towards the light of the setting
sun, are cheered by the songs which the emigrant
learned in his southern home. Your seven mil-
lion five hundred thousand population who have
not the advantages of negro property can cross
the dark line which slavery rears, and not be com-
pelled to work in the furrow wet with the sweat
of the slave. This very day, is not a fair propor-
tion of the population of that country—of which
" 'Twas mikI, that far thiough the foieht wilt],
And over the mountains hold,
Was a land whose rivers and darkening enres
Were gem'd with the purest gold"—
men reared in a southern clime? Let me illus-
trate: a poor boy was born in Kentucky; not to
an inheritance of wealth and slaves, but entitled
to the privileges of that immense territory over
which your fathers said the dork wine of slavery
should never be spread. He removed to Illinois;
by industry carved out for himself reputation,
honor, and greatness; and now stands a living
embodiment of the principles we profess—the
lawfully elected.President of the United States.
Will Kentucky this day say that the ordinance
of Jefferson, excluding slavery from the great
Northwest, prevented her citizens from enjoying
its benefits, or aspiring to the highest offices in
the gift of a free people?
The policy of the dominant party must pre-
vail. In 1820, the policy of the dominant and
slareholding party said slavery should not go
north of 36° 30'; in 1854, you reversed that pol-
icy, and the dominant party said that slavery
should have a struggle with freedom north of that
line, and that free labor or slave labor should be
baptized in fire and blood on the plains of Kansas.
We submitted to the brute force of majorities
then. In 1856, you claimed that your Nebraska
bill was sustained-by the people; and the whole
patronage of the Government, the Treasury and
sword of the nation unsheathed to subdue us, we
submitted to the brute force of majorities then.
Mr. Douglas told you that by his theory of pop-
ular sovereignty you had acquired New Mexico
to slavery; We submitted to the brute force of
majorities then. We never made any ruffian's
threat or braggart's boast; only waiting for an-
other expression of the will of the American peo-
ple. And now, in the same spirit with which you
uemand the right to convert men into merchan-
dise, you talk of dismembering a great Republic
and establishing empires. Do gentlemen so seri-
ously mistake the nature of our Union? The
Amphyctionic council, the Achaean and Ionian
league, the Swiss and Italian Republics, like the
first Confederation of our fathers, were but States
in alliance; ours is a Union of the people. The
Constitution itself shows by whom made and for
what purpose. We, the people, not the States,
for the purpose of a more perfect union. The
power that created can alone destroy.
The question is not now, shall the African bo
a slave? but, shall the white freemen of the nation
control the Government? Shall I, my constit-
uents, my State, my section, pass under the yoke,
and grant a willing submission to a power which
yields to no reason, is controlled by no Consti-
tution, guided by no laws?
We are told that we must submit because we'
have been misrepresented at home and abroad;
because southern people, in their blind infatuation,
believe that wo intend to overrun, devastate, and
destroy, the southern States, and liberate their
slaves by force. I am not disposed to humiliate
myself to excuse or atone for another's folly.
We arc not responsible for the ignorance of your
people. We have neither created nor contributed
to it. You suffer papers filled with the ultra doc-
trines of Garrison to be circulated, while those
which are exponents of Republican principles arc
consigned to the flames. Southern and northern
orators have willfully and wickedly misrepresent-*
ed our purposes and objects. You have been arous-
ing and alarming the worst passions of your peo-
ple, and now you say you cannot control them.
You have sown the wind; now yourselves reap
the whirlwind. You have created the storm; now
bend yourselves before its fury, or break. While
you have lashed the angry waves into threatening
billows, you ask us to cut away our masts and
scuttle our ship, so that you may enjoy one wide-
spread ruin. You are now exultant over the
destruction you are hoping to produce.
"Like the moonbeam* on the blasted heath
Mocking its desolation "—
you arc striving to prevent the fulfillment of the
prediction made by the Bishop of Cloyne more
than a century ago, when speaking of this vast
continent:
" Time's noblest empire is the last."
You have been shorn of your strength by your
own Delilah; and now in your blindness would
wrap your arms around the pillars of the Repub-
lic and perish in its ruins.
But four northern allies are atoning for their
work of folly by branding their own falsehoods.
Ought not this to remove apprehension from the
minds of your people? You trusted them to be-
lieve their falsehoods. Why not believe them
when the dangers they have produced and the
fears they have excited arc extorting from them
an honest confession ? If you will not hear Moses
and the Prophets, you would not be convinced
though one rose from the dead.
