1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
If
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harlan.
Senate;
each other, was determined in three months.
Since then, we were told that the States of Italy-
were about to be plunged into a sea of blood; and
the next steamer brought the news that peace had
been restored,and a new empire founded. The
English and French assail the Celestial Empire,
with a population of three hundred million and
untold wealth; and in a few weeks they dictate a
peace in the palace of the vanquished emperor.
It has been said that there is eloquence m facts;
and perhaps it would be well for statesmen to
look to their logic in an argument on a question
so grave as this. A contest, I repeat, between
these States—highly cultivated, highly enlight-
ened, with immense power oneither hand—v/ould
be a terrible and feaiful conflict. It would be
soon over, and at a less expense of money than
the merchants of the great cities have suffered
during the last month by your sectional agitation.
Nor will your threatened or actual secession,
as a stroke of diplomacy, terminate any more fa-
vorably. That seems to be the policy of the Sen-
ator from Yn-ginia, as suggested to-day—break
up this Government, dissolve it into its original
elements, and reconstruct it on such a plan as will
enable the minority to govern. Will the people
who have voted for the honorable Senator fiom
Illinois, and the candidate of the Republican party,
accede to terms like these? Do you hope font? As
it seems to me, no proposition could be more ab-
surd. Should you secede temporarily for the pur-
pose of reconstructing the Federal Governmenton
amendments, as suggested from any Senator on
that side of the Chamber, embracing as a pait of
its provisions the Breckinridge piatfoim, or the
Senate resolutions of the last session, (being almost
a literal transcript of the Calhoun resolutions of
1838,) this new Confederacy will never embrace
one of the free States—not one. Perhaps you do
not desire New England. I infer, from intimations
that 1 have heard outside of this Chamber, that
you would be willing to have her sloughed off,
and form a^uw Confederacy with the middle and
northwestern States, in which yon would have
fifteen slave States, and we would have twelve
free States; thus giving you the power to dom-
inate over us; or, as the Senator fiom Alabunyi
would say, to enable you to rule us. Do you
suppose that the people, of those twelve States
arc so obtuse aw to engage in anv alliance for the
avowed puipose of giving you the power to con-
trol them, and coerce them into the adoption of
the policy which they have so recently condemned?
It was to get rid of your domination, which has
prevailed so long that it has become offensive,
the people consented to the breaking up of paity
organizations.
You could hardly expect, however, independ-
ent of this view of the subject, Pennsylvania to
unite in such a Confederacy. Her policy and vours
are diametrically at war; she is in favor of the
protection of the industry of hev own people, and
you in favor of free trade. Pennsylvania seems
to have apprehended your policy, from the large-
ness of the majority which she cast against your
candidate, it being a plurality of ninety thousand
over any one else, and of sixty thousand over ail
others combined.
Can you expect affiliation with the people of
the Northwest to flow from such a stroke of pol-
icy as tkis > Would it advance their policy of se-
curing homesteads lo actual settlers'5 By a solid
vote fiom your side of the Chamber, you have
defeated tins policy for the last ten years. Then,
the people of the Northwest desire a connection
with the ocean. They desire access to the Pacific
asweli as to the Atlantic: and your votes luive
become a more insurmountable barrier than the
intci veiling mountains. Who can expect that the
Northwest would willingly dissolve its connection
with New England ? As offensive as her people
may be to you, they are not so to us. They have
already, by their capital and iheir science, over-
come the only barriers between us and the great
Atlantic. We are now within three days'journey
of Boston,and of the Atlantic at any point; and we
believe that, m pursuance of this same policy, her
capital, which we have not, will enable us to con-
nect ourselves with the Pacific States. Hergrcat
fleets of merchant ships, staitmg at the western
terminus of our Pacific railroad, can connect us
with that human hive that swarms on the other
side of the Pacific, and thus reverse the world's
travel, and send it, with a large proportion of the
world's trade,by our doors,as it careers onward
to the Atlantic cities and to the Old World. You
may fancy that you can sit enthroned at the mouth
of the Mississippi river and coerce a confederation
with the Northwest, regardless of her great in-
terests. Well, sir, there are now in the North-
west, on the upper waters of the'Mississippi,
about nine million freemen. It requires little out
physical force to give us access to the Gulf; and
I doubt not that our people will readily find the
moans to secure that exit; and I might predict
that if you had seccded, it probably would not
be many years until the increase of our popula-
tion and the multiplication of ourresources, which
have been unparalleled in the grid's history,
would enable us to command the terms which
shall again place the mouth of the Mississippi
under the same jurisdiction which you now pro-
pose to leave.
But again, sir, who are the people of the North-
west? Chiefly the children of New England and
the great middle States. Look over yourccnsus
reports of each dccade, and you will find they
form a very powerful part of our population. If
anybody had any doubt on this subject, I would
ask them to look around me here. Where are
the nativd States of these Senators on my right
and left? Nearly ali of them were born in New
England or New York; and that is but an index
of the character of the population of the States
of the Northwest. Why, sir, you have but two
Senators on this floor who were born there. Do
you suppose that you will be able, by a .stroke of
diplomacy, to sever the ties of connection between
the father and the son, between the old homesteads
m New England and New York, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania, and the new possessions in the
States in the great Northwest? If any man calcu-
lates on this, he reckons without his host.
This reminds me, however, of another view of
your objection to the policy of the Republican
party: that it would not allow your citizens to
migrate to the Territories with their negroes.
Why, sir, is it possible that a statesman will stand
here, in the Senate of the United States, in the
middle of the nineteenth century, and urge it, as a
good to be desired, that the Federal Government
shall adopt a policy that will entice away their cit-
izens ? Does the welfare of the slave Stales require
the expatriation of their people? I remember the
first winter I had a seat on this floor, a Senator
from Pennsylvania (Mr. Brodhead) announced
that he opposed the homestead bill, and intro-
duced the counter proposition of the land-warrant
sysiem, because the homestead bill would tend to
draw off the industrious people from Pennsylva-
nia to the new States. That idea has occasion-
ally been mentioned since. It would not be the
true policy of New England, perhaps, if she were
to take a narrow and selfish view of the subject,
to support the measures which we desire; but her
affection overcomes her interest. She has per-
ceived, too, I doubt not, that what she loses from
the strength and power of her States, she gains
in the augmented power of the nation, of which
she is a part; that what passes frum one hand, she
can readily regain with the other. We have not
met that spirit from (he other side of the Chamber.
The improvement of our rivers and our harbors,
th.it would give us access to the Gnlf, you of the
South oppose The construction of national rail-
ways, that would gjvc us access to the ocean, you
oppose. The passage of a homestead bill, which
would enable the poor men who migrate to our
States, by honest industry, to procure for them-
selves homes, you oppose. By an intimation of
a pui pose to exorcise a contiolhng influence at the
mouth of the Mississippi river, do you suppose
you will be able to arrest us in the pursuit of our
trqe interest'
But the Senator from Virginia propounded one
significant inquiry, which I beg leave to allude
to here 
Mr. BENJAMIN. One word, if the Senator
pleases. Will he state who it was that made the
threat about the mouth of the Mississippi river?
1 should like to answer the person who made it.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have not said that any Sen-
ator made that threat. I alluded to intimations
merely received outside of the Chamber
Mr. BENJAMIN. Intimations; from, wliere'l
From the North.or the South? ;
Mr. HARLAN. I do not choose at this time
to be interrogated in detail, • ' . :
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not propose to inter-
rogate the Senator in detail. He made an untrue
statement, and I ask him for his authority'.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not hear the Senator's
remark.
Mr, BENJAMIN. I say the Senator made a
statement that was not true. I ask hipi for his
authority.
Mr.HARLAN. What wasthestatementwhich
was not true?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The statement that there
was a threat that you should not have the use of
the mouth of the Mississippi.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator misapprehended
me. I made no such statement.
Mr. BENJAMIN, The report will show.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Virginia
asks: what do you want with the forts at Charles-
ton? What do we want with the forts located in the
slave States? 1 respond, Mr. President, that the
nine million people who reside in the Northwest
can make their defense against foreign invasion
with less loss of life and property at Charleston,
New York, and New Orleans, than they can on
their own territories. We choose to remain a part
of this great Confederation, with all the disadvant-
ages we encounter in the heart of the continent,
cut off from ready intercourse with the outside
world, because there is a corresponding advantage.
The desolation of the first assaults made by a for-
eign Power on this country must be borne by you.
We, then, have a distinct interest in the fortresses
in Charleston harbor, at New Orleans, Norfolk,
Boston, and San Francisco. We prefer to repel
the invader at the border of the continent rather
than from our own doors.
And now, Mr. President, as it has become
fashionable in this Chamber for Senators to con-
clude their speeches with an appeal to their po-
litical opponents to come forward magnanimously
and save the country, on the principle, I suppose,
that it is easier to caM on Hercules to lift the
load, than to put their own shoulders to the
wheel, I "make an appeal to the Democracy for a
manifestation of patriotism. You appeal to us
as a rising party, with the glittering hopes of the
future, to come forward and surrender our prin-
ciples, and save the country. I appeal to you, a
declining power, with a mention of the lessons of
the past. What are those lessons of the past? I
shall not go far back. Eight years ago, when
the people"placed you in power, we were at peace
with all the world. Our armies had just returned
victorious from foreign battle-fields; our Navy
was triumphanton every sea; oVr commerce was
whitening every ocean, lake, and river; our ton-
nage equaled that of the greatest maritime Pow-
ers; our people at home were prosperous in every
industrial pursuit; our genius had placed us, in
the development of the applied sciences, among
the nations of the highest cultivation; domestic
strifes had been buried by the patriots of the
times, in the adoption of the finalities of 1850, and
our starsand stripes commanded the respect of all
the civilizcd nations; the hand of industry was
receiving its highest reward, while the Treasury
was overflowing with its millions of re venue. You,
as a party, had the opportunity, not only to in-
augurate, but to carry out your policy to com-
pleteness. You controlled the President and the
head of every Department; you had a majority
in this body overwhelming, and a large majority
in the other branch of;Congress, and a majority
of political friends on the Supreme bench.
Now, what have you achieved? You have
emptied the Treasury of the United States and
destroyed the credit of the Government, until
your bonds have to go begging in the money
market of the world. You have disintegrated
and destroyed the old Whig party, in which so
many of the great men of the nation were cradled,
and in whose ranks they served their country so
well. Coming here five years and more since,
fiom a frontier State, I expected to vote and af-
filiate with the two Senatois then here from Ten-
nessee, [Messrs. Bell and Jones;] the two from
Mainland, [Messrs. Pearce and Pratt:] the Sen-
ator then here from Missouri, now no more, [Mr
