1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to the gen-
tleman interrupting my colleague.
Mr. DAWES. My point of order is, that the
language just uttered by the gentleman from New
York is out of order.
Mr. BRANCH. I require the gentleman to
reduce the language to writing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair re-
gards the point of order as entirely frivolous, and
rules it out.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal from the decis'ion of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair lias
made no decision.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal from that decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is in order, and will proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to know whether I can
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BRANCH. The Chair refused to enter-
tain the point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
cannot appeal from the decision of the Chair. The
Chair did not entertain the point of order on ac-
count of its frivolousness.
Mr. DAWES. Then I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair in refusing to entertain that point
of order.
Mr. COX. I hope the Chair will protect the
gentleman from New York in his right to proceed
with his speech.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from New York yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts?
Several Members. I object.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I decline to yield.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the gentle-
man will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. VAN WYCK resumed; but was again in-
terrupted by
Mr. HUTCHINS, who said: I understand,
Mr. Speaker, thaJ my colleague, Mr. Howard,
wants to leave the city to-morrow for Virginia,
and is willing to make a speech to-night. He can
do so now, and Ictthegentleman from New York
finish his speech in the morning, if there be no
objection.
Several Members objected.
A message was here received from the Senate
by Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate had ordered the printing of
pertain documents, and,had passed the House bill
authorizing the bringing of a suit against the
United States to test the title to the hospital square
in San Francisco.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Is there any objection to
my proposition ?
Mr. PEYTON. I object. I hope the gentle-
man from New York wiil be allowed to go on and
close his speech. He has been detained too long
already.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker '
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from New York yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts?
Mr. DAWES. For a motion to adjourn.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I yield for the purpose of
adjournment.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Does the Speaker decide that
this motion cannot be entertained ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the gentleman from New York can yield
the floor unconditionally, but not otherwise, if
there be objection. The Chair hears objection;
and so he decides that the motion is not in order.
Mr. DAWES. Will the Chair entertain an
appeal from its own decision ?
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair would
most cheerfully do so.
Mr. DAWKS. Then I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and on that 1 call for
tellers.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has a perfect right to take an appeal.
Mr. BURNETT. Would it not satisfy the
gentleman from New York to publish his speech?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair hopes
there will be no objection to that.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. None whatever.
Mr. DAWES. I might as well have gentlemen
understand at once what my purpose is. I want
to understand whether it is a fact or not, that the
floor is farmed out so that gentlemen on the other
side are to have it in the morning and gentlemen
on this side to have it late in the afternoon ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair knows
of no such arrangement.
Mr. STEVENSON. A gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Conkling] is to have the floor after
his colleague.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected that
the first member who had the floor this morning
on this debate was the very ultra gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steyens.]
Mr. DAWES. I have observed that neither the
ordinary parliamentary rule, which requires that
the member who addresses the Chair first is to be
recognized first, nor any arrangement known be-
forehand, is observed in farming out the floor.
I iim only desirous to know by what right the
floor is farmed'out? That is all. I have no in-
terest in the matter myself. I had just as lief
hear the gentleman from New York as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, or any other man. I have
no other interest. I am acting in concert with
nobody.
Mr. SICKLES. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I insist that I am entitled to
the floor. The gentleman from New York yielded
the floor to me.
Mr. BURNETT. If my memory is not en-
tirely at fault, in the last Congress the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] himself, when
in the chair, made pretty much the same decision
which the gentleman who now occupies the chair
has made. If I am not mistaken, ho refused to
recognize points of orderon theground that they
were frivolous. And in respect to the farming
out the floor, I will say that I understand the
gentleman from New York is to be followed by
one of his colleagues.
Mr". I^lWES. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky feten to me for one moment?
Mr. SICKLES. I object to any further debate,
except by the gentleman from New York, who
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from New
York will allow me to reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. SICKLES. I objoct only because the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts made his comment,
which was replied to by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I insist, now that both sides have been
heard, that the gentleman from New York, who is
entitled to the floor, shall be permitted to proceed.
Mr. DAWES. I rose to correct the statement
of the gentleman from Kentucky; and if I am pre-
vented from doing that by an objection, I only
want it to appear who the objection comes from.
Mr. SICKLES. I insist that my colleague
shall make his speech or print it, one of the two.
Mr. PEYTON. I rise to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DAWES. Let the appeal first be decided.
Mr. SICKLES. There is no appeal pending.
Mr. DAWES. There is an appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that; but if there be no objection, the
gentleman from Kentucky will be allowed to ask
a question.
Mr. PEYTON. The question I desired to pro-
pound is, whether, if the gentleman from New
York submits to these interruptions, they are not
to come out of his time ?
Mr. SICKLES. Of course they are.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
be the judge of that %vhen the gentleman's time has
expired.
Air. PEYTON. I think itis no more than jus-
tice, if the gentleman from New York allows
these proceedings to take place with his consent,
that in an hour from the time he commenced the
floor shall be awarded to another gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask for the question on
my appeal.
"The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I call for tellers on that motion.
The SPEAKERpro tempore divided the House,
and announced that only ten members voted for
tellers.
Mr. DAWES. I insist on a count of the other
side. •
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It requires one
fifth of a quorum to order tellers.
Mr. McKEAN. Does the Chair assume that
a quorum ia present?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the Chair were
called upon to say whether there were a quorum
present, he would decide that no quorum was
present.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I make the point
that there is no quorum present, and that no busi-
ness can be done.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The appeal must
first be settled.
The question was put; and the appeal was laid
on the table.
Mr. SICKLES. I insist now that my col-
league shall be allowed to proceed in order.
Mr. GOOCH. The Chair just now decided
that there was no quorum in the Hall. The gen-
tleman from New York cannot therefore proceed..
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would*
decide that there is 110 quorum present.
Mr. SICKLES. Debate may proceed if there
is no quorum present.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. No business earn
be transacted when there is no quorum present.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I protest against
these persistent efforts to interrupt my colleague.
I hope he will be allowed to go on. [Laughter.]
Mr. GOOCH. I understand the Speaker has
decided that there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair may
be of opinion that there is no quorum present; but
tlmt will only be shown by a vote of the House.
Mr. GOOCH. Can a point of order be de-
cided without a quorum being present?
Mr. SICKLES. I call the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to order. There is no question before
the House.
Mr. GOOCH. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I call the gentleman from
Massachusetts to order. He can only rise to a
question of order from his seat. He is not in his
seat, nor has he been for some time past.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman from Kentucky
is himself not in his seat; and I hope the Chair
will first set him down. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. There is no objection to my
calling the gentleman to order away from my seat.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman from New York
yields me the floor for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I want it understood, that
if the gentleman from New York yields the floor,
he does it unconditionally.
Mr. GOOCH. ThegentlemanfromNewYorlc
yields mo the floor; and I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York will proceed with his speech.
Mr. GOOCH. I have made the motion that
the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York has not yielded the floor, as the
Chair understands, objection being made.
Mr. GOOCH. Does the gentleman from New
York yield me the floor for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I do.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from New York yield it unconditionally ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I do not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the gen-
tleman does not yield the floor.
Mr. GOOCH. From that decision I appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the gentleman from New York cannot
yield the floor unless he yields it unconditionally,
and that the gentleman from Massachusetts can-
not take it from him upon a point of order.
Mr. GOOCH. I appeal from that decision.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
the question of order is irregular, and he wil( not
entertain it. The gentleman from New York will
proceed with his speech.
Mr. GOOCH. Have I not the right to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. SICKLES. All these questions of order
and appeals are frivolous; and I insist that the
Speaker shall adhere to his former ruling, and not
entertain such questions and appeals
