1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
36th Cong....2d Sess. The Crisis—Its Causes, and the way to meet it—Mr. Morris.
Ho. 03? Beps.
filled my mind with apprehension and alarm; and
1 therefore, under a sleep and solemn conviction
of duty to my county and God, propose to speak
at thia.perilous time. Never before have I been
similarly impressed, or had such a task to per-
form.
A crisis is upon us; and how shall it be met? is
the earnest inquiry of all. Shall we lie down su-
pinely and yield up the Government without a
contest; or shall we meet the question of secession
boldly and as becomes men and patriots? What
shall we gain by silent acquiescence in the schemes
of the disunionists, but additional costumely and
contempt and the loss of all we hold dear? Noth-
ing will satisfy them but witlidrawal'from the
Union; and the sooner we majce up our minds to
the fact the better. They have not made, nor will
they accept, any proposition for a compromise
' that any conservative man can take. To pause
they believe would demoralize their movement,
and be destructive to them at home and abroad, as
has been confessed to-day by the gentleman from
Virginia. We have got to meet them with the
full knowledge that their purpose to overthrow
this Government is settled; and let us preserve
our self-respect and manhood, if we lose every thing
else. My own conviction is, we should move on
with a steady nerve and unfaltering step in the
line of duty. He who hesitates now is unwor-
thy the name of American patriot." There must
be no halting, no.wavering, in the lines of Union
men. He who is not for us is against us, and
let him go over to the enemy at once. Secession
has got to be met, not bv bended knee, simpering
tears, and impIorations,Tor the question is far be-
yond all that; but by the sturdy and heroic spirit
of true patriotism.
We have among us, Mr. Chairman, as I am
but too fully sensible, statesmen gifted and bril-
liant, who deny the right of secession, yet are
not in favor of the Union protecting itself or en-
forcing the laws. Such men are feeding the pub-
lic mind on husks, with which it will not long be
satisfied. The existence of a wrong without a
remedy is not consistent with the genius of our
institutions, and will not be suffered. He who
preaches against the wrong, and yet is not in favor
of redressing it, is a worse enemy to the Gov-
ernment than the avowed disunionist; because
he betrays it with a kiss. To-day the Union is
paralyzed, and lies in the hands of its enemies, a
poor, helpless, and dishonored thing, scoffed and
laughed at, with very little or no inclination on
the part of the strong men, who ought to be the
first to its rescue, to lift up its drooping head and
bind Up its bleeding wounds. The manly prompt-
ings of patriotism seem to have been suppressed,
and all is timidity, doubt, and hesitation. Trea-
son's bold front "has alarmed the timid, and they
are flying. Wait! wait! wait! is the word of
others. A few statesmen only have stretched
forth their hands to pluck the dagger from its
heart and staunch its blood, though the death-
rattle is m its throat and the spasms of expira-
tion are upon it. For this, though they are now
bitterly assailed, they will be honored by the
friends of liberty while living, and their memo-
ries will be canonized by posterity. The true
moral hero is only discerned in the hour of dan-
ger. Demosthenes declaimed never so eloquently
against Philip of Macedon, but failed in the exe-
cution of plans for the defense of his country.
What we want now is not the silvery-tongued
orator, who can enchant by his words, yet pro-
poses to do nothing; but the man of will, who is
equal to the emergency. Unless God, in His
goodness and wisdom, raises up such a one for
us, the Republic is lost.
The party that is flushed with victory, and pro-
poses to come shortly into power, instead of la-
boring for the preservation of the confederation,
are engaged in schemes which will impoverish the
nation. Thcygoon with their revel after the hand-
writing is seen upon the wall. The Pacific railroad
bill, just passed through this House under the
"gag," and in violation of the Constitution, will,
if it passes the Senate and goes into effect, and
the Government stili exists, (which God grant,)
involve us iiyy; increased public debt of at least
§300,t)00,00tfliand this is proposed to be done at
a time like the present, with a bankrupt Treasury
staring us in the face,and while the whirlwind of
New Series—No. 4.
sectional passion is lifting the Government from
its imbedmeut, and burning its fragments away in
wild and tumultuous eddies. It is one of the most
magnificent devices for plundering the people that
has ever been gotten up in the United States, and
is onlv equaled 111 the world by John Law's cele-
brated Mississippi swindle. To me, sir, it is ut~
terly incomprehensible that rational men will so
act, especially at a moment like this. Now, we
should husband our resources, and every consid-
eration should be subordinate to the preservation
of our national unity. A crisis is upon us, as I
have said; and I propose, lone and humble as I am,
to address the committee upon it, its causes, and
the way to meet it.
I have not vanity enough to suppose that my
voice can stir the fountains of public feeling1. If
I possessed a power equal to my inclination, I
would arouse every man, woman, and child in the
land to a sense of their danger, and cause this
proud Capitol to rock and shake to its foundations
beneath the storm of their just rage and indigna-
tion.
The last terrible scenc m the executive drama,
Mr. Chairman, has been played out. That drama
commenced with " Lccompton;"it endswiththe
overthrow of the Democratic party and the de-
struction of the Government. Who would have
thought, when the old man noXV presiding at the
White House was representing us, during the
Pierce administration, at the Court of St. James,
that lie would return to become the wicked m-
sa umcnt of our nation's ruin? When I compare
our peaceful and happy condition at the time of
his inauguration with what it now is, and will be
at the expiration of jus tei in of office, 1 cannot find
words to express my abhorrence and indignation.
Though he makesafaint attempt.in his late mes-
sage to create the impression that the Government
was torn by dissensions and infested by intestine
broils when he received it from his predecessor,
and thereby seeks to avoid the full measure of his
responsibility, and to dash the bitter and poi-
soned cup from his lips, still he cannot change
the truth of history, or blur its pages by misrep-
resentations. The more local troubles in Kansas
had not broken the strength of the Democratic
party, nor severed the ties of the Union. They
had not blighted the nation's young vigor; they
had not shrouded the country in the sable dra-
pery of mourning. JNo ! He found us united and
prosperous; heluavesusdividedand ruined. The
ttack of his administration over the Government
has been like that of a destructive tornado; like
that of a withering and blasting sirocco of the des-
ert. He has buried honor and manhood, patriot-
ism and hope, liberty and justice, m one common
grave, and now affects to mourn over their mel-
ancholy and untimely fall, lie leaves us a na-
tional shrine shattered and despoiled. Standing
at that altar where lie has ministered with unholy
hands, we, who are no longer the Representatives
of a united Confederation, can hear echoing
through this Hall, and thiough the spacious pas-
sages of this temple consecrated to free govern-
ment, the mournful groans of a dying national-
ity; yea, we may see the little gioups, hear the
ominous whispers, and behold the measured stop
of those who have congregated here to perform
the last melancholy rites over the Union—not, I
must confess, with sorrow and contntion^f spirit,
but with joy and exultation. We see the old Hag,
whose folds have spread out so widely over land
and sea, no longer the radiant ensign of the Re-
public ; but a thing dishonored—its stripes riven,
and its stars obscured. Hut the other day, not a
ship in the Charleston harbor had it flying; yet
far down the bay itcould still be discerned waving
over Fort Moultrie m silentand solitary national
grandeur. Even there, however, it is no longer
to be seen; but, thank God, it still rustics in the
breeze at Fort Sumier, 111 defiance of a rebellious
city, though it has been ruthlessly torn from the
custom-house and post office there, and the pal-
metto and reptile 11111 up in its place.
Thus seems to have been stricken down in its
youth and vigor the best Government the world
has ever known. Yet, sir, while in view of this
great calamity a gloom settled over all the land,
from the lakes of the North to the Gulf of the
South; from ocean to ocean; while despair Qast
its darkest shadow on the public xniwUand wc
wore drifting swiftly into the horrors of a civil
war; the President, 1 am told, like 6, gay and
thoughtless votary of pleasure, h'as sat in his
banquet room and looked not out upon the trou-
bled present, nor asked, "watchman, what of
the night?" N^ro fiddled while Rome was burn-
ing; and Mr. Buchanan, who much resembles
Nero as a ruler, rejoiced while the Republic was
falling into ruin. With the self-complacency of
a cold, calculating philosopher, he comes forward
at this fearful and perilous crisis, and coolly tells
us, with affected confidence, " 1 am not respons-
ibly for it." I say—the whole country says—as
Nathan said to David, (< Thou art the man ;"and
your self-adulations and denials are but the devices
of guilt.
1 should consider myself, Mr. Chairman, rec-
reant to every obligation 1 owe to my unhappy
and distracted country, to my children and my
God, if I failed to step forward now to vindicate
the truth, and place the ^responsibility where it
rightfully belongs. Heretofore, at each session
of Congress sincts I have had the honor of a seat
011 this floor, I have exposed the corruptions and
venality of this Administration. I have warned
my Democratic friends of the danger, and called
upon them to avoid it. Some thought at the last
session that I was going too far, when I applied
the dissccting knife to its putrid body, defended
the principle of non-intervention, and rebuked the
spirit of disunion. Yet no one attacked my po-
sitions or disputed my facts and arguments, ex-
cept a distinguished member from Georgia, who
came up to the rescue of the President and de-
fended his Lecompton policy. I answered him
at once by producing the President's record; and
thus the matter ended. I stood, and now stand,
by what 1 then said; and my speeches, however
humble, shall remain in the archives of the Gov-
ernment as the promptings and convictions of a
higji public duty. J have nothing, sir, to take
back. If i were to alter them at all, I would add
to them. It is now conceded that, as plainly as I
talked, and as far as I went, I was not up to the
requirement, though far ahead of everybody else.
It seemed to me that the drifting of events could
not be mistaken; and that, unless they were ar-
rested, we would soon land just where we have
landed; that the results would be precisely what
we have before us. I hope the committee will
pardon me while I refer briefly to the record in
support of my declaration. On the 28th of Feb-
ruary, 1858,1 said, in a spcech I made in this
House:
'♦The gentleman from Virginia, who fo eloquently ad-
dressed the House the other day on this'subject, appealed
with gteat emphasis to the North to go over and help him.
Help him to do what, sir? Help him to nample down the
public will; help hiiu to cover up \\ long; help hiiu to stifle
j^tiCR ; help linn oveitiirn the fundamental pnneipt^ of self-
government, on which our free institutions aie based ; help
him drag a State into the Union in violation of the Consti-
tution, and agam^t the mora solemn protestation* of its
people; help him destioy the principle upon which Mr.
Buchanan was elected; help him stultify ourselves, brand
with f.il-ehood and shame the e.\pies<>ions of our public
meeting*, mid disgr.iee ourselves as the betravciv of our
constituents? No, sir- we will never help hmi do tliat.
Come what will, the noitliem Democracy will bland by
their integuty and tlio Union ; and if lor this they aic to fall
under the executive guillotine, which is aheady reeking
will) the blood of some of their noblest sons, let it be so.
The base creatuii'h u ho succeed them will only hck the
du^t l'iom the foot of power, to betiay it in tuni, when they
aie 110 longer fed at the public crib.
'• But we are told that tins is a pet mcasuicof Mr. Buch-
anan, the only one on which lie lias staked the success of
his administration. T should regret to think that tha ad-
mission of Kansas into the Union under the Lecompton
lsaud was to shed the only ltis«ier on the ofiiei.il lile of the
Executive. If he depends upon that, if the Leeomptnmtes
depem' upon that, to hand Ins name and fame down to pos-
teuty.tJiey will find the blackness of daikness hanging over
hi* memory.
<• What a contiast, sir, does this day present, to the one
when millions of freemen went, with cheeiful hearts nnd
joyful voices., to the polls and \oted foi James Buchanan
for President! Returning to their respective liomesat night,
they slept more soundly hoin having disehaiged a patriotic
duty. They had unfuiled their banner 01 the ptoud old
Democratic ship, and manned l\er with officer.-* whom they
supposed would Keep hei cjear of hieakeis; but she is now
driven upon them bj a furious stoim,iiei sa'i.s aie icntand
torn, her spjr  arc handing, her r*ba aic etuckuig, her deck
is washed by high waves, and, it may be3 she will go down
into the depths, of the sea."
Such is what I said; and if truth hps ever pen-
etrated the mist of falsehood and /lattery which
has enveloped the President, he has learned before
this whether my words have proved to be proph-
