634
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is entitled to the floor*, and will
proceed with his speech.
Mr. GOOCH. I rise to a question of order.
I have taken an appeal from the decision of the
Chair; and the rules require that that appeal shall
be submitted to the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that it is not competent for the gentle-
man from New York to takean appeal, inasmuch
as he is not entitled to thefloor. The gentleman
from New York will proceed.
Mr. GOOCH. I rose to a question of order,*
and I was therefore entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York will proceed.
Mr. GOOCH. I want to know whether the
rules of this House are to be broken down or
not?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair re-
gards those interruptions of the gentleman from
New York and these questions of order as frivol-
ous, and cannot entertain them any longer. ["Cries
of" Good!"]
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
♦Massachusetts has been decided to be out of or-
der, and he must resume his seat. If he does not,
then it is the duty of the Chair to call him by
name. [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. GOOCH. Docs the Chair entertain my
point of order ? [Loud cries of " Order!"]
Mr. SICKLES. I insist that order shall be
preserved. The Chair has decided this matter,
and I insist that he shall enforce, that decision
upon the gentleman from Massachusetts. That
gentleman is bound to take his seat, inasmuch as
Ilis point of order has been overruled.
Mr. GOOCH. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. The Chair has made no decis-
ion from which the gentleman can take an appeal.
It is the command—the order of the Chair; and
if the gentleman can appeal at all, it is from the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, where he ought
to be for persisting m being out of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York has the floor, and In; will proceed
with his remarks.
Mr. GOOCII. I have appealed from the de-
cision of the Chair, and I understood the Chair
to entertain my nppeal.
Mr. SICKLES. No decision has been made
from which mi appeal can bo taken.
The SPEA KER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Massachusetts is not in order, and he will
therefore take his seat. [Cries of "Good !"]
rMr. DAWES. Which gentleman from New
^ ork is Speaker, the one in or the one out of the
chair* [Cries of u Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. VAN WTCK proceeded with his remarks
for a few minutes.
Mr.GOOCEl. The ^ontlemnn from New York
{Mr. Van Wyck] yields the floor to me, and 1
move that the Hnuxo do now adjourn.
Mr, BURNETT. I object in his yielding for
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BLAKE. The gentleman from New York
•has the right to yield to a motion to adjourn. The
rule provides that " a motion to adjourn cannot
■bo made while anothens speaking;" but according
to practice, a member speaking may yield to a
motion to adjourn, or that the committee rise,
without losing ins right when the subject is re-
sumed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That has been
the practice,thcChairknows; lint objection being
made to the gentleman from New York yielding the
floor, unless he does so unconditionally, the Chair
must refuse to entertain the motion to adjourn,
.and the gentleman from New York will therefore
proceed with his speech.
Mr. BLAKE. There is the rule; and I think
that the gentleman has the right to move to
adjourn_under the circumstances.
Mr. GOOCH. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. [Cries of " Order!"]
Ihe SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
mane no decision from which an appeal can be
taken.
Mr. LOGAN. I notify the other side of the
House that if these interruptions and factious
proceedings ho continued, I shall object to the
gentleman from New York proceeding beyond his
hour, which is now running on.
Mr. DAWES. That will not make any dif-
ference.
Mr. LOGAN. I will see whether it will or
not.
Mr. DAWES. If we have,the consent of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sickles,] we
can get an extension of time for his colleague.
Mr. LOGAN. Careless of any side, I am here
to do my duty.
-Mr. CURTIS. I object to all this colloquy.
Mr. DAWES. I do not complain of the gen-
tleman from Illinois at all.
Mr. VAN WYCK then concluded his speech.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor and yielded
Mr. BURNETT, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at half past five o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 30, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PATENT OFFICE AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the acting Commissioner of Patents,
communicating the agricultural portion of his
annual report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the usual
number and ten thousand additional copies be
printed for the use of the Senate. I suppose that
will go to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
LOUIS ROBERTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the chicf clerk of the Court M
Claims, returning, in compliance with a resolu-
tion ofthe Senate, the papers in the caseofL/uis
Roberts; which, on motion of Mr. Rice,/was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. BIGLER. I present a petition ofcitizens
ofthe county of Chester,in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, praying the adoption of the compromise
measures proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] [ also present a sim-
ilar petition of citizens of Montour county, in the
State of Pennsylvania. I move that these peti-
tions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I also present the memorial of
a committee of thirty-three, appointed at a great
mass meeting of workingmen, held m Philadel-
phia, in Independence square, 011 Saturday even-
ing last. In presenting this memorial, Mr. Pies-
ident, I desire to state that it is one of far more
than ordinary importance, and I feel lequired to
present briefly to the Senate and the country, its
character and significance. It was handed to mo
this morning by a committee of thirty-three gen-
tlemen, with the request that I present it to the
Senate. These gentlemen, Mr. President, rep-
resent fifty thousand citizens of Philadelphia, the
bone and sinew of that community, the real work-
ingmen, that class of men upon whom the whole
structure of society and the Government rests.
They have been moved to this by 110 politicians,
nor by the motives that ordinarily move politi-
cians. They have, been actuated by their deep
solicitude for the unhappy condition ofthe coun-
try, and they come here to make known their will
to their representatives. After considering various
propositions presented, through a delegate meet-
ing representing all the great industrial interests
of Philadelphia, the vast mechanical pursuits of
that city, and subsequently in a large mass meeting,
they agreed, by a common voice", to recommend'
to their representatives in Congress, without dis-
tinction of party, the programme of peace of the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.]
I should have remarked, Mr. President, that
these men were composed of all parties, Demo-
crats, Republicans, and Americans, as are the
working classes which they represent. They are
exceedingly anxious to be regarded in no party
sense, but simply as speaking for the class which
they represent, in reference to the present im- j
periled condition of the country.
Mr. President, the proceedings which they
have suomitted to me are of a truly interesting
and patriotic character. They breathe a senti-
ment of loyalty to the Constitution, of devotion
to ihe rights and interests of all the States, at the
same time that they manifest an earnest desire to
make every reasonable and honorable concession
in order to reconcile the discontented States,and
to maintain this Union as awhole* In doing all
this, it is just to say of them that they do not
wish to be understood as countenancing, to any
extent whatever, the recent movements of disso-
lution of this Union. Upon these movements
they look with deep displeasure, and are deeply
grieved with the spirit in which these movements
are pursued; but they go on to say, in a spirit of
candor and devotion to the country, that they will
yield anything and everything which their duty
to the Constitution requires; that they regard the
southern States as equals in this Confederacy;
that they are prepared to maintain them in every
right which is enjoyed by the northern States
or the northern people, not only as members of
the Confederacy, but in the enjoyment and use of
the common territories. They regard the proposi-
tion of die honorable Senator from Kentucky as
amounting simply to an equitable division ofthe
Territories, and a guaranty to the weaker section
of the Confederacy against aggressions in the fu-
ture, the most effective mode of adjustment, and,
at the same time, involves the least sacrifice of
position and prejudice on the part of any one of
the great parties that now control the political
affairs of the country.
Mr. President, with these few remarks, I pre-
sent the memorial and proceedings; and I ask
that the memorial be printed.
Mr. CAMERON. I, also, have been charged
with a petition similar to the one just presented
by my colleague, by a committee of thirty-three
workingmen, representing, as they say, a meeting
of four thousand workingmen held at Independ-
ence square in Philadelphia, on Saturday evening
last. I have no doubt the men were there, anil
I have 110 doubt that they represent, to a great
extent, the feeling of Pennsylvania; but that feel-
ing is not as represented by my colleague, as I
understand him here now. The other day, when
this subject was up, I had occasion to pay a com-
pliment to my colleague for the speech delivered
by him. I wished to say to the country that
although that speech was conciliatory, although
it went very far to conciliate the South, none of
the gentlemen on the other side of the House
paid any attention to it. On account of what I
said then, I am.charged with having indorsed the
speech and the whole speech of my colleague. 1
said it was an able and a patriotic and a proper
speech—I think those were my words—but I did
not say that 1 indorsed it, for I never indorsed all
his sentiments, and certainly I could not have in-
dorsed the reasoning of this speech. I agreed
with him thus far: I said that I indorsed his sen-
timents in favor of the preservation of the Union.
I say so now; I say everywhere, that I will make
all reasonable concessions to save this Union from
separation, with a hope that a proper response will
be met with in the South.
I look upon the question differently from my
colleague in this respect: I do not think that there
are any offending States. I am sure the State of
Pennsylvania has not offended her sister States.
She has done nothing but what she would do again
in the exercise of her constitutional rights. I Took
upon it in this way: the North have won the bat-
tle 011 the great question of free and slave labor;
they are the strong party, and they can afford to
make concessions to the weaker, if concessions be
desired; and all my remarks the other day, and
all I shall say now, and all I shall continue to say
upon this question, have been and will be based
upon the idea that I am content to do anything
that could honoraby be expected of me that will
bring peace to this country and preventa separa-
tion of the States; but before I act, I desire to
know that whatever concessions I and my con-
stituents may be disposed to make,will be received
in the spnit in which brothers should receive
kindly,treatment from their brothers. I want to
know from the South whether anything that we
can do will bring back to their duty in the Union
those who are leading this great rebellion south;
for I look upon it as a rebellion. I am willing to
take the resolutions offered by the Senator from
