50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
36th Cong 2d Sess. The Grists—Its Causes, and the ivay to meet it—Mr. Morris.
Ho. op Reps.
ecy. Perhaps he has changed his mind, and de-
sires'so me other epitaph than the simple record,
" Lecompton," to be written above his grave. If
he has not, and wants no other inscription, God
have mercy on him!
On the 15th day of Februarys 1859, in another
speech which I delivered here, I said, among other
things, what I desire should be read by the Clerk,
and which I send up to his desk for that purpose.
The Clerk read as follows, from page 11 of Mr.
Morris's speech:
"Thp Democratic party must cut itself loo^e from his
administration, and let it float off as drift-wood. We can-
not go into the canvass of 1860 with any hope of .success,
with its fetid and rotten carcass tied to the party: it would
be hanging to it as dead weight. We might as well expect
to blow down the walls of this Capitol with our mere
breath. It has even fallen so low that those who live upon
its bounty do it no reverence. We may excuse it; we may
palliate it; we may patch it up as we please; bu^twillbe
all to no purpose. It is folly—nay, worse than lolly, u is
madncas, lor us to stand with folded arm*, and blinded to
the consequenccs which are inevitable it we adhere to it.
* A prudent man foisecth the evil and hideth himself; but
the simple pa s on, and are punished.' We cannot retrieve
the fortunes of the party by any hesitating, doubting policy.
Action, prompt and decisive, is required. Mr. Buchanan,
who certainly let out' that drop' of Demoeiauc blood, if it
was ever iu his veins, is flouting the Government into the
old moorings of Federalism, from wlncli it is now evident
his affections have never departed. We have been de-
ceived ; and the soonei we acknowledge the fact the belter.
An open confession is pteferablc lo a vain attempt at con-
cealment. It we go on and cry ' peace, peace, when theie
is no peace,' defeat, certain and inevitable, will be our
lot.'' ^
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I also ask the Cleik
to read what he will find marked on pages 13
and 14.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Nothing of importance he has recommended has suc-
ceeded ; and it is high time that the Democratic organiza-
tion had calculated it* ieckomng,and taken a new depart-
ure. Ilis administration is not the party, and the distinction
must be broadly marked and kept up. The old Demo-
cratic ship ' Union,' the ark which has so long borne up
the covenant of these States is imperiled, and ho! all hands
aboard ! and we may yet rescue her from the bieakersupon
which she is beating. If' wc stretch ourselves out lazily
upon the bank, and manifesta serene indifference, or reck-
less disregard of consequences, *.he will be dashed to pieces
within sight of the shore, and for the want of the assistance
we can render. If, however, we select the light man lora
comnianiiei, one who has great qualities, and not one for
his supposed availability, (wc have had enough of that in
all conscience;) inscribe our old principles upon our flag,
and turn away fiom this Administration, as we would tiom
.the Angel of Death, she will ride safely into port, a little
strained, it may be, by the tempest, but well fitted to per-
form many other voyages. But it wc make a misstep, we
may proclaim as much as we please to the troubled u ators,
4 peace, be still,5 and they will rage and loar on, and soon
close over the vessel; then we shall be adrilt upon the
boundless ocean oi uncertainty, with not a plank or splinter
to hold us above the suiging billows."
it it it it it it *
" But, Mr. Chairman, I have already trespassed too long
upon your patience and that of the committee. 1 have saul
what I have upon my own responsibility, more in sonow
than anger, and from a deep sense of public duty and obli-
gation to the Democracy of Illinois. I might say much in
addition, but will refrain. Perliap*, after all, the Admin*
istiation is to be pitied for its weakness, lather than cen-
sured for its crimes. One thing is eeitain : it has lost the
respect and confidence of Congress and the countiy, and
will expire
" 1 Unwept, unhonored, and unsung.'
I expect, however, to see the Democratic party spring,
phccnix-like, from its ashes. That party, sir, has been the
hope of the Republic ; and if it will only be tiue to ib-elf,
true to its integrity and its principles, this Union will con-
tinue, in a political sen^e, the star of Bethlehem to the
dovvn-tiodden nation* of the woild ; hutil it should attempt
a justification of this wicked and imbecilc Administiation,
(a thing T do not anticipate,) I should fear the mo>t disas-
trous result. Nothing i* mote common than fot the people
to repudiate public servants who ijave disappointed their
just expectation*; and the Piesulent is not invented with
that regal power which should make him an exception to
the rule. The beauty and glory of our Government con-
sists in the accountability of officers?, high and low, to a
constituency.
"The President, sir, 'has been weighed in the balance,
and found wanting;' and no flower of gratitude will ever
bloom upon his grave. If< the evil men do live after them,'
and ' the good is oft interred with their bones,' how unlor
tunate for him. In his efforts to read others out of the
Democratic party, he has riot exactly gotten out himself,
i'or he was never really in it; but he has been the means
of the forfeiture of that confidence it might otherwise have
continued to bestow upon (inn. In other words, lie has
committed political suicide. In his vain endeavors to in-
scribe his name high upon the toll of fame, he has wnttcn
it in sand, and the sporting winds will soon obliterate every
vestige of'it, except the evil deeds connected with it."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, all
1 said of Mr. Buchanan has proved true, and my
predictions have been more than realized. In
every State in which the Democratic party un-
dertook to sustain the Administration and popu-
lar sovereignty at the State election, they were
defeated; and although the Charleston-Baltimore
convention did not pass a resolution approving
the President's policy, such was its effect; and so
odious had it become, that we were borne down
on the dark and disastrous field of November. I
expected nothing else. Indeed, I am surprised that
we accomplished as much as we did. It would
have been a miracle, sir, had we succeeded. Only
the justice of our cause, and the truth of Demo-
cratic doctrines, saved us from utterannihilation.
We had an enemy of itself powciful and wily to
contend with; but when recruited by the Admin-
istration forccs, by addition in the free and divis-
ion in the slave States, he must have heeen blind
indeed who could not foresee the result. Every-
where, all over the country, the friends of the
Constitution and the Union pressed on against
unequal numbers and insurmountable difficulties,
hoping for the best, but. expecting the worst.
Mr. Buchanan could not brook the idea of
Judge Douglas's success, and he brought the
whole power of the Government to bear to defeat
his nomination. When foiled in that, ho brought
that same power and patronage into the field
against the party itself, preferring rather to re-
venge himself and to gratify his malignant pas-
sions,than promote the best interestsofJiis coun-
try. He is the first President who has descended
from lus high position into the cess-pool of party
politics; the only one who has appeared upon the
stump, and made a political speech duung liis
term of office. And he did this against the party
who elevated him to power, and made him all
that he is, except the stains of dishonor and
shame which rest upon him; they are his own.
The friends of Judge Douglas expected him to
carry on his proscription against them; they had
already felt the keen ed^e of the Executive knife,
which
 " was dull and blunt
Till whetted on his btone-hard heart,"
and knew they were to be pursued to the bitter
end. Still they had made up their minds to en-
dure it nil. They did not expect, however, that
he would continue his war upon the party organ-
ization. That was something they had not looked
for. But failing to control that organization, he
became, if possible, more Infuriated, and bore it
down, and the Union with it. His friends in the
South say he will be the last of the constitutional
Presidents: they might, with more propriety, say
he is the first of the constitutional tyrants and
usurpers. He sowed the seeds of the whirlwind,
and now finds himself unable to direct the storm.
The secessionists, who have had his ear, to whom
ho virtually surrendered the Government, and with
whom he has lovingly traveled up to the very
verge of dissolution, now that he stands shiver-
ing on the brink, and refuses to take the last final
leap, turn their keen blades upon him, and he
cries to those he has abused for help. Cardinal
Woolsey said:
" Had I but served my God
With halt'the zeal I reived my King,
Tie would not, in my age,
Have left me naked to mine enemies."
If Mr. Buchanan had served his country as
faithfully as he served his passions and his hatreds,
he would not now be an object of such universal
disrespec^and abhorrence. None are so cied-
ulous as to confide m him, for he lias been false
to every promise, and treacherous to every friend
and trust—
'• As sonic ill-guided bark, well built and tall,
Which angiy tides east out on desert shore,
And then, retainer, le!t it there to rot
And nioldet in the winds and rain* ot Heaven ; '
So he, cutfiom rhe sympathies of lite.
And cast ashore fiom pleasure's bo;sieious surge,
A wandering, weary, worn, and helpless thing,
A scorched and desolate and blasted soul,
A gloomy wilderness of dying thought,
Ripening, will groan, and wither from the earth."
One thing, Mr. Chairman, I regret. Two years
ago, I proposed to bring in articles of impeach-
ment against the President. My own conviction
prompted me to do so; butl allowed myself to be
persuaded to act otherwise. Consequently, many
material and important facts which could have
been placed in official form have not been as fully
established as they might have been. Yet enough
is known, and far too muoh, for the honor and
credit of our country. The fact, sir, is notorious
that corruption has been rank in all the Execu-
tive Departments of the Government; that they
lay around us a mass of moral and political putre-
faction; that from the highest to the lowest they
have plundered the public coffers, poisoned the
channels of national virtueyprostituted to unholy
purposes the highest obligations of patriotismy
tarnished the national honor, and destroyed the
national credit. No man has, in speech, prated
more loudly of virtue and morality than the Pres-
ident. ISo man in his practice has observed them
less. With the evidence furnished by the com-
mittees of this House, and its deliberate verdict;
authoritatively expressed, that his administration
has been guilty of the most shocking venality in
letting contracts to favorite parasites—I will not
say that there has been a division of the spoils,
although that is generally believed—and with hU 
own letter en record advising such abuse of patron-
age for partisan purposes, he speaks as though
he condemns such practices, and claims great
credit and praise as due to himself for rebuking^
them! This is done, however, after lie has been
convicted. Deceitful man! "be sure your sins
will find you out." As if to add to the shame and
aggravation of his guilt, at the moment he was
levying contributions upon Wendell and other
public officers for the basest partisan purposes,
he was writing his lachrymose " Fort Du GLuesue
letter," deploring the existence of such iniquities,
and predicting their ruinous consequences upon:
the country! While wo condemn his duplicity,
we must acknowledge heh^s proved, by his works,
the truth of his prophecy. He preaches like a
patriot, but practices like a traitor.
The historian delights in a variety of charac-
ters, no less than the writer of tragedy or farce,
for they give interest to his work. JNo one, per-
haps, attracts more attention than the self-right-
eous ruler who sheds copious tears over the decay
of public virtue. In the history of America, Mr.
Buchanan will be presented as the proscriptive
tyrant, the re warder of perfidy,the squanderer of
the public treasure, and the destroyer of the pub-
lic peace. In whatever picture may be hereafter
drawn of his administration, he will appear in
the foreground, the anguish of guilt working in
the hard lines of his face, yet with his lips preach-
ing to his countrymen of honesty, economy,
Union, and brotherly love ! If we had a Shaks-
peare to write the play, the American people
would much prefer to see it enacted on the stage
than to experience, as they have had to do, all
the dreadful eon&'equcnces resulting from its real-
ity. I am willing to concede, sir, that we were
bad enough before; that extravagance, folly, and
a disregard of those obligations necessary to be
observed among men for the preservation of so-
ciety, had, to an alarming extent, taken posses-
sion of the public mind; that we had become too
much a nation of sordid and mercenary money-
getters, rather than a nation of Christian patriots,
and had forgotten the fearful lesson that history
has taught us in regard to the fate of other Repub-
lics. But under the reign of this Administration,
and stimulated by its pernicious example, mat-
ters have grown far worse. Well may one exclaim,
in tones of sadness, " 0 tempora ! Omores/" Dis-
sipation and crime now revel m high places, and
frauds and peculations by public officers have be-
come a matter of frequent occurrence, and, even
when detected and exposed, they scarcely stir or
shock the public feeling, so familiar have men
become with the " hideous mein)s of vice. In-
deed, we may think ourselves fortunate if, with
the loss of the Government, we do not lose those
stern and heroic virtues which can alone preserve
the public liberty, and keep from our posterity
the dark night of anarchy. He must be stone
blind who cannot see a retrograde movement
going on, which, if not quickly checked, will
terminate our independence. In this experiment
of government, we are not so far in advance of
the nations of antiquity that we can boast of our
security or refuse to profit by their examples. Bad
ruleis and unscrupulous demagogues corrupted
the fountains of their virtue, and sowed in them
the seeds of decay. Their fate wi^gLe our fate,
unless we are protected by a more Energetic and
watchful guardianship. Had public officers in
England, France, Germany, or Russia, done a
