1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
36th Cong....2d Sess. The Crisis—Its Causes, and the way to meet it—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
tithe of what has been done by our public officers
within the last four years, they would have for-
feited their lives, ana their memories would be
held in universal detestation. I am thankful,
however, to know that there is one man who,
though tampered with and tempted by this Ad-
ministration, could not be corrupted or bought by
money. I allude, as all will readily see, to Col-
onel John W. Forney, the distinguished Clerk
of this House, and the fearless patriot, to whose
memory posterity will rear a monument of ven-
eration and gratitude, if they have respect for an
incorruptible representative of the press.
But worse, far worse, remains to be told.' Pub-
lic functionaries have long been allowed to parade
through the Departments wearing the cockade and
palmetto leaf of South Carolina, deriding the
Union, and insulting northern Democrats, with-
out being even rebuked. Treason seems to have
been a sure passport to Mr. Buchanan's favor.
Instead of having those men arrested and indicted
as the enemies of the country, they were allowed
to fill its high places,and to live upon its money
until they thought themselves ready to consum-
mate the final act of betrayment, and turn the
Government over to its enemies. It was an-
nounced in the papers of this city that a member
of the Cabinet haa gone with the President's per-
mission as a commissioner from his State to an-
other State on the business of secession. Yes, he
obtained leave of absence from his office to go on
a mission of destruction against the Government
he was serving as a public functionary! The
bare fact is of itself so incredible, and the act so
monstrous, that it has not shocked us, by its very
enormity! No similar act can be found recorded
in the history of the world; and posterity, when
they read it, will be slow to believe it. Such con-
duct duplicated a few times, and the people will
drive us from this Capitol as Christ did the
money changers from the Temple of Jerusalem,
with a scourge, and they ought to do it. 1 know
we did not authorize the act, but we sit here
quietly without even rebuking it, when we ought
to be arousing the nation to a proper sense of dan-
ger. We shall not be held guiltless when called
to render our account. Clerks were also allowed
leave of absence, receiving their pay in the mean
time, while they went about to stir up strife and
disunion. Friendship for Judge Douglas was made
a party test by the President. Locompton was
made a party test; but it was as nothing m his
sight that the stars and stripes should be super-
seded by the palmetto; that the proud biid,
emblematic of strength and freedom, should be
strangled by the steathly serpent. It seems that
a public officer can be hostile to the Government,
and yet retain his place.
Can thc->e things be,
And overcome us like a summer's cloud ?*'
Can these things be, and yet we, who have
been placed as Representatives upon the watch-
towerof liberty, remain silent, and sound no sin-
gle note of alarm ? Let others do as they may;
as for myself 1 shall " cry aloud and spare not."
My children shall not reproach my memory, after
I shall have passed away, with the reflection that
I was too timid and servile to warn my country-
men of the dangers and corruptions surround-
ing them. English historians, biogiapheis, and
statesmen, never disclose the real character of their
kings until they have been long dead. It is only
in this latter day that Thackeray is revealing the
laziness, extravagance, and gluttony of George
IV. The English historians, biographers, and
statesmen, arc wrong. The evil that men do, es-
pecially the evil deeds of high public functiona-
nes, should be told while they live, that others
may profit by their example, and not expect to
escape with impunity. God forbid, sir, that, as
a humble Representative of the American people,
I should be afraid to tell the truth. If truth is
violent, then I am violent. Look around you,
upon every hand, and what do you see but the
most fearful and alarming indications? And the
central figure in this scene of gloom, with storm
clouds lowering above it, is James Buchanan;
solely responsible for it all. His arms are folded,
and he says, with the semblance of complacency,
'•Tliou canst not fcay 1 did it.""
And who else did it? Was it the people ? Was
it Congress?
The President comes forward in his late mes-
sage with a review of his whole policy, and files
a technical plea in his own defense. He has
opened afresh the old wounds, traveled over his
beaten track, and'repeated again his thrice-told
tale. As long, sir, as he persists in placing others
in the wrong when the sin is at his own door, so
long will I meet an(J expose that wrong, and stamp
his conduct with the die of reprobation.
The literary character of his message is good.
Its sentences are flowing. Its periods are well
rounded; but this is the only compliment that can
be justly paid to it. As a State paper, its in-
congruities and contradictions have rarely been
equaled, and cfirtainly never excelled. Its prem-
ises are false; its conclusions are impotent; its
assumptions arrogant; its history untrue, and its
spirit sectional. He sees nothing right in the
North, nothing wrong in the South. He labors
zealously to create the impression that the pop-
ular-sovereignty Democracy arc alone responsible
for the defeat of the party, and the ills that have
befallen us. Especially does he seek to wipe from
his record his Lecompton fraud and folly.
I ask the Clerk to read that part of the message
pertaining to this subject, which I have marked:
The Clerk read the following:
" The Lceompton constitution, which had been thus ree -
ogm/,ed at this State election by the votes of both political
parties in Kansas, was transmitted to me with the request
that I should present it to Congress. This I couldnothave
refused to do without violating my dearest and strongest
convictions of duty. The Constitution, and all the pro-
ceedings which preceded and followed its formation, were
fair and regular on their lace. I then believed, and expe-
rience has proved, that the interests of the people of
Kansas would have been best consulted by its admission as
a State into the Union, especially n* the mujonty, within
a buef period, could have amended the constitution ac-
cording to their will and pleasure. If fiaud existed in all
or any of these pioecednigs, it was not lbi the Purulent,
but tor Congress, to investigate and detennlne the question
of fraud, and what ought to be its consequences. If, at
the first two elections, the uiajouty refused to vote, it can-
not be pretended that tin* lefusal to exercise the elective
fiaridiise could invalidate an election fairly held under law-
ful authority, even it they had not subsequently voted at the
third election. It is true that the whole constitution had
not been submitted to the people, as I always desired : but
the precedents aio numerous of the admission of States
into the Union without such submission."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It is surprising, Mr.
Chairman, how suddenly docile the President has
become. When he sent us the Lecompton con-
stitution with a special message, lie was as fero-
cious as a tiger; now he is as mild as an infant.
The first thing observable in Ins language is, that
it is not correct. He tells us that a copy of the
Lecompton constitution was transmitted to him
with a request that " he would lay it before Con-
gress; and he could not refuse to do it without
violating his clearest and strongest convictions of
duty." Who transmitted theconstitution to him?
Who made the request he refers to o f him? Not
the convention who framed it, as he seeks to make
us believe; for that body directed their President,
Mr. Calhoun, to present it to Congress, not to
Mr. Buchanan. It made no request of him to
interfere in any way with it. How, then, did he
get a copy of it? He got it from John Calhoun,
who violated his instructions and duty in giving
it to him; and no one familiar with the facts can
doubt there was connivance between them. Hav-
ing obtained it in this manner, he thrust it upon
us with all the arrogance of a dictator, while
now he endeavors to create the impression that
he was only performing a public duty " by ic-
quost." And then again, he had nothing to do
with the " fraud." "if," says he, "fraud ex-
isted in all these proceedings"—nllnding to the
constitution and the proceedings of the conven-
tion—" it was not for the President, but Congress,
to investigate the question of fraud, and what
ought to be its consequences." Why did he not
give us that advice when he sent us the consti-
tution? and why has he said over and over we
should have received it withoutregard tothefraud?
All that the anti-Lecompton members wanted
was to have those "frauds" investigated: but in
that the Administration defeated them. None
labored more zealously than did the Pres.dent
himself to prevent ail investigation. And now
he tells us it was our business to look into those
"frauds." Verily, things have changed! Why
did he not send us a copy of the constitution of
Oregon and of Minnesota, accompanying each
with a special message instructing us in our duty
in regard to them. He could have obtained such
copies in the same way he got a copy of the Le-
compton constitution—by fraudulent connivance.
It was no concern of his, sir, whether that consti-
tution ever came before Congress. Its presentation
was not within the range or scope of his constitu-
tional duties; and the act was itself a usurpation of
authority,and the manner in which it was done an
insult to the nation. But hear him again. "It does
not," he says, "comport with my present pur-
pose to review the proceedings of Congress upon
the Lecompton constitution. I very much fear,
sir, the time will never arrive when it will "com-
port" with his purpose to do so. The dark and
bloody pages of that iniquity he will leave for '
others to write. Threats, money, and patronage,
were freely used to control the action of Congress.
There i%not recorded in the history of the world
a more fearful legislative struggle. Power, hold-
ing in its hands the bribes of office and the bland-
ishments of wealth, stood on the one side, and
justice and liberty and right on the other.
Abandoning the principles on which he was
elected, tearing into fragments the very platform
on which he stood, he scrupled at no means, and
paused at no obstacle, in the consummation of his
wicked design. It is useless to deny the fact that
his Kansas policy is the cause of our present trou-
bles. Had he conformed to the instructionslie gave
to Governor Walker, there would have been no
Republican party to-day. Abraham Lincoln would
not now be President elect of the United States.
But he chose to abandon them, and to cast his
bosom friend on the sacrificial altar, without one
symptom of feeling or regret. Two small meet-
ings were held, one I think in Georgia, and the
other m Alabama, (I speak from recollection,)
denouncing Governor Walker for failing to give
sufficient protection to slave property in the Ter-
ritory. Mr. Buchanan took alarm, equivocated
at first, and then went over to the views of the
extremists of.the South. The country, no, not
even the South, only a handful of fire-eaters, asked
him to do it. The Democratic party everywhere,
all over the States, was solemnly and religiously
pledged to the doctrine of non-intervention, both
in the States and Territories. No one understood
this better than the President, and no one had
more emphatically committed himself to the pub-
lico sustain that pledge. It was believed on all
hands that we had at last found a common ground
where ali could meet and shake hands in harmo-
nious agreement on the slavery question. Leav-
ing the matter to be controlled by the people was
but sustaining the great doctrine of popular liberty;
and doing equal justice to all: apd so it would be
regarded at this day, if Mr. Buchanan had not
attempted the folly of making slave States where
there are no negroes, and nationalizing the insti-
tution of slavery.
Having made up his mind to surrender himself
up to the extremists of the South, he could not
go too far. A constitution " reeking with blood
and fraud" must be thrust down the throats of
an unwilling people. The timid northern Dem-
ocrat was driven from his position, and an effort
made to force a general retreat, and convert the
whole Government into a slavery-propagating
machine; to establish the heretical doctrine that
slavery is spread by the Constitution wherever it
operates, instead of being dependent on munici-
pal regulations, and subject to the control of the
people in each locality. Knowing this, and well
understanding the temper of Mr. Buchanan, and
that he was a mere epitome of timidity, not to say
cowardice, the secessionists and nulhfiers saw it
was their time to strike. Mr. Yancey came forth,
and Alabama changed fronts on the Subject. That
gentleman, an agitator on principle and in prac-
tice, had tried, m 1850, to dissolve the Union in
consequence of the passage of the compromise
measures, but failed. His wild and reckless
schemes of disunion fell before the unerring fire of
the great Clay. Now, however, was his chance
to consummate his long settled purpose to break
up the Government. South Carolina hod been
restless and dissatisfied since the year 1832, at
which time her own gifted and patriotic son, the
great and immortal Jackson, had put out the fires
of civil war within her limits, and quelled her tur-
bulent temper. Now was her time. Nowwasalso
