636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
morial that was presented by himself has not been
put to the Senate; and inasmuch as a good deal
that has been said by Senators has been on other
topics, the Chair submits that it would be better
to put that motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe the Senate has
not printed a memorial since I have been a mem-
ber of the Senate.
Mr. PITCH. The question should go to the
Committee on Printing, under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will take
that direction.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I am
honored by the request to present to the Senate
a petition signed, as I am informed, by thirty-four
hundred citizens of the State of Massachusetts,
recommending the proposition which I have sub-
mitted for the settlement of the difficulties which
are now impending over the country. When I
came in just now, Mr. President, I heard my friend
from New Hampshire—who was on the floor, in
his usual pleasant and agreeable style, addressing
theSenate—allude to adispatch which he had seen
published, signed by myself and others, express-
ing a hope and a belief that these difficulties would
in some mariner or other be adjusted by the pres-
ent Congress. I do entertain that hope, sir; and
that hope is encouraged and cherished in me, not
only by the anticipation which I have that that
patriotic gentleman himself may give assistance
to such a settlement before the conclusion of the
session, but I find a further and a higher exhor-
tation to that faith in the various petitions from
the people that are coming up to this body. The
heart of the country desires a settlement. I hope
it will be made; and I hope, as we met here, so
wc shall part, in peace, and with an adjustment
that will send a thrill of joy throughout all this
country. I move that the petition be read and
laid on the table. It is very short.
The Secretary read the petition, as follows*
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives in Congress assembled:
The; umleisigiieUjCjtizon.N of the State oi'iVJassaohusrtt.'-,
brhfivhiq that the piopo-iuon of Hon. J. J. Crittenden,
ofKentUfky, presents a practical basis for tlic settlement
of the questions now disturbing the peace ot the country,
respecttully pray that the same may be adopted.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SIMMONS presented a petition of im-
porting merchants of the city of New York, pray-
ing that the tariff bill maybe postponed until the
next session of Congress; which was referred to
the select committee on the tariff.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens of
Stearns and Todd counties, in Minnesota, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from St.
Cloud, Minnesota, to Janesville, Wisconsin;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of St.
Cloud, praying the establishment of a mail route
from St. Cloud, Minnesota, to Superior City,
Wisconsin; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Su-
perior City, Wisconsin, praying the establish-
ment of a weekly mail route from St. Cloud, Min-
nesota, to Superior City, Wisconsin; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr, FOSTER. Mr. President, I present the
petition of William Fitch,a masterof the fishing
vessel William A. Wilbur. The petition is also
signed by four other masters of fishing vessels,
and by (livers of their crews, all citizens of Con-
necticut, engaged in fishing on the southern coast,
along the Gulf of Mexico and the coast of Flor-
ida, setting forth that their vessels have been
seized, and that they have been compelled to pay
from two hundred to three hundred dollars, or
suffer imprisonment, in order to obtain a license
from the State of Florida. They say that they
have been engaged in this business for many
years; they have a license under the laws of the
United States; and arc pursume,as they suppose,
a lawful and proper business. They have caught
no fish, and have not fished m the .waters of
Florida, nor have they fished within a marine
league of the coast of Florida. Under these cir-
cumstances, they ask the protection of the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. I move
that the petition, together with the affidavits ac-
companying it, be referred to the Committee on
the judiaiary.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 550) to authorize the em-
ployment of volunteers, to aid in enforcing the laws, ajid
protecting the public property, refened tn the Committee
on Military Affairs anil Militia yesterday, be printed.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 553) for the better organi-
zation of the militia of the District of Columbia be printed.
REPORTS EKOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, made in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of June S3,1860, calling
for information upon various subjects pertaining
to the naval establishment,submitted a motion to
print the report; which was referred to tlio Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
356) for the relief of the creditors of Daniel B.
Yondersmith, reported it without amendment, and
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE,from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 864)
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending June_30, 1862, reported it with amend-
ments; which were ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 892) making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,18G2, reported it with amendments;
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred a
report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
in obedience to law, statements showing the con-
tracts made under the authority of that Depart-
ment during the year 1860, submitted a motion to
print the report; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (JS. No. 551) for the relief of Hockaday &
Liggit, reported it without amendment.
CAPTAIN SIMPSON'S REPORT.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to this body, a copy of the report of Captain II.
Simpson,of the Topo^i-apliical Engineers, United States
Army, on his explorations across the Great liasm of Utah
Territory, foi a diiect wagon route fiom Camp Floyd to
Genoa, in Carson Valley, m 1S59.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to give notice, that
to-morrow, I shall ask the Senate to take up the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN At what hour ?
Mr. PEARCE. Atone o'clock.
F. M. BEAOCIIAMP AND BETSY D. TOWNSEND.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the bill for
the relief of F. M. Beauchamp and Betsy JL). Town-
send.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 919) for the relief of F. M. Beauchamp and
Betsy D. Townsend, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to release F.
M. Beauchamp and Betsy P. Townsend from the
payment of the sum of $4,000, and all interest
thereon, being the principal of a replevin bond ex-
ecuted by Beauchamp, as principal, and Town-
send, as his security, on the 21st of November,
I860, payable to the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case.
Mr. POWELL. There is no report; but I can
state to the Senate in a very few words the merits
of this case. A son of Mr. Beauchamp, for whose
benefit this act is proposed, a lad of sixteen and
a half years old, was placed in a little country
store near the residence of his father in Kentucky,
in which store there was kept a post office. This
boy was charged with having taken from a letter
in the post office twenty-six dollars. He was
indicted in the United States court for the Ken-
tucky district, and his father went his security in
a bail bond in the penalty of $4,000. The boy
did not make his'appearance, the bail bond was'
forfeited, and judgment was entered against the
father for the penalty of §4,000. Execution is-
sued upon the judgment; and it was replevied by
his mother-in-law, Betsy Townsend, going the
security. Execution, I think, has now issued
upon that replevin bond, and is levied upon all
the property that is owned by this person.
The House of Representatives passed the bill
unanimously; and the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads of the Senate have recom-
mended its passage here. If that bond is collected,
it will utterly beggar and bankrupt this old gen-
tleman, who is a most worthy citizen. Incon-
sequence of the extreme youth of his son, and
the excessive bail, I think it a most meritorious
case. The committee in the other House unani-
mously reported in favor of its passage, the House
unanimously passed it, and the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads of the Senate recom-
mend its passage. Without further remark, I
hope the bill will be passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have listened to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, and, if I understand the
ground upon which he puts this case, it will do
away with the necessity of taking recognizances
or bail bonds in the future. It seems that a per-
son was indicted for a criminal offense; he gave
security for his appearance to answer for that
criminal olfense; he failed to comply; he did not
appear; his recognizance was forfeited; and now
his security asks to be relieved—upon what
ground? Upon the ground that the security is
poor, and it will be a liaidship for him to pay the
bond. That is all, except you may add one other
circumstancc, that the person committing the
offense, or charged with the commission of the
offense, was a young man, and the son of the per-
son who gave the bail.bond. It seems to me it
is a most extraordinary case. I know the Sena-
tor from Kentucky said that the amount of the
bond was large, and he proposes to release the
paity from the whole of it. If there was any ex-
cessive bail requited, the most that could bedone
would be to reduce the amount to a reasonable
sum, if we were better capable of judging what a
reasonable sum was, than the court in Kentucky
which fixed the amount. It seems to mo there is
no reason in the world given for releasing these
securities, cxcept the simple one appealing to our
sympathy; and if securities are to be released on
that ground, there will be no use hereafter in tak-
ing bonds. That is all there is in this case. There
are no special facts here. I have sent for the pa-
pers, but have not had time to read them all; but
I understand from the Senator from Kentucky,
who advocates the claim, that that is all there is
of it.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
ease, without making an argument. If they are
prepared to vote to release parties from their bail
bonds oil the ground that it is a hardship for the
securities to pay them when the principals escape,
be it so. The presumption would be that this
young man was within the control of his father,
and he can get a release from the bail bond by
surrendering his son to answer the offense with
which he is charged.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair feels
it to be his duty to call up the special order at this
hour.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the special order
be postponed until this bill be disposed of. It will
take but a few minutes.
Mr. GWIN. 1 am willing that the special
order shall go over informally.
Mr. POWELL. That is all I ask.
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What is the special order
at this time ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are two
special Orders. One is the Pacific railroad bill,
which is the unfinished business and has prece-
dence. The other is the motion to print the Pres-
ident's message communicating the resolutions of
the Virginia Legislature, on which the Senator
from North Carolina is entitled to the floor.
, Mr. CLINGMAN. As I understand from the
chair that the Pacific railroad bill now takes pre-
cedence, I do not wish to interfere with the anx-
iety of the Senator from California to dispose of
