1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
36tii Co±sG....2d Sess. The Crisis—Its Causes, and the tuay to meet it—Mr. Morris,
Ho. of Beps.
Carolina—the State that bred a Marion, a Sumter,
and a Hayne. She has been making a beat, and
is driving other States under her deadfall/ The
ostensible reason for their action is, that the peo-
ple of the North interfere with their peculiarinsti-
tution of slavery, and that some of the northern
States have passed personal liberty hills. I could
understand these complaints if they came from
Virginia, Maryland, Kentucky, or Missouri,
these being border States; but they arc utterly
incomprehensible coming from South Carolina
and other cotton States. I will venture the asser-
tion, Mr. Chairman, that the people of Illinois
have had more horses stolen from them in the
last year than South Carolina has lost negroes
in the last fifty years; and yet they do not threaten
to take their State out of the Union in consequence
of it. Nor do border slave States desire to go out,
though they may, and probably will in the end,
go. The personal liberty bills are all wrong, and
ought to be, and I hope will be, repealed; but it
is idle to say that those laws, some of which have
been in operation for years, cause the action of the
seceding States. They are determined to be sat-
isfied with nothing but withdrawal. The seces-
sionists hate the Union, and want to shake it off.
A distinguished Kenfuckian well said, thatif they
had elected Mr. Breckinridge they had determined
to demand thereopeningof the African slave trade,
require the repeal of the compromise of 1850 abol-
ishing the slave trade in the District of Columbia,
and the passage of a law by Congress protecting
slavery in the Territories. These demands they
knew could never be complied with; and having
been refused, they were then to serve as a pretext
for going out of the Union. «, What they will gam
by going, T do not propose to inquire; what they
will lose, they will find out soon enough for them-
selves. Go they say they must; and go they will.
They refuse to listen to any proposition for ad-
justment or compromise; and none will satisfy
them. A strange and unaccountable hallucination
has possessed them, ork< there is a method in their
madness.'5 The teachings of Mr. Calhoun tire now
bearing their legitimate fruits. His whole life was
directed to the destruction of the Union; and those
taught in his school have at last effected his great
design. Nullification blossomed in 1832 and rip-
ened in 18G0. The cotton States are intoxicated
with the idea that cotton is king, when, in fact, it
does not equal in value the hay crop of the North,
and falls so infinitely below the value of the hay
and grain crop together, and the value of our pork
and beef, thata tabulareomparison is useless. The
Senatorfrom whom I have quoted before, and who
but repeats the views of all the secessionists, says
upon this subject: i
"• Then, sir, for the third or fourth time—and I trust that I j
may be peimitted to go on—I sav that cotton is Kmc, and j
that he waves iii^ scepter not onlv over the«e thirty-throe !
Htates>, but <5vei the Mand ofGicat Britain mid over eonti- j
ncnta! Eutope, and that there k do crowned hear! upon j
that ls-land, or upon the continent, that does not bond the I
knee in teaity and acknowledge allegiance to that monarch. I
There are five million people m Groat Rntam who live t
upon cotton. You may make a short crop of giain. and it j
will never affect them; but\oumay cram their granaries
to hunting; you may eiam them until the corn .ictually is [
lilting the shingles from the rooN oi their brims; and, ox- J
haust the s-upply of cotton for one week, and ail England
isfclai vmg; and we know what men do when sutieim^tioin
limine. They do not buist open bams and divide the coin.
In their frenzy, they burn and dcstiov.
" You suppose that numbers constitute the strength of
Governments in this da>. I tell >ou that it is not blood;
if i-, the nnhtiuy ehe<t; it is the almighty dollar. When
you have lo^t >our market; when your operatives ate
turned out; when youi capitalist-5 arc broken, will you go
to dneet taxation When \ou cea- e to have exports, will
you have import? i uin down a factory that yields ten,
fifteen, twenty, twenty-fnc thousand dollar a year to us
ovv noi, and he goes to the wall. DimiiNs the opeiativc-j j
stop the motion of his machinery, and he is a* thoroughly ;
broken as ;f his factoty wcie burnt; for the time, he is j
bankiup? These ate matters foi jour eoiwdeiation." ;
Mr. Chairman, there never was a greater de- •
lusion than that " cotton is king." You might ■
blot out of existence all the cotton States to-day, '
and the woild would move on without hardly i
fueling the shook. Wc in this country ctmld, in !
two years, raise a flax crop which would moie !
than equal m value the cotton crop. And what
is more, our wives and daughters eoul'd spin and
weave it; and with wool, could make fabrics pref-
erable tn those made of cotton. The fact is, they
they never liked calico much anyhow; and always
protested against their husbands and sons dress-
ing up in cotton ! They could and would do more
than this, sir: they could and would drive with
their distaffs every enemy from the country.
But, to be more serious, the cotton worshipers
prove too much by their position. It can, on
their hypothesis, be proven that.the negro is king.
" Cotton is king," they tell us. The negro is
cotton; therefore, the negro is king. Some Athe-
nian ruler, I believe it was, proved in this way
that his son governed the world. But it is folly—
madness—to talk about cotton being king. We
can do without cotton; but the people of the cot-
ton States cannot do without our breadstuff's and
meats. They cannot livS, sir, without them. If
there is any " king" in this country, it is "King
Agriculture." It is the farmer, sir, who is hon-
estly fulfilling the commands of Deity; living
"by the sweat of his brow," and notupon servile
labor. These boastings and comparisons arc,
however, distasteful to me; and I turn away from
flicm with pleasure.
All parts of our country can be of mutual
advantage to each other; and it is chimerical for
the people of the cotton States to suppose that
they can starve the operatives of the INouh, and
bring England and continental Europe to their
feet. They have no such an idea. It is a boast.
They do, however, hope-to trade, free of duty,
with att the ports of the world. This is one great
object of secession; another is, to be left with
unrestricted liberty to reopen the African slave
trade, and supply their plantations with slave
labor from the coast of Africa, at a less cost than
they can supply them from Virginia and the
other States. Within two years, if they have an
independent government of their own, cargo after
cargo of slaves will be discharged in every south-
ern port; and that inhuman and horrible traffic
will be carried on to an extenthitherto unknown,
unless it is preventer!, as 1 hope it may be, by the
vessels of foreign nations and our own. Seces-
sion is a question, not of religion, polities, or
humanity, but of dollars and cents. Now, the
negro is looked to as only a money-making ma-
chine.
Gentlemen tell us on this floor that they did
not come here to excuse slavery as their fathers
excused it: that they are governed in regard to
it by no sickly sentimentality; that they will not
treat it as purely a political matter, and upon the
ground that it had been forced upon us by the
British •Government. They arc too wise to re-
gard-it as Henry Clay and other eminent south-
ern statesmen said it ought to be regarded. They
have traveled by all the old landmarks set up by
the frarners and contemporaneous expounders o'f
the Constitution, and now have all satis set, and
all hands on botud to pass into new seas, and to
found a new Government alone on the basis of
negro slavery and cotton, instead of upon the
rights of man ! They tell us, as plainly as actions
can speak, that they cannot live in p^ace with a
Democracy, and must setup a household for them-
selves. The President said to them by his policy,
" depart in peace, and take your portion of goods."
I will not, sir, lift the vail that separates the future
froui the jnesent. But he must be a poor reader of
human events who cannot behold thoend. Howell
Cobb, of Georgia, described it well in 1851, when
he was gallantly resisting secession, instead of
preaching treason, as he is now. In a publication
which he made at that time, he said:
"Rut if a collision of arms between the State* compos-
ing our glouous Confedeiaey should cwi eonie, it requires
nopmphet to pr< diet the result Tkc Union voul.l full be-
neath (hcveiskt of revolution and Hood, and fall, I tear, to
rise no more.''
The President, who has been, until within a few
days, the special organ and coadjutor of the se-
cessionists, in his late message draws a gloomy
I picture of southern society now.and foreshadows
the future m what will be all its terrible reality.
Hear his words:
"The immediate peril arises, not *o much from the«e
! educes, a* tronj the lact that the incessant and uoient agi-
tation the slavery question tiiroi.jhout the IVorth for the
last quarter ot a ceiitiuy, has at length ptodneed it<malign '
influence on the slaves, and in-pned them with v.icue no- I
tion-j of freedom. Hence a p-mw of :-ecuiuv no Io'il'it o\- j
ists around the family altar. This teelin:?oi p^aee at home !
lias given place to apprHiens-ions of seiviie in-uniectiou. ;
Many a mutton thiounhou; the South jetties- at night m ]
d read of what may betall heieelf and her childien before j
the morning." !
I might go on, Mr. Chairman, and multiply
these quotations; but I forbear. Let disunion be
consummated, and some of us will live to see the
dark pall of death settle upon the " cotton States."
I wish the direful calamity could be averted, and
pray it may be; but it will come as inevitably as
destiny itself. When they venture into the Red
sea, like PharoaU and his hosts, they will be over-
thrown; and instead of reaching the promised
land, flowing with milk and honey, will onlyfind
bitter waters and stinging serpents.
I live, sir, in the heart of the valley of the Up-
per Mississippi, and on the banks of that mighty
river which rises in the far latitude of the north,
and moves on with slow and silent grandeur to
the sea, bearing uf^n its placid bosom oursurplus
productions. I live where the Democratic masses
love the Union, and are conservative, ond where
the riglfts of all are respected. But I tell the South,
especially the inhabitants of the Lower Missis-
sippi, that we already have, in its upper valley,
ten million people, and that we never can, and
we never will, consent to allow any foreign Power
—and they will be foreign when they leave us—
to retain possession and control of the mouth of
that great highway of commerce.- We do not wish
to boast; wc do not intend to threaten; but we do
mean to protect ourselves. Mr. Jefferson, in alet-
ter toiMr. Livingston, when the latter was min-
ister to France, upon that country repurchasing
the Louisiana territory, in 1802, from Spain, in-
structed him to say to the French Government
that it would never be allowed to occupy the
mouth of the Mississippi. All trouble, however,
of the ownership and occupancy by France was
fortunately obviated by the purchase of the terri-
tory from Napoleon I, in 1803. We of the upper
valley view the matter just as Mr. Jefferson did;
and will permit none others than ourselvesto ex-
ercise ownership over thatgateway to (he oceans.
The enemy that shall attempt to keep it from us
will find an army opposing him far more numer-
ous than any that ever besieged imperial Rome,
and blood will How like water. This will be one
of the results of disunion. Civil war between the
North and the South will be another; and soon
the whole land will be convulsed with discord and
deadly strife, and clothed in the habiliments of
woe. He who imagines that these States can live
in peace and good neighborhood with each other
when divided, is insane. If we cannot live to-
gether a we are, how shall we live in peace in
separate governments, with our hatreds and dif-
ferent institutions, when only imaginary lines, or
narrow streams, divide us ? It is worse than de-
lusion to suppose that we can. There never can,
and never will, be allowed but-one nationality in
what are now the limits of the United States. The
contest will probably have been but fairly begun
as we shall pass from the stage of life; and, in-
stead of leaving to our children the priceless inher-
itance of the free and successful Government that
our fathers left to us, we will have entailed upon
them the horrors of intestine feuds and the curses
of desolating wars, produced by vain endeavors
to bring our Government back to its original form
and purity. Oh, sir, that this cup could be turned
from us! My whole heart sickens when I reflect
what bitter dregs our posterity will have to drink;
and. I gladly turn away from the contemplation
of such a melancholy subject.
Mr. Chairman, in 1839 General Jackson be-
lieved himself clothed with sufficient authority,
as the Chief Executive, to suppress the hostile
movement in South Carolina. Before the people
there went half as far as they have gone now, he
directed General Scott to be prepared to act at a
moment's notice, and rendezvous with a fleet in
the vicinity of Charleston; and he had also, by
proclamation, warned the nullifiers to return to
their allegiance to the General Government, or he
would be compelled to bringdown its arm in chas-
tisement upon them. IIow different is it with
Mr. Buchanan! He informs us that he has no
power to act; and if he had, that.it would not be
proper to exeicise it! lie can send an ainiy to
Kansas, whenever there is trouble there; but he
has no army to send against South Carolina,
not even to protect our forts. Oil, no !
It is well known that a military company was
called out in Charleston with the ostensible ob-
ject of protecting the United States arsenal from
