54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
36th Cons.
..2d Sess.
 
The Crisis—Its Causes, and the way to meet it—Mr. Morris.
Ho. op Reps.
mob violence; but with the real intention of pre-
venting Colonel Gardiner from removing ammu-
nition therefrom to Fort Moultrie, of which he
was then the commandant, and had avowed his
determination to maintain. A few days thereafter
Colonel Gardiner was ordered to Texas, and, as
is too painfully evident, at the instance of the
South (Jarolina secessionists. Major Anderson,
who is a southern man by birth and education,
was put in his place. These facts show that the
General Government dared not remove a single
cartridge from that arsenal to the fort, nor dared
the President send a single additional soldier to
its defense, though pressed to do so. Major An-
derson, however, quailed not; but proved himself
a true national patriot, and declared his intention
to fight under the stars and s#ipes to the last ex-
tremity. For refusing him succor, General Cass
left the scuttled ship of State, and fled in dismay.
Others remained as long as there was a hope for
treason, or seemed to be a dollar left to pass
through their hands, or they had a prospect of
rasping off a few more spoonfuls from the dry
bones of the Treasury.
But why did the President refuse to comply
with Major Auderson's requisition ? Because om-
inous warnings had been given that any act on
the part of the General Government to strengthen
Fort Moultrie would be regarded by South Car-
olina as an act of war. This proves that that
State already had its grasp upon the throat of the
General Government, while the poor trembling
victim, represented by Mr. Buchanan, with pro-
truding tongue, eyes straining from their sockets,
with short and painful breath, "crooked hinges
of the knee," outstretched and imploring arms,
and with attempted vocal utterance, implored for
forbearance ana mercy, as a consideration for past
services, and as a last boon from those he has so
faithfully snpported, but who, in this emergency,
have deserted him, until he could give up the
Government to his successor, not caring what be-
came of it thereafter. Why, Mr. Chairman, the
whole country is amazed that the President is not
at once arrested for treason. At last, frightened
at the stain of blood upon his hands, and haunted
by the grim visage of war's rough front, he came
out, in mock solemnity, with a proclamation,
appointing a day of fasting and prayer to Al-
mighty God for the preservation of the Union,
and that day fixed after the time a portion of the
seceding States had agreed on to go outfit, and
South Carolina had gone, and after all the mis-
chief would have been done!' That he has betrayed
his country, we learn from the declaration of Hon.
Mr. Miles, late a member of this House, und now
amemberof the South Carolina seceding conven-
tion. On the 19th of the present month, he said
in the convention, in alluding to Forts Moultrie
and Sumter:
"Xn a conversation, and subsequently in a written com-
munication to the President. I know thix to have been -said:
< If you send a solitary soldicr'to these forts, the instant
the intelligence reaches om people—ami we will take c;uo
that it does roach ug before it can ieach the foits—they will
be taken; bccausc such a coarse is neccssary to our safety
and self-preservation."
Thus does it appear that the hoary-headed be-
trayer was, in advance, in secrct conclave with the
enemies of the Union, listening to their sugges-
tions; and, as time has shown, afterwards follow-
ing their advice. But there is an abundance of
accumulative evidence. A wife, a brave and he-
roic wife, of one of the officers at Fort Moultrie,
so well describes it all, that I ask the Cleric to read
her thrilling letter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Fort Moultiue, December 11, IfifiO.
|)fa.r : I feel too indignant. lean hardly stand
the way in which this weak little garrison is treated by the
head of the Government. Troops and proper accommoda-
tion are positively refused, and jet the.eommander ha-? or-
ders to hold and defend the foit. Was aver such a sacrifice
—an intentional one—known? The Secretary lias sent
several officers, at different times, to inspect here, as? if that
helped. It is a mere sham, to make believe he will do some-
thing. In the mean time a crisis is veiy near. I am to go
to Charleston the first of the week, t will not go furthenf
I can help it.
Within a few days we heai—and from so many somccs
that we cannot doubt it—that the Ciiarlestomans are erect-
ing two batteries, one just opposite us, at a little village-
Mount Pleasant—and another on this end of the island ;
and they daie the commander to mterfeie while they are
getting ready to fight sixty men. In this weak little fort, I
suppose President Buchanan and Secretary Floyd intend
the southern confederation to be cemented with the blood
of this brave little garrison.
Their names shall be handed down to the end of time.
When the last man is shot down, I presume they will
think of sending troops. The soldiers here deserve great
credit, though they know not but what an unequal number is
coming to massacre them, yet they are in good spirits,, and
will fight desperately. Our commander «ays he never saw
such a brave little band. I feel desperately myself. Our
only hope is in God. My love to father and all.
Your affectionate,  .
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Still more. Major
Anderson, seeing that his little army could not pro-
tect itself in Fort Moultrie, by a dexterous and
gallant move took up his position in Fort Sumter,
having first spiked nis«guns and burned the car-
riages. The President was at once called upon by
the disunionists to order him back. The respons-
ibility of the act was more than he dared to
assume. His Cabinet officers accused him of vio-
lating his agreement with them, and breaking his
faith with the secessionists. A Cabinet rupture
followed, and the whole plot was exposed in the
correspondence—and such a chapter in our his-
tory as it will make!
" The vulture of treason feeds
In the bosoms of such men."
It was required that Major Anderson's little
heroic band of sixty-five should be exposed to
ccrtain destruction, by forcing them' back to Moul-
trie. "Was ever such demand made befoi^? jLct
but a drop of blood be spilt at Sumter, or one of
our noble troops be injured, and a million swords
willleapfiom theirscabbards toavenge his wrong,
and vindicate the national honor. For it cannot
be possible—I cannot, I will not, believe it—that
the fires of patriotism have died out all over the
country; that wc arc only the degenerate sonsof a
bravo ancestry, and fit only to be mourners in the
funeral cortege of Liberty, or to desert its stand-
ard in the hour of peril.
One remark here, Mr. Chairman, may not be
inappropriate. The seceding States refuse to the
General Government the revenues collected on
imports; but are willing to have her carry their
mails. The cost of collecting the first is trifling,
while they draw out of the national Treasury for
the latter more than four times the amount of their
postal receipts. This, to them, is agood operation.
They arc willing we should pay tithes of mint
and rue, but deny our right to participate in the
weightier matters of the judgment and the law.
We ought certainly to be grateful for the privilege
allowed us!
But I will return to the Administration, and
trace its action a little further. The late Secre-
tary of the Treasury, Mr. Cobb, divided his time
in getting up hostile demonstrations in his own
State against the Union, and managing a bank-
rupt Treasury, made so by his owj) acts, and from
the beggarly remains of which he ingloriously
fled. With the Government securities in'his hands
he went into the market, and at the moment he
was offering them for sale in Wall street, made
open-mouthed proclamation that the Union would
be dissolved. Yet the President still retained him
in office; and when he voluntarily retired, to fight
the battles of disunion in Georgia, as shown by
his letter of resignation, there were mutual tears
at the separation. They were so loving and
affectionate in their lives that it was sad they
should be separated in the dark hours of their
political death. I thought and said, upon the
stump in my State, during the canvass, that it
was the intention of the President to turn over to
the secessionists the Government as far as he
could; and who can doubt it now, with the full
evidence before us?
It is true, he tells us, that a State has no right
to secede from the Union; that such an act on her
part would be a violation of the Federal compact;
that that compact was made by high contracting
parties—the people of the United States acting in
their sovereign capacity; and that no one State
has a right to determine for herself whether it
has been violated or not. This is all that it should
be^ and I am glad to know that, for once, I can
agree with the Executive. It requires the con-
sent of both parties to bring a State into the
Union; and it i cquiros the consent of both for one
to go out. If the State of Delaware, for instance,
enraged at some real or imaginary grievance, chose
to declare her connection with the General Gov-']
eminent severed, and wc should acknowledge her I
right to do so, and thereby concede the power in
other States to act in like manner, we would be
allowing a population of a few thousand to jeop-
ardize the happiness of millio.ns. The Union was
made for all, and not for a part. If a State has
a right to throw oft' her Federal obligations at
pleasure, ours is the weakest and most worthless
Government that was ever founded; and it is a
matter of profound astonishment and wonder that
its great founders were so deceived in it. Polit-
ical ties, solemnized by compact, are as binding
as moral ones entered into by every community,
and which no one citizen has a right to disregard.
But I take it, Mr. Chairman, that it is a polit-
ical axiom that our Government was designed to
be perpetual; that there is no power recognized
by the Constitution whereby a §tate can right-
fully secede from the Union. Had the President
stopped at this point, the whole country would
have been inclined to overlook his short-comings,
and to say " well done;" but he had not the moral
courage to do it. While he claims that a State
has no right to withdraw from the Union, the
Union, he tells us, has no right to keep her in if
she should choose to go—that it has no power of
self-protection or self-preservation. The seced-
ing act of the State is denominated by the Presi-
dent " revolution." If a State has power to rev-
olutionize outside of the Constitution, the General
Government has an equal right to revolutionize to
keep her in. In other words, if she goes out of
the Union, and her right to do so is acknowledged,
she becomes a foreign Power; and we have just
as much right to make war upon her as upon any
other foreign Power. After she has set up a sep-
arate Government for herself, the President seems
to contemplate her as a Government de facto, and
still as a State in the Federal organization; for he
tells us she has a right to go, and yet we have no
power to make war"upon her. He concedes, by
his silence, that she would have power to make
war upon us. Herein the President mistakes the
proposition. South Carolina, by the very act of
secession, declares war against the General Gov-
ernment, and the General Government cannot do
otherwise than consider her as an enemy, and
treat her as such. The coriectness of this prop-
osition cannot be questioned, if the right to secede
is based upon the right of revolution.
But, in a matter of such grave and serious im-
port, let us not be confounded by terms. The
right of revolution exists only in the majority of
the people composing the existing Government;
for in them alone is vested the power to changc.
Webster andothereminent lexicographers define
it thus:-" in politics, a material or entire change
in the constitution of government." I do. not
understand the secessionists to say that they ex-
pect to change or " revolutionize" our Govern-
ment. What they insist on is, that they have the
right to go out of it, and will go in disregard of
its wishes, or the rights of the remaining States,
and in contempt of the national sovereignty. The
remaining States have just as much right to com-
pel a State to stay in,as that State has a right to
go forcibly out. Each party puts a different con-
struction on the compact; and according to the
doctrine of the secessionists themselves, each
would have the right to enforce their views; and
it then becomes merely a question of military
power and prowess. Do you call that revolution,
sir, when two million nine hundred and sixty-one
thousand nine hundred and seven of^i majority of
the popular vote pronounce against secession, as
I have already stated? Away with it; away with
such idle nonsense! If secession, sir, is not trea-
son,it is nothing more or less than rebellion; and
who doubts the power of the Government to sup-
press a rebellion ? But it is treason against the
United States; it is levying war against them; it
is adhering to theirenennes; it is giving them aid
and comfort. That is what it is; and it is nothing
less. The President is afraid to call it by its light
name, and to meet the question as Jackson met
it. Ho rather seeks to construc away the offense,
and to avoid the responsibility. Well may he
exclaim:
"The thorns which I have gathered
Are of the tree I planted;
They pieice me, and I bleed."
Afraid to act in the defense of the interests and
integrity of his Government! How is the chair
