1861.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
t,ane, Latham, Morrill, Polk, Rice, Sebastian, Seward,
Simmons, Sunnier, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfali, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—37.
NAYS—ISIe&sis. Bayard, Bigler, Biagg, Clingman, Fes-
senden. Green, Hluiter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kin2,Ma-
soii, Nicholson, Powell, Saulsbury, and Thomson—I4-
So the bill was passed.
TERRITORY OU IDAHO.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up the bill
provide a temporary government for the Terrir
tory of Jefferson, merely for the purpose of mak-
ing it a special order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. There is a special order for
to-morrow, private bills will come up on Friday;
perhaps the Senate will not sit on Saturday, there
IS a special order for Monday; and I therefore
move to make this bill the special order for Tues-
day at one o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. WILSON. Why
not go on with it now ?
Mr. GREEN. If the Senate will indulge me
five minutes, I think they will take it up now.
Mr. SEWARD. Take your five minutes.
Mr. GREEN. I have conferred with a gen-
tleman from there who desires a change of the
boundaries.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have thatin writing here.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 366) to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Colorado, is now before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole._
Several Senators. That is not it.
Mr. GREEN. That was the way it was re-
ported last session. This session we agreed to
change the name to Jefferson. Now there is an
intention to move a different name. I care noth-
ing about the name.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman allow
me to move that change now ?
Mr. GREEN. I wish to propose a substitute
to the bill. 1 offer what I hold in my hand as a
substitute, because 1 think it is more simple, and
I have made some little changes; one in the boun-
dary, and one in a clause, which I will name to
theSenate, so that they may understand it. This
change is to strike out the words," when admitted
as a State, they may come in with or without
slavery."
Mr. COLLAMER. In all other respects is it
the same ?
Mr. GREEN. I think it is; but it may be read
and compared. I think it ought to be read; for
we ought to legislate understandingly. 1 send to
the Chair a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to amend that
substitute merely in the name. I move, at the
request of the people of that country, that where-
ever the name of Jefferson occurs, Idaho be sub-
stituted for it.
Mr. GREEN". Several citizens from there came
to me, and desired the name to be Jefferson; and
that was the reason I inserted that name; but I
care nothing at all aboutthe name. Inasmuch as
I promised them to propose the name of Jefferson,
I must vote against the Senator's amendment.
Idaho is a very good name. In the Indian lan-
guage it signifies "gem of the mountains." We
proposed the name of Jefferson for this Pike s
Peak region. Some had proposed the name of
Colorado, because the Colorado river is in that
region; but Idaho being an Indian name, and its
meaning being "gem of the mountains," as so
much mineral is found there, it may be very appio-
prifito.   ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont, to strike out " Jefferson " wherever it
occurs in the substitute proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, and insert " Idaho."
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 7; no quorum voting.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
live business. ... .
Mr. COLLAMER. If gentlemen wul insist
on having the yeas and nays, I desire to be hcaid,
I have reasons to give for this change of name.
It is by the desire of the people of that quarter.
It is not a mere matter of fancy. But if there is
another question before the Senate, I must desist.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There are a
good many nominations that ought to be disposed
of; I know of at least one of importance that
ought to be referred promptly.
Mr. GREEN. The motion is not debatable;
but I will say that I think we can get through
with this bill m half an hour, and there will be
no difficulty then in going into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri, and upon that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not iike either name.
I prefer to call it JefFersonia to either. I vote
against this amendment.
Mr. LANE. I am sorry that any motion was
made to change the name. If it had been Idaho
originally, perhaps I should never have objected
to it. That is said to be an Indian word, and to
have a signification—gem of the mountains. I do
not believe it is an Indian word It is a corrup-
tion. No Indian tribe in this nation has that word,
in my opinion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do notunderetand Indian.
Mr. LANE. It is a corruption certainly, a
counterfeit, and ought not to be adopted. I vote
nay.
Mr. CAMERON, (who at first voted in the
negative.) 1 change my vote to gratify my friend
from Vermont, who understands this subject a
great deal better than I do. I have great faith m
him.
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays 13;
as follows:
YEAS—.Messrs. Anthony, Ihngham, 13Cameron,
Chandler, Clnik, Coliamer." Dixon, Hoohttle, Duikee, X^es-
enden, Foster, Grimes, Latham, Monill, lVarce, Polk,
Sewatd, Sumnei, Ten Lvck, Trumbull, Wade, Wigtail, and
Wil-on—D-i.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Douglas, Fitch, Green,
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Mason, Powell, Rice,
Saulsbuiv, and Thomson—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the substitute offered by the Senator
from Missouri, which will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the substitute,
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert in lieu thereof:
That all that part of the teintory of the United States
included withm the lollowmg Hunts, to wit: commencing
u.i the t!urtv-i-evcnth paiallel oi noith latitude, whore the
twenty-filth meudian of longitude west from Washington
erosfce*. the *aine ; thence noith, on said meridian, to the
lortv-fir<t parallel of north latitude; thence along said par-
allel vves-t to the thnty-thnd meridian of longitude west
fiom Washington ; thence south, on said meridian, to the
north hue oi New Mexico; thence along said boundary hue
of New Mexico to the point of interaction of its easterly
part with the thirty-seventh parallel; thence easterly, on
said parallel, to the place of beginning, be, and the same is
herebv, elected into a temporaiy government by the name
of the Teriitory of Idaho: Provided, That nothing in this
act contained siiail be const! uod to impair the lights oi ^per-
son or propeity now pertaining to the Indians in t.iid Ter-
ritory. so longas such rights shall remain unextinguished by
tio.ity between the United States and such Indians, or to
include any teiutory which, by treaty with any Indian tribe,
is not, without the consent of said tribe, to bo included
v/irhm the territorial limits or jurisdiction of any State or
Teimory, but all such terutoiy shall be excepted out of
the boundanes and constitute no part of the Terruoiy of
Idaho, until said tube t-hail signity their absent to the Pres-
ident of the United States to be included within the said
Torutoiv; or to atFect the authority of the Government ot
the United states to make any regulations respecting such
Indian1', their lands, property, oi other rmhts, by tieaty,
law, or'otherwise, which it would have been competent
for the Government to make if this act iiad never passed.
P)Ovided futthcr, That nothing in this act contamed^shall
be construed to inhibit the Government of the United btates
from dividing said Teuitorj into two or moie Teintones,
in suchlnanner and at such times as Congress shall deem
convenient and propel, or from attaching any portion thereof
to any other Territoiy or Stale: Jlnd provided further, That
wheii admitted as a State, the ^aid Territory, or any por-
tion ot the jdnic, shall be received into the Union with or
without s!n\eiv, as their constitution may prescribe at the
time of their admission.
Sec- 2. *'lnd be it further enacted, That the executive
power and authoMy in and over said Temtoiy ot Idano
shall he vested in a'Governoi, who shall hold his ohice lor
four years, and until his successor shall be appointed juid
Qualified, unless sooner removed by the PicMdeut oi ithe
United States. The Governor shall reside within said 1 er-
ntory, shall be commander-in-cblef of the militia thereof,
shall perform the duties and receive the emoluments of
superintendent of Indian affairs, and shall approve all laws
passed by the'Legislative Assembly before they shall take
effect; lie may giant pardons for offenses against t&e laws
of said Territory, and reprieves for offenses against the laws
of the United States until the decision of the President can
be made known thereon; he shall commission all officers
who shall be appointed to office under the laws ol said Ter-
ritory, and shall take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted.
Sec. 3. Jlnd. be it further enacted, That there shall be a
secretary ol said Territory, who shall reside therein, and
hold his office for four years, unless sooner removed by the
President of the United States; he shall record and preserve
ail the laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and proceedings of
the Governor, in his executive department; he shall trans-
mit one copy of the laws, and one copy "of the executive
proceedings, on oi beiore the 1st day of December in each
year, to the President of the United States, and, uttUc same
time, two copies of the laws to the Speaker of the House
of Representatives and the President of the Senate, for the
use of Congress. And in case of the death, removal, or res-
ignation, or other necessary absence of the Governor from
the Territory, the secretin y shall have power, and he is
hereby authorized and required, to execute and perform all
the powers and duties of the Governor during such vacancy
or necessary absence, or until another Governor shall be
duly appointed to fill such vacancy.
power r
Govern*
sembiy shall consist of a Council and House of Represent-
atives. The Council bhall consist of nine members, which
may be increased to thiiteen, having the qualifications of
voters as hereinafter presenbed, whose term of service
shall continue two yeais. The House of Representatives
shall consist of thirteen membeis, which may be increased
to twenty—ix, possessing the same qualifications as pre-
scribed lor members of the Council, and whose term of ser-
vice shall continue one year. An appoitionment shall be
made, as nearly equal as practicable, among the several
counties or districts for the election of the Council and
House ot Representatives, giving to each section of the
Ten itoi y representation in the ratio of its population, (In-
dians excepted,) as nearly as may he; and the members of
the Council and of the House of Representatives shall re-
side in, and he inhabitants of, the district for which they
may be elected, respectively. Previous to the first election,
the Governor shall cause a census or enumeration of the
inhabitants of the several counties and districts of the Ter-
iitory to be taken; and the first election shall be held at
such time and places, and be conducted in such manner,
as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and he shall, at
the same time, declare the numbei of the member? of the
Council and House of Repiesentatives to which each of the
counties or districts shall be entitled under this act. The
numbei of persons authorized to be elected having the high-
est number of votes in each of said council districts for
members of the Council shall be declared bythc Governor
to be duly electcd to the Council; and the p^gon or persons
authorized to be elected having the gieatest number ot votes
for the House of Representative6;, equal to the number to
which each county or district shall he entitled, shall be de-
ckii ed by the Governor to be elected members of the House
of llcpiesentatives: Provided, That in cawc of a tie be-
tween two or more pernons voted for, the Governor shall
oider a new election to supply the vacancy made by such
tie. And the persons thus elected to the Legislative As-
sembly shall meet at such place and on such day as the
Governor shall appoint; but thereafter, the tune, place, and
manner of holding and conducting all elections by the peo-
ple, and the apportioning the rcpiesentation in the several
counties or distiiets to the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives, according to the population, shall be.prescribed
by law, as well as the (lay ol the commencement of the
regular sessions of the Legislative Assembly : Provided,
That no one session shall exceed the term of forty days,
except the first, which may be extended to sixty days^ but
no longer. s
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That every free white
male citizen of the United States above tiic ag« ot twenty-
one years, who shall have been a resident of said Territory
at the time of ihe passage of tbis act, including .tho^e lec-
o<mized as citizen* by the ti eaty with the Republic of Mex-
ico, concluded Februaiy 2, 184a, and the treaty negotiated
with the same country on the 30th day of December, 1^53.,
shall bo entitled to vote at the first election, and shall be
eligible to any office within the said Teintory; but the
qualification* of voters and of holding otfice at all subse-
quent elections shall be such as shall be prescribed by tlie
Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 6. Jltul be it further enacted, That the legislative
power of the Teriitory shall extend to all rightful vubjeet*
ol legislation consistent with the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions of this act; but no law shall be
parsed interfering with the primary disposal of the soil; no
tax shall be imposed upon the piopcrtyof the United State* ;
nor shall lauds or other property of non-residents be taxed
higher than the lands or otner propeity of residents; nor
bhall any law be passed impairingthe rights of puvate prop-
erty ; nor shall any discrimination be made in taxingdifier-
ent kind? of pioperty; but all taxation shall be in propor-
tion to tne value ol ihe propeit> taxed.
Sfc. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all township, dis •
tuct, and county officers, not herein otherwise provided
for, shall be appointed or electcd, as the case may be, in
such manner as shall bepiovided by the Governorand Le-
gislative Assembly of the Teriitoiy. The Governor shall
nominate and, by the advice and eonsentof the Legislative
Council, appoint all officers not herein otht-iwise piovidecr
for; and. in the first instance, the Governor alone may
appoint all said officers, who shall hold their offices until the
end of the first session of the Legislative Assembly, ami
shall lav oiribeneeessaiv districts for members of the Coun-
cil and fiuuse of Representatives, and all other otiicers.
See. a. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no member of the
