640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30.
Legislative'Assembly shall hold or be appointed to any office
Which shall have been created or the salary or emolu-
ments of which shall have been increased while he was a
member, during the term for which he was elected, and for
one year after the expiration of such term; and no person
lioldinga commission or appointment under-the United
States, except postmasters, shaii be a member of the Legis-
lative Assembly, or shall hoid any office undetvthe govern-
ment of said Territory.
Sec.4. Andheit further enacted, That the judicial power
of said Territory shall be vested in a supreme court, dis-
trict courts, probate courts, and in justices of the peace.
The supreme court s>haU consistof a chief justice and two
associate justices, any two of whom shall constitute a quo-
rum, and who shall hold a term at the seat of government
of said Territory annually, and ttiey shall hold their offices
during the period of four years. The said Territory shall
be divided into three judicial districts, and a district court
shall be held in each of said districts by one of the justices
of the supieme court, at such time and place U3 maybe pre-
fceribedbylaw; and the said judges shall, after their appoint-
ments, respectively; reside in the districts which shall be
assigned them. The jurisdiction of the several courts
herein provided for, both appellate and original, and that
of the probate coin ts and of the justices of the peace, shall
be as limited by law: Provided, That justices ot the peace
and probate corn ts shall not have juiisdiction of any matter
in controversy when the title or boundaries of land maybe
In dispute, or where the debt or sum claimtd shall exceed
$100; and the said supreme and district courts, respect-
ively, shall possess chancery as well as common-law juris-
diction ; and authority for redress of all wrongs committed
against the Constitution or laws of the United States, or of
the Territory, affecting persons or property. Each district
court, or the judge thereof, shall appoint its cleik, who shall
aiso be the register in chanccry, and shall keep his office
at the place where the court may be held. Writs of error,
bills ot exception, and appeals, shall be allowed in al 1 cases
from the final decisions of said district courts to the su-
preme couit, under such regulations as may be prescribed
by law; but in no case removed to the supreme court shall
trial by jury be-allowed in said court. The supreme couit,
or the justices thereof, shall appoint its own cleik, and
every clerk shall hold his office at the pleasure of the court
for which he shall have been appointed. Writs of erior,
and appeals from the final decisions of said supreme court,
shall be allowed, and may be taken to the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the same manner anil under the
same regulations as l'tom the circuit courts of the United
States, where the value of the property, or the amount in
controversy, to be ascertained by the oath or affirmation
of cither patty, or other competent witness, shall exceed
$1,000; except only that, in all cases involving title to
slaves, the said wiitsof erroi or appeals shall be allowed
and decided by the said supreme couit, without regard to
the value of the matter, property, or title m contioversy;
and except, aiso, that a writ of error or appeal shall also be
allowed to the Supreme Court of the United States fiom
the decision of the said suprertfe court created by this act,
or of any judge thereof, or of the district courts created by
this act, or of any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas
corpus involving the question of personal freedom; and
each of the said district courts shall have and exeicise the
same jurisdiction in all cases arising under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States as is vested in the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States j and the said
supreme and district courts of the said Territory, and the
tespeetivc judges thereof, shall and may giant writs of
habeas corpus in all cases in which the same are grantablc
by the judges of the United States in the District of Co-
lumbia; and the first six days of every term of said courts,
or so much thereof as shall be necessary, ahall be appro-
priated to the trial of cnuses arising under the said Consti-
tution and laws; and writs of error and appeals in all such
cases shall be mitde to the supreme court of said Teintory
the same as in other cases. The said clerk shall receive,
in all such cases, the same fees which the clerics of the dls-
tnet courts of Oregon Territory now leceivefor similar ser-
vices.
tfjRC. 10.  /lnd be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed an nttoi ney for said Ten itory,«vho shall continue hi
oflice for four years,unless soonen etnoved by the President,
and who shall receive the same fees and salary as the at-
torney of the United States lor the piesentTerutory of Ore-
gon. There shaii also be a marshal for the Territory ap-
pointed, who shall hold his office for four yeais, uuless
sooner removed by the Piesident, and who shall execute
all processes issuing fiom the said courts when exorcising
their jurisdiction as circuit and district com ts of the United
States; he shall peiform the duties, he subject to the same
regulations and penalties, and be entitled to the same fees
as the marshal of the district corn t ot the United Statesfor
the present Teintory of Oregon, and shall, in addition, be
paid $-200 annually, as a compensation fut extra seiviccs.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the Governor,
•secretary, chief justice and associate justices, attorney, and
marshal, shall be nominated and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, appointed by the President of
the United States. The Governor and secretary to be ap-
pointed as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, respect-
ively take an oath or affirmation befoie the district judge,
or some justice of the peace in the limits of said Territoiy
duly authorized to administer oaths and affirmations by the
laws now in force therein, or before the chief justice or
some associate justicc of the Supreme Court of the United
States, to support the Constitution of the United States and
faithfully to discharge the duties of their respective offices ;
which said oaths, when so taken, shall be certified by the
person by whom the same shall have been taken, and such
certificates shall be received and lecorded by the secretary
among the executive proceedings; and the chief justice
"and associate justices, and all other civil officers m said
Territory, before they act as such,shall take a iike oath or
affirmation before the said Governor or secretary, or some
judge or justice of the peace of the Territory who may be
duly commissioned and qualified, which said oath or affirm-
ation shall be certified and transmitted by the person taking
the same to the secretary, to be by him recorded as afore-
said ; and afterwards the like oath or affirmation shall be
taken, certified, and recorded in such manner and form as
may be prescribed by law. The Governor shall receive an
annual salary of $1,500 as Governor, and $1,000 as super-
intendent of Indian affaire; the chief justice and asso-
ciate justices shall each receive an annual salary of $1,800;
the secretary shall receive an annual salary of §1,800. The
said salaries shall be paid quarter-yearly, at the Treasury
of the United States. The members of the Legislative As-
sembly shall be entitled to receive three dollars each per
day during their attendance at the session thereof, and three
dollars for every twenty miles* travel in going to and re-
turning from the said sessions, estimated according to the
nearest usually traveled route. There shall be appropriated
annually the sum of $1,000, to be expended by the Gov-
ernor, to defray the contingent expenses of the Territory.
There shall also be appropriated annually a sufficient sum,
to be expended by the secretary of the Territory, and upon
an estimate to be made by the Secretary of the Tieasury of
the United States,to defraythe expenses of the Legislative
Assembly, the punting of the laws, and other incidental
expenses ; and thcsecretaiy of the Territory shall annually
account to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States for the manner in which the aforesaid sum shall have
been expended.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Legislative
Assembly of the Tenitory of Idaho shall hold its first ses-
sion at such time and place in said Territory as the Gov-
ernor thereof shall appoint and'direct; and at said first
session, or as soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient,
the Governor and Legislative Assembly shall proceed to
locate and establish the seat of government for said Teiri-
tory at such place as they may deem eligible ; which place,
however, shall thereafter be subject to be changed by the
said Governor and legislative Assembly.
Sec. 13. Jind beitfarther ew«dcrf,. That a Delegate to
the House of Representatives of the United States, to serve
during each Congress of the United States, may be elected
by the voters qualified to elect members of the Legislative
Assembly, whoshall beentitled to the same rights and priv-
ileges as arc cxercised and enjoyed by the Delegates from
the several other Territories of the United States to the said
House of Representatives. The first election shall be held
at such time and places, and be conducted in such manner,
as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and at ail subse-
quent elections, the times, places, and manner of holding
elections shall be prescribed by law. The person having
the greatest number of votes shall be declared by the Gov-
ernoi to be duly elected, and a certificate thereof shall be
given accordingly.
Sec. 11. j.2nd be it further enacted, That when the land
in s.iid Territory '-ball bo surveyed, under the direction of
the Government of the United States, preparatory to bring-
ing Mie same into maiker, sections numbeted sixteen and
thiitv-six in each township in said Territoiy shall be, and
the same is hereby, reserved for the purpose of being ap-
plied to schools? in the States hereafter to be elected outof
the same.
Sec. 13. ^Ind be it further enacted. That temporarily, and
until otherwise provided by iaw,thcGovernoi of said Ter-
ritory may delme the judicial districts of said Territory, and
assign the judges who may be appointed for said Territory
to tho several districts, and also appoint the times and
places for holding courts in the several counties oi subdi-
visions in each ot said judicial districts by proclamation to
be issued by him; but the Legislative Assembly, at their
first or any subse-pient session, may organize, alter, or
modify such judicial districts, and assign the judges, and
alter the times and places of holding the courts, as to them
shall seem proper and convenient.
Seo. 16. And be it further enactcd, That the Constitution
and all laws of the United States, which are not locally
inapplicable, shall have the same force and effect within
the said Territory of Idaho as elsewhere within the United
States.
Sec. 17. And he it further cnactcd, That the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall be, and ho is hereby, authorized to ap-
point a suiveyor general (or Idaho, who shall locate his
olfico at such place as the Secretary of the Interior shall
from time to time direct, and whose duties, powers, obli-
gations, responsibilities, compensation, and allowances for
clerk hire, office rent, fuel, and incidental expenses, shall
be the same as those of the surveyor general of New Mex-
ico, under the direction of the Seeietary of the Interior,
and such instructions as he may from time to time deem
it advisable to give him.
Tho. PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on adopting thb amendment as a substitute for
the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if tho substitute will be open to amendment after
it has been adopted?
Mr. GREEN. It will; in tho Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But not in committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will in the Senate, I
understand.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so, I will not
object.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I have
any objection to this bill; but, it seems to me, we
ought, at least, to have it read. I have been try-
ing to get a copy of it, and have sent twice for it.
If it is printed, I am unable to get it.
Mr. GREEN. It has been read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if it is the same as the printed bill.
Mr. GREEN. It is not. The boundaries were
changed; the name has been changed, and there
has been one proviso stricken out. It can be read,
if the Senator wishes to hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to take up
tim/ in asking it to be read at the Secretary's
taWle. 1 should like to see it. It is a very lm-
firtant bill, and it seems to me is receiving very
ttle consideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I will call
e attention of the Senator from Missouri to a
F revision here that strikes me as being peculiar,
t is among the powers of the Legislature:
" Nor shall any discrimination b'e made in taxing different
kinds of property."
"We all see what that is aiming at. I think it
will be attended with consequences very incon-
venient. I have never known of any legislature
of any civilized country that would not discrim-
inate in taxation between different kinds of prop-
erty. Usually, property for schools and edu-
cational purposes, and charitable purposes, is
exempted from taxation. It is usual to exempt
mechanics' tools, libraries, cemeteries, and various
kinds of property, from taxation. Here is a pro-
vision that there shall be no discrimination, and
that all must be taxed alike. It stiikes me it is
very peculiar. I do not think it is founded upon
principles of justice, or upon sound public policy.
If these people are capable of self-government,
and capable of levying taxes on property to sup-
port their government, I presume they are just as
capable of discriminating on those subjects as they
would be if they lived m a State. I do not know
why they should not be. I suppose they were
capable of self-government before they went there;
and if they were, I do not know why they are
less so when they get there. I am willing to ha.ve
no provision on this subject; but this is apeculiar
provision that is introduced in the bill. I only
call attention to it. No argument is made aboutit.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator misconstrues the
provision. Nearly every State constitution has
a similar provision, that all property subject to
taxation shall be taxed in proportion to its value;
but that does not say what sort of property shall
be subject to taxation. You may tax one kind
of property or one person's property, but 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let that pro vision be read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will call for the reading of
the whole sixth section, and then the Senate will
observe the bearing of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sixth sec-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. GREEN. My recollection is, that that
provision was in the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and
I think this is copied from that. It does not mean
what the Senator from Illinois imagines. All
States say that property subject to taxation must
be taxed according to its value. This is intended
to make no discrimination between different kinds
of property. You may exempt your school-
houses, you may exempt variotis other property,
but whatever property is subjected to taxation
must be taxed alike. That is all it means.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in supposing that this was copied from the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. If it was, I should not
have deemed it necessary to call the attention of
the Senate to it, because it would not have been
an unusual provision. I think he will find that
there are two provisions here that are not to be
found in any other territorial bill. One is, "nor
shall any law be passed impairing the rights of
private property;" and the other, " nor shall any
discrimination be made in taxing different kinds
of property." I think he will find that these pro-
visions are peculiar, and now proposed to be in-
troduced into the territorial .system for the first
time. As to the first provision, " nor shall any
law be passed impairing the rights of private prop-
erty," I suppose there is no objection to it; but I
,see no necessity for it. I presume any court
would dcclare void a law impairing the rights of
private property; but it is to have a peculiar sig-
nificance from the connection that it has here.
We all see what it is aimed at. I merely call
attention to it, and let the Senate vote upon it. I
have my own opinions on the question.
Mr. GREEN. If anybody thinks that pro-
vision is wrong, he may vote against it. If any
one wishes to invest them with authority to im-
pair the rights of property, let him move to strike
