1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
&
36th Gong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. op Reps.
the bounds and under the safeguard of the Union. 1 am for
vindicating these rights; but not by being driven out of the
Union rashly and unceremoniously by any portion of this
Confederacy. Ilere I am within it, and here I mean to stand
and die; as far as my individual purposcsor wishes ran
go—within it to protect myself, and to defy all power upon
earth to expel me oi drive mc from the situation in which
I am placed. Will there not be more safety in fighting
within the Union than withput it?
" Suppose your lights to be violated ; suppose wrongs to
be done you, asgrcssions to be perpetrated upon you; can-
not you better light and vindicate them, if you have occa-
sion to resort to that last necessity of the sword, within the
Union, and with the sympathies of a large portion of the
population of the Union of these States differently consti-
tuted from you, than you can fight and vindicate your rights,
expelled from the Union, and driven from it without cere-
mony and without authonty?
il I said that I thought that there was no right on the part
of one or more of the States to secede from this Union. I
think that the Constitution of the thirteen States was made,
not merely for the geneiation which then existed, but for
posterity, undefined, unlimited, permanent, and peipetual
—for their posterity, and for every subsequent State which
might come into the Union, binding themselves by that in-
dissoluble bond. If is to remain for that posterity now and
forever. Like another of the great relations of piivate life,
it was a maniage that no human authority can dissolve or
divorceWhe pai ties from; and, if I may be allowed to refer
to this same example in private life, let us say what man
and wife say to each other: we have mutual faults;
nothing in the foim of human beings can be perfect; let us,
th^n, be kind to each other, forbearing, conceding; let us
live in happiness and peace.
"Mr. President, I have said what I solemnly believe—that
the dissolution of the Union and war are identical and in-
separable ; that they are convertible terms.
" Such a war, too,as that would be, following the disso-
lution of the Union ! Sir, we may search the pages of his-
tory, and none so furious, so bloody, so implacable, so ex-
terminating, from the wars of Greece down, including those
of the Commonwealth of England, and the revolution of
France—none, none of them raged with such violence, or
was ever conducted with *uch bloodshed and enormities,
as will be that war which shall follow that disastrous event
—if that event ever happens—of dissolution."
*•** * * *****
"And finally, Mr. President, I implore, asthebe-4 blessing
which Ileaven can bestow upon me upon earth, that if the
direful and sad event of the dissolution of the Union shall
happen, 1 may not suivive to behold the sad and heart-
rending spectacle."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Great man! thy
prayer was answered. Living;, thou didst standas
a wall of fire between the Union and its enemies.
Dead, they heed not thy words of wisdom, tram-
ple upon thy hallowed dust, and return to their
feast of blood. Having watched their prey with
glistening eyes, and keen and ravenous appetite,
now that they have got it down, and arc feed-
ing upon its flesh, they rend and tear it, and rattle
its bones without remorse, and with an unchecked
and merciless spirit.
Mr. Clay also said, in 1850, in his place in'the
Senate, in replying to the threat of Georgia to
secede from the Union:
" Now, Mr. President, I stand here in my place, mean-
ing to be miawed by any threats, whether they come from
individuals or trom States. I should deplore, as much as any
man, living or dead, tlutauns should be rawed against the
autiioiity of the Union, either by individuals or by States.
Iiuf, alter all that has occurred, if any one State, or a portion
of the people of any State, choose to place themvih e* in mil-
itary anay against ihe Government of the Union, I am for Irv-
ing the strength of the Government. 1 am for ascertaining
whetherwe have aGovernmcntornot—practical,efficient,
capable of maintaining its authority, and of upholding the
powers and interests which belong to a Government. Nor,
sir, am I to be alarmed or dissuaded from any such course
by intimations of the spilling of blood. If blood is to
be spilt, by whose fault is it? Upon the supposition, I
maintain it will be, the fault of those who choose to raise
the standard of disunion, and endeavor to prostiate this
Government; and, sir, when that is done, so long as it
pleases God to give me a voice to express my sentiments,
or an arm, weak and enfeebled as it may be by age, that voice
and that aim will be on the side ofiny country, for the sup-
port ot the general anthonty, and for the maintenance of
the powers of this Union."
Where are the spirit and voice of Clay now?
Have they descended upon any of his followers? |
Where are they? Let Kentucky, the State he
loved so much and -served so faithfully, speak !
The " arm enfeebled by age" lies powerless in its
coffin; but where is the young arm of Kentucky,
that it refuses to grasp the pillars of the Repub-
lic, and hold them up? Where ? Echo answers, !
where ! j
Mr. Chairman, my connection with this House i
will soon be closed. I shall return to my far west- !
em home with pleasure, to enjoy the society of '
my family and friends, and to kindle afresh the |
vestal fires of devotion to this Union upon the j
broad pranies of my State. Standing here, as 1 ]
have done, and do, with the friends of popular sov- j
ereignty,and being m a small minority, I have not I
been able to accomplish much for my constit-
uentsor my country. I have, however, doneall that
I could; and shall be consoled in my retirement
by the reflection that, if I have not discharged all
my obligations, my failure has resulted not from
the want of good purposes and motives but from
the Jack of adequate ability. Such measures as I
have not been able to get passed, for the reasonsl
have specified, I leave to my successor.
I may say, in conclusion, that it would have
been a gratification to me, it would have been a
gratification to the one million three hundred and
fifty-four thousand four hundred and twenty-three
individualswho cast their votes for Judge Doug-
las at the late election, and who are the support-
ers and defenders of popular sovereignty, if a
representative or two of that great principle had
been placed upon the committee of thirty-three
raised on the resolution of the gentleman from
"Virginia, [Mr. Boteler.] Perhaps it was no
more than they ought to have cxpected; but it
seemed otherwise to the Speaker, and I shall not
pause now to upbraid him for it. Whatever evil
has resulted is past remedy, and lot it go. It did
not prevent mo from feeling a deep and intense
solicitude in the labors of the committee,and from
indulging the hope that they would redound to
the permanent interest and honor and peace and
glory of our common country; that they would
propose some plan for the settlement of our trou-
bles, based upon principle, and not upon a tempo-
rary expedient—for that kind of settlement would
be illusory, and not worth the paper it was writ-
ten on; that they would leave the question of sla-
very where our fathers left it, for each local gov-
ernment to determine for itself. That such might
be the case—for I have not yet seen or read their
report, though it has been made to the House—
and that every heart may be impressed with the
belief that there is no safety for liberty except in
the Union, and that the destruction of the one is
the overthrow of the other, is my living, and shall
be my dying, prayer.
If I should be stricken down in defense of the
views I have expressed, it will be in the last in-
trenchment, with my country's flag above me, and
my last words shall be: " Preserve the Repub-
lic!" If to effect this, however deplorable the
necessity—and none would regret it more than
myself—I would write them in blood upon the
facings and pillars of this Capitol, that the fact
might be demonstrated that I had both a country
and a Government; for without the latter, the
former would be worthless, and life and property
in constant jeopardy.
But why, oh! why, Mr. Chairman, does man's
weak vision seek to penetrate the future? The
Great Ruler js moving .mysteriously in this storm;
and as He " doeth all things well," let us look to
Him for wisdom, guidance, and support in our
great extremity. Peradventuic He may yet save
us as He did ancient Nineveh.
STATE OF THE UNION,
SPEECH OF HON. BENJ. STANTON,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 15, 1861.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. STANTON said:
Mr. Chairman: I had not the remotest idea,
when I came into the House this morning, of
occupying theattention of the committee upon the
questions before us; but the extraordinary speech
of the gentleman from Texas has induced me to
say a word in reply. As to his concluding re-
marks, I confess my utter astonishment at them.
The branch of the religious society to which he
refers permeates the whole northern section of
the Republic;.and I think that the idea that that
society could organize itself in any State with a
view of stirring up insurrection is a libel on the
society at large, which I know the gentleman
would not intentionally commit. Certainly, if
he means to charge that the Methodist, Church
North is an incendiary organization, desiring to
stir up insurrection and civil was, he is making a
most extraordinary charge against one of the
most respectable and most numerous religious
societies m the United States.
Mr. REAGAN. Thegentleman has misunder-
stood mo. 1 did not mean to be understood as say-
ing that there was a scheme inaugurated by that
Church asa body. Ionlymean to say that mem-
bers of that Church in Texas are Abolitionists,
and that we had the fruits of their teachings in
incendiarism last summer.
Mr. STANTON. I have not any doubt in the
world that a large proportion of the members of
that religious society ao believe that African sla-
very is unwise, unchristian, and immoral. I think
that is very probable. And wherever they may-
be found they probably carry that opinion with
them. Rut it does not follow that, entertaining
these opinions, they will therefore organize them-
selves into religious or social organizations for
the purpose of stirring up insurrection and civil
war.
Mr. Chairman, the speech of the gentleman
from Texas is rather an extraordinary one, in
this: that while he seeks for some measure of con-
ciliation from this side of the House to avoid civil
war and disunion, he announces, at the same time,
to that political organization which has just clccted
a President, that this Union can only be preserved
by its absolute destruction and abandonment.
Now, sir, as a political organization,! care noth-
ing for any party. All parties are secondary and
subordinate considerations. But the principles
on which this Government was founded, by what-
ever party they may be advocated, can never be
surrendered, under any threat of civil war, or un-
der any apprehension of consequences. That
might as well be understood first as last. If the
Republican party cannot be vindicated as his-
torical, as consecrated by all the fathers of the
Republic, as being in accordance with the history
of the Government for the last sixty years, then,
sir, I am prepared to abandon it. I stand here
pledged to maintain in debate, by the authority
of the fathers and by the principles of the Con-
stitution, that the Republican party claims and
maintains no principle, and proposes to carry into
Cractice no policy, that has not been sanctioned
y the fathers of the Republic, and practiced by
every Administration, from George Washington
to General Harrison. Occupying that ground,
and maintaining those principles, gentlemen can-
not drive us from them by any apprehension of
consequences, from whatever quarter they may
come.
Mr. Chairman, I was utterly astounded that a
gentleman so well informed as the gentleman from
Texas—a gentleman of so much candor, should
assume it here as a conceded proposition that the
Republican party was organized on the idea of
the utter and ultimate extinguishment of slavery
in the States. If that gentleman will do me the
favor to circulate one copy of my speech in his
district for every two copies of his speech which
I will circulate m min«, he would confer a special
favor, and would, in my judgment, very mucl^
enlighten his constituents, and disabuse their
minds as to the purposes and objects of the
Republican party.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not accept the gentle- .
man's statement as a statement by the authority
of the Republican party.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not ask the gentleman
to take anything on my credit.
Mr. REAGAN. I beg the gentleman to un-
derstand that I do not decline to accept it because
of want of responsibility on-his part, but because
he is not an authorized exponent of the principles
of the Republican party. There is no gentleman
for whom I have higher respect as a man.
Mr. STANTON. Then all I ask of him is to
take my argument and authorities for what they
are worth. Now, Mr. Chairman, in regard to
these allegations of the gentleman from Texas,
he will permit me to say that I know of no Re-
publican who looks to the Republican organiza-
tion as an organization designed, either directly
or indirectly, now or in the future, presently or
remotely, to interfere in the remotest degree with
slavery m the States.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman, did not
Mr. Lincoln propound the very proposition I
have stuted, that the people of the North were to
rest only when they were satisfied that slavery
