THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No. 41.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1861.
itout; and if the Senator from Illinois desires that,
he ought to vote against it. For myself, I think
it just and proper. The Inst clause, I think, was
copied from his own bill with this additional pro-
vision. The latter one to which he has called the
attention of the Senate, in my opinion, is copied
from his bill; but I shall not be positive about it
until the bill is brought here. I have sent to the
Library for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The answer of the Senator
from Missouri, it strikes me, docs not meet the
point. If anybody wants to vote against such a
clause,the Senator says let him move to strike it
out. I suppose that is a liberty we have on every
provision; but it is unusual to put it in. I do not
suppose you have got a limitation in the bill that
there shall be no law passed impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts; and still you might say, if any-
body wanted to vote for such a provision, let him
vote against the bill. There is no provision in the
bill that there shall not be an established Church.
There is no provision that trial by jury shall pre-
vail. There are a great many omissions to putin
provisions on matters which the Constitution itself
would regulate if they were not inserted. I sup-
pose these words, " Nor shall any law be passed
impairing the rights of private property, have
peculiar reference to some matters of dispute in
party politics as to territorial power, i do not
nold that a Territorial Legislature can impair any
rights of property at all. The question is, what
provisions do impair rights of property, and what
the rights of property are? What are rights of
Froperty, I suppose the Constitution will protect.
shall not object to those words, for 1 think the
courts would give them a reasonable construc-
tion; the same construction I now give, and I have
no objection to that. But, when you come to the
provision that they shall not discriminate in taxa-
ation in different kinds of property, it is saying
that all kinds of property shall be taxed at the
same rate, and that there shall be no exemption
from taxation of any description of property. I
do not know a legislative body in the world that
does not discriminate. Every one of the States
discriminates; they put low taxes upon some arti-
cles, high taxes upon others, and none at all upon
others.
If that is a correct system in the States, I do
not know why we should not leave the Territo-
ries free to adopt it. It strikes me that there are
palpable necessities for it. There are descriptions
of property that require encouragement, and that
the States do encourage. I should be loth to sec
them compelled to tax the property belonging to
agricultural societies—the fair grounds, tor in-
stance—at the same rate as other property. I
should be sorry to compel them to tax cemeteries,
churches, school-houses,and school-books, at the
same rate as other property. Bat here you com-
pel them to say that all these shall be taxed, and
that asylums for the insane and for the unfortu-
nate shall be taxed; that mechanics' tools shall
be taxed; that these descriptions of property shall
all be taxed the same as property in land and in
town lots—the same as property in ardent spirits,
and in other articles that we might think U not
wise to encourage. I think we ought to leave a
wise and just disci'etion in every legislative body
to discriminate between the various kinds of prop-
erty. I have always held that opinion. These
are my ideas. I merely call the attention of the
Senate to the matter.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire what is the
question r
Mr. WILSON. I propose to make one. 1
propose to strike out all of the sixth scction after
the word " tesidents," in the ninth line. I do not
see the necessity of having those words there. I
agree with the Senator from Illinois in regard to
them I think thev are liable to misconstruction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Nor shall any law be passed imputing the lights of pri-
vate property; nor shall any discrimination be made in
41
taxing different kinds of property, but all taxation shall be
in proportion to the value of the property taxed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If those words be stricken
out, it will stand as the Kansas and Nebraska bill
stood. That section in the Kansas-Nebraska bill
stopped at the word " residents." By striking
out this clause, we leave it in the same words
precisely; and in that respect there was nothing
peculiar in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. It was
according to the acts of 1850, and the acts that
preceded those of 1850, from the foundation of
the Government.
Mr. GREEN. I see the design of the Senator
from Illinois. It is to introduce a subject of con-
troversy, when there is no occasion for it. Are
these provisiens right, or are they wrong, in the'
judgment of the Senate? If they are wrong, they
should be stricken out; if they are right, they
should be retained. Is there a Senator here who
will say they are wrong? Ought the legislative
power of a Territory to be invested with author-
ity to impair the rights of private property? I do
not say what is property; 1 do not say that a slave
is property in the Territory; I do not touch the
question of slavery in any respect whatever; 1
purposely left it out to avoid controversy; and I
am sorry to see it introduced, unadvisedly, when
there is no occasion for it. The latter provision,
I am satisfied, ws*s copied either from the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, or some other territorial law on the
statute-book—I mean the clause prohibiting dis-
crimination in the taxation of different kinds of
property. It simply establishes a rule that they
shall not tax A at fifty per cent, and B at one per
cent.; but that property shall be taxed according
to its value, whether it be a mule, a horse, or real
estate, the ad valorem system, not per capita, on the
head; nor does it prohibit them from having a cap-
itation tax; it leaves them to assess that. It sim-
ply says property shall be taxed alike; but it does
not say all property shall bo taxed; it does not
say school-books shall be taxed; it does not say
school-houscs shall be taxed; it does not say
churches shall be taxed; it does not say public
property shall be taxed; but it says that whatever
property is taxed shall be taxed alike, and there
shall be no discrimination. The same provision is
m the constitution of the State of Missouii and yet
we exempt churches, for we are a church-going
people; we exempt school-houses, because we love
learning, and feel the need of it; we exempt pub-
lic libraries, because we wish to encouiage read-
ing. A provision is m the constitution of Mis-
souri that all property shall be taxed in proportion
to its value, no discriminations being made; and
yet wc make these exceptions.
Now, sir, if I had introduced a clause saying
they should protect slaves, I should have expected
controversy; but when I have simply proposed a
provision which secures the people, and the whole
people, who may settio there, in the enjoyment of
their rights, it seems to me that u ought to jSfcss
without any controversy.
While I am up, I will name another change
which I have made, to which I will call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Illinois. I have struck
out that proviso which says, that when admitted
as a State, they shall be admitted with or without
slavery, as their constitution at the time may
prescribe. I take that to be a truism, too; I take
that to be a constitutional thing, too; and^yet he
deemed it important to put that into the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. If it be a constitutional right, and
in accordance with the piaeticc of the Govern-
ment, why put that in? The question maybe
asked, why strike it out? I will tell you: to avoid
controversy. Everybody knows that this is not
a country adapted to slavery as a permanent in-
stitution. Everybody knows there neverwillbe
a slave there. Hence, I deemed it unnecessary to
put it there to irritate, when it could do no good.
The provisions which 1 have put in do not mi-
tate; they hurt nobody's feelings; and the Sena-
tor from Illinois, I think, was unnecessarily sen-
sitive on the subject. lie supposed that was
striking at some peculiar dogma of his own. when
it is not. It is simply to establish a rule of jus-
tice in the taxation of property, and in the exer-
cise of the powers of the Territory. If that be
wrong, then the provision should be stricken out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is entirely gratuitous on
the part of the Senator from Missouri, to talk
about my having a design when I simply called
attention to an unusual provision in a territorial
bill. I do not know that I should have deemed
that necessary but for the fact that he had stated
that the bill was in the usual form and language.
I happened, by accident, to let my eye fall upon
two very unusual provisions, that are not to be
found in other bills, and I thought it was due, in
fairness, to call the attention of the Senate to
those provisions, and let them judge of them. I
did not intend to make any point upon the sub-
ject, exccpt that it might control my vote. I did
not object to the one that he argues about impair-
ing the rights of private property; for I have no
idea that a Territorial Legislature has any such
power, whether you thus restrict them or not;
but I did call especial attention to the provision
that they shall not discriminate between different
kinds of property in taxation. Now, the Sena-
tor asks whether or not anybody objects to that
provision that they shall not discriminate? I re-
peat, there is nota legislative body on earth under
the direction of Christian people, so far as I know,
that does not discriminate.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will allow me—
for I do not desire to consume any time in reply
—I will read from the Washington territorial
bill:
<cSec.6. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the legislative
power of the Territory shall extend to all rightful subjects
of legislation not inconsistent with the Constitution and
laws of the United States; but no law shall be passed inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil; no tax shall be
imposed upon the property of the United States; nor shall
the lands orotherpropcrtyof non-residents be taxed higher
than the hinds or other property of residents All the laws
passed by the Legislative Assembly shall be submitted to
the Congress of the United States, and it'disapproved, shall
be null and of 110 effect: Provided, That nothing in this
aet shall he construed to give power to incorporate a bank,
or any institution with banking powers, or to borrow money
in the name ot the Territory, or to pledge the faith of the
people of the same for any loan whatever, cither direetiy
or indirectly. No charter e?  anting any privilege of making,
issuing, or putting into eneulation, any notes or I.ills in
the likeness of bank notes, or any bond?, scrip, drafts, lulls
of exchange, oi obligations, or granting any other hanking
powers or privileges, shall be passed by the Legislative
Assembly; nor shall the establishment of any branch or
agency of any Mich coiporation, derived from other author-
ity, be allowed in said Teintory; nor shall said Legislative
Assembly authorize the issue of any obligation, scrip, or
evidence of debt by said Teintory, in any mode or manner
whatever, except certificates for services to eaidTeiritory ;
and all Mieh laws or any law or laws inconsistent with the
piovisions of this act, shall be utterly null and void; and
all taxes shall be eijual and uniform; and no distinction
shall be made in the assessments between different kinds
of propeity, but the assessments shall be according to the
value thereof. To avoid improper influences, which may
result fiom the intermixing in the one and the same aet
such things as have no proper relation to each othei, every
law bhall embrace but one object, and that shall be express
in the title."—Jlctsofthc United State*) first session Thir-
tieth Congiess. 8
Mr. DOUGLAS The Senator has found, in
the whole range of territorial organization, one
instance of the kind. The general rule is the other
way. I called attention to it bccause it was a de-
parture from the general rule on that subject—I
think, an unwise "departure. I have shown that
ni a large class of cases, it is usual in the States,
for wise purposes, to discriminate between differ-
ent kinds uf piopcrty.
The Senator has now introduced the subjcct of
the slavery question, and says that we want to
discriminate on that subject. I propose to leave
that, so far as the power of taxation is concerned,
where I leave every other kind of property; but
I must be peimiUed to tell that Senator that, in a
discrimination on that question, if the Territorial
Legislature saw fit to make it, it would follow the
example of nearly every slaveholding State in
tin's Union, if not every one. It is not usual in
the slaveholding States to tax slave property ac-
cording to the same ratio that they tax other prop-
erty. In Virginia there is that discrimination.
Slave property is not taxed on the same rule, and
according to the same ratio, as other property. I
