1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to strike out all after
the word " property," in the tenth line, instead
. of that which he has included in his motion. The
other portion is merely a judicial question.
Mr. WILSON. I make that modification.
Mr. GREEN, I will simply explain that the
proposition as now made is to strike out the last
clause, which requires them to tax all property
equally. 1 say that that is in the Washington
bill; it is in the Oregon hill; it is just and proper,
and ought not to be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as m-odified, will be read.
The Secretary read it: In line ten, after the
word " property," to strike out the following
words:
Nor elialt any discrimination be made in taxing differ-
ent lands of property ; but all taxation shall be in propor-
tion to the value of the property taxed.'''
Mr. GREEN. Now, Mr. President, one word
only. Why should we permit them to tax prop-
erty not in proportion to its value? The same
provision is in all the new constitutions made
in the most enlightened age. The old constitu-
tions have overlooked it. Whena necessity arose,
when favoritism was being indulged in, it was
found necessary to insert a provision like this in
the fundamental law to prevent an accidental cor-
rupt Legislature from oppressing one class of peo-
ple for the benefit of another or themselves. We
ought to throw guards around the rights of the
people and the property of the people, and not
permit a few, who happen to be in office exer-
cising legislative power, to make these discrim-
inations which will break down one man to build
up another. Make them equal. Equality is the
beauty of our institutions; and when you once
turn the scale and destroy that principle of equal-
ity, the Government ceases to accomplish the
great end for which it was instituted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oneword in reply. The Sen-
ator is now for equality. He wants to have every
thing taxed alike; yet he says, under his pro-
vision, they may exempt any property they have
a mind to exempt; but all th^y do tax is to be
taxed alike. What becomes of his beautiful equal-
ity? They can leave out everything but slaves,
but must tax the slaves alike. That is the way
he applies the principle of equality. You allow
them to make a free list just as big as they please,
or just as little as they please; but after making
a free list, big or little, the balance must he taxed
exactly alike. That is his principle of equality.
Mr. GREEN. It is the ad valorem tax. It is
surprising the Senator does not understand that.
I say that under this provision it is competent to
exempt certain property belonging to religious
associations, and school-houses, because that is
public property; but whatever propei ly is subject
to taxation, must be taxed according to its value.
That is all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, according to his ex-
planation, under his bill the Tenitorial Legisla-
ture may exempt everything from taxation but
negroes; and then they must tax all slaves ad
valorem, whgther they are under twelve years ot
age or not. That is the provision of the bill, as
he explains it.
Mr. GREEN. Under the Senator's Washing-
ton bill the same thing exists. If mine is wrong,
he is guilty of setting the example.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir. That explanation
has been made before.
Mr. FITCH. It appears to me, thisia simply
an attempt to interject a little squatter sovereignty
into this bill, is it not?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; and I want them
alt to have popular sovereignty.
Mr. FITCH. How else does this negro ques-
tion happen to be connected with a bill for the
organization of a Territory where such a thing as
a negro in bondage probably never can be seen?
I think that is alfthere is of the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois. It is more in regard, per-
haps, to the political bearing of the question than
as to its right or wrong.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is not a just criticism
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to strike out tins clause. If we had attempted
to insert new provisions, it would have been a j
just criticism; but the motion is to strike it out,
so as to bring it back to the usual territorial or- 11
ganization, to the organization to which the Sen-
ator fiom Indiana and myself are both pledged
by the compromise measures of 1850 and the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. Let us bring it back to
that. 1 am not trying to introduce any new pro-
vision. But, sir, I do not wish to introduce any
politics on this subject; I do not wish to revive the
question touching slavery. I only desire simply
to leave the Territorial Legislature competent to
discriminate as the States do, if they sec fit.
Mr. GREEN. If this be a departure from the
compromise measures of 1850, the Washington
bill of 1853 was a departure.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have heard that six times.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator says he has heard
that six times; but he docs not seem to compre-
hend it. Some minds are so dull when a thing
conflicts with their feelings, that they will not hear;
and when they do hear, will not understand. I
repeat again, it is no dcpai ture. I am introducing
no new provision. I am not seeking to innovate.
I am only seeking to carry out a well-recognized
rule of taxation according to the value of the prop-
erty assessed.
1 ought to make one other word of explanation.
When I said that this was in the usual form, I
remarked that I had shown the only changes I
made to the Senator from New York two weeks
ago, so that nobody should be surprised at them.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Is an amendment to the
amendment in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThcChairwill
hear it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Let me hear the original
amendment read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I intended to move as an
amendment to that, "and that $250 of household
and kitchen furniture, and mechanics' tools, and
books of professional men, shall be exempt from
taxation."
Mr. DOUGLAS. That amendment will be in
order when this clause is stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is a mo-
tion to strike out. Should the Senator annex that
as an amendment to the amendment, and then the
question be taken on striking out the amendment,
of course his amendment would be stricken out
with the original amendment.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I will not offer it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senatoi from Massachu-
setts, to strike out the words which have been
read.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Bnipliam, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark. Douglas, Durkee, Fos-senden, Foot, Foster,
Clime's, Momll, Kiec, Simmons Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Wtidc, \\ ukin-'on, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messia. Uayaid, Hijrlei, Brajrjr, Clinsman, Col-
lamer, Cilttenden, Dixon, Doohttie, Fitch, Green, Hale,
Il-uldii, Hemphill, Ilunter, Johnson of Tounesbee, Lane,
Mason, Pearcc, Polk. Powell, Pngh, Saul>hiny, and Sew-
aid—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I offer as an amendment
to insert at the end of the section the following:
And that $250 of household and kitchen furnituic, the
tools of the mechanic, and the books of persons in any
profession, be exempt from taxation.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I will move to add as an
amendment to the amendment, that any public
houses erectcd for the purpose of schools or for
religious worship be also exempted,
Mr. GREEN. There is no objection to that.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest to the Senator to
make his amendment general, so as to include all
houses of a public nature for the benefit of schools
and churches.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was general in its terms:
that all houses for schools and for public religious
worship be exempted.
Mi. LATHAM. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed
amendment to the amendment will be read.
The Secietary read it, as follows: Insert at the
end of the amendment, and any public houses
erected for public schools or public religious wor-
ship."
Mr, RICE. I have no objection to these amend-
ments in themselves; but it certainly seems to me
that we should have confidence enough in the
intelligence and honesty of the Territorial Legis-
lature to leave these matters to them. If they
cannot legislate so as to promote their own inter-
est, why permit them to legislate at all? If we
are to go into these little matters, we might as
well do all the legislation for them at once.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The provision which I
have offered I know is inserted in the constitu-
tion of Texas, exempting household and kitchen
furniture; and I think in some other constitu-
tions, where the taxation is ad valorem, as in that
State.
Mr. RICE. That is a State matter, and Con-
gress has nothing to do with it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. This is the organic act
of a Territory, similar to the constitution of a
State.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. PUGH. I concur in what has been saKi
by the Senator from Minnesota. I think it is a
very small business for us to be interfering with
the exemptions from taxation in the Territories.
The general proposition contained in the bill I
entirely approve, establishing a general principle
for the equality of taxation, and taxation accord-
ing to the true value of the property. I regard
that as a proper provision to be putm any funda-
mental law. Itis in the constitution of my State;
and 1 think it is the only just and pioper rule of
taxation; but as to the particular exemptions of
this or that article of property, it seems to me we
had better leave that to the Territorial Legisla-
ture, if we are going to have any Territorial Le-
gislature. The Senator from Texas says that the
constitution of his State contains a provision of
this character. That may be so; but other con-
stitutions do not. In most of the States these
things are left to the wisdom of the Legislature
Irom time to time. It seems to me that we, who
are not the representatives of these people, we
who bear none of the burdens of their local taxa-
tion, should at least bo very careful in dealing with
the subject-matter of their revenue; and therefore
1 rise to concur in the suggestion of my friend
from Minnesota, that this amendment ought to
be defeated. Let us stand upon the original bill,
which prescribes the fundamental principles
which give equality of taxation on all forms of
property.
Mr. I3AYARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, because I think it is a useless interference
with a matter of purely local legislation. I think
the people of the Territory can judge of the mat-
ter a great deal better than we can; and I do not
see any absolute necessity for it; though it might
be that, were I a citizen of the Territory, I should
be in favor of exempting property to a greater
amount. Perhaps I might carry the matter of ex-
emption, as regards the sale of property, to a
greater extent than other gentlemen in this Cham-
ber; but I do not think it is appropriate for us to
fetter aTerritorial Legislature to thatextent. The
only fetters I would undertake to impose upon
them would be general principles, guarding against
any legislation which should affect the rights of
the citizens of the States of this Union; but as re-
gards their own local affairs, their own purely
local legislation, as to whether they deem it ex-
pedient to exempt certain property from taxation
or not, I think it is a matter which had better be
left to themselves.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Delaware
is under a misapprehension in supposing that this
amendment is to fetter the discretion of the Legis-
lature. The fetter has already been imposed by
refusing to vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts. By that vote you have de-
clared that they shall not exempt mechanics'tools;
that they shall not exempt the homestead from
taxation; that they shall not exempt schools and
churches and places of public worship; that they
shall not make any of these exemptions what-
ever of household furniture or the necessaries
of life. You have put on the fetter, and declaied
that no such exemption shall be made. In order
to obviate the hard bearing and injurious effects
of that vote of the Senate, the proposition is
made to say now they may do it to this extent.
The fetter is already imposed. You must recon-
sider and strike out that restriction, if you want
to liberalize the bill, and leave this matter to the
discretion and wisdom of the people of the Terri-
