1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the TJnion—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. of Reps.
There was no clause in the Constitution more
bitterly contested than this. It will be seen from
the provision itself, as well as from the debates
upon it, that it was regarded on all hands as a
measure of hostility to slavery. On the 22d of
August, George Mason made a speech on this
question, which shows the temper and spirit in
which the subject was discussed. He said:
" This infernal traffic originated in the avarice of British
merchants. The British Crovemment constantly checked
the attempts of Virginia to put a stop to it. The present
question concerns not the importing Slates alone, but the
whole Union. The evil of having slaves was expeuenced
during the last war. Had slaves been treated as they might
have been by the enemy, they would have proved danger-
ous instruments in their hands. But their folly dealt by
the slaves as it did by the tones. He mentioned the dan-
gerous insurrections of slaves in Greece and Sicily ; and
the instructions given by Cromwell to the commissioners
sent to Virginia to arm the servants and slaves in case other
means of obtaining its submission should fail. Maryland
and Virginia, he said, had expressly prohibited the import-
ation of slaves. North Carolina had done the same in
substance. All this would be in vain, if South Carolina
and Georgia be at liberty to import. The western people
are already calling out for slaves for their new lands, and
will fill that country with slaves, if they can be got through
South Carolina and Georgia.
" Slavery discourages aits and manufactures. The poor
despise labor when performed by slaves. They prevent
tl\p emigration of whites, who really enrich and strengthen
a country. They produce the most pernicious effects on
manners. Eveiy master of slaves is born a petty tyrant.
They bring the judgment of Heaven on a country. As na-
tions cannot be rewarded or punished in the next world,
they must be in this. By an inevitable chain of causes
and effects, Providence punishes national sins by national
calamities. He lamented that some of our eastern breth-
ren had, from lust of gain, embarked in this nefarious traffic.
As to the States being m possession of the right to import,
"this was the case with many other rights now given up.
He held it essential, in every point of view, that the Gen-
eral Government should have power to prevent the increase
of slavery.''
This would seem to indicate that the conven-
tion would not be likely to give slavery any rec-
ognition that was not absolutely indispensable for
the accomplishment of their purposes. The thing
that seemed to trouble them most was how they
could levy tax upon slaves imported prior to 1808,
without recognizing or treating them as property.
Jn discussing the question of imposing a duty
upon slaves—
" Mr. Sherman said ho was against this second part, as
acknowledging men to be property by taxing them under
the character of slaves.
'•Mr. King and Mr. Langdon con-adeied this as the
puce of the first part.
"Geneial Pinckney admitted that it was so.
Colonel Ma<os. Not to tax will be a bounty on the
importation of slave*..
k'Mr. Gorham thought that Mr. Sheiman should con-
sider the duty not as implying that staves aie property, but
ab a discouragement to the importation ot them.
" Mr. Gomerneur Morris remaikedthat,as the clause
now stands, it implies that the Legislature may tax freemen
imported
]\lr. Sherman* said the smallne«s of the duty showed rev-
enue fo be the object, not the discouragement of the im-
portation.
Mr. Madison said he thought it wrong to admit in the
Constitution the idea that there could be propeity in men.'-'
—5 Elliot's Debates, 478. ^
The terms of the provision, as it was finally
adopted, shows that the convention adhered to
their settled purpose not to permit anything to go
into the Constitution that could be construed into
a right of one man to hold property in another.
And the tax was finally resolved into a poll
tax, as follows:
u Hut a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation,
not exceeding ten dollars per head.55
In addition to the discussions on the particular
clauses of the Constitution referred to, there is a
very significant passage in the debates upon an-
other subject.
On the&Sth of August the convention had under
consideration the clause providing that the citi-
zens of each State shall be entitled to all the priv-
ileges and 'immunities of citizens of the several
States; when the following proceedings were had:
"General Pinckney was not satisfied with it. lie seemed
io wi>h some proviMon should be included in la\or uf piop-
eity in slave-?.
On the question on aitielo four, the ayes were 9, nay
i : Soutli Carolina, Georgia, divided."
Here the demand was made in terms that some
provision should be made in the Constitution rec-
ognizing slaves as property. It was met with a
sullen silence, and the vote of nine Slates out of
eleven a°ainstit. It is ceitain that General Pinck-
ney did not suppose there was anything in the ,
Constitution which recognized slaves as prop-
erty, or he would not have asked for such a pro-
vision.
It must be admitted from this review of the pro-
visions relied on, that it was not the intention of
the framers of the Constitution to admit any idea
that slavery was to be recognized by that instru-
ment, except as a local State institution, depend-
ent wholly upon State laws. This was the uni-
versally recognized construction of the Constitu-
tion for more than sixty years after its adoption.
All the departments of the Government—legis-
lative, executive, and judicial—have uniformly
acted upon this construction until within the last
ten or twelve years. The State courts, and es-
pecially the courts of the slaveholdmg States,
adopted and followed the same construction until
within a few years past.
But it is now claimed that all this must be re-
versed, and that now and henccforth it must be
held that slavery is recognized by the Constitu-
tion, and that it goes everywhere throughout our
territorial limits, when not prohibited by local
State laws. And 1 confess I cannot very well
understand why, or how, if this claim is well
founded, it does not go into all the States as well
as the Territories, in defiance of State constitu-
tions and State laws. The Constitution of the
United States is the supreme law of the land, and
all State constitutions and State laws in conflict
with it arc void. The citizens of each State are
entitled to all the privileges and immunities of
citizens of the several States. Whatever is recog-
nized as property by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, I suppose any fcitizen may take with
him where he will, and make his domicile where
he pleases.
I suppose the Legislature of Ohio has no right
to prohibit my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Ad-
ams] from coming to Ohio with his Bourbon
whisky and his Durham cattle, and making Ohio
Ins residence. If is difficult, therefore, to see, if
slaves are recognized as property by the Consti-
tution, how any man can be deprived of the right
to own and enjoy it wherever he may go, or
wherever his domicile may be. I am aware that
this is not not# claimed. It would be premature
and bad generalship to lay siege to the citadel of
freedom before the outposts are secured.
But it is claimed that, slaves being recognized
as property by the Constitution, the slaveholder
has a nght to take them into the Territories, and
hold them there until a State government is organ-
ized. It is also claimed that, slaves being prop-
erty, the slaveholder has what is technically
called the nght of transit; that is, the right of a
slaveholder going into or passing through a free
State, for purposes of business or pleasure, to
take his slave with him, and hold him us a slave
so long as Ins business or pleasure may require
him to remain. The only limitation upon the
right as it is now claimed is, that he may not
make the free State his domicile and still hold his
slave.
Let us understand one another distinctly, and
see what the proposition is in all its length, breadth,
and proportions. They do not claim that, as a
matter of comity and good neighborhood, the free
States ought to grant that privilege. It is claimed
as a constitutional right, winch the slaveholder
may exercise in defiance of the laws of the State
to which he goes. If the relation of master and
slave continues during the passage or stay of the
party in the free State, it must carry with it all
the incidents which naturally and necessarily re-
sult from that relation. The master must have
the right to exercise dominion and control over
the slave, and to use such force and inflict such
chastisment upon the slave as may be necessary
to compel obcd'cnce to his lawful commands.
And by what law shall this power be regulated
and controlled? There is no common law to
which we can appeal, for the common law docs
not recognize the leiation at all.
What is a "lawful command," that the slave is
bound to obey? What law shall determine? Does
the slaveholder carry with him the law of his
^Stater If he is a Virginian, does the law ofVir-
ginia apply; and if he is a Kentuckcan, some other
law ? The claim, then, is, that if a slaveholder,
passing through a free State, gives his slave rea-*
sonablu correction, which, by the laws of the
State in which the offense is committed, is an as-
sault and battery, he may nevertheless plead the
'laws of another State, set up the relation of mas-
ter and slave, and that the battery charged was
in the^exercise of his rights as owner or toaster
in giving reasonable correction to his slave, and
therefore that he was justifiable; and this rs a
good bar to the indictment. Or, if the slave re-
sists, and is killed by the master, the killing is not
murder, but justifiable homicide. And whether,
in any given case, the facts will constitute a jus-
tification, depends not upon the laws of the State
where the offense is committed, but upon the laws
of that one of the fifteen slave States from which
the master may have happened to come.
But, if the Constitution recognizes the slave as
property, and as such is taken by his master into
a free State, he goes there subject to all the in-
cidents and liabilities of property. He is liable
to be seized on execution or attachment for the
paymentof his master's debt. He may,of course,
be sold at public auction to the highest bidder. And
if the sale be legal', and the purchaser acquires a
good title, is there any reason why a person dom-
iciled in the free State where the sale is made may
not become the purchaser and hold the title? But
if the master should die in a free State, having his
slave with him, and leaving debts unpaid, the slave
must go to the administrator as assets for the pay-
ment of his debts, and for distribution to his heirs.
And if the master finds it necessary to avoid a
sale of his slave for the payment of his debts by
judicial process, he certainly may sell him at pri-
vate sale, and aj5ply the proceeds in the same
way.
But if slaves are property under the Constitu-
tion, in the same sense that horses and cattle are,
they are legitimate subjects of barter and sale
wherever they may lawfully be held. Why, then,
shall not the slaveholders from Maryland and Vir-
ginia take their marketable slaves to New York,
and there meet buyers from the Gulf States, and
sell and ship them to the cotton plantations bf
Alabama and Mississippi? It seems to me that,
this doctrine once firmly established, the Battery
or the old Park, in the commercial metropolis of
the Union, would make the most magnificent slave
market upon the continent. It would largely in-
crease the trade and business of that great city,
and therefore I understand this doctrine has many
advocates there.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Ohio
says we claim that we hold our negroes by virtue
of the Constitution of the United States. I know
of no person who sets up any such claim.
Mr. STANTON. Then, I confess, I am at a
loss to comprehend how it is.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will tell the gentleman
how it is. We say the Constitution lecognizes
property in slaves; but there is 110 Democrat in
the country, there is no man in the South, Dem-
ocrat or anybody else, who claims that the Con-
stitution carries the right to slaves as property in
the States.
Mr. STANTON. I beg that the gentleman
will not interrupt me. That is a mere play upon
words. You say that the Constitution recognizes
property in slaves in the same sense that it recog-
nizes property in all other commodities, and that
constitutes precisely the premises that I have
stated.
Mr. REAGAN. I merely want to interrupt
the gentleman, to say that I never knew a south-
ern man who pretended to set up such a right.
Mr. STANTON. It is the unavoidable result
of the claim which you do set up. There is no
escape from it. If it be your constitutional right
to take your slaves to the free Suites, and hold
them as such while in transitu to another slave
State—and that is the principle involved in the
Lemmon case, now pending in the other end of
the Capitol—yon cannot escape the conclusion
I have drawn. What is that claim? It is, that
the Constitution of the United States gives the
right to take a slave into one of the free States,
and keep him there for temporary purposes, so
long as your business or pleasure requires.
Mr. STEVENSON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio to say that itis claimed-, in the
Lemmon ease, that the Constitution gives* the
right to go with a slave and settle in a free Stater
Mr STANTON. Certainly not. I say the
