eo
APPENDIX TO THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 15,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State.of the Union—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. of Reps.
claim is made that you may go there with your
slaves and remain temporarily.
Mr. STEVENSON. If I understand thatcase,*
the only claim made is the right of a person to
hold his slaves while in transitu from one State
to another.
Mr." STANTON. That is precisely what I am
talking about.
Mr. STEVENSON. The right to hold a slave
mfransitv, from one State to another is not the right
to go to a free State with your slave and remain.
Mr. STANTON* Certainly what they claim is
the right to hold the slave in transitu, the right to
hold him long enough to enable the master to trans-
act his business—just solong, in fact, as he pleases,
so that he does not become domiciled. Thatis the
whole of it.
Now, gentlemen, when you have established
this state of things, I want to know how much
this whole Confederacy, from the Aroostook to
the Rio Grande, falls short of being one great con-
solidated slaveholding Confederacy? Now, this
is essentially'thc question in issue between these
two political organizations; and the gentleman
from Texas tells us that unless this Republican
party disbands or agrees to recognize these con-
stitutional doctrines, then civil war comes, and
this Government must be overturned.
Mr. COBB. Thegentleman from Ohio wants us
to circulate some of his speeches. Now, if he will
incorporate some documents which I have here,
stipulations of treaties between this Government
and Great Britain, productions of John Adams
and Benjamin Franklin, I will agree to take live
hundred copics and circulate them in my district.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman may publish
them as an appendix to the speech.
But, Mr. Chairman, there are some things that
gentlemen ought to understand. If they desire a
peaceable separation of this Union, and the or-
ganization of a southern confederacy, they ought
to know that it cannot be accomplished in the
nlode they are adopting. I grant you, very freely
and frankly, that 1 do not believe this Govern-
ment can permanently be held together by mili-
tary force. 1 do noi believe that any section of
this Confederacy will ultimately subjugate and
overrun the other, and hold it as a conquered
province. I have no idea of any such thing. It
is against the genius and the spirit of the age. No-
body would attempt any such thing. I regard a
civil war as really settling the question that there
is to be ultimately a separate confederacy. I have
no idea that such a war could end otherwise than
in a separation of this Union, and the organiza-
tion of separate confederacies. I am perfectly sat-
isfied of that. Anybody who supposes that fif-
teen, or even severror eight, of the States can be
held as subjugated and conquered provinces makes
a great mistake. But, whether they can or not,
they ought not to be. It is against the spiritand
the genius of the age; and no man ought to seek
to do it. 6utgentlemen must see that by the way
they are going on with this secession movement,
they inevitably bring on civil war; you cannot
break out of the Union by force or violen.ee. If
we have a Government at all, so long as that Gov-
ernment remains operative its laws must be exe-
cuted. Why is this a Government? Is there any
such thing as a Government that permits its flog
to be insulted and trampled under foot; its laws
to be disregarded? Why, sir, when you put Bos-
ton court-house in chains for the recapture of a
runaway negro, and the Army and the Navy
were called out to aid you, you did not think
there was any harm in coercion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not want to interrupt the
gentleman without his consent. I have never
done so.
Mr. STANTON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BOCOCIv. When the Boston court-house
was surrounded with chains, and the Army and
the Navy were called out to deliver up Anthony
Burns, a fugitive slave, had the State of Massa-
chusetts, as a sovereignty, interposed between her
citizens and the Federal Government?
Mr. STANTON. I am a sort of a Yankee;
and I would answer thegentleman byaskinghim
whether Georgiaand Louisiana did any such thing
when those States seized the Federal fortresses
withm their limits, although those States have not
seceded?
Mr. BOCOCK. They did not; but what they
have done was under State authority.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understood the gentle-
man to say that Georgia has seized the public
property.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, so far as
Georgia is concerned, that she has taken the forts
referred to because they were intended for her
protection and for her defense, and not for her
injury. We accept all the responsibility, for the
State of Georgia, attaching to that act.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly I understand that.
I understand that the State of Georgia takes upon
herself the responsibility of a civil war for which
there is no pretense and no constitutional justifi-
cation.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman yield to me?
Mr. STANTON. If my time be extended, I
will. [Cries of " Agreed!'' " No objection !"]
Mr. HILL. I wish to say, Mr. Chairman,
that, as I understand it, the State of Georgia has
not seized any portion of the public property of
the United States. Perhaps some bands of sol-
diery in Georgia may have done so; but not act-
ing under the authority of that State. I disclaim
the act on the part of the people of the State of
Georgia, acting as a State. [Cries of " Good
" Always right!"]
Mr. CRAWFORD. There is a'conflict be-
tween 
Mr. STANTON. I cannot yield any fur-
ther.
Mr. CRAWFORD. As my colleague has taken
issue with me on the matter, I only desire to set
myself right. The gentleman and myself difFer
as widely as the poles in reference to the seizure
of the forts, as well as the act which Georgia will
to-morrow, or very soon, adopt. He may not
think that that act of seizure will be justified by
the State of Georgia. I tell him that it is justified
now by a popular majority of nearly forty thou-
sand.
Mr. HILL. One word. It is not my purpose
to join in any issue of mere speculative opinion
with my colleague. It is to be seen whether the
people of Georgia approve of the seizure of the
United States forts. I do not undertake to speak
with the same degree of certainty that my colleague
does. I have not scud a word on that subject. I
say, that the seizure of those forts has not been
authorized by any act of the Legislature of the
State of Georgia, or by any convention of her
people. I stand by that. What may occur here-
after I know not. I have always hoped for a peace-
able solution of our troubles. I hope that Georgia
may find it. I confess that I do not see a very
bright prospect from the right of this House, if
all the speeches from that side are to be like that
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] I'do
not know how this difficulty will terminate. I
think we have arrived at one conclusion, and if gen-
tlemen permit me I will state it. For one, I have
thought from the beginning that these speeches
would not bring us any nearer to a pacific settle-
ment. I am strengthened in my conviction from
what has occurred here since noon yesterday,
when this debate was commenced. I think that
that conviction will grow upon the members of
this House the longer this debate lasts. I think
that gen tlemen committed a great mistake by open-
ing this debate, so far as the peacc of this country
is concerned.
Mr. LOVE. I have a word to say.
Mr STANTON. I hope gentlemen will allow
me to finish my remarks without further inter-
ruption.
Mr. LOVE. I am one of the Georgia delega-
tion, and I want to say a word.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will not object, if the
time of the gentleman from Ohio is extended.
Mr. LOVE. I do not object to that.
Mr. BURNETT. I do hot wbnt any misun-
derstanding on this subject. I am willing that
the time of the gentleman from Ohio shall be ex-
tended f5 the extent that it has been taken up by
interruptions.
Mr. STANTON. That is all I want.
Mr. LOVE. Mr. Chairman, I am not satisfied,
as one of the Representatives of Georgia, with
the position of either of my colleagues. I un-
derstand my colleague, Mr. Crawtord, to say
that Georgia has seized upon the fortresses in the
State of Georgia, because they were put there
for her defense; and, without qualifying that re-
mark, he said that the people of Georgia will sus-
tain the act. I understand my colleague, Mr.
Hill, to say that he utterly disavows and dis-
claims the act himself, as done without authority
from the State of Georgia. Now, I think that both
of those positions are wrong. In the first place,
my colleague, Mr. Crawford, is wrong, because
he does not know as yet whether the State of Geor-
gia will sustain the act or not. My colleague, Mr.
Hill, I think to be wrong, because those who did
take possession of the fortresses did so in accord-
ance with the commands of the Executive of the
State of Georgia.
Mr. HILL. I madeno issue upon that point. *
Mr. LOVE. The true reason why those fort-
resses were taken was this: the Legislature of the
State of Georgia had, by an act of legislation, con-
vened a convention of the people of the State of
Georgia; and they were to pass upon the fact as
to whether Georgia would longer maintain her
position as one of the States of this Uniort. In-
termediate to the passage of that act, and the as-
sembling of the convention, the Executive of the
State of Georgia became alarmed by the act of
Major Anderson &t Charleston, and he thought it
probable that this Government would send troops
to take possession of the fortresses at the mouth
of the Savannah river; and, as a purely defensive
act, he took possession of those forts. If the con-
vention o? the State of Georgia should not secede,
the Governor of Georgia will order those forts to
be turned over to the Government of this country.
It was a purely defensive act.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, there is
nothing in my remarks inconsistent with those
just made by my colleague, [Mr. Love.]
Mr. LANDRUM. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment ?
Mr. STANTON. I hope no gentlemen from
other States than Georgia will attempt to inject
speeches into mine. I beg the gentleman will
excuse me.
Mr LANDRUM. I hope the gentleman will
allow me a moment.
Mr. STANTON. I think I have been very
liberal.
Mr. HARDEMAN. With the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to make a remark.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I suppose I must
yield to Georgia.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I wish merely to state
that there is no disguising the fact, judging from
the very appearance of the people of Georgia,
that they think the Government is undergoing a
great revolution; that a revolution is going on;
and that the Federal troops and the Federal guns
are threatening the southern States. In view of
those facts, the Executive of the State of Georgia,
in or^nr that he might save and protect the peo-
ple of his State, in advance took possession of the
forts of the State of Georgia, knowing it was not
justified according to the usages of nations, ex-
cept m revolutionary times. It was a revolutionary
measure, for the protection and defense of the
people of Georgia; and if they should, in their
sovereign capacity, this week, determine to se-
ccde, the people of Georgia, I have no doubt,
will indorse the action of the Governor as an ac-
tion of safety. If they do not, the Governor will
return those forts to the General Government.
And I may say further, that if they do secede in
their sovereign capacity, I am prepared to defend
the consequences resulting from that act, for
weal or woo.
Mr. STANTON. Well, we are in rather an
interesting position. If we garrison these forts
and protect them, gentlemen proclaim that that is
coercion, and a provocation for civil war; if we
leave them utterly defenseless, and indicate no
intention Unenforce the laws immediately, they
seize and take possession of them themselves,
and turn the guns of the United States against
the constituted authorities.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Hill] says
he thinks this discussion is inopportune; and per-
haps it i«j; but I think it well that we should un-
derstand one another. I have said, in reply to
the gentleman from Texas, that these cardinal
principles, recognized from the foundation of the
