644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
tory. I hold that the ad valorem rule of taxation
is correct; but I hold that there must necessarily
be exceptions to it, and that those exceptions
may be better left to the wisdom and virtue and
discretion of the people to be affected by them,
than to the Congress of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. I think that there is a fetter,
notwithstanding the remarks of the honorable
Senator. If he will put the amendment in the
shape of an exception to the general principle
which he objccts to—that is, of leaving it at the
discretion of the Legislature as to whether they
will, or will not, exempt this particular species of
property, so as to free them from the restriction
which he supposes is embodied in the previous
clause—I have no objection to that; but as I road
the amendment, it is mandatory; they arc com-
pelled to exempt these articles.
^ Mr. DOUGLAS. That is very true; hut you
liave already said in the bill that they shall not
exempt any property. My proposition is, to
leave the discretion with that people to exejnpt or
not, as they please. The Senate has decidcd
against that discretion; the Senate has decided
that this body is to determine what shall be the
rule of taxation there, and that there shall be no
exemption from taxation, no matter what the
property may be; and, acting upon the principle
that the Senate is to determine for these people,
instead of allowing them to determine for them-
selves, those favorable to exempting a homestead
have proposed to put in that exemption very
properly. It would not be necessary to put in the
amendment offered by the Senator from Texas,
if you were going to leave it discretionary with
the people of the Territory. Since you have de-
prived them of all discretion, if you want them
to have a homestead secure, you must put in the
exception.
Mr. BAYARD. I still cannot see the force of
the honorableSermtor'sargumcnt. I am in favor
of general restrictions upon the grant of legisla-
tive powers to the people of a Territory on prin-
ciple; but when you eome to the question of de-
tail, I am willing to leave the details to their
discretion, but not to make it mandatory .upon
them. The amendment undertakes to iiiterfeie
"with details, and say they shall exempt from tax-
ation certain property. That is a question of
detail which I would rather leave to the local Le-
gislature, though I am not prepared to go to the
extent of leaving them (where they have no writ-
ten constitution, as the States have) unrestricted
by any species of general principles.
Mr. HEMPHILL, I think the provision con-
tained in the bill, requiring all property to be as-
sessed for taxation, and for taxation ad valorem,
has been generally constiued in constitutions and
bills of this character, to extend to all property,
so as not to give the Legislature the power to ex-
empt any property from taxation; and therefore,
in constitutions and in organic acts, the rule has
been, I think, to make express exception, where
the taxation by the ad valorem principle has been
established, if it is intended to allow any exemp-
tion. For that reason I have offered an excep-
tion, which I think is a very moderate one. It
only exempts household and kitchen furniture,
tools of the mechanic, and so on. It might have
been extended much further.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Texas to amend his proposition, so as to
say that the Legislature of the Territory shall
have power to exempt these articles.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I will accept that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And then allow me to say
one word. I understand that we now, in sub-
stance, are forming the organic act for the people
of this Territory, which is to them a constitution.
They have not furmed any constitution; we arc
forming it for them. I am unwilling that the
constitution, which is to control the legislation of
the Territory, shall give unlimited power to the
Legislature. We want constitutions for the pur-
pose of binding the power of Legislatures, and
not giving them unlimiteddiscrction. Therefore
it is that, in the constitution of every State—so
far as I know—in this country, there is a provis-
ion which requires that properly shall be sub-
jected to a uniform system of taxation, and that
the Legislature shall not have the discretionary
power to tax this property or the other property
at its pleasure. At the same time those constitu-
tions do provide that the Legislature shall have the
power to except certain species of property from
taxation. It seems to me that these two provis-
ions—the one contained in the bill that there shall
be a uniform system of taxation upon property,
and the exception which is proposed by the Sen-
ator from Texas in his amendment—perfectly
harmonize; and harmonizewith the constitutions
of most of the States, so far as I know.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Texas, as
he has accepted the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin, providing only that the Legisla-
ture may exempt the homestead from taxation. I
wish to add, " and such other property as they
shall think ought to be excepted."
Mr. HEMPHILL. I will accept that also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) That will be incorporated as apart
of the amendment of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, as the amendment
now stands, taxes are to be ad valorem9 except
that the Legislature may exempt from taxation
such property as they may deem proper; but all
they do tax, they must tax alike.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Texas to accept that as an amendment?
Mr HEMPHILL. I did accept it; but I do
not know that I ought to do so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object to that going in
as part of the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know what right
the Senator from Wisconsin has to object to its
going in as a part of the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Texas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object to its goingin,as
having been sanctioned by me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course. 1 am merely
getting the Senator from Texas to accept it. The
Senator from Wisconsin may vote as he pleases
after he has accepted it.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I believe I shall withdraw
my acceptance.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I have something to
say about it, and I must object to the Senator's
accepting the other proposition. His amendment
having been amended by the vote of the Senate,
he has no right to accept an amendment to it, unless
by unanimous consent. I interpose objection; and
I desiro a vote upon it. Now, the question is,
whether you arc going to proscribe the rule of tax-
ation for that people m their own local affairs, or
will allow them to prescribe it for themselves.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let them do it in their
own way.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is precisely what I am
for. I agree with the venerable Senator from
Kentucky that they ought to do it in their own
way. The Senator from Wisconsin is mistaken
in supposing it is a lule of taxation throughout
this country that all taxes shall be according to
the value of the property. It is so in his State;
but Wisconsin is not the whole woild; it is not
the entire Union. I have shown that, in nearly
every State of this Union, if not in every one,
there are exceptions, there are exemptions, and
not only is puilicular property exempted from
taxation, but there are different rules of taxation
for different kinds of property. I have shown
that, in Virginia, slaves under a certain age, twelve
years I think, are exempt, and over that age are
not taxed like other property. In North Caro-
lina slaves under twelve yeais are exempt, and
perhaps those over sixty are exempt, and be-
tween those ages they are not taxed m the same
ratio as other property. So it is in nearly every
other State. I have reason to know that m some
States slaves are taxed as persons, and m others
they are taxed as property, in some pro rata and
in some per capita. So it is with other kinds of
property.
Now, the simple question is: will you allow
the people of the Territory to tax themselves, or
will you impose taxes on them ? I do not know
what you are going to give them a government
for, if you are not going to allow them to prescribe
their own taxation. If there is any system of
legislation that affects the rights and feelings, and
excites the jealousies of any community on earth,
more than all others, it is the rate of taxation and
the system of taxation; and if the people of a
Territoi y arc notcapable of prescribing their own
system of taxation for the support of their own
domestic and local institutions, why give them a
government at all ? It is no argument to say that
in some States the rule of taxation ad valorem has
been adopted, for it was adopted by the people
themselves. I am willing to let the people of the
Territory adopt the ad valorem system, if they
prefer it. i should be for the ad valorem system
with some slight exceptions; I think it is a just
system. Inasmuch, however, as this is a matter
affecting their pockets and not mine, taxing their
own property and not mine, I am willing that
they shall prescribe the rule, instead of my pre-
scribing it'for them. I know of no purpose for
which a territorial government is to be granted
legislative power, if you are not go ins: to allow
them to say whether their people shall be taxed
or not, and how much, and in what manner.
"Mr. GRIMES. This bill, I understand, pro-
poses a territorial government for a remote Ter-
ritory, some three thousand miles away from us.
A part of that Territory is an agricultural coun-
try; a part of it is a nuneial countiy; and we, men
who have not been selected for this purpose, as I
apprehend—for such a thing never was attempted
to be incorporated into any territorial organization
before—we are sitting here and gravely attempt-
ing to determine for the people of that remote
Territory, three thousand miles away, without
knowing anything about the resources or geogra-
phy of the country, the method in which they shall
levy their taxes. Now, I undertake to say that
the Senator from Wisconsin is most egregiously
mistaken when he says that in all the territorial
bills before this, or in many of them, or, indeed,
in any of them, there have been any exceptions
of this kind, such as have been submitted by him
and by the Senator from Texas. I happen to
have lived in three Territories 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the Senator from
Iowa misunderstood me. I referred to the con-
stitutions of several States which contain this pro-
vision for uniform taxation, and allowed the Le-
gislature the power to except certain species of
property fiom taxation, as school-houses and
churches.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator to
include m his remarks, not only the States that
hnd constitutions, but the Territories that had or-
ganic laws, and to speak of those organic laws as
being the constitutions of the Territories. I am
very well aware that no such exceptions have
hitherto been made. I know that the people of
the Territories are better able to judge as to the
method in which their taxes should be laid and
collected than we aie here and I think that this
matter had better be left to them. I therefore
trust that the whole amendment which has been
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin and the
Senator from Texas will be voted down, and that
we shall let the bill stand in this respect as it came
from the committee. We are not in a condition
to determine this question so well as the people of
the Territories.
Mr. GREEN. I hope we shall take the vote,
and get this bill through. I do not think it needs
any further explanation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. 1 hope not. The bill can be
through m ten minutes.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I dislike to prolong this de-
bate, but I must call the attention of the Senate
to the injustice which is being done these people
by these restrictions, in order to confirm what
has been said by the Senator from Iowa. Now,
what is to be taxed m thisTerntory of Jefferson,
or Idaho, or whatever you call it? The mines,
under the bill as it now stands, cannot be taxed
at all. All mines are public property, belonging
to the United States, and all your mining opera-
tions arc conducted on that public property. The
large miners that go and erect their machinery for
the purpose of grinding out quartz-rock and sepa-
rating it, are to be exempt. The Territory can
tax no land until the Indian title is extinguished,
is brought into market, and sold. It can then
tax the homestead that the settler gets under the
homestead bill. Thus, the homestead of the miner
is taxed, while the machinery and property of the
capitalist, who constructs his works on the pub-
lic lands, where he cannot buy the mine, are ex-
empt. That is going to be the effect. Nearly all
