1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
The Union of the Slates—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
Government, cannot be surrendered,-let the con-
sequences be what they may; and that might as
well be understood first as last. But when I say
that, I do not say that I ant not willing to say
something^or even to do something, to remove
the delusion and madness which pervade the
southern people. The very basis of this revolu-
tion, and the very ground of this rebellion, is the
utter and total misapprehension of the objects and
purposes of the Republican organization, and of
the incoming Administration. Now, I hold my-
self bound, as a patriot, even in the face of these
demonstrations, to do whatever I may to remove
this delusion and to correct this misapprehension;
and if gentlemen will come here with a spirit and
disposition to be enlightened, and to understand
the purposes and objects of the Republican party
and of the incoming Administration, I am pre-
pared to say at once what I am ready to do. I
undertake to say that, when this Republican Ad-
ministration comes into power, the Government
will be administered, so far as this slavery ques-
tion is concerned, precisely as it was by all the
best Administrations of the Government until
within the last twelve years. I undertake to say
that the administration of Mr. Lincoln will not
differ, in principle or in practice, on this ques-
tion, one hair from the administrations of Jeffer-
son, Adams, Madison, Monroe, John Q,uincy
Adams, General Jackson, General Taylor, and
perhaps even James K. Polk. There is not the
slightest ground in truth and reality for all this
clamor. I regard it, really and intrinsically, as
the jpost groundless and most unjust rebellion
that can be found in the history of the world. But
being so, I do not claim that the great mass of
the southern people are disloyal. I believe they
are laboring under a misapprehension, and that
they are misguided. The ravings of Garrison
and Phillips, and of a thousand other men who
are now gloating over the* ruin that is now im-
pending; who aie united heart and hand with
those in Chaileston and South Carolina who are
seeking to overthrow the country in blood, have
been disseminated throughout the slave States as
containing the doctrines of the Republican party;
and the people of the South, acting under that
idea, and supposing that that is a true represent-
ation of the Republican party, are now, strangely
enough, seeking to resist this incoming Admin-
istration, and to prevent it from exercising power
over them.
Mr. LEAKE. I want to ask the gentleman
from Ohio, how he can expect that Lincoln can
administer this Government upon the principles
of Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, John
Gtuincy Adams, Harrison, and, perhaps, Polk?
He said he could do that; and 1 want him to
explain how it can be done.
Mr. STANTON. It can be done, for the plain
reason that it proposes and professes, in advance,
precisely the same principles proposed by Madi-
son, and Monroe, and Adams, and Jackson.
Mr. LEAKE. Permit me to ask the gentle-
man why he excludes Washington's administra-
tion ? *
Mr. STANTON. Among other things, the
gentleman from Texas bases his whole argument
upon the idea that the Republican party is seeking
to interfere with the subject of slavery in the slave-
holding States of this Union. Now, to satisfy his
constituents that we contemplate no such thing,
I am prepared to admit that amendment to the
Constitution proposed by the committee of thirty-
three yesterday—taking away from the Federal
Government the power to interfere with slavery
in the States, except by the unanimous consent
of the slaveholding States.. 1 am disposed to ^ive
them that assurance, merely to remove a delusion.
There is no necessity for it; for no one contem-
plates any such act; but, as your people have
been misled, and have apprehensions upon the
subject, I am willing to quiet those apprehensions.
As to this territorial question, I mn willing to
remove it, so far as I am concerned, by recog-
nizing New Mexico as a State. Let her settle it,
and take this subject of the territorial expansion
of slavery beyond the reach of this Government,
and beyond the jurisdiction of Congress entirely.
Let us have no more quarrels about the extension
of slavery in the Territories.
And now, whatever may be done, as a patriot
and statesman seeking the welfare of his country,
without surrendering the essential principles upon
which the Government is founded, I am simply
to say what I am prepared to do. I confess I
have very little expectation that any reasonable
suggestion of this sort will be received, when I
consider the tone and temper of the speech to
which I am replying.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman from Ohio has
alluded to the report of the committee of thirty-
three, made yesterday, and the measures which
have been recommended to this House for adop-
tion. I, as a member of that committee, protest
that no such recommendation was made oy that
committee. I am not aware that a single one of
the series of propositions was approved by that
committee. Upon a direct and distinct vote, the
committee lepudiatcd what, I believe, is recognized
as the report of the committee, and by a very large
majority of its members. I say, then, that there
is no report. Nothing was adopted by the com-
mittee, and nothing was recommended by the
committee; and it would be a fraud upon the
country to permit the assertion to go uncontra-
dicted.
Mr. STANTON. I did not intend at all to
refer to it as the report of the committee. I spoke
of the measures which I was willing to recognize
and adopt.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman alluded to it as
the repoit of the committee, or I should not have
interrupted him.
Mr. STANTON. Now, Mr. Chairman,as to
the history of Texas, its struggle with the Indians
for their country, its struggle with Mexico, the
establishment of its independence, I have nothing
to say; but I have one woid to say about that
magnificent donation of one hundred thousand
square miles, of which the gentleman spoke. I
confess I always regaided the surrender or sale
of that territory to the United States as the s<ile
of a thing to which she had as much title as she
Jiad to so many miles of moonshine.
Mr. REAGAN made a remark inaudible to the
reporters.
Mr. STANTON. I understand perfectly well
that it was one of the compromise measures of
1850, and one upon which the Republican party
has stood, and one which we never interfered with
or sought to disturb. No Republican has sought
to change it. We are willing that it shall con-
tinue to stand, and let the consequences take care
of themselves.
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; go on.
Mr. IilNDMAN. I understood the gentleman
to remaik thathis party—the Republican party—
had adhered in good faith to the provisions of the
compromise measures of ibf)0, in so far as they
related to the Territories of New Mexico and
Utah.
Mr. STANTON. I say that there has been no
attempt to disturb them. They have been per-
mitted to remain undisturbed.
Mr, HINDMAN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman if, under that compromise, the people
of these Territories were not to be permitted to
determine this question of slavery for themselves ?
Mr. STANTON. I so understand it.
Mr. HINDMAN. Did not the Republican
party, at the last se&sion of Congress, pass a bill
denying to the people of New Mexico the right
of deciding thiw question for themselves?
Mr. STANTON. The Republican party did
repeal a law, which was the most extraordinary
law in the world—the power to repeal being re-
served in the act organizing the Territory. It
was a part of the compromise measures of 1850,
that Congress should have power to control the
territorial" legislation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a word or two,and I am
through. There is nobody who can misappre-
hend or doubt what it is that has brought us to
our present condition.' The compromise measures
of 1850, greatly to the benefit of the South, and
resisted by a large portion of the people of the
free States, were nevertheless acquiesced in for die
sake of peace. We disliked them. They did not
suit me; I was dissatisfied with them; I think I
should not have voted for them; but, for the sake
of peacc, the people of the free States acquiesced
in them, and there was nowhere, down to 1854,
a movement made in the free States to interfere
with or disturb the compromise of 1850. Butgen-
tlemen from the South, not satisfied with that
condition of things; not willing to permit the
compromises which had been made in past years
by our fathers to remain, went to work and sought
to propagate and extend slavery in all the Terri-
tories of the Confederacy. That was their de-
liberate and avowed purpose. The principle was
asserted that the Constitution carries slavery into
all the Territories, and that Congress has no
power to interfere for its exclusion or prohibi-
tion.
The doctrine distinctly laid down and main-
tained by the Democratic party South, in 1854,
and adhered to from that time to the present, was
that the South had a right to take their slaves
into all the Territories; that it was a right guar-
antied by the Constitution; that Congress had no
power to interfere with it; and that, therefore, all
the Territories of the United States were slave
Territories. Efforts were made by the aid of
Federal patronage, by federal bayonets, and by
Federal power, to establish slavery in these Ter-
ritories guarantied to freedom, in defiance of the
will of the people. Thereisthcoriginof ourpres-
ent troubles. There is the source from which all
these evils have sprung. That effort has been
resisted from that day to the present. It has been
successfully resisted; and because the opponents
of slavery extension have now succeeded in se-
curing the control of the executive department of
the Government, so that it can no longer be used
for these purposes, so that Federal patronage and
power can no longer be used to aid in the propa-
gation of slavery, gentlemen of the South say
they will no longer submit to this Government;
but will break it in twain, and establish a repub-
lic of their own. Now, if we are really so antago-
nistic and hostile; if there is no conservative feel-
ing or sentiment in the South to respond to any
proposition that looks to the removal of the exist-
ing delusions and mistakes that the people of the
South are laboring under, then I grant you that
this, probably, is about the end of this Republic.
A word more. If gentlemen of the South are
really seeking the permanent and ultimate disso-
lution of this Confederacy, there is but one way;
in which they can accomplish it; and that is not
the way in which they arc pioceeding. If they
chose to organize their separate confederacies, and
recognize the jurisdiction of the United States for
the tjme being, until through the proper channels
the people might be consulted as to conferring
upon one section of the Confederacy the right to
set up for themselves, it would be altogether a dif-
ferent question. Butgentlemen must be perfectly
aware that no Government that ever existed can
surrender its powers to rebellious demands. The
thing is utterly inadmissible. It is the disorgan-
ization of society, the abandonment of all Gov-
ernment; it is an abdication of the duties of the
executive department; and gentlemen certainly
must see that that mode of accomplishing sepa-
ration can Iftad to nothing but civil war and blood-
shed If gentlemen are determined to do it; if
they will take nothing less; if they will resist by
force of arms, and refuse an opportunity to con-
sult the people—the only true source of power—
as to what ought to be done; why then the con-
sequences must take care of themselves.
THE UNION OF TlIE STATES —THE MAJORITY
MUST GOVERN—IT fS TREASON TO SECEDE—
MILLfONS FOil DEFENSE; NOT ONE CENT FOR
TRIBUTE !
SPEECH OF HON. JAS. M. ASHLEY,
OF OIIIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 17, 1861.
Tlio House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. ASHLEY said:
Mr. Chairman: For more than a quarter of a
century, the citizens of the free States of this
Union, powerful 111 numbers, indomitable in en-
ergy, superior in wealth and culture, have sub-
mitted to the constitutionally expressed will of the
people; and a few thousand slave owners of the
