1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
the mining operations in California are carried
on upon Government lands. The Governmen-
is the owner of those mines; and under this syst
tem of taxation, the Territory cannot tax the
men who have the wealth, because it is required
to tax in proportion to the value of the property,
and to make no discrimination among property,
and it cannot tax the propet ty of the United States,
The mining operations arc conducted on the
property of the United States. Whatever ma-
chinery is put upon the property of the United
States must be considered a part of the realty and
exempt. Then the only property which the Ter-
ritory can tax under this bill will be the horse, the
mule, the shovel, and the spade of the miner, ex-
empting the capitalist that employs him, because
his machinery is on Government property. Then
they can tax the few farmers who may raise grain;
and tax the homesteads that they may get under
the homestead law,and sell them; butthey cannot
tax the machinery and the large establishments
that are conducting these mining operations. That
is going to be the effect. There never wasasys-
tem of hardships so grievous as the one youwoujd
impose by the system of taxation provided for in
this bill.
Mr. GREEN and Mr. HALE addressed the
Clniir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. GU.EEN. As I see that the debate may
be prolonged, I yield to the Senator from New
Hampshire, to make his usual motion.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Janvary 30, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONSULAR SERVICE OF THE DXTTED STATES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the provisions of the
eighteenth section of an act entitled " An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States," approved August 18, 1856, a
statement of the fees 'received by the consular
officers of the United States for the year 1859, the
tariff of consular fees, and a list of all consular
officers on the 31st of December, 18G0, with cer-
tain other papers; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed
MILITIA OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. JOHN II. REYNOLDS. I am instructed
by the select committee of five to report a bill
' further to provide for calling forth the militia of
the United States in ceitain cases.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know how that
bill can get before the House at this time, unless
by unanimous consent'
The SPEA KER. The Chair understands that
unanimous consent is asked for the introduction
of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to it.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS I report the bill
now, as I have the right to do, under the piivilcge
conferred upon the seSectcommittee of five by res-
olution a few days since. That committee has
the right to report at any time.
Mr. BURNETT. I make a point of order on
the gentleman from New York. He claims the
right for the select committee of five to report at
any time. I deny that any such right has been
conferred upon that committee. The resolution
which was offered by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Howard,] chairman of that commit-
tee, and adopted by the House, does not, under a
fair construction, authorize the committee to re-
port at any time. I desire particularly to call the
attention of the Speaker to the wording of the
resolution, and I hope he will give it a close ex-
amination. If he does, I think he will find that
the resolution does not, by its terms, confer upon
the committee of five the power to report at any
time. I make the point of order that that com-
mittee lias not the right to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. This matter will be inform-
ally passed over until the icsulution adopted on
ssire./
se the f<
motion of the gentleman from Michigan can be
sent for.
Mr. BURNETT. That is what I desire
WITHDRAWAL OF ME. COBB.
The SPEAKER laid before the HouseThe fol-
lowing communication, addressed to him:
Washington, Janvary HO, 1861.
Dear Sir : Having just received the following:
An ordinance to dissolve the Union between the State of Ala-
bama and other States united tinder the compact styled " the
Constitution of the United States of America."
Whereas the election of Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal
Hamlm to the offices ot Provident and Vicc President ot the
United States ot' America, by a sectional party, avowedly
hostile to the domestic institutions and to the peace and
security of the people of the State of Alabama, preceded by
many and dangerous infractions of the Constitution of the
United States by many ol the States and people of the north-
ern section, is a political wrong of so insulting and men-
acing a ehaiaeter as to justify the people of the State of
Alabama in the adoption of piompt and decided rneasuies
for their Inline peace and security: Therefore,
Be it declared and ordained by the people of the State of
Jilabama in convention assembled, That the State ot Ala-
bama now withdraws, and is hereby withdrawn, from the
Union known as "the United States of America," and
heneefoith ceases to bo one of said United States, and is,
and of light ought to be, a soveieign and independent State.
Sec. 2. Be it further declared and ordained hxj the people
of the State of Jilabama in convention assembled, That all
the powei^ over the teimorv of said State, and over the
people thereof, herctofoie delegated to the Government of
thu United States of America bo, and they arc hereby, with
diawn fiom said (Jowi ntnent, and at e hereby lesuuied and
vested in the people of the Slate of Alabama.
And as it is the desiie and purpose of the people of Ala-
bama to meet the slavehokhng States of the South, who
may appiove such puipose,in oidei to frame a provisional
as well a? permanent government, upon the puneiples of
the Constitution ot the United States
Be it resolved by the people of Alabama m convention as-
sembled, That the people ot the States of Delaware. Mary-
land, Virginia, jVoith Carolina, South Catolina, Florida,
Georgia, Mi?>i—lppi, Louisiana, Te\a<«, Arkansas, Ten-
nessee, Kentur-ky, and Miss-oim, be, and are hereby, invited
to meet the people of the State ot Alabama, by their dele-
gates, in convention, on tin- *Uh daj ot I'Ybruaiy, A. D.
1861. at tlx.1 city of Montgomeiy, m the State of Alabama,
for the puiposo ot consult 1112 with each other as to the most
effectual mode ol secunnc concerted and harmonious ac-
tion in whatevei measure^ may be deemed most desirable
for our common peace and M'euiity.
And beit further resolved. That the president of this con-
vention be, and is hereby, instructed to transmit forthwith
a copy of the loregomg preamble, ordinance, and lesolu- ;
tions to the Governors of the seveial States named 111 said
lesolutions.
Done by the people of the State of Alabama in conven-
tion assembled, at Montgnmerv, on this, the llth day of
Januaiy, A. D. 181)1. WILLIAM M. BROOKS,
P) evident of the Contention.
1 feel it my duty to decline anj l urthcr participation m the
business ot the United States Uoiho ot Uepicsentatives ;
and 111 dome this I need not cxpic-s my deep icgiet that
causes exist that rondos it nece^aiy. God save t/iecoun-
ti (/.'
f have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
W. It. W. COBB.
lion. William Flnninoion,
Spcaket of the Home of Tlppraentatincs,
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I beg the House to
indulge me for a few moments before X leave my
scat in this Flail. [Cries of" Agreed!'1]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has unani-
mous consent.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of
the House of Representatives, I feci it due to my
country and my constituents, to this House and
myself, before taking my departure, to give some
reasons which have dictated the act which I now
take. I have declined taking it before, resolved
upon first receiving in form the ordinance of seces-
sion from the State of Alabama. My colleagues
left some days ago. I did not go with them, be-
lieving it to be my duty to wait for the copy of
the oidinance of secession of Alabama, which I
have embraced in the communication just read
from the Cleik's table. Yet, since the withdrawal
of my colleagues, 1 have absented myself front the
deliberations and business of this body; andfrom
that time I have not drawn "tie cent of pay.
Under the action of my State, under that ordi-
, nance, which I received yesterday, I am, in my
i judgment, compelled to retiirn to the land which
1 gave me birth, to share its fate through weal and
woe, through good and evil fortune. Profound,
sir, is my feeling m leaving this House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, where 1 have
served for the last fourteen years. Those with
whom I have served, and with whom I have been
associated, will bear witness with what fidelity I
have ever endeavoied to discharge my duties as
one of the Representatives of the people. It has
ever been my desire to do justice by ail, and never
to be forgetful of that courtesy which ought to
characterize the intercourse of the members of the
House. I depart from this presence reluctantly,
because I had hoped from the beginning that
something would have been done to preserve the
integrity of this Union. Day after day, week af-
ter week, I have waited for something to be done
by the Senate and this House in the way of com-
promise, predicated upon the Constitution and
equitable principles, such as we have a right to
expect; which would, sir, have been received by
my constituents with gladness of heart.
It will be remembered that on the llth of last
month I advised members that Alabama would
withdrawherselffromtheUnion by the 15thofthis
month of January, unless something was done to
restore peace and harmony to the country. My
prediction has been fulfilled. Now, sir, when. I
return home, let me not go without hope. Let
me have it within my power to say to my people
that there is hope, however faint it may appear
now. But my appeal to the House is that there
shall be action; something done to restore con-  
fidcnce between the different sections of the Union,
that there shall be peace, harmony, and prosper-
ity once more restored to this now divided and
distracted country. [Applause.]
Letmc biiefly recount some of the events which
have transpired since my service here. I have
seen acquisition after acquisition of territory by
war and purchase. While I have been a mem-
ber, men from the North and men from the South
have fought together upon the same battle-fields,
in defense of the standard of the Union. I have
seen the eagles of the Republic sweep with proud
wing across the snow-clad Rocky Mountains,
and I have seen the stars and stripes planted upon
the Gulf of California, and upon the shores of the
far Pacific. I have seen more: I have seen our
flag break down the selfish barriers of oriental
nations, and fly in triumph in China and Japan,
a shield and a guard of protection for American
citizens and American commerce. How grand
a future had the Union only a few years back!
With the planting interests of the South, and the
manufacturing and shipping interests of the North,
I looked (o see our ourselves the masters of the
world. But, sir, in that I have been mistaken.
I have seen savage nation after nation yield to
the civilization of the white man. I have seen
State after State, and Territory after Territory,
constructed out of country annexed since I have
been a member of this House. Yes, sir; and 1
have seen star after star fall from the galaxy of the
brightest names in our country's history—a Clay,
a Webster, a Calhoun, and others. Oh, that to-
day some of those bright luminaries could raise
their voices from the grave, and speak to those
they have left behind, and tell them what their
duty is! If we had them with us to-day, prob-
ably we might save this great and once happy
country, by a settlement of these present diffi-
culties. But they are not with us. Yet cannot
we find others who, if not equal in ability,are as
anxious to settle these unhappy difficulties, and
to restore peace and harmony to our distracted
country? I trust we shall find many such.
Sir, you must be well aware of the depth of
my feeling when I take my leave of the councils
of a country which has been a great country
during the brief period of its existence, and which
wasdestined to he the greatestcountry upon earth.
You can imagine that a man of ordinary ability
and feeling must feel deeply, when he sees a coun-
try, greater than any other the sun ever shone
upon, distracted, and perhaps severed forever. I
feel deeply; and I am not ashamed to confess it.
I say, with uplifted hands, God save my coun-
try! Who will say the same? How many will
say that they arc anxious to save the country ? I
trust, all. 1 have to leave the matter in your
hands. When you send your messengers to us
of the South, I trust you will not send messen-
gers to coerce and subjugate us; but send us mes-
sengers of peace, and we will receive them with
open arms and warm hearts. But, if you should
deem it your duty to send persons to coerce and
subjugate us, we must defend our rights, and pio-
tect our wives and little ones. We may not be
able to eiecta monument of victory to bequeath
to them; though we can, and I trust wo will, ill
such an emergency, erect a monument to our
memory, with the inscription thereon, written in
letters of blood, ice have faithfully defended our
constitutional rights
