646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
And now, let me appeal to you to do something
after I shall have gone, to satisfy the anxious mind
of this nation; for I believe that prayer is going"
forth continually, from one end of tho country to
the other, that something may be done before the
4th of next month. On that day a convention of
southern States assembles at Montgomery for the
purpose of forming a provisional government. I
ueg you to do that which will make it unneces-
sary for them to take that step, and which will
restore the country to a condition of peace and
happiness.
Mr. Speaker, I ought not to trespass upon the
courtesy of the House, nor consume its time
longer; but I must say one word more. As I look
around me, I see many vacant seats. What has
become of those who have heretofore occupied
them ? The seats once occupied by my colleagues
are vacant. And are not the seats occupied by
the South Carolina delegation vacant? Yes. Do
1 not sec the seats of the Georgia delegation vacant?
*Yes. And that of the member from Florida?
Yes; nil, all are vacant; and what does it mean?
The rapidly occurring events of the day give us
an answer not to be misunderstood. Will you
not heed tho warning contained in these portent-
ous events?
And now, before I take leave of you, my north-
ern friends, allow me, with a throbbing heart, to
return to you my warmest thanks for the many
efforts you have made to save the country. We
have differed upon some minor matters—matters
of less importance than the great question we have
fought our battles upon; but when I leave you,
I bear with me only fond recollections, and the
consciousnoss that I leave behind me brave and
patriotic hearts, able and willing to battle for our
constitutional and equal rights, and the safety of
our common country. And now, gentlemen of
tho Republican party, lot me say that you have
this question in your own hands, and that you
can still this storm before the sun shall set to-day.
Will you not do it, and allow your President to
come into power as the President of the whole
country, North, South, East, and West? I trust
that you will do something; that peace and har-
mony may be restored; that your families and our
families, that have mingled so long m social har-
mony,may not be culled upon toshed each others'
blood; and that peace may reign from the rising
to the setting sun,and from the Lakes to the Guif
of Mexico. Stand upon your assumed dignity
and platform no longer; but come patriotically up
to the call of your distracted country, and coming
millions shall pronounce you blessed. 1 now
thank the House for the many courtesies extended
to me and the aid they have often given me in
passing many important measures, and bid you
adieu, to return, as 1 have said, to my dear Ala-
bama, where the bones of my father and my
mother rest; to defend their ashes, and to share
the fate of those to whom I am closely bound, be
it for weal or for woe. [Applause in the galleries.]
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented, by request, the proceedings of the Demo-
cratic State convention of Ohio, as follows:
democratic statc convention of ohio.
A delegate convention of the Democratic party of Ohio
was hold in the city of Columbus, on Wednc^dny, January
23,1861, "to do something definite and practical to avert
the terrible evils ot civil war, and the calamity of a p"rma-
nentseparation of these Slates."
Leading representative men of the Democracy composed
the convention, and nearly every county in the State was
represented.
The convention was organized by the election of Hugh
J. Jewctt as president.
Judge iUrmy, chairman of the committee, repeated the
following resolutions:
1. Rcsolicil, That since the admission of Ohio as one of
the United Sute. , the Democratic party of the State has
uniformly s-hown devotion to the Union, allegiance to the
Constitution, obedience to the Federal laws, and respcct
lor the constitutional rights, nnd regard for the interests of
each ot her Mttcr States; and that the same views and
sentiments now animate the Democrats ot Ohio.
H. Resolved, That while we gratefully acknowledge the
services of those of our public men m Congress, who are
striving to preserve the Union, and thus to protect the best
interest's of our nation,and the cause of constitutional lib-
ertj among mankind : and while we would accept with joy
tlx* compromise ^measures known as the Crittenden reso-
lutions, or the propositions of Senatois Bigler or Doug-
la. 5, or those known as the " border Status" resolutions,
as a basis of settlement of our national difficulties ; or any
other settlement of our alfairs, honoiable to us all, which
Ctin be effected by conciliation and compromise, and mu-
tual concessions of all coneerned.to securc the safety and
perpetuity of the Union ; jet we believe that the questions
that disturb the country arc of such a character, and have
existed for so long a period, that the time has arrived when
the people of the whole country should avail themselvesof
that provision of the Constitution which requires Congress,,
upon the application of the Legislatures of two thirds of
the seveijgl States, to call a convention of all the States, for
proposing amendments thereto.
3. Resohed, That this convention does recommend and
request the General Assembly of this State, now in session,
to make application to Congress to call a convention, pur-
suant to the fifth article of the Constitution of the United
States, for the purpose of proposing amendments iheieto.
4. Resolved, That the president of this convention be in-
structed to communicate the foregoing third resolution to
the presiding officers of the General Assembly, with the
request that they present the same to their respective
Houses.
5. Resolved, That the two hundred thousand Democrats
of Ohio send to the people of the United States, both North
and South, greeting: and when the people of the Noith
shall have fulfilled their duties to the Constitution and the
South, then, and not until then, will it be proper for them
to take into consultation the question of the right and pro-
priety of coercion.
These resolutions were adopted by the convention with
great unanimity.
The following resolution was then adopted:
Resolved, That the presiding officer of this convention
be diiected to send to the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of Ilepiesentatives in Congress, and
to the Governors of the several States of the Union, the
resolutions adopted by the convention.
Mr. COX. I hope those resolutions will be
laid on the table, and printed. They are the ex-
pression of two hundred thousand as good patriots
as are in the Republic.
The resolutions were laid on the table.
IMPROVEMENT Otf THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented to the House the memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, for the improvement of the
navigation of the Mississippi river, from the
mouth of the Minnesota river to the Sauk rapids;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON WAR DEBT.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, asked unan-
imous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion: ♦
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs have
leave to bung in their report on Senate bill No. 11, making
an appropriation for the payment ot the expenses inclined
by the people of the Territories of Oregon and Washington
in the stippiession of Indian hostilities in the years ]85.Vand
ld)0,'and that it be made the special order for Thursday,
Fein uary 7.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
HULL AND COZZENS.
Mr. BURNHAM. I yesterday asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further consid-
eration of the bill (H. It. No. G;>4) for the relief
of Hull & Cozzens and John Naylor & Co., in
order thatitmaybeputuponitspassage; to which
the gentlemen from Kentucky and Tennessee ob-
jected. Upon my assuring them that 1 would
offer to the bill an amendment which they sug-
gested, I understand that they will not object to
its being taken up at this time.
The bill was read.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not see any amend-
ment which covers the objection I made.
Mr. BURNHAM. I was going to propose it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object, as it is oat of
order to take up the bill. There is already un-
finished business before the House.
Mr. WASH BORNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
CALLING 1'OETII TUB MILITIA, ETC.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the bill presented by the gentleman from
New York, upon which a question was raised by
the gentleman from Kentucky. The resolution
to which the gentleman referred Tjjill be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
ResolccJ, That the select committee of five, to winch -was
referred the message of tho President of the 9th instant,
have leave to sit during the sessions of the Hou^e, and to
reportfrom time to time, as the importance of the business
in their hand-* may require.
Mi. BURNETT. I submit that the resolution
confers upon that committee the right to report
from time to time, but it does not give them the
right to report nt any timp; the object of the res-
olution, according to my construction, being to
permit those gentlemen to divide the business in-
volved in the President's message referred to them,
and to report it, not to this House whenever they
saw proper, but that they might not be discharged
when they had made a report, as in ordinary cases
they would be.
The SPEAKER. Upon an examination of the
resolution,the Chair is compelled to overrule the
point of order, and rule that the report of the bill
is in order.
The bill was then read a second time.
Mr. BRANCH presented to the House his rea-
sons in writing for his non-concurrence in the bill.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS moved that the bill
and reports, majority and minority, be printed,
and made the special order for Wednesday, the
6th of February, after the morning hour.
Mr. BRANCH. Unless the gentleman from
New York can give us some assurances that by
that time wo can get the bill and reports printed,
I must oppose the fixing of so early a day.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. Let me say to my
friend that, inasmuch asobjection is made to mak-
ing this bill a special order, 1 will modify my mo-
tion, and move that the bill and reports be printed
and recommitted to the select committee.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. CURTIS. If it is the purpose of the gen-
tleman to postpone this bill, I would suggest that
it be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. That committee have the same subject un-
der consideration, and are in conference with the
Secretary of War and the commanding general.
We Have had it before us for some time.
The SPEA KER. The motion now is to re-
commit and print.
The question was taken on Mr. John H. Rey-
nolds's motion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was recommitted to the select com-
mittee,and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
DUTIES OS IMPORTS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a privil-
eged question. I am authorized by tho commit-
tee of five to report a bill further to provide for
the collection of duties on imports. I submit it;
together with a report expressive of the views of
the members of the committee who report the bill.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have not signed
the minority report in reference to the bill re-
portedby my colleague from New York [Mr. John
H.Reynolds] from the same committee; but I
beg to express my dissent from that measure at
this Particular time. I am content, in regard to
this bill, that tho same direction shall be given to
it that has been given to the last bill. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina, 1 believe, intends to
present a minority report.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 ask leave of the House to
present my views in writing 011 this bill.
The bill was then recommitted to the special
committee, and, with the reports, ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by A. J. Glossbrenneu, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that he
had approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act for the relief of Sampson Stanfill;
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to issue a land warrant to Daniel Davis;
An act for the relief of D. C. Whiting; and
An act fof the admission of Kansas.
The announcement of the approval of the bill
for the admission of Kansas was received with
slight applause on the floor and in the galleries.
EXTENSION OF RAILROAD.
Mr. BOTELER. I ask the permission of the
House to bring up a matter of local importance
and that requires no appropriation. I ask that
the Committee of the Whole oil the state of the
Union be discharged from the further considera-
tion of an act (S. No. G4) to authorize the exten-
sion and use of a branch of the Alexandria, Lou-
don, and Hampshire railroad within the city of
Georgetown.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the amend ments of
the Senate to the post route bill.
Mr. BOTELER. Had I not tho consent of the
House to bring up this matter before the regular
order of business was callcd for?
The SPEAKER. The objection was made in
