1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
36th Cong....2d Sess.
The Union of the States—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Refs.
whose fall will ever be regretted by the good and
great, and whose last fatal step should be a per-
petual warning to all who shall come after him.
Sir, it would seem as if, by the rock-beaten shore
of his own beloved Massachusetts, in whose
bosom he is laid down to rest, there must come up
forever from old ocean a sorrowing response to
the sad hearts of the people of Massachusetts for
his fall. " Vanity of vanities ;all is vanity," saith
the Preacher. The weakness and nothingness of
human greatness never in all the history of the past
shone out more conspicuously than when this
great light went out, overshadowed as it was by
the dark cloud of slavery. From the hour he
abandoned the principles of freedom and the will
of the people of Massachusetts, he felt that he
was dying, and he hurriedly bade adieu to this
Capitol, to the scenes of his wonderful triumphs
and former glory, and to the dying organization
which had been at once his life and his death, and
passing away with it, both were entombed to-
gether; and there the party, and he who was its
brightest ornament and most distinguished leader,
will ever remain—the party to be remembeied in
history only for its greatness and folly, its timid-
ity and its wrongs: its greatness—in that it had
as its leaders the brightest intellects of the land,
and *in its ranks the mass of intelligence; its
folly—in that it subordinated human rights to a
financial policy calculated to benefit the few, rather
than guard the interest of the many; its timid-
ity—in that it never could lead, but was ever on
the defensive, pleading for ease and quiet; its
wrongs—in that it gave the sanction of its organ-
ization to the mostoffensive demands of the slave
power when it indorsed the fatal compromise of
1850.
Mr. Chairman, there was no more necessity for
the political excitement which preceded the so-
called compromise of 1850 than there is to-day for
President Buchanan to inflict upon this House
and country another message on southern rights
and southern wrongs. That panic was all man-
ufactured, coolly and deliberately manufactured,
just as the owner of a steam-mill would get up
steam by putting fire under the boiler.
Just so with this " crisis," to a great extent.
Three fourths of it is the baldest pretense. There
are only a few leading men who at heart favor
it; and those who do, have put a ball in motion
which, unless soon checked, they will be unable
to control, or even direct; and, like the authors of
the French revolution, they will, in all human
probability, be among its first victims. Already
the sober-thmktng men of the South are trem-
bling, not only for their own personal safety, and
that of their families, but for fear of a despotism
winch they cannot tolerate, and a taxation which
will eat out all their substance. Already we get
glimpses of what may be expected m the future,
especially if war should ensue. Foiced contribu-
tions must be levied; thecitizens will be assessed,
and told they'must take so much of the revolu-
tionary stock. If they refuse, they wili be classed
among the disaffected, then denounced as Aboli-
tionists in disguise, and subjected to the mercy
of a maddened mob. A tax of ftom fifteen to
twenty-five do/Zarsperhead annuallyforeach slave,
and other property in proportion', will soon cool
the mad enthusiasm of the thoughtless.
How many men are there in South Carolina
over twenty-one years of age? Not more than
fifty-five thousand Of this number less than ten
thousand arc planter;?; and not more than twelve
thousand in addition own their homesteads. Al-
most, two thirds of the entire white population
are tenants at wili of the planters. They are very
poor, ignorant, and destitute; and, according to
Senator Hammond—
Obtain a precarious subsistence by occasional job*, by
hunting, by failing, b\ plundering: fields and folds, and too
olten bf what is in its effects Jar worse—hading with
slaves, and seducing them to plunder for tlieir benefit."
With less than twenty-five thousand men who
have any property to be taxed, South Carolina
proposed to make war on the United States. Has
-the world ever witnessed such stupendous folly
and madness? From seven to ten million dollars
annually will he necessary, if ahc is involved m
war, to mauftain her government and army.
Where is this vast sum of money to come from?
From the other slave States, it may be answered;
but the other slave States will be in no better con-
dition than South Carolina, even if they should
unite. The proportionate cost of maintaining one
or ten governments, one or ten armies, would be
about the same.
Mr.- Boyce, late a member of this House, an-
swered these questions, a few years ago, in an
address to the people of South Carolina, as follows:
" South Carolina cannot become a nation. God makes
nations—not man. You cannot extemporize a nation out
of youth Carolina. It is simply impossible; we have not
the resources. We could exist by tolerance ; and what that
tolerance would be, when we consider the present hostile
spirit of the age to the institution of slavery, ail may readily
imagine. I trust we may never have to look upon the
painful and humiliating spectacle. From the weakness of
oui national Government a feeling of insecurity would aiise,
and capital would take the alarm and leave us. But it may
be said, " Ln capital go !" To tins I reply, that capital w
the life-blood of a modem community; and, on losing it,
you lose the vitality ot the State.
" Secession—separate nationality, with all its burdens—
is no lemedy. it is no redress for the past, it is no security
for the l'utuie- It is only a magnificent saetifice of the
present, without m anj wise gaming in thefutuie. Such
is the intensity of my conviction on the subject, that if «e
cession should take place—of which I have no idea, for I
cannot believe in such stupendous madness—I shall con-
sider the institution of slavery as doomed, and that the great
God, in our blindness, has made us the instrument of its
destruction."
What Mr. Boyce then said, is as true to-day
as when he uttered it. South Carolina cannot
long maintain her present position; with her com-
merce destroyed by blockade, as it will be in
case of war, all her available men in the army, an
immense police force, at great cost, to watch and
prevent, if they can, an outbreak among the slaves,
every branch of business prostrated, and her cot-
ton and rice fields turned into desolate wastes,.
Ko people will long submit to such an intolerable
condition. Already men of means are moving or
sending their families North, ltisastep dictated
by prudence. I should certainly do so, were I a
resident of the South, and one of her largest slave
owners. I would have no fears that my family
would be either mobbed, or insulted, or ordered
out of the country by some self-constituted vigi-
lance committee, or that my property would be
destroyed or stolen and distributed among the
rabble, because I happened to be a resident of a
southern State. No judicious man, who is able,
will hazard the risk, at such a time, of having
his wife and family violated and massacred by
the slaves in case of a servile insurrection. The
madness of the leaders in this attempted revolu-
tion, is driving, and will drive, thousands of fam-
ilies and millions of wealth into the North. The
bluster of 1832 drove some citizens of South Car-
olina, whom 1 know, into Ohio; and I doubt not
there were others who settled in nearly all the free
States.
When the loading conspirators come to put
their hands into the pockets of the people, to take
their last dollar, they will rebel. If the citizens
of South Carolina, and of the southern States,
were oppressed by the national Government-with
burdens that honorable and patriotic men could
not bear, then 1 grant you they would, as would
every brave people, sacrifice life and property
without stint, if there was any hope of bettering
their condition. They have not, however, and
cannot point the people to a list of intolerable
grievances, such as will justify their attempted
revolution.
The address issued to the southern people,
which was piepared by order of the South Caro-
lina convention, declares, that *
" While constituting: a poition of the United States, it
has been the statesmanship of the South which has guided
the nation in its mighty stride* to power and expansion.
In tin' field, on in tin; Cabinet, it i.-> they who have led it to
its tenown and giandour."
For seventy-three years then, on her own show-
ing, southern statesmen have controlled and given
direction to the national Government, under which
their section has grown from a million and a half
to eight millions, without including the slaves,
and has advanced in prosperity and Wealth, as no
people ever did before. Is there, then, taking her
own statement as true, any justification for the
course South Carolina and other southern States
arc attempting, and which ncaily all are threat-
ening?
No wrong or unconstitutional act has been com-
mitted, or is proposed to be committed, by the j
General Government. Is the mere election by the
people of a President who does not favor the cher-
ished policy of a few thousand slaveholders, suf-
ficient cause for destroying the Union, and involv-
ing the nation in civil war? I need not answer
this question; there can bc„and there will be, but
one response by the patriotic men of a.11 parties.
The judgments of all thinking, impartial men in
the entire nation, and in the civilized world, will
condemn the leaders who> without cause, are at-
tempting the dissolution of this Union, and the
destruction of the best form of government ever
devised by man. To this crime is added that of
duplicity. During the late campaign, every pres-
idential candidate for whom the South or North
voted, distinctly denied that they were in favorof
disunion; but, on the contrary, they all professed
the most unqualified devotion to the Union.
The people of the United States, then, voted,
but little over two months ago, unanimously iff
favor of maintaining the Union. Why, then,
should it be destroyed now ? What has been done
since to justify such a gigantic crime? Can any
one give a satisfactory answer? Men who have
brought about the present excitement may attempt
to satisfy themselves; but they cannot justify
their conduct to an intelligent people.
Hut we are told, Mr. Chairman, that unless we
vote for such new guarantees to slavery as the
South shall demand, that all the southern States
are going out of the Union. It is said that they
intend to do this with the confident expectation of
obtaining concession from the North which they
could not obtain in the Union. That they expect
to do this by a reconstruction of the Federal Union
on such tcims as they shall dictate. In this mad
scheme they have the sympathy, encouragement,
and promise of aid from men in the free States,
calling themselves Democrats.
The basis of the new Union is to be the recog-
nition of slaves as property by constitutional pro-
vision, unalterable except with the consent ofevery
slave State. And this is called democracy in the
year of grace 1861. Democracy in the days of
Jefferson was for free States and free Territories.
Madison " would not admit into the Constitution
the idea that there could be property in man,"
To-day the doctrine that slavery is right and must
be made perpetual, js the test of what is called
Democracy. That such demands will ever be
acceded to by the people of the United States, I
do not believe possible. But whatever may be the
course of others, be the consequences what they
may, by no act or vote of mine shall the Consti-
tution of my country ever be so amended as to
recognize pioperty in man.
Mr. Chairman, ours is a complex system of
government, uniting tfto governments within the
same territorial jurisdiction. The State govern-
ments being confined within their own bounda-
ries; the national Government extending overall
States and Territories, and on the high seas.
Every loyal citizen is subject to both these gov-
ernments; and can in no way withdraw his alle-
giance from either, except by ceasing to be a cit-
izen of the United States. If he is a citizen of the
United States, he is also a citizen of the State
where he resides; and he cannot be a citizen of
any State and be released by any action of said
State from his allegiance to the national Govern-
ment. Both these governments, the State and
Federal, derive allflhe power they possess directly
from the people. The Government of the United
States is supreme to the extent of the powers
clearly delegated to it in the national Constitu-
tion. The State governments are supreme within
thqjr limits, except m the exercise of power re-
served by the people, or prohibited to them by
the Constitution of the United States.
There can be no misunderstanding as to what
the reserved powers are which are prohibited to
the States. Article one, section ten, of the Fed-
eral Constitution declares that—
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or con-
federation; grant letters ot marque and reprisal; com
money? emit bills of credit; make anything but gold and
silver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill of
attainder, or expost Jacto law, or law impaning the obliga-
tion of contracts, or grant any title of nobility.
Clause two:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any imports on duties, on imports or exports, except what
may be absolutely necessary for execiftmg Us inspection
laws ; and tho net produce of all duties and imposts laid by
