648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
that portion, and to the discouragement of our
section of country.
With one other consideration I will close. I will
remind gentlemen that there is a growing interest
on Lake Superior—an interest that is rapidly-
extending westward. The commerce on Lake
Superior for last year amounted to the sum of
$10,000,000. The manufacture of iron in that
region has more than doubled within the year;
the mining of copper has nearly doubled. It is a
good country westward.
For these reasons, as a matter of justice, and
as a matter of right, I trust tho House will concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ALDRiCH. I regret extremely that the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
should have felt bound to report against this amend-
ment of the Senate, for the reason that I believe—in
fact I know—that it is nothing more than we of the
Northwest are entitled to at the hands of this Gov-
ernment. For four successive winters have the
Senate appropriated this amount of §>200,000 for
the establishment of an overland mail from the
Mississippi river to Puget Sound. They have
done it because they thought it was due to us who
live in that part of the country. Mr. Speaker, I
now make an earnest and anxiofts appeal to this
House to come forward and grant us this act of
justice. We ask for nothing more than justice;
and we are not willing to submit to anything less.
Mr. Speaker, it may not be improper for me
to say to you, whom 1 know to be a just and true
man—it may not be improper for me to say to the
honorable chairman of tho Committee of Ways
and Means, to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and to
the honorable chairman of the sclcct committee
on the Pacific railroad—that they must not pre-
sume too much upon our loyalty. [Laughter.]
Whenever gentlemen upon that side ofthe House
ask anything at the hands of this Congress, it
would.seem that all that is necessary foi them to
do is to threaten a little. Now, sir, I do not say
that our people will slough off—go down the Red
River of the North, and unite with the British
possessions; but! want gentlemen here to ponder
over it. I do not say that they will do it; but they
may do it, if they do not receive justice at your
hands. I do not throw this out as a threat.
[Laughter.] Thry are true and loyal now; lhopc
they may continue so. We, as I said before, ask
for nothing that we are not entitled to; and 1 now
respectfully ask that the amendment of the Senate
may be concurred in.
Mr. COLFAX obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana to permit me for a moment.
I am strongly in favor of this section, and I desire
to put it in the shape m which it will command
the most strength. I hope the clause which pro-
vides for the branch mail from Superior, Wiscon-
sin, to Crow Wing, which is entirely unnecessary,
will riot bo adopted.
.Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I must ob-
ject to that. Wisconsin will have something to
say on that subject.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I most now re-
sume the floor. I desire to say to my friend from
Minnesota, and my friend from Washington Ter-
ritory, thatIregrct,asmuchoseither of them can,
that we did not feel at liberty to recommend a
concurrence m this amendment of the Senate; but
we could not do it consistently with the present
condition of the Treasury. We have provided
for one daily overland mail by the central route
to the Pacific. The gentleman will recollect that,
in the last session of Congress, we provided for
a daily mail along the Pacific coast; so that the
people of Oregon and Washington will now have,
by a somewhat circuitous route, a daily mail from
the Atlantic States. During the present session,
also, we have, at the request of the gentleman
from Washington Territory, increased the ser-
vice on Pugct Sound from a weekly to a semi-
weekly mad.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have briefly responded
to the gentlemen from Washington and Minne-
sota; and, as lam desirous of finishing up this
bill as soon as possible, I move to non-concur in !
the amendment of the Senate, and call the pre- 1
vious question. !
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire tosay a single word, '
m addition, with the gentleman's permission. 1 !
beg leave to say that this route passes a whole I
line of forts; itpassesFortAbercrombie;itpasses
Fort Union; it passes Fort Benton; and will sup-
ply them all with mail matter. And I will say
further that the route is one of great importance
to England, to Europe, and Canada. It is im-
portant, m this point of view, that that portion of
our country shall be opened up.
The gentleman says he is very sorry they can- j
not grant us this small pittance of $200,000 which !
we ask for the establishment of a mail service 1
over the northern route to the Pacific; yet thoy i
arc ready to grant to the Southwest $30,000,000
for a railroad,and they are ready to grant $800,000
for a mail over the central route. When my friend
fiom Texas asks for $80,000 to increase the mail
facilitiesof that State, they reply," Oh, yes;" " no
objection;" i'unanimous consent." But when we
ask for tho small pittance of $200,000, the gentle-
man says he is very sorry that he cannot recom-
mend it; very sorry, indeed; but in the present
state of the Treasury, this mail service cannot be
thought of.
Mr. COLFAX. I assure the gentleman that I
regret to have to differ with him, for I am for mail
facilities for the Northwest to as large an extent
as our finances will justify.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ALDRICH called for the yeas and nays
upon concurring in the amendment of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 00, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Mcwr^ Aldrich, Thomas L. Anderson, William
C. Anderson, Ashley, Drown, Bureh, BuiJingamc, Case,
Duell,English, Floience,Foster, Frank, Gunv, Hale, Ham-
ilton, William Howard, Uughe , Irvine, Francis W. Kel-
lojrg, William Kello«!x, Kenvon, Kilgoie, Kunkel, Larra-
lice, DeWitt C. Leach, Maclav, Charles D. Martin, Mc-
lvean, McKenty, Millward, Moorhead, ftlor&e, Nixon,
Palmer, Potter, l-klwm It. Reynolds, Royco, Scott, Scian-
ton, Sedizwiek, Sickles, ^pinnei, William Stewart, Strat-
ton, Tappan, Thayei, Theaker, Tompkins Train, Val-
landmiuun, Vundever, Van Wyik, W.ule, Waldion, Cad-
walader O. Washburn, Klhlni JJ. Wa>hbnrnc3 Wilson,
Wnidom, and Wood—00.
NAYS—Mcssts. Chailcs F. Adam-;, Green Aflame, Ad-
ram, Alley, Avery, Babbitt, Barret, JJoale, Ulan, Blake,
Boeock, Biabj-on, Hranch, Bra\ton, 13ris>to\v, Buffinton,
Burnett, Burnham, Buttei/icld, Campbell, Catov, Cobtirn,
Colfax, Conkling, Covodc, Cox, Jamo^ Ciaig, Burton
Craisfp. CurtN, Winter I)avn, John G. Davis Dawes,
De Jarnette, Delano, Dunn, Edgcrton, Edmund^on, Ed-
wards, Khot, Gilmer, Gooeh, Gmley, J. Moirison Uarus,
John 'j'. IlariH, Hatton, Iluulman, Hoaid, dolman, Wil-
liam A. Uowaul, Ilutchins Jenkins, Junkm, Ivillingor,
James M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan, Longueeker, Lovc-
joy, M.illoiy,Maiston,Ell>eit S. Martin, Maynaid, MeCler-
nand, MclCniglit, McPhersoa, MilJson, Montgomery,Laban
T. Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Olin,
1'eriy, Peyton, Phelps Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Quartos, John
M. Reynolds H.ip<*«, Christopher Robm.-ou, Rust, Sherman,
Simm-, William N. 11. Smith. Somes, Stevens Stevenson,
Stokes, Thomas, Tumble, Vance, Venee, Walton, Web-
ster, Weils Wlutclcy, Woodiuff, and Wright—102.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Before tho vote was announced,
Mr. BURCH stated that he had allowed the
action of the Post OfHcc Committee against this
amendment to go without objection; but, after the
remarks of the gentleman from Minnesota, being
willing to do any thing to strengthen the bonds
between tho United States Government and that
State, he would vote*" ay." [Laughter.]
Mr. NOELL said that Mr. Woodson* was de-
tained fiom the House by sickness.
Mr. KUNlvEL said Mr. Stewart, of Mary-
land, had paired with Mr. IIaskin.
The next amendment was reported, as follows:
Src. 22. And be it finthcr enacted, That the cost of the
seivice authorized m the thice preceding section? of this
act, and that now performing on the inland loute* num-
bered £911, 10801, lt>o78, and 80"6, 'hall be paid, after an-
nual appropriation, by the Secretaiy ofthe Treasury, upon
the ceiutie.itti of ssoivice from the Po-tma^ter Geneial, ex-
cept so far as appropriations may aheady have been made
loi such service.
Mr. COLFAX. This amendment is recom-
mended by the Postmaster General, and by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
move the previous question upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
offer the following amendment 
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot yield for an amend-
ment to this section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust the
gentleman from Indiana will withdraw the demand
for the previous question for a moment. The gen-
tleman will recollect that when a former section
was under consideration, I withdrew an amend-
ment, with the notice that I wouid oiler it to a
succeeding section. I send up the amendment,
and ask to have it read.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to hearing
it read; but 1 do not withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And the Postmaster General is hereby directed to reex-
amine the caii-sCo for di-contmuanee or curtailment of the
postal service on inland routes since the 4th day of Mai ch,
1859, and to icstoie all such parts ot the said service as can
be jestored with due regard to the public interest, and the
circumstances of each case; whether such discontinuance
or curtailment wa* upon contracts yet m force, or have
taken effect upon the making of new* contracts: Prowled,
however, That the rcstoiation oi increase of scrvicc hereby
contemplated shall be with the assent of the contractor in
each case, or in puisuance of his contract.
Ityr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the amendment just read.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Illinois
cannot take the floor from mo. I stated distinctly,
that while I had no objection to the reading of the
amendment, I did object to its being received. I
stated the reasons for my non-concurrence in it
the other day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When I
withdrew my amendment the other day, I gave
notice I would again offer it to this section; and I
did not understand that the gentleman from In-
diana would call for the previous question, so as
to cut me off. I want the House to have an op-
portunity to vote on this proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD I object to debate.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope, then,
that the demand for the previous question will be
voted down.
Mr. COLFAX. This bill provides for neces-
sary post routes in all parts of the country; and
I have endeavored to exclude from it all disputed
subjects which may load it down and defeat it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Unless tho
demand for the previous question be voted down,
I want the House to know that, my amendment
being excluded, they cannot get any mail route
restored. I demand tellers on seconding the call
for the previous question.
Tollcrswereordered; and Messrs. Washburne
of Illinois, and Burcii were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 68, noes 49.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
quorpm voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the af-
firmative; and the demand for the previous ques-
tion is seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be laid upon the table; and on that
motion I demand the yeas and nays. The effect
of my motion will be to put the amendment and
the bill itself upon the table, which result I am
desirous of seeing accomplished. I call for tellers
on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has. The business now
before the House is the special order.
WORKING MEN OS' PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. VERREE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to present the petition of
a committee of thirty-thiee, appointed at the
workingmcn's mass meetins;, held in Independ-
ence square, in the city of Philadelphia, on Sat-
urday evening, January 26, 1861. As that com-
mittee are present, 1 hope the petition will be read
at the Clerk's desk.
There was no objection. *
Mr. RUST. What is it!
Mr. VEPtREE. It is in favor of the Critten-
den proposition of compromise.
The Clerk read, us follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United States :
The petition of the undeisignud committee of Philadel-
phia workmgmen, without distinction of party, respect-
fully showeth:
That the> earnestly pray your honorable body to pass the
ievolutions introduced by Hon. Mr. Crittenden, ot Ken-
tucky, a copy of which hhereunto annexed, 01 resolutions
embodying tho same principles and measures, believing
that tin? course will be acceptable to your constituents 111
all sections of our countiy, and will have the effect of
allaj ing the present unhappy excitement.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust, Mr. Speaker, that
that petition will be referred to the select commit-
tee of five. It will convince them of the anxiety
