1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
of the people for some measure of adjustment of
the existing troubles in the country;'and I trust
most sincerely that it will be productive of bene-
ficial results.
Mr. GROW. When you speak for the work-
ing men, it seems you come on our side.
Mr. FLORENCE. This Hall is the proper
place to speak for compromise and conciliation,
whether on the one side or the other; and I shall
be glad to know that this side will listen to the
teachings of moderation and justice.
The petition was referred to the select commit-
tee of live.
CONTESTED ELECTION CASES.
_ Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Elec-
tions, submitted a report in the case of William-
son rs. Sickles; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GILMER, from the same committee, also
reported back the evidence in the case of Wil-
liam D. Harrison vs. H. Winter Davis; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CRITTENDEN RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, presented
a petition of citizens of Centre county, Pennsyl-
vania, in frivor of the Crittenden resolutions of
compromise; which was laid upon the table.
RESTORATION OF MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give notice
that I will to-morrow move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered on the
pending Senate amendment to the post route bill,
so as to get before the House my amendment au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to restore maiy
service where it is wanted. /
Mr. COLFAX.. And I give notice that I wfll
move that that motion he laid upon the table/
STATE 01^ THE UNION. \
The House then resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the report of the select
committee of thirty-three, on which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Conkling] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, from the out-
setofthis session, I have had little hope thatany-
thing could be done here or in the otherend of the
Capitol to arrest the revolution now prevailing in
some portions of the country. I was long ago con-
vinced that the turbulence now festered to rebellion
along the Gulf of Mcxico had its origin in causcs
which Congress could not remove, nor even di-
minish or retard. Yet I have never doubted that a
very numerous class of persons in the slavehold-
ing States—persons whose patriotism might safely
challenge comparison with that of any other citi-
zens of the country—were controlled in their polit-
ical sentiments and action by misapprehensions
as to the designs of the masses of the non-slave-
holding States; misapprehensions which all good
men would gladly unite in dispelling. It would
be strange, indeed, if this were not so. For years
past, gentlemen representing slaveholdingconstit-
uencies on this floor, have not hesitated to dignify
with the language of solemn assertion, aspersions
upon the political integrity of the northern peo-
ple, the wildest, the most preposterous, that have
come out of the fury and licentiousness of partisan
contests.
It has been ceaselessly proclaimed here, that
the Republican party had for its chief mission the
intentional subversion of the acknowledged con-
stitutional rights of one portion of the country;
that Republicanism was but another name for
abolition; and that the accession to power of a
Republican Administration would be signalized
by attempts to liberate slaves by the armed inter-
vention of the General Government. Speeches
made up of these and other like allegations, have
been sent like snow storms or locusts, to cover
the entire South. They have been eked out with
corroborations more pernicious than even the state-
ments they contained. They have beengarnished
withihctoricalflourishes torn here and there from
the sayings of Republican politicians. And, sir,
there is not in this world a greater temptation to
men to cxagcrate and lie than ambition to excel in
rhetoric. These speeches, I say, have abounded
with rhetorical flourishes of Republican politi-
cians, severed from the context, and represent-
ing the original meaning about as truly as a thread
of canvas, raveled fiom a picture, would present
the conception of a painter
They have abounded, sir, in another thing,
which I do not want to forget, infinitely more
detrimental still. They have bristled with scraps
cut from northern newspapers, newspapers which,
in assailing Republican principles and candidates,
have impeached the motives and character of their
opponents; have called us Abolitionists; have
aimed at us arrows of falsehood, intended to take
onlylocaland temporary effect, but which, picked
up where they fell, have been brought here into
Committee of the Whole, feathered with the frank-
ingprivilege,and shot withfar-rcachingandwide-
spreading destructiveness. Ten thousand springs
of falsehood and perversion have filled the very
atmosphere with noxious vapors, and,turned per-
sistently for years by politicians into one and the
same channel, have at length swollen into a cur-
rent so mighty as to bear away whole communi-
ties into utter disbelief in the patriotism of, at least,
one great party in the North, and convince them
that, throughout the non-slaveholding States, the
lovers of constitutional liberty are reduced to a
minority so hopeless as to be almost utterly ex-
tinct.
Todispelthis monstrous delusion, and strike the
scales of prejudice and misconception from every
innocent and honest eye, would be well worthy
the best efforts of the best minds in any Congress.
But, sir, I am saddened to believe the task is hope-
less—hopeless as regards the Gulf States atleast.
I am constrained to believe that there the avenues
to the public apprehension are closcd—closed to
all save those who have misguided it and lashed
fa into blind and boisterous excitement. Even if
the southern mind were accessible, and every man
and woman could be completely undeceived, I be-
lieve that, so far as regards the lower slaveholding
States, no cause would be subserved cxcept the
cause of abstract truth. The cause of Union, I
do not believe, would be perceptibly affected.
Dupes are never leaders. The men in the South
who have been imposed upon and become infat-
uated in regard to their brethren at the North, are
not the men who head rebellions or instigate re-
volt. The men who ride on the whirlwind and
direct the storm, those who have succeeded to the
powers of iEoIus, at least so far as to let loose the
south wind, are not the victims of any such delu-
sions. They know better. They know that the
party which has recently prevailed in the country,
meditates no innovation upon the Constitution of
the United States, nor any novel application of its
principles to slavery or to any other subject.
They know the mission and purpose of that party
is simply to restore the ancient policy of the Re-
public—the policy whichbegan with Washington,
and carried the Government in safety down the
stream of time for seventy years—seventy pure,
prosperous, and peaceful years. They know that
if the fact were otherwise, the newly-clccted Pres-
ident would be powerless to do wrong to the
South; as powerless as a child, with a majority
against him in both Houses of Congress, if south-
ern Senators and Representatives remain faithful
at their posts. These breeders of sedition under-
stand, as well as any man who hears me, the need-
lessncssof all these schemes of compromise. They
know how harmless a thing is a personal liberty
bill, if it conflicts with the Constitution of the
United States. They are lawyers, some of them,
and they have learned—certainly they learned long
ago in South Carolina—how puny a thing is legis-
lative usurpation in a State, before the beak and
claws of Federal power. They know that no Re-
publican, nor any political party mustering force
enough to elect a constable in a town anywhere,
pretends to aright to interfere with slavery in the
slaveholding States. They know that by the
declarations of all political parties such a right is
repudiated and denounced They know that an
amendment to the Constitution to enable the Fed-
eral Government to reach slavery in the States
could never be effected within any period of time
which present prophecy can cover. They cry out
about territorial injustice and usurpation, and yet
they know that we have but one Territory where
slavery could thrive, and there slavery exists
already, not—as was said the other day, inadver- .
tently no doubt, by the distinguished gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson*]—by the law of
Mexico, but by territorial laws, adopted under an
organic act, passed here, m this Capitol, and
passed by the votes of men from the North as well
as men from the South. The slave code of New j
Mexico had its origin in the compromise meas-
ures of 1850. It covers a vast area of territory
theretofore free by the law of Mexico and by the
law of nations; and the North have not the nu-
merical power in this Congress or the next to
repeal or disturb it. These causes of complaint
are frivolous, clearly and manifestly frivolous.
Yet such are the considerations upon which apos-
tate Americans are plotting the ruin of their coun-
try; such are the avowed reasons why this bright
vision of constitutional liberty, which fills Christ-
endom with light and hope, should shrivel like a
parched scroll; such the apology for attempting to
bury free institutions in the waves of revolution,
and leave the annals of self-government, like a
bloody buoy on the sea of time, warning the na-
tions of the earth to keep aloof from the mighty
ruin.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman yield a
moment?
Mr. CONKLING. For what purpose?
Mr. HINDMAN. For the purpose of making
a point oforderupon the language which has been
used by yourself.
Mr. CONKLING. That I must yield to, of
course.
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman from New
York used the term "apostate American.s> I
wish to inquire of the Chair if it is intended to
allow, now and hereafter, the application'of any
such term as that to any members of this House,
or to any portion of their constituents, who believe
that the time has come for a dissolution of this
Union and for a secession of the States of the South
from it ? I ask if it is in order to stigmatize them
by the application of the term " apostate Ameri-
cans?" 1 ask the Chair now to aecide whether
such a thing' is in order?
Mr. GROW. .Ts a point of order debatable ?
Mr. HINDMAN. I was making a point of
order, and it is statable, is it not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will merely say
upon that subject, that it is a matter which will
be regulated, he has no doubt, by every gentleman
who speaks to the House. The application of
that term to any gentleman present, or to any por-
tion of his constituents, will not be correct; but
the application might be made without any refer-
ence to any gentleman present, or to any particu-
lar person he is interested in,forall the Chair sees,
if the gentleman thinks proper to make it.
Mr. HINDMAN. Then I ask the Chair if the
qualifying remark should not go with the phrase
itself when used?
Mr. CONKLING. I desire no difficulty with
the gentleman from Arkansas, or with any other
gentleman, with regard to this debate. If that
gentleman knew me better, he would understand
that I would not select an occasion like this to say
anything personally offensive, in the slightest de-
gree, to any member of this House. But this is
a time which I think imposes upon every man the
duty, as I shall assume it gives me the privilege,
of speaking with absolute unreserve.
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman will allow
me one moment. I have no disposition to con-
sume one minute of his time unnecessarily.
Mr. CONKLING. If these interruptions do
not come out of my time, I will give way.
Mr. HINDMAN. Mypoint is this: that while
it is a period when every member 
Mr. CASE. I objcct to this interruption.
Mr. HINDMAN. Whether the gentleman
object or not,! intend to say 
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the gentleman will
have regard to the fact that his interruption may
come out of my time, by the requirement of the
House, at the end of the hour.
Mr. HINDMAN. It does not come out of
your time.
Mr. CASE. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HINDMAN. Thegentleman'sownfriends
arc compelling me to consume more of his time
than I would, and they cannot prevent me from
saying what I shall say, at all events.
Mr. GROW. I call the gentleman to order;
and I object in good faith.
Mr. CONKLING. I must decline to yield
further; and if the gentleman persists, he must
occupy the floor upon a point of order, or my
brief hour will be too far frittered away.
Mr. HINDMAN. The term''apostate Amer-
ican," was applied by the gentleman from New
York to some persons, and all I desire to know is.
