650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
to whom the epithet was applied; whether it was
proper to apply it, and whether it is the intention
of the gentleman, in the exercise of that right
which he claims to belong to him, to use the lan-
guage contained in the after part of his remarks,
as applicable to any portion of the southern peo-
ple? If issups of that sort are to be raised, they
mny as well be made now as at any time.
Mr. CONKLING. I protest against any por-
tion of this interruption being taken out of my
time.
The SPEAKER. It must come out of the
gentleman's time, except by unanimous consent.
Mr.VALLANDlGHAM. The question raised
is a point of order, and therefore it cannot come
otit of the gentleman's time.
Mr. HINDMAN. It seems to me that a point
of order raised upon the gentleman, and all re-
marks connected therewith, would not come out
of the gentleman's time.
Mr. McKEAN. If it docs not come out of the
gentleman's time, the interruption might consume
the whole day.
Mr. SPINNER. Is not the point of order
settled?
Mr. HINDMAN. The decision of the Chair
was thai such remarks were not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that it
woul4 be the duty of the Chair to arrest any
personal remarks; but the particular language a
speaker uses the Chair never can control.
Mr. HINDMAN. I shall continue to raise the
point of order from time to time, and I hope the
gentleman from New York will bear that determ-
ination in mind.
Mr. GROW. Wo have set here the whole
session, hearing ourselves denounced as traitors
and everything else. Free speech ought to be
tolerated upon this floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I was pro-
ceeding to say when interrupted, that the alleged
grievances I have enumerated are the avowed "oc-
casion of this revolt, and I say now that they are
not reasons, but excuses, sad, pitiful excuses of
designing and desperate men; the subterfuges and
make-shifts of unholy and baffled ambition. The
true explanation lies deeper. The true reason is,
that by the sentiment of an overwhelming major-
ity of the people of the Republic, slaveholdmg,
as a moral proposition, is outlawed and abhorred;
that assent to slavery, as a policy to be fostered,
has forever ceased to be national in this country.
It is charged upon the North, sir—and I am go-
ing to continue to speak with great frankness
upon this subject—it is chargcd upon the North
that at the fireside, on the pavement, in the school
house, slavery is held to be a moral, social, and
political evil. The charge is true, sir; every word
of it. A large majority of the people of the
, North, no mutter of what political party, look
upon slavery as an insatiate master. They do
not see it in its patriarchal aspects; but they see
an iron-heeled, marble-hearted oppressor, de-
manding always three victims—the slave, the
master, and the land. In this regard, the people
of the North agree exactly with the whole Chris-
tian world, the slaveholding States of this blood-
bought, liberty-founded Republic,alone excepted.
Why, sir, the jurisprudence of the world is against
slavery; the literature of the world is against sla-
very; the civilization of the world is against sla-
very. Mr. Webster once said, speaking of an-
other subject:
" The lightning is strong; the tornado is strong; the earth-
quake W strong; but there is something stronger than all of
these: it is the enlightened judgment of mankind."
That, too, is against slavery. A great man
has said, " Let me write the songs of a people,
and 1 care not who makes their laws;" and the
songs, the poetry, and even the fine arts of the
world, are against slavery.
Is any free State to blame for that? No, sir;
it is one of the enactments of that " higher law"
which my gifted friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
spoke of the other day, and which he said was
announced as a fact in legal and political science
as far back as the days of Madison. He might
have gone much further back, certainly as far as
Elizabeth's Attorney General, that gifted jurist
who.atthe age of twenty-seven, was the greatest
common lawyer in the world. Sir Edward Coke
proclaimed, when the name of Coke bore great
stt-.iy m Britain, as it has done since in the world
—1 quote the substance of his language from rec-
ollection—that laws of Parliament conflicting with
the laws of God were to be held utterly for naught.
I am not affirming or denying this doctrine now,
sir; but I do affirm that the love of liberty, the
detestation of oppression, the unquenchable ha-
tred of tyranny, which lies at the foundation of the
anti-slavery sentiment of the North,isalaw which
cannot be suspended by congressional compro-
mises, nor repealed except by that great Legisla-
tor whose enactments quicken and still the pulses,
and grasp and regulate the subtile essences of hu-
man life. 1 repeat, sir, that this anti-slavery sen-
timent lies at the bottom of southern discontent;
not that had it lain dormant, asleep, like " the
passions in infancy's breast,"or found expression
only in words, it would have provoked this angry
quarrel, but it has found a voice in the politics of
the country.
It is charged with having accomplished uncon-
stitutional ends or grasped at unconstitutional
powers. I deny it. It has controlled popular
elections—ay, sir, there's the rub; it has come
like a chilling frost to nip in the bud darling schemes
of personal ambition and far-reaching plots of
sectional aggrandizement. It has changed the
balance nf political power in this country. Its
mission is not to do, but to prevent; and yet, sir,
I do not deny that it ushers in a mighty reform-
ation. It calls a halt in a swift-moving proces-
sion of great events. There shall be no more
Mexican wars now, that slavery or ambition may
travel on the crimson wings of military conquest.
The armies of the Republic shall not now go forth
to change realms to deserts, nor even to sack cities,
or subdue Territories in order to people them with
slaves, and endow them with slave represent-
ation. Ambassadors of the American Republic
at the Courts of Europe will not dare assem-
ble at the tomb of Charlemagne and proclaim the
Ostend manifesto. Henceforth American slavery
shall be no more the favored, pampered child of
American destiny—a thing for Government to
fondle and caress—but an interest having definite
constitutional rights, and having nothing more.
All this, sir, was Ion" ago foreseen by the pierc-
ing eyes of southern politicians, and the very year
predicted in which it should come to pass. In that
same hour in which the horoscope foretold the
political reverses of 1860, a child was born which
has grown to armed rebellion. From that hour
revolution has been premeditated and prepared,
and that, too, by men who, as officers of the Gov-
ernment, had sworn to maintain it; but who have
at last torn off their masks and revealed them-
selves as conspirators against it, and spurned it
in its own Capital, with the very blasphemy of
treason.
Mr. SIMMS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Only upon the condition
that the interruption does not come out of my
time.
Mr. SIMMS. I concur with the gentleman that
we should be very frank in these times, and I
want to ask him a question.
Several Members objected.
Mr. CONKLING. Objection is made, but not
by me; and I am sorry 1 cannot yield to the gen-
tleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, if
a gentleman yields for interruptions, his time can-
not bo extended except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SIMMS. Then I do not press my request.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, with this view
of our predicament, its origin, its history, and
its authors, I saw little, from the outset, that we
could do, except to abide the issue. On the Presi-
dent of the United States and his Cabinet, grave re-
sponsibilities were cast; responsibilities for which
they will be held deeply answerable in more than
one tribunal. By the Constitution, it was theduty
of the President to see that the laws were faithfully
executed; but he complains in his message that, by
the act of 1795, givingeffect to this provision, his
action is merely auxiliary to that of the courts, and
that, inasmuch as m South Carolina the judicial
and ministerial officers had resigned, his power to
enforce the laws was practically paralyzed. That,
sir, would be a proposition worthy of more search-
ing discussion than it has yet received, if it were
not swallowed up in one of far vaster magnitude.
By the Constitution, the President is commander-
in-chief of the Army and Navy, and is charged
with the duty, and vested with the power, of pre-
serving, on the landand on the sea, ournational de-
fenses. For the complete exercise of this power, he
needed no courts to issue process and no marshal
to execute it. Nothing was needed but firmness
and integrity. Either one alone would have been
sufficient; buthe chose to leave the country'' naked
to its enemies." He chose to imperil the lives of
brave men, mewed up, treason-bound, in ungar-
risoned fortresses, and to refuse them succor and
reinforcement. If it be said that the movement
southward of ships or men would have precipi-
tated a bloody outbreak, it is answer enough to
say that the forts should have been garrisoned
before the first mutterings of the storm. It should
have been done early; done gradually; done when
sagacious and patriotic citizens of both sections
advised and implored it.
But, sir, it was not done; and the President of
this mighty Republic stood petrified by fear, or
vacillating between determination and doubt,
while rebels snatched from his nerveless grasp
the ensign of the Republic, and waved before his
eyes the banner of secession and rebellion.
With all this we had nothing to do. Wc were
powerless to control it. The Constitution gave us
no such power; and 1 wish with all myhcartthe
whole people of the country knew as well as we
know, how utterly impotent we were—we, the
Union party of this House—to control and influ-
ence the course the Administration has seen fit to
pursue, or to trammel up the infinite mischief
which has resulted from it.
It was our duty to vote money to carry on the
Government. Besides this duty what had we ?
Nothing, I fear, except our share in the great
issue of the hour, the ultimatum of this contro-
versy—the question whether the people will con-
sent to a disintegration of the Government, or
unite to maintain it. That any State could go out
of the Union at will, 1 did not at all believe. The
history of the convention which framed the Con-
stitution shows that no such right exists. I do
not desire to be drawn into a discussion of it;
this hour rule denies me opportunity; but I want
to remind gentlemen of a fact which I have not
heard mentioned here, and which should not be
entirely forgotten. An attempt was made in the
convention to introduce into the Constitution a
provision giving this very right of secession
which now is claimed. The proposition came from
a distinguished quarter, and was urged by tho
mover to protect men, as he said, from the halter,
who should do precisely what has been going on
in the South for weeks past. The provision was
voted down—voted down by men who thought
that, in launching a great Government upon the
tide of time, they were bringing into existence
something with more longevity than a partner-
ship; with more cohesion than a club of thirteen
members; and more lasting durability than a sew-
ing society of women. It was spurned by states-
men who believed they were making, not a con-
tract to arrange a voluntary affiliation of States,
but a Constitution to solemnize an eternal wed-
lock of the people.
Mr. Speaker, since I have turned aside from my
purpose to speak of the subject, I want to make
another remark or two upon this nondescript, par-
adoxical thing called "the right of secession."
A constitutional right to violate the Constitution.
A peaccable right to put half the country onawar
footing, to arm men, and plant cannon every where,
to sicze the Federal property, expel the Govern-
ment, and fire upon unarmed vessels bearing its
flag. I believe there arc three ways in which the
people of a State can cut themselves loose from
their Federal allegiance. The first is by an amend-
ment of the Constitution, as provided for in the
Constitution itself. The second is, by the consent,
not of the remaining States, but of the people—
to use a phrase of Mr. Madison's—" by the uni-
versal acquiescence of the American people." The
third is, by that rightorpowerwhich,as the gen-
tleman from Ohio well said, inheres in men and
not in States, the option which all men have to
defy their Government, and, if they succeed, to
live, and live perhaps as patriots and heroes; but
if they fail, to die, and die as rebels and as trai-
tors. We have heard a greal deal said about co-
ercing States. I never heard of any one who pro-
posed to do it. States do not commit murder, nor
rob, nor steal, nor take oaths and break them.
Men do such things; and men are punishable, not
States.
