APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
The Union of the States—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
-neither bo a dead letter nor useless, and the future
history of this Government will prove how wisely
and with what sagacity and forethought our fa-
thers acted when they inserted this invaluable
provision in the Constitution,-requiring the whole
people to aid-in suppressing rebellion, and secur-
ing the rights of all-who, either by numbers or
military usurpation, might be overpowered in any
particular State or States.
Mr. Chairman, all governments must,from the
very nature of the case, use force to execute their
executive, legislative, and judicial decrees, if re-
sisted This is a power inseparable from all gov-
ernments. If the city of New York, to-day, by
the unanimous voice of her citizens, were to de-
clare herself a sovereign and independent city, and
set up a government of her own, put the author-
ity of the Federal and State governments at de-
fiance, and collect and appropriate all the revenue
derived from duties on imports, thus cutting off
more than half the entire revenue of the national
Government, does any sane man suppose for a
moment that this Government would tolerate it?
By no means. If it became necessary to subdue
her, the Government would lay the entire city in
rains. Martial law would be declared, a blockade
proclaimed, the property of all rebels confiscated,
and the leading traitors hanged or shot. The eity
ofNew York contains nearly a million inhabitants
—almost, if not quite, four times the number of
whites in South Carolina—and, I believe, more
•wealth than any one southern State, unless it be
Virginia. The people living in the city of New
York have just the same right to declare them-
selves out of the Union that the people of any one
or more of the southern States have—110 more, no
less. And that right is the inherent right of rev-
olution. The Government once involved in war,
in its efforts to enforce the laws and put down re-
bellion, could know no rule but success. A block-
ade, martial law, the confiscation of all property,
real and personal, of the insurgents, the execu-
tion of all the leading rebels, and the removal, by
force, if necessary, of the came that produced the
rebellion.
This is no new doctrine. John Gluincy Adams,
nearly twenty years ago, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, in speaking of the war power, said:
u When your eountiy is uctimlly in war, whether it Ik* a
War of invasion or a war oJ' ni^uneotton, Congress lias
power to cauy on the war, and must carry it on according
to the laws ot war; ami, by the laws of war, an invaded
country has all its law* and municipal institution* swept
by tho board, and martial law takes the place of them.
This power in Congress has, perhaps, never been called
into exercise under the present Constitution of the United
States. But, nvhen the laws of war uro in force, what, I
asl(  is one of those laws? it is this: that when a country
is invaded,and two hostile armies arc setm martial anay,
the commanders of both armies have power to emancipate
ftU tho slaves m the invaded territory."
The Constitution makes the President of the
United States tho commander-in-chief of tho
Army and Navy, and ho is required to sec that
the- laws are faithfully executed. He cannot
evade this just responsibility, if he would, unless
ho is a traitor. There is, then, but one course
left, after ail peaceful remedies fail; and that is,
to use all the power of the Government to crush
rebellion and treason, if we would preserve the
nation from certain and utter ruin.
As to the powers and duties of the Government,
in case of rebellion, I quote, and indorse in full,
the declarations of Henry Clay, made in a letter
to Hon, Dani'-l IJIlnntn and others, of New York,
dated October 3, 18.">0. In speaking of secession,
he said:
"Suppose the standard should bo laised of open iresist-
ance to the Union, the Constitution, and laws : what is to
be done? There can be but one possible answer. The
power, the authority, and the dijrmty of the Goveirnnent
ought to be maintained, and iCM^Unce put down at all haz-
ard. The duty of executing the laws and suppressing in-
sui rections is without limitation or quahlioation ; it is co-
extensive with the jurisdiction of the United States. No
human government can exist without the power of applying
force, and the actual application of it in o.ureme ease-*.
My belief is, that it it should be applied to South Carolina,
in the event of her &c cession, she would be speedily i educed
to obedience; and the Union, instoad of being weakened,
would ucqune additional stic'i^th."
And in a speech delivered in the United States
Senate in 1850, he said:
" Now, Mr. President, 1 stand here in my place, mean-
ing to be unawed by any threats, whether they come from
individuals or ftom States. I should deploie as much as
any man, living or dead, that arms should be raised against
the authority of the Union, either by individuals or by
States. But, after all that has occurred, if any one State,
or a portion ot the people of any one State, choose to place
themselves in military array against the Government of the
Union, I am for trying the strength of the Government. I
am for ascertaining whether we have a Government or not—
practical, efficient, capable of maintaining us authority,
and of upholding the powers and interests which belong to
a government. Nor, sir, am I to be alarmed or dissuaded
from any such course by intimations of the spilling of blood.
If blood is to be spilt, by whose fault isitl Upon the sup-
position, I maintain it will be the fault of those who choose
to raise the standard of disunion, and endeavor to prostrate
this Government; and, sir, wheu that is done, so long as it
pleases God to give me a voice to express my sentiments,
or an arm, weak and enfeebled as it may be by age, that
voice and that arm will be on the side ot my country for the
support of the general authority, and for the ipaintenance
of the powers of this Union."
Again, in reply to some remarks of the Senator
from South Carolina, (Mr. Barnwell,) Mr. Clay
said;
u Mr. President, 1 said nothing with respect to tho char-
acter of Mr. Rhett, (for i might as well name him.) i know
him personally, and have some respect for him; but if he
pionounced the sentiment attributed to him, of raising the
standard ofdnsunion and of lesistanee to the common Gov-
ernment, whatever he has been, if he follows up that decla-
ration by coiresponding overt acts, he U a trutor, and f
hope will meet with the fate of a traitor
Of South Carolina, he said-
" I will tell her, and I will toll the Senator himself, that
there are as brave, as dauntless, as gallant men and as de-
voted patriots, in my opinion, m every other State in the
Union as are to be found in youth Caiohna herself; and,
if in any unjust eau^e South Carolina, or any other State,
should hoist the flag of disunion and rebellion, thousand5*,
tens ot thousands, ol Kentucluans would dock to the stand®
ard of their country to dissipate and repress their rebellion.
These are my sentiments—make the most otthem,"—Ap-
pendix Congressional Globe, First ses&ion Thirty-Fust Con-
gress, p. 1414.
Our first duty, then, it seems to me,Mr. Chair-
man, is to abolish all ports of entry which it may
be inconvenient to occupy; to proclaim a blockade
of all ports in the rebellious States; employ the
Navy in connection with privateers, who shall be
authorized to capture and hold as prizes till ves-
sels with their cargoes leaving any port without
a clearance from an officer duly commissioned by
the authorities of the United States; as also all
vessels which might attempt to enter any of said
ports without paying the duties to an officer of
the General Government. A blockade, such as 1
speak of, would be one of the most effective meth-
ods, without firing a gun, of opening tho eyes of
the thoughtless and reckless men in the South to
the true condition into which they have so madly
precipitated themselves. Their commerce, which
consists almost entirely of exports, would be ut-
terly destroyed, so far as finding* outlets through
the present channels of trade. And they would
be forced to find outlets, for they must export to
live; and they would be compelled to ship their
cotton, rice, tobacco, &c., by way of New York,
Philadelphia,and Baltimore, but principally by
way of [Baltimore, which latter city would reap a
harvest and enjoy a trade and prosperity which
she has never known—furnishing, as she would
be compelled to do, shipping and exchange for
three fourths of the immense commerce that would
thus be forced through her gates, but which now
finds outlets through other channels.
This will be a matter at which it will be well
enough for business men to look in the cities
named, especially in Baltimore, if the national
Government unfortunately should be driven to the
necessity of adopting the course I have indicated
—a course which I trust and pray may never be
necessary—but which, when necessary, I shall
insist on being adopted.
Mr. Chairman, tho President of the United
States, in his late annual message, charges upon
the northern people—and this charge is made the
ground of complaint by Representatives from
States now threatening rebellion—that the free
States of the Union are faithless to their constitu-
tional obligations; that they obstruct and resist
the execution of constitutional laws enacted by
Congress, in which the southern S'tates are deeply
interested. Thisunfoundedand slanderouscharge
of the President has done much to inflame the
public mind in the South; and I meet it right here,
and most positively and unqualifiedly deny it.
Sir, there is not, there never has been, and I do
not believe there ever will be, a constitutional
obligation imposed upon the citizens of the fiee
States that they will not faithfully and honorably
discharge. True, here and there the laws of the
national as well as the State governments have
becnviolated; but these are exceptions to the rule.
The laws of Congress and the decisions of tho
Supreme Court, you, Mr. Chairman, know, are
uniformly obeyed by the citizens of the entire
North, and obeyed, too, even though they may,
in accordance with their highest convictions of
justice, regard some of them as infamous, as they
undoubtedly do. Still the people of the northern
States have submitted to them and prefer still to
yield obedience to them until the people, in their
majesty, shall demand, in a peaceful and consti-
tutional manner, their modification or repeal; and
also the reversal, in a like peaceful and constitu-
tional manner, of such decisions of the Supreme
Court as they believe to be not only in violation
of the plainest provisions of the Constitution, but
also inhuman, barbarous, and unjust. All this
the citizens of the free States have done and will
continue to do, rather than resort to revolution
and bloodshed, and the overthrow and destruction
of this Government and Union, freighted as it is
with the hopes of millions, and endeared to every
patriot by the memories of the past and the hopes
of tho future. The northern States ever have
and will continue to abide by the obligations of
the national Constitution, whatever the South
may do. The citizens of the free States have
been taught to regard the Constitution as the
sheet-anchor of their liberties, and they will not
abandon it, much less trample upon its just
requirements.
But the "personal liberty bills," as they'are
called, which some of the free States have felt
themselves called on to pass to prevent kidnap-
ping, arc seized upon and used by the "crisis"
manufacturers to inflame the southern mind
against the North. Why has this matter never
been thoughtof before, and brought to ournotice?
Some of these laws have been on the statute-books
of the free States for over twenty years, and no
complaint has been made until now.
Mr. Chairman, I can hardly find language
with which properly to characterize this miserable
pretext. It is one of the most flimsy shams ever
resorted to by any set of men to hide their real
designs. Why, sir, it is so contemptible thateven
South Carolina secessionists are too honorable to
use it. In their convention her leading men do not
attempt to justify their treason on such grounds,
or because of the election of Mr. Lincoln, or the
non-cxecution of the fugitive slave act. Indeed,
on the seventh and eighth days of the sitting of the
secession convention, in the course of the debate
on the causes that induced South Carolina to take
her present position, Mr. Packer said—
1,4 It is no bpabmodic effbit that has come suddenly upon
u«, but it has been gradually culminating for a long scnes
ot years."
Mr. Inglis said:
"Mo^tofus have had this subject under consideration
lor the Ia=-t tvvnty jear?!."
Mr. Keitt said:
a I have been engaged in this movement ever since I
entered political life."
Mr. Rhett said:
It is nothing pioduced by Mi. Lincoln's election, orthc
non-cxeeufion ot tho fugitive vlavo law. It is a matter
which has been gatheimg head for thirty years."
And before this, in their discussions, Messrs.
Rhett, Spratt, and others, declared their opinion
that the fugitive lenv is unconstitutional. Judge
Withers, m an able speech, said it was unconsti-
tutional.
Mr. Keitt said:
I have creat doubt"-- myselfaboutthe fugitive Mav law.
The Constitution wa* at tirs t aronipact between the Slates;
secondiv, a treaty between sections. It was something
moie than a compact between the States. I believe, theic-
l'oiCj that this law ought to have been left to the execution
ot tiie various States."
But, Mr. Chairman, what are the personal
liberty bills," which some of the free States have
passed? They are simply laws to prevent the
kidnapping of their own citizens. They are just
such laws, m substance, as may be found on«the
statute-books of most of the southern States, to
prevent the kidnapping of their free and slave
people. I have looked over these acts of the free
States on this subject, and find that they were
not, as many suppose, passed expressly to ob-
struct the execution of any law of Congress.
Many of these laws were passed to conform to
