1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
It was asked here the other day whether laws
were to be enforced if the people of a dozen States
resisted them. Ah, Mr. Speaker, that is the old
puzzle which has been presented to all Govern-
ments. That is the old problem which has been
solved by every Government that ever existed
long enough to demonstrate the power of self-per-
petuation. If one man commits murder in the
State of Virginia, there is no difficulty in indicting
and executing him. But if ten thousand men par-
ticipate in that murder, all are indictable, and all
are guilty; but they are not all punishable practi-
cally, because the wheels of justice would roll
axle-deep in blood, and so would stop for very
clogging. The principle, however, remains the
same.
In this connection there is one remark I want
to make about war—war, whether it be waged in
resistance of laws or for any other purpose. In
this material age, war is a very humdrum thing.
The battles known to the crusaders, and sung by
the Troubadours, have all been fought. War is
no longer a question of personal valor or indi-
vidual prowess; but a mere question of money—a
question who can throw the most projectiles, who
can indulge in the most iron and lead. It is no
longer regulated by the laws of honor and chiv-
alry, but entirely by the laws of trade.
But, sir, had I that bad heart, that malevolence,
which is supposed to exist among the northern
people toward their brothers in the South—and
which God knows I do not feel, nor do those I
represent—did I desire to see secession drowned in
itsownblood,orwitherandfamish, I wouldcrown
every discontented State with instantaneous inde-
pendence. There would be no more rendition of
fugitives then; there would be no General Gov-
ernment to quell slave insurrections then; there
would be no more Monroe doctrine then; no more
national views that European nationalities shall
never interfere upon this continent; but hostility
to slavery, death rather than expansion, would
become a leading policy of all nations, whether
transatlantic or adjacent. A slaveholding con-
federacy would cast out its shoe at its peril over
one foot of land beyond its present limits capable
of yielding any product that man can eat or any
fabric that man can wear. I say beyond its pres-
ent limits. I will come nearer home, and say,
that whoever shall attempt to hold even the mouth
of the Mississippi, or to control it even so far as
to assume to dispense the right of free navigation,
may have reason to exclaim—
•' To be thus Is nothing, but to be safely thus.'1
The cotton statistics of the world are full of
instructive meaning to those who base their calcu-
lations on the supposition that American slave-
raised cotton is to be perpetually king. The
figures point to a time when this restless monarch,
goaded to new usurpations by the " weird sis-
ters' " avarice, ambition, and secession, may have
reason to groan in the soliloquy of a guilty king:
<c CJpon my h<%ad they placod a fruitless crown,
And put a barien scepter in my gripe,
Thence to be wrenched with an uniineitf hand,
No son of mine succeeding."
But, Mr. Speaker, in consequence of interrup-
tions, and of the crowd of topics which press upon
me, I have wandered far from the line I intended
to pursue.
I desire to inquire what can be done, what we
ought to do, with the various propositions im-
mediately before us? Believing, as I do, that a
more unjustifiable revolt—and 1 must be permit-
ted to add, one more perfidious, so far as regards
the relationships of men—was never led against
an established Government, one difficulty has
been, all along, to see ho w any branch of the Gov-
ernment could, with safety or propriety, enter
upon negotiations at all. To agree under a threat
to what is right and just, is a very humiliating
and unmanly thing, ever, in an individual. But
for a great Government to do it—a Government
that acknowledges no supeuor among the Powers
of the earth—what shall be said of that? In such
a ease it must be justified, if justified atall, either
by a necessity entirely desperate or a magnanim-
ity entirely sublime.
Can there be a doubt that to change laws at the
% iolent behest of those who are engaged m resist-
mi- them would demoralize and jeopard any Gov-
ernment? Can there be a doubt that for civil
authorities to propose ternio of arrangement to
insurgents standing with arms in their hands
would bo not only to confess impotency, but to
offer bounty for popular clamor and insubordina-
tion? I have heard such concessions called tubs
thrown to the whale; I call them planks thrown to
the mob, and I never heard of a mob less deserv-
ing to be dallied with, according to my apprehen-
sion, than that which has seized the possessions
of the Government, snatched its property and its
money, and fired upon its flag. I have no desire
to wound the feelings of any man; but I must be
permitted to say, that if speaking with bated breath
of such despicable marauders is any part of any-
body's compromise,I want,forone, to be counted
out, all the way out to the last act in the drama.
No, sir, confining my view to the State execu-
tives who have become actors in treason, and to
the people, be they many or few, who have raised
the standard of rebellion, I care not in what State,
I have no compromise to offer, no terms to talk
about; none, until they return to their allegiance,
haul down their palmettos and pelicans, doff their
cockades, and wear, as we wear, tfct the livery of
treason, but the garb of citizenship and submis-
sion to the laws.
But, sir, fortunately there are true and loyal
men in all the States; and, unfortunately, public
tranquillity in none of the States of the Confed-
eracy. Distraction and excitement reign in States
whose executives and a majority of whose peo-
ple are loyal to the Union and the Constitution.
These are the more northerly slaveholding States.
They are represented here, in part at least, by
men whose patriotism and character entitle them
and their opinions to the highest consideration.
The people of these States have obvious and pow-
erful incentives to launch upon the tide of seces-
sion. They have the closest affinities, political,
social, geogiaphical,and commercial, with regions
and communities in which irreverence for the Con-
stitution and hostility to the Union has gone so
far, that fealty to the General Government has
been made punishable with death . In all of these
States two parties exist: one in favor of dis-
union, the other persistently opposed to it. Was
this otherwise, were the people of these States
indiscriminately affected, indiscriminately only
hesitating, halting between two conclusions, not
ready to declare themselves out of the Confeder-
acy, but waiting to be induced to stay in; was
there an average public sentiment demanding to
be addressed and persuaded not to disown the
Government, the case would be widely different.
If the people of any State were thus up to be
raffled for, by the Government on one side and
traitors on the other, I would decline the compe-
tition. I would not see the Government a bid-
der at an auction where allegiance and patriotism
were to be sold. I would lather commend to a
sister, thus waiting to be coaxed into wedlock,
the assurance which the poet says an old warrior
gave his daughter:
" A hero slinll thy bridegroom be,
Sineo maids nre best in battle wooed
And won with shouts of victory."
But, sir, no such degeneracy exists in Dela-
ware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Missouri, and I hope not
in other States. In all these States at least, public
virtue still lives, robust and unawed. This debate
will preserve bright and enduring traccs of the patri-
otism, thegenius, and the loyalty oftheir sons. To
these brave men, struggling to maintain their own
foothold in the storm, and laboring to inspire
others with their own spirit, I will give all the
help I can to enable them to stem_ the current of
revolution, and roll back the tide of sectional mad-
ness and egotism. [Applause in the galleries.]
Not that I believe it will aveit the issue of dis-
union; but still 1 will make concessions. Conces-
sions which will show that we do not, as the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Gaunett] said the
other day, stand " idle spectators while the ship
drifts upon the rocks," unconcerned observers of
the appioaeh of the harpies of the shore to pluck
the eagle of the sea. Concessions which, if sus-
tained on this side of the House, will show the
magnanimous pc:o|iU<<f the North that their Rep-
resentatives struck hands with Union men of all
sections and all parties, and went in kindness
and conciliation to the very verge of debatable
propositions; concessions which will show that
we abandoned the effort to avert disunion and civil
war, only when wo had exhausted the last argu-
ment, held out the last offer, and resorted to the
last expedient \vc were warranted in employing.
Mr. Speaker, I see I must be very brief, which I
regret, because my design was to discuss the differ-*
ent propositions before us with some particular-
ity. I will say hastily what, for one, I propose
to do with regard to them. Gentlemen complain
that their constituents feel aggrieved with regard
to our territorial policy; ana I will begin with
that.
The line of 36° 30 long ago became a conse-
crated line upon the political chart of our country.
It was ruthlessly blotted out; but it is the better
remembered for the stupendous crime and folly
which erased it. Though not an isothermal line,
gentlemen all virtually start with the idea that
north of it slavery cannot subsist. On the south
of it, a distinguished Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] has proposed to license and protect
slavery by an amendment of the Constitution—■
an amendment which shall embrace not only pres-
ent possessions, butextend to future acquisitions.
The same proposition is here, as an amendment
to the pending report offered by the distinguished
gentleman from the Wheeling district of Virginia,
[Mr. Clemens.] No matter in what guise, or
from what quarter it comes, for one, [ cannot vote
for it; and for a number of reasons, two of which
I will state. In the first place, I will not vote to
establish slavery anywhere. The eighth section
of the act admitting Missouri, commonly called
the Missouri compromise, did not establish, or
even recognize, slavery at all. It merely fixed a
certain bound, and dedicated to perpetual free-
dom all territory north of it, saying nothing about
territory on the south. In that respect, there is a
world-wide difference between the old proposition
and the new.
But, sir, passing over this objection, as applied
to territory now held, who shall count the conse-
quences or compute the folly and disaster of guar-
antying to slavery all possessions hereafter to be
acquired? What calamity might not spring from
making to slavery this golden promise of a shad-
owy and eternal by-and-by ? Why, sir, it would
amount to a perpetual covenant of war against
every people, tribe, und State owning a foot of land
between here and Terra del Fuego. It would
make the Government the armed missionary of
slavery. Eternal quarrels would be picked across
the frontier lines, the Government must protect its
citizens and demand indemnity for hostilities;
and thus, for purposes of limd-stealing and slave-
planting, we should be launched upon a shoreless
and starless sea of war and filibustering. I de-
sired to make some further suggestions about this
proposition; but I pass it by.
Of territory already acquired, there is none
below 36° 30', aside from that devoted to Indian
tribes, save New Mexico and Arizona. Unfit as
these Territories must be conceded to be—I beg
pardon of my friend the Delegate, [Mr. Otf-roJ
—to enter this Union as a State, no matter what
constitution they bring, I will vote for the enabling
act brought in by the distinguished gentleman at
the head of the committee of thirty-three. But,
sir, in supporting this bill I will practicc no de-
ception, even by silence. No suggestio falsi, or
even suppvessio veri, shall lurk about my vote. I
will not hold out the idea to the South that New
Mexico will come in as a slave State, for I do not
believe it. I believe that if she does not come
free from the start, she will never be in any prac-
tical sense a slaveholding State. There are twelve
slaves there now, as I understand it, and situa-
tion, soil, climate, and surroundings, will baffle
slavery, now or hereafter. This is my belief; and
I will vote to carry out the compromises of 1850,
declaring, as they do, that New Mexico may
come in with or without slavery, as her constitu-
tion shall provide.
I will vote for all the resolutions appended to
the report of the chairman, declaratory of the
duty of everybody to observe constitutional obli-
gations. I would gladly vary the language of two
of these resolutions, but only to express more un-
mistakably, if possible, the meaning they are, no
doubt, intended to convey.
I will vote for the bill amendatory of the fugitive
slave law of 1850, provided it can.be amended in
two particulars. In the first place, I would strike
out the provision for a retrial,upon the mere ipse
dixit of a judge, of the freedom of the alleged fu-
gitive, after it has been once found by a jury. If
