652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
twelve men, selected by lot from a slaveholding
population in the vicinage where the claimant
lives, pronounce a negro free, I would not, simply
because the judge is not satisfied with the verdict,
remand him to be put in peril a second time, the
jury to be met at the threshold by a certificate
that the conclusion arrived at by the preceding
jury was not satisfactory to the court. If the pro-
vision is intended for the benefit of the alleged
fugitive, and to give him a second trial in case the
first results adversely to him, say so in the bill,
and let the provision follow the reasonable doubt,
infavorem vitm; or, if this is too much to ask, then
give both claimant and defendant the same rights
of exception and review allowed in criminal cases.
Secondly, I would provide redress for those
who, after being arrested and transported for
trial, are found not to be fugitives at all, nor to
owe service to any one. I would not invade es-
tablished maxims so far as to subject men to ma-
licious or mistaken arrests, and leave any doubt
about their remedy. The remedy, in this case,
it seems to me, is a right of action in the State
where the arrest is made. It should be so guarded
that, in cass of a false arrest by mistake, and not
from malice, the bona fides of those making it
should avail them in mitigation of damages, so as
to confine the verdict to strict compensation and
prevent a recovery of smart money. With these
changes made, the statute will not be very taste-
ful to gentlemen on this side of the House; but I
will vote for it, and find my justification in the
anxious, earnest wish I feel, in common with the
people I represent, to do everything which can
be fairly asked to preserve the Union and har-
mony of the States.
An act is reported, transferring from the Gov-
ernors of States to Federal judges the duty of
surrendering, upon requisition, persons charged
with crime. It seems to me an importance has
been given to this subject, by gentlemen here,
which it does not deserve. A good deal of law
respecting it has been put forth 011 both sides of
the House, from which I respectfully dissent, and
it appears to me a great strain to drug the matter
into the vortex of sectional strife and slave agi-
tation.
The courts and Executives must be able to
settle the practice for the rendition of criminals
upon a basis as little obnoxious to one portion of
the country as another, and avoiding some, at
least, of the practical objections applicable to this
bill.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, I have referred to every
proposition proceeding from the committee of
thirty-three save one; that one is to submit to the
Legislatures of the States a constitutional amend-
ment—an amendment placing it forever outof the
power ofany numborofStates less than the whole
number to amend the Constitution respecting
slavery in the slaveholding States.
I regret, sir, that such a proposition ishere. I
regret that it was deemed necessary, especially
after the resolution on the same point—(lie third
of the series, I think. For the resolution, I pre-
sume every gentleman on this side of the House
will cordially vote; the proposal to amend the ;
Constitution presents very different considera-1
tions. I have been unable to discover any ade-
quate motive for it, or any object to be gained.
Gentlemen of the South have heretofore repelled
the insinuation that the Constitution was not sat-
isfactory to them precisely as it is. The com-
plaint has been, not that constitutional guaran-
tees were insufficient; but that the people of the
North did not or would not observe tliem. This
is the sole complaint about the Constitution at
present, as 1 understand it. If, then, we do not ob-
serve it now, what hope is there that we shall ob-
serve it after it has been altered r I say,none; 110
hope that any one will revere it as much then
as they do now, while it remains as our fathers
made it.
It is said, however, that the object of this amend-
ment is so to rivet the fastenings as to provide
against our bad faith. Passing over the msult of
this proposition, the argument is bad; bad, be-!
cause amendments as dangerous to the South as
that thus sought to be guarded against, will still re-
main aecessible,to the Punic faith of the free States !
when they shall multiply to the needed number 1
those forty-live free States, conceived, in the prat-
tle of to-day, to be brought forth of the throes of I
centuries themselves uuboru. But, sir, 1 cannot 1
reconcile myself to the idea of disturbing the Con-
stitution in the least of its particulars. It maybe
a superstitious feeling, but I fear you will unset-
tle the nation's faith on the day when you admit
that a time has arrived when the Constitution is
no longer equal to the emergency. It came as it
is now from the heroic age of the Republic; its
origin andits antiquity enhance its sacredness and
supremacy. Men do not think of it as a machine
to be regulated; but they trust to it as a benefi-
cent overruling provision, having a providence in
it to order all things well.
Let us keep the Constitution as it is and obey
it as it is, even to the uttermost. If degenerate
Americans shall hawk at and tearit, freedom will
provide a Gibbon, or better yet, a Dante, to im-
mortalize the crime—some limner, with infernal
pencil, to group the assassins in a picture horrid
with resemblance, and hang it up to sicken and
affright the gaze of those who shall hereafter tread
the corridors of time.
Now, sir, before the hammer falls, one word
of conclusion.* The people 1 represent are a gen-
erous, brave, and peace-loving people. They
cling to the institutions of their country with an
earnest and almost idolatrous attachment. So does
the great State of New York, with her four mil-
lion people. So her Legislature has testified with
impressive unanimity. While Commonwealths
of the South arc embracing the pillars of the Re-
public, determined to destroy it, New York offers
men and money to assert the supremacy of the
Government, and defend it against all comers.
The people of the State of New York believe
in this Governmentas their fathers made it. They
believe in it not as a mere commercial league,
whose material advantages they can calculate, and
whose value they can weigh in golden scales. To
them it is something more. They cherish it for
its memories of martyrs, of heroes, and of states-
men; they cherish it for its wisdom, grand with
the revelations and pregnant with the experience
of buried centuries and epochs; they cherish it
for the shelter it affords against the tempest,
which, withoutit, would burst upon this continent
in an hour; above all, they cherish it for its prom-
ises unredeemed,its mission uncompleted, its des-
tiny unfulfilled. In the world-trod streets of our
great metropolis sixty four languages and dialects
are spoken. In this chaos of voices are breathed
the prayers and muttered the curses of the exile,
the refugee, the emancipated of all Governments
and all climes. Of this motley group of tongues
there is not one—no, not one—without an anath-
ema to blast the man who would overthrow free
institutions in this continent of ours. Among the
vocabularies of them all, in which shall be found
the word whereby to call so infinite a crime ? It is
a deed without a known name.
Mr. STEVENSON obtained the floor.
NEW MEMBER SWOBS IN.
Mr. GROW. The member from the State of
Kansas is present, and ready to be sworn in.
Martin F. Conway, Representative from the
State of Kansas, then appeared and took the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
STATE OP THE UNION AGAIN.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before the gentle-
man from Kentucky proceeds with his remarks,
[ would be glad to know what is the pending
question. In what order do the various propo-
sitions stand?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the report of the select committee of
thirty-three. Two amendments to that report are
pending—one moved by the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Bcrch,] and one by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia is what is known
as the Crittenden resolutions, and is the one imme-
diately pending before the House?/
The SPEAKER. It is. /
Mr. STEVENSON then addressed the House
for an hour. [His speech wilybe published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, we
have arrived at a period in the history of our
country which was never even dreamed of by I
the gallant and fai-seeing men who signed the |
Declaration of Independence, and the statesmen
who framed the national Constitution. They |
never conceived the idea that, in the short space
of eighty-four years, our population would have
increased from three to thirty million; that our
territory would have occupied a geographical
area of three million three hundred thousand
square miles; and that the taxable property of our
prosperous and industrious people would have
increased to the enormous sum of §40,000,000,000;
that our foreign trade would have advanced from
§8,000,000 to $800,000,000 annually; that the
States of the Union would have numbered thirty-
three; and that all civilized nations would have
bowed in humble reverence before the supremacy
of our power. Such, at this day, is the position
that the North American Republic occupies in the
great family of nations.
Butcould they again have lifted the vail of that
mystcriousfuture, and have seen that, in 1860and
1861, in the very midst of such unparalleled pros-
perity, we should have been falling to pieces, and
crushed out of existence by the weight of our own
power, they would have shrunk from the im-
portance and responsibility of their work, and loft
us to struggle on in our oppression to a foreign
yoke; and their pens would have fallen powerless
and paralyzed from their hands, could they have
imagined for a moment that, at this day, sur-
rounded by such exalted ad vantages, commanding
such profound respect, we should, for such light
and trifling causes, and by our own overt acts, have
placed ourselves upon the very verge of destruc-
tion and dissolution; could they have thought that,
at so early a period of our country's history, we
should have brought upon ourselves the contempt
of other nations, andthatthey would be laughing
at our calamities, and mocking when our fear
coraeth, and that they would be smiling the de-
moniac smile of delight because our destruction
is coming upon us like a whirlwind. Even with
all the defects that pan be traced out by the most
fervid imagination, do we not owe all that we are,
that we have been, or that we will be in all future
time, to the Union, as we have received it from
our noble ancestry? We, sir, are responsible for
its safe transmission to our immediate successors;
and they again to theirs, until it. reaches, by lin-
eal and collateral descents, the most distant futu-
rity. We have in it no other title than a life-es-
tate, and have no right to lay upon it violent
hands, and break the chain that is to carry it to
our children and our children's children, to the
remotest period of time.
Mr. Speaker, the day has gone by when we
may manufacture political capital from passing
events; for the time has fairly arrived when all true
patriots must throw aside alt political distinction
and difference, and meet together upon a common
platform, and exert our whole energies to the ut-
most tension to save our sinking country from
utter ruin and desolation. He who now r.efuses
to do so is recreant in his duty to his country, to
his God, and .to all posterity; for the mysterious
Mover of nature, the universal Lord of being,
that God that in the immensity of his works di-
rects the movements of all nations, will hold this
people responsible for the preservation of our na-
tional privileges. We pray God that in this case,
as in all others, He may make the wrath of man
to praise Him, and that the remainder of wrath
He may restrain; and that future generations
• may be spared the pain of serious contemplation
over the ruined splendor of our achievements and
the memory of our fallen greatness. We know
that all human power cannot prevent the dictates
of destiny, which is the voice of Divinity. Sir,
every lover of his country should humble himself
in sackcloth and ashes, that our doom, which
seemingly is sealed, may be averted, as was an-
cient Nineveh, even after the prophet of God, by
his express commands, had proclaimed her im-
mediate and terrible destruction.
If we allow this nation to be destroyed, when
we have the power within our own hands to per-
petuate it, history will hold us responsible; and
110 argument that we can now place upon record
will be sufficient to hush to silcnce the voice and
judgment of an outraged and defrauded posterity.
And though, under the heat and excitement of the
hour, we may think the cause sufficient to justify
the effect, yet, in the estimation of a cool and col-
lected posterity, the cause will be considered but
as the dust of the balance: and they will justly
consign to perpetual infamy the memory, not only
of those who did the act, but of all those who did
