APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
36TH 6ON©....2D SESS.
The Union of the Slates—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
ifornia and New Mexico shall reproach us tor doing what
we reproach Great Britain for doing for us."
Need any of the men of to-day, in this House,
hesitate or fear to stand as firmly in opposition
to the extension of slavery as the great Kentucky
statesman stood only ten years ago?
. To the same effect spoke the distinguished Sen-
ator from the stave State of Delaware, the late
John M. Clayton. In a speech in -the Senate of
the United States, August 3, 1848, he said:
<?*Does any man expect that, from this time forth to the
ead of the Republic, the North will ever again consent to
p^tend slavery, by act of Congress, into any free territoiy,
and thus increase that alleged inequality of representation
in th3 'other House, arising out of the enumeration of three
"fifths of slaves-in the apportionment of its members, which
- has ever been the foundation of their most bitter complaints ?
Try that question when you may in that House, an over-
whelming "majority will ever appear against such an exten-
sion. 1 have never voted for such an act of Congress, be-
cause, in my deliberate opinion, it would be wrong, and
jiever could be justified, except as a measure to be re&orted
to in an extreme case, involving the very existence ot the
Union.
" I am no advocate of slavery, or of its extension. Like
ray friend from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] I hold no slaves;
arid I fully concur in the opinion which he expressed a yeai
ago,1 that slavery is a moral, social, and political evil—to
be removed, however, only by those who are immediately
interested in it.' These are the deliberate opinions of thou-
sands and tens of thousands in Maryland, Virginia, Del-
aware, and Kentucky, all slavehokling States." * *
* *   Opinions go far beyond ours in the non-slave-
hokling States. They view slavery as an eradicable curse,
and will never consent, in any event, to its extension, un-
less where the Constitution carries it.
" Sir, it is time the South understood her tiue position.
She can no longer control this questionv lie who supposes
that a threat of disunion will alarm the potent men of the
North labors under a great mistake. To them disunion has
no terrors."
Mr. Chairman, every concession made by the
majority of any people m any Government to the
minority,underrnenancesanu threats, butembold-
ens and makes that minority more, exacting and
imperious in their demands. All past compro-
mises, as they were called—concessions, as they
■were in fact—to the slave interest, prove the truth
of this declaration. So domineering has this slave
interest become, because of these concessions, that
they now threaten the utter destruction of the
Government, unless every demand they make is
immediately complied with. Indeed, it has been
seriously intimated, that the man selected by the
people as their Chief Magistrate fur the ensuing
four years from the 4th of March, will never be
inaugurated in this Capital; that the city ofWash-
ington will be in the hands of the traitors before
that time, and the seat of Government of the pro-
posed Democratic slave empire. In answer to
this, sir, I have just this to say: that in any event
—yes, sir, in any event—Mr. Lincoln will be in-
augurated President of the United States in this
city, and that this capital, with all its magnifi-
cent structures and its venerable traditions, will
remain the seat of Government of this Republic;
I mean, sir, that it will remain the seat of Gov-
ernment of those loyal States who, come what
may, with patriotic fidelity will remain true to the
old Constitution, and faithfully adhere to the prin-
ciples upon which the Government was founded.
The eighteen million freemen in the North will
never allow it to be otherwise. Should the con-
spirators, however, eversucceed—which is hardly
within the range of human probability—in estab-
lishing their proposed slave empire, Washington
city will never be its capital. So long, sir, as this
shall remain a Capitol at all, the banner of liberty,
with its stars and stripes, shall float from its
dome, or none; the black banner of slavery and
disunion, never!
Mr. Chairman, our duty, as the Representatives
of the people, is to meet like men this oft-recur-
ring and exciting question which is a°-ain pre-
sented for our consideration. Not selfishly, as
maintaining consistency; not hastily, through fear;
not in anger, or red-hot wrath; but calmly, firmly,
courteously, in view of the great responsibility
resting upon each member, and the momentous
consequences that may follow the casting of a
single vote.
Sir, I would not knowingly or willingly do or
say one word that would have a tendency to light
up the torch of civil and servile war, for I feel
that the two will be inseparable—that the one can-
not come without the other; and I pray Heaven
that such a calamity may not only be spared my
own kindred, but the people of every southern
State. I am for peace; the great body of the cit-
izens with whom it is my pride and pleasure to
act, are for peace; they are men of peace. And
no language that I can command will more forci-
bly express the sentiments of the entire constit-
uency whom I have the honor to represent than
the following lines from our own Q,uaker poet,
John G. Whittier. They were written a short
time after the John Brown raid at Harper's Ferry.
His execution was the occasion which called them
forth. I indorse every line and every thought,
and apply them to-day—as he then applied them to
Virginia—to all the southern States,, so far as in-
terfering in any unlawful manner with their local
affairs:
" Perish with him the folly
That seeks, through evil, good.
Long; live the generous purpose
Unstained with human blood!
Not the laid of midnight terror,
But the thought which under lies t
Not the outlaw's pride of daring
But the Christian's sacrifice.
" Oh ! never may yon blue-ridged hills
The northern rifle hear,
Nor see the light of blazing homes
Flash on the negio's spear.
But let the free-winged angel, Truth,
Their guarded passes scale.
To teach that right is more than might,
And justice more than mail I
11 So vainly shall Viicinia set
Her battle in airay;
Jn vain her tiamphng squadrons knead
Tiie winter mow with clay.
She may strike the pouncing eagle,
But sUe dare not harm the dove ;
And every gate she bars to Hate,
Shall open wide to Love! 
Mr. Chairman, we should have had peace if we
had had arr Executive with firmness and courage;
one who at a proper time would have driven trai-
tors from his Cabinet, and called to his councils
Union-loving and patriotic men, instead of enter-
ing into secret negotiations with the conspirators.
Sir, one of the most melancholy spectacles this
generation has been called to witness, and, I may
add, one of the most melancholy 1 hope they
may ever live to witness, has been the utter fail-
ure of James Buchanan to administer this Gov-
ernment. Called to the Chief Magistiacy by the
voice of a generous and confiding people, he found
the nation in a state of prosperity which it had
never known, with an overflowing Treasury, and
a large majority of his political friends in both
Houses of Congress. He is now to retire from
the position to which, in an evil hour, he was un-
fortunately elevated, utterly disgraced. His party
defeated, the Treasury bankrupt, the business of
the country prostrate, and the whole nation con-
vulsed by the action of a band of conspirators,
who, if not with his complicity, with the com-
plicity at least of a majority of his late Cabinet,
were attempting, and to-day arc determined, if
possible, to destroy the Government which he
and they had alike sworn to maintain and de-
fend.
He has failed, as no President has ever failed
before him; and failed only because destitute of
that firmness and moral integrity necessary, when
surrounded, as he has been, by the most unscru-
pulous, to discharge the plain and unmistakable
duties imposed upon him by the Constitution.
His vacillation and want of courage have driven
the country from a state of unexampled prosperity
and peace to the very brink of ruin and civil war;
and we are to-day in a condition that no other
nation with such an Executive head could be in
for a single hour without revolution. Our only
hope is in the loyalty and patriotism of the peo-
ple. This, 1 trust, will enable us to withstand
the storm until the 4th of March, when the Gov-
ernment will, I am sure, pass into other and better
hands.
With the retirement of Mr. Buchanan, we have
also the destruction of the political organization
of which, for so many years, he has been a leader.
This party, claiming to be "Democratic, has been
one or the most wonderful organizations known
in the history of this or any other country having
a popular form of government. Professing the
broadest liberalism, the greatest veneration for
constitutional liberty, and assuming to recognize
to the fullest extent the binding obligations of
all compacts and eumpiormscs, as well asa most
sacred regard for the rights of all men, its leaders
have not scrupled to apologize for the vilest des-
potism, nor hesitated to trample upon the Con-
stitution as upon all compacts and compromises,
and every right of human nature. They have not
hesitated, until the break-up at Charleston and
Baltimore, at supporting any and every demand,
however monstrous, when made by the slave in-
terest. In past years, the resources of this won-
derful party seemed inexhaustible, and its power
invincible. No matter what its leader said or did,
the party was successful. It defied, and in turn
prostrated, all parties which contested its claims
for power; and in its triumphant march, all op-
position and combinations fell before it as by
the hand of magic, so blinded were the people
by its fair promises and captivating name. But
to-day—thanks to a free press and free speech—
all this is changed, and its prestige is gone; its
glory has departed; its hold upon the heart of the
people is broken; and the scepter of power is
about to pass from its hands into those of a young
and generous party, representing the republican
principles of Jefferson.
Mr. Chairman, there are thirty million people
in this country. Of this number, twenty-five mil-
lion, at least, are opposed to the extension of sla-
very into any national Territory, and would never
vote at the ballot-box to sanction such a proposi-
tion, much less agree to give it additional guaran-
tees, and make it perpetual by an amendment to
the Constitution. This immense moral power,
with all the civilized and Christian world to sym-
pathize with it, wielded peacefully and constitu-
tionally, as I trust it ever will be against slavery,
cannot fail, eventually, to put it in the course of
ultimate extinction; and ere long the citizens of
the slave States, in their own way, will putaway
this evil and wiong from among them. This is
the faith and hope of the Republican party, and,
as I have said before, I wili keep this faith, or
none.
If, however, civil war is forced upon the nation
for the purpose of extending and making slavery
perpetual, he must indeed be blind who does not
see that the system will go out in blood. Twenty-
live milhon people, who not only have no interest
in slavery, but whose pecuniary interests are
against it, as well as their political and religious
views, will never submit to the dictation of a
privileged class, numbering less than half a mil-
lion. May God, in His mercy, avert the catas-
trophe of civil and servile war. But if it must
come, I pray that the doom of slavery, which will
be inevitable, may not also prove the doom of the
slave masters; that we may not see reenacted, in
any part of our country, the bloody horrors of*
St. Domingo; for, as Jefferson said, "the Al-
mighty has no attributes that can take sides with
the slave masters in such a contest."
Mr. Chairman, if it were possible for the peo-
ple of the United States to permit the Union to
be dissolved, and allow a southern confederacy
to be formed, it would be a confederated despot-
ism more intolerant than any Government of the
nineteenth century. Those who have heretofore
been the boasted champions of what they have been
pleased to call Democracy, do not hesitate now to
declare, in case of the establishment of a southern
confederacy, that every tiling like Democracy is
to be ignored. Popular government is a failure I
exclaim the leaders of this southern revolution,
who, until now, have been loudest in declaiming
for the sovereignty of the people. Popular gov-
ernment is a failure ! respond the united disunion
Democracy. Popular government is a failure! is
echoed back by many of the so-called conserva-
tives, who, a few months ago, were clamorous for
" the preservation of the Union and the enforce-
ment of the laws." Popular government is a fail-
ure ! say the slave masters, who are attempting to
establish a slave empire, and insist that a govern-
ment must be established which shall prohibit free
speech and a free press; for with them these are
also a failure. Popular government is a failure!
shout this band of conspirators of ail fotmcr po-
litical parties and ail religious creeds, who unite
in demanding that a stiong military government
shall be established, excluding all from avoiccin
its deliberations who have not a pecuniary inter-
j est in maintaining the institution of slavery.
They desire a Government in which the slave
