1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
not exert all the energies conferred upon them in
its prevention. Upon the members of theThirty-
Sixth Congress of the United States rests the des-
tiny of this Republic; and to you the futuie his-
torian will point perpetually either the finger of
scorn and contempt, or will deeply inscribe your
namesupon the dial-plate of our country's records
as the sure gnomon that is to indicate upon its
face its perpetual motions through the annals of
time.
You cannot screen yourselves behind the flimsy
gauze of a want of example; for the last eighteen
hundred years have borne down before them the
wreck of empires,kingdoms, and republics. They
have risen, culminated, and fallen; and can we close
our eyes against the causes which have brought
about' such fatal revolutions; and can we fail to
profit by their precept, and evade the rock upon
which they split ? And do they not stand as buoys
and beacon lights even in their darkness and deso-
lation to point us toa surer harbor of safety? Six
stars of various magnitude have glided solemnly,
though certainly, from our constellation, where,
but a few days since, they reposed in peaceful se-
curity in their places; and nine others are sho v-
ing evident signs of the disturbance of the center of
their system; and yet, we are merely disinterested
and deliberate spectators of this disruption, while
the whole civilized world is looking with horror
and astonishment upo.n our inactivity and indif-
ference. And again, sir; heretofore thegemus of
the nation has always been sufficient for every
emergency; and this can be successfully met, if
we present before it but a bold front. I have tried
to study the destiny of the Republic. I have tried
to examine, carefully and candidly, the causes of
the present discontent and distrust; and I now
believe that none that have yet transpired have
been sufficient to justify secession and separation.
And I believe the national Government possesses
the inherent power, by the laws and Constitution
of the United States, to prevent a State or States
from seceding, and to bring any State back into
the Union, even after its separation. But I be-
lieve, also, that every means should be resorted to,
within the grasp of our power, to bring back the
erring member into the family of States before
an appeal to force. It is the duty of the states-
man and patriot to examine thoroughly the causes
of the existing evils, whether they are either real
or imaginary, and to act at once, without hesita-
tion or delay, and remove and correct them.
I would understand that this Union is a con-
tract; that no State can come into the Union with-
out the consent of the other States; and once she
takes her stand as one of the parties of this Con-
federacy, she cannot leave it without the consent
of the other States; and any attempt to do so is
a violation of the contract. And, as we under-
stand it, every wrong has its remedy; and if that
be so. the onlv question is, how that remedy shall
be enforced? " Now, I admit to the fullest extent
the sovereignty of the people, and the rights of
the Slates; yet, when they come into the Union,
and give m their adherence to the Federal Govern-
ment, they yield up certain rights for the benefit
of the -whole; and one of those rights given away,
is their right, by their own consent, to resolve
themselves back into their original element at any
time, and at their own pleasure. Then, sir, every
individual, yes, every State, should be held to
strict obedience to the Constitution and laws of
the United States, while the legislative enactments
of the national Government are in accoi dance with
her own Constitution.
Sir, it would be futile to attempt to close our
eyes against the danger to which we are this day
exposed. But what has led us to our present per-
ilous position? "Why are we this day standing,
as it were, upon the very verge of our national
ruin ? It can all be traced to the direct violation
ofthc laws and Constitution of ournational Union.
Now, the Constitution of the United States
makes express provision for the lecapture of fu-
gitives from labor; and in pursuance of that pro-
vision of the Constitution, the national Legisla-
ture, m 1793, passed a fugitive slave law; and that
act, for the purpose of making it more effective,
was amended or reconstructed in IboO. Ineveiy
ease in which that act has come before any court
of competent jurisdiction they have always pro-
nounced it constitutional; and even before the
President would place his signature to that act,
he presented the question of its constitutionality
to his Attorney General, (Mr. Crittenden.) at that
day, as now, one of the most masterly statesmen
and best lawyers in the Union; and he,after due
reflection, pronounced the act constitutional. The
Supreme Court of the United States have again
and again pronounced the same judgment upon
the same act.
Sir, it is an undeniable fact that the execution
of this law has been obstructed in every manner
that could be devised by the most masterly intel-
lects in the Republican party. And again, sir,
twelve sovereign States of this Unioij have inter-
posed their legislative authority to prevent and
obstruct the execution of that law. Now, this is
nullification to the very fullest extent; and these
States are as guilty as was South Carolina in 1833.
They have set an example of the violation of law
that is returning upon their own heads with an
irresistible fury. They have opened the flood-
gates of disobedience, that is about to sweep before
it to certain destruction all the elements of a well-
organized Government.
if a State reserved to herself the right to secede
from the Confederacy, the conditions upon which
she intended to secede should have been clearly
defined at the time she entered the compact; anil
then each State would understand upon what con-
ditions each of the other members of the family
occupied their positions within the common circle.
And if a State comes into the Union reserving to
herself the tacit right to withdraw from the com-
pact whenever her rights, in her own estimation,
have been violated, it is a fraud upon the other
contracting parties. Now, admit the right of a
State to secede at pleasure, or even allow her to
be the judgeof the causes sufficient to warrant her
separation, and it is the end of all government,
and system and order are thrown into chaos and
confusion. The Constitution of the United States
provides for the admission of new States into the
compact, but nowhere, either by word or even
implication, does that instrument make provision
for the secession of a State or States; and hence
any attempt at the same is a direct violation of that
article. That instrument was intended to bind to-
gether the States, and each one is an additional link
in the great chain. All civilized society is based
upon strict obedience to law, and hence the ne-
cessity of establishing proper tribunals to which
individual citizens can resort to have their rights
established and thcii wrongs redressed. And no
single individual can be allowed to avenge his
own supposed injuries, for, in such a case, society
could have no guarantee for its safety a single
day, and courts and juries would become a nul-
lity If a State within the Confederacy supposes
that the peace and safety of herself and the peace
and safety of her institutions are endangered by
remaining longer within the Union, she should, at
least, submit her causes of complaint before some
disinterested umpire, and leave it to the judgment
of the same, after full examination of ail the evi-
dence in the case. This Union, under our Con-
stitution and laws, was intended to be perpetual,
and hence their silence upon all questions involv-
ing the right of separation.
Now, sir, it was the design of the framers of
our national Government that we should live to-
gether in pel feet peace and harmony. And how-
ever obnoxious the peculiar institutions of one
section may be to the particular training and edu-
cation of the otheis, it is no just excuse for com-
plaint; but, upon the other hand, they arc, under
that tacit allegiance they owe to the laws and
Government of the nation, not only bound to tol-
erate their existence, but to preserve and protect
th*m in their full use and occupation. And had
this idea been kept steadily before the public
' mind, and had it always been tuithlully and fer-
i vently obeyed and adhered to, we should this day
' have been occupying that proud position which
| has heretofore so emphatically characterized us as
i a nation; and we would have still been living in
i that harmonious union which was intended for
1 us by our ancestors even before the foundation of
| our free and enlightened institutions. That great
! statesman, Andrew Jackson, says, in his cele-
brated proclamation in the case of South Carolina,
that—
a In our colonial state, although dependent on another
Tower, we very curly considered ouiselves as connected
bv common interest with each other. Leagues were formed
toi common defense ; and belore the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, we weie known in our ablegate character as
tin: hmtei' colonics of America. That decisive and
important step was taken jointly. We declared ourselves
a nation by a jomt^iot by several acts; and when the terms
of our Confederation were reduced to form, It was in that
of a solemn league of several States, by which they agreed
thai they would collectively form one nation for the pur-
pose of conducting some certain domestic concerns ana all
foreign relations. In the instrument forming that Union, is
found an article which declines that 'every State shall
abide by the determinations of Congress on all questions
which, by that Confederation, should be submitted to
them."'
But it is now too late to reason upon these im-
portant questions, for 1 fear that the armless hand
of destiny is tracing our inevitable destruction
upon the wall in legible characters, too plain to be
misunderstood, and that it will require no Daniel
to be brought forth from his prison to the palace
to give them their true interpretation.
But, Mr. Speaker, let us examine the history
of the past to see if we can discover the causes
which have contributed to bring about the dan-
gers which now threaten to mingle in one pro-
miscuous ruin our happy and prosperous coun-
try. Let the question be seriously asked, why it
is that States are seceding from the Union, ant!
that this great Confederacy—the masterpiece of
the most illustrious men that ever graced or hon-
ored this or any other nation—has been torn asun-
der? These present difficulties are not the spon-
taneous production of a day, but of the unceasing
and untiring threats, taunts, and insults of years.
Bad faith, disobedience of law, and a hostof other
evils, have biought upon us our present alarm-
ing and truly appalling condition. In pursuance
of that provision of the Constitution for the re-
capture of fugitives from labor, Congress, in 1793,
defined the mode, manner, and means of recapture;
and, in 1850, passed an act, amendatory of that
act, making il more effective in its operations.
Then I ask, has this law been obeyed and en-
forced in the northern States ? Every one who
is acquainted with the history of the country, is
ready to answer in the negative. It is these acts
of disobedience upon the part of the northern
States, that are so rapidly alienating the two sec-
tions from each other, and digging an impassa-
ble gulf between people that should have always
been one, and which demands at the hands of all
loyal and law-abiding citizens an open condem-
nation and reproach. Twelve of the northern
States have not only refused to enforce its pro-
visions, but have actually passed laws in direct
violation of its spirit and letter, and in hinderance
of its execution. When a State interposes its
legislative authority to obstruct the due execution
and enforcement of one of the constitutional acts
of our National Legislature, she is as guilty of
nullification as was South Carolina in 1833, when
she interposed her legislative authority in obstruc-
tion of the revenue laws of the United States.
However obnoxious a law may be to our own
sense of right and wrong, we, for the peace and
safety of the nation, should strictly obey until the
same is repealed, or its obnoxious features are
removed by the power that created it. If we in-
tend to set at naught the laws of the State and
nation to which we look forprotection and safety
because they do not meet our preconceived and~
predetermined notions of justice, lotus cease to
condemn the pirates thatinfest our high seas, plun-
der our vessels, murder the crews and unoffending
passengers; let us cease to condemn the midnight
assassin that plunges his dagger to your heart
merely to get possession of your purse: let us cease
to condemn the whole catalogue of crime; for it is
,, only a violation of law, without which it would
j cease to be criminal. When we place ourselves
i in such a situation, we are upon a political sea
! without compass or polar star. Listen to what
i the hero of New Orleans says upon that question,
p in the same proclamation:
i "I consider, then, the power to annul a law of the I'm •
ted States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the
i existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter
of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent
with evei v principle on w Inch it was tounded, anddestruc-
i| tive of the great object lor which it was lounecl."
Such was the opinion of Andrew Jackson at that
'! day, and that attempted nullification of the laws
of the United States he fearlessly and promptly
|; suppressed; and for that act, more than any other
! of his life, he has received the applause and ap-
probation of the people of the whole Union.
Then, sir, in this case, it is very evident that
the northern States were the aggressors; and, it
they really, at heart, desire the preservation ox
