1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
whole Union contained, both free and slave, in
its inception, besides a greater number of free
States even than slave. Then, sir, no region of
this nation, whatever may be its peculiar insti-
tutions, has anything to apprehend from apoliti-
cal principle based upon an untruth.
Mr. Speaker, I am truly rejoiced to know that
my colleague [Mr. Sherman] has at last come to
the conclusion that, for the safety and preserva-
tion of this Union, the Constitution must be ob-
served and the laws must be enforced. And I
regret that the whole Republican party had not
discovered that important fact long since, for it
would have saved this nation from its present per-
ilous crisis. Then, sir, I cannot believe that any
of these seceding States had a just, or at least
sufficient,cause for so hastily and abruptly break-
ing otT their connection with this Confederacy;
for we consider it as a self-evident proposition
that ours is the best system of Government ever
produced by human ingenuity for the happiness
and prosperity of any people, and all who cannot
live within its pale and precincts do not deserve
to have a Government. And those who stand
upon thisfloorand talk so loudly about its oppres-
sion, its tyranny, its corruption, and its unequal
working, are only acting under the misguided and
uncertain effects ofa heated imagination. Condemn
notour institutions—-for they offer equal lights to
all, and monopoly and oppression to none—for
by so doing you are casting an imputation upon
your own ancestry, and offering an insult to the
spirit that conceived and the genius that brought
forth the most complete plan of popular rights
that has ever been devised; and which, like a
political earthquake, is shaking the solid foun-
dation of European thrones. Let our glorious sun
he extinguished in the political firmament, and
it will be succeeded by a long political night, the
daikness of which will only be dispelled by the
splendid dawn of the morn of that grand millen-
nium that is to renovate the world.
Sir, there are no conditions upon which I, or
the constituency which I have the honor to rep-
resent, can give up this Union; and I would be
recreant to the duty which I owe to myself, to
them, and to all posterity, if I were in the slight-
est degree to favor such an idea. And in order
that I may be clearly understood, I believe that
this Government possesses the power within itself
to perpetuate its own existence; for if itdoes not,
or if it never did, or if the salt has lost its savor,
the sooner it is known the better; the sooner it
is thrown out and trodden under foot of men, of
aspirants, of demogogues, the better. We ought
not for another day to be thus placing our exalted
hopes of empire upon the baseless fabric of this
vision.
What is our condition to-day? The credit of
our nation sacrificed and destroyed by the spiiit
of faction; and whereas but thiee months-ago we
could have commanded the confidence and coffers
of Europe to the extent of $100,(100,000, at the
very smallest rate of interest, we cannot to-day
keep up our current expenses, in loans from our
own citizens, at the heavy rate of twelve percent.
Her trade is paralyzed, her industry checked, her
citizens thrown out of employment, her manufac-
turing establishments stopped, her merchants and
business men clamoring, and her agricultural in-
terests, the certain source of her real wealth, com-
pletely prostrated. Her States seceding, her ports,
arsenals, forts, castles, and dock-yards seized, her
vessels taken and fired into, her flag torn from its
place, insulted, and hurled to the dust; and all by
the madness of faction, and our people seemingly
bent upon their own ruin.
Mr. Speaker, are we thus suddenly to be cut
off without hope, and destroyed without remedy ?
I believe, for the present, it is the duty of the
Government to protcct her property, to keep open
her ports and collect her revenue; and, if that is
coercion, we are for coercion to that extent. My
colleague, [Mr. Pendleton,] in his masterly and
eloquent spccch and his most ingenious and able
argument, mistook the whole cause of the Amer-
ican Revolution upon which he based his elegant
and eloquentremarks. Did the American people
refuse to pay their taxes? Did they refuse to pay
the revenue? Did they refuse to pay their duties?
Did they refuse these obligations to the English
Government? They did. Butwhat was the cause?
It was because these things were imposed upon
them without their consent, and it was taxation
without representation. They had laws put upon
them which they had no say in making, and the
enforcement of which was undertaken against a
free and independent people without their consent;
and they did just what they ought to have done;
they resisted; and in that bold resistance they re-
ceived the sympathy of all civilized nations and
the support of the empire of France.
But, sir, has not every State an equal represent-
ation in the national Legislature ? Is the people of
any section taxed without representation; and
have not all the revenue laws found upon our
statute-books been passed by this Congress, and
received the signature of the Executive of the
Union ? Why, sir, so jealous is this Government
of the rights of the whole people, that the Terri-
tories, which in reality are our colonies, and
occupy about the same position to us that wc in
our colonial condition sustained to the English
Government, are exempt from the obligations of
taxation; and, because they have not a full repre-
sentation upon this floor, the whole expenses of
the governmentof a Territory arc defrayed by
the national Government. And, with all due
deference to the opinions of my distinguished
colleague, I must consider it as unjust to this
magnificent Government, and to the constituents
of every Representative upon this floor, to even
compare the workings of our free institutions to
the tyranny and oppression of the English Gov-
ernment, which aroused the outraged and insulted
colonics to a successful resistance. The Ameri-
can Revolution is the most brilliant and glorious
in history, simply because it was founded upon
right and justice and resistance to tyrants. The
present secession movement is beneath the dig-
nity of the American people, because it presents
the humiliating spectacle to the world of the
bravest and most chivalrous people upon earth
fleeing in the advance of a mere ghost of tyranny,
a specter painted upon the imaginary map of a
distant future. Sir, did the American colonies
act upon the unreal imagery of fancy, or the cer-
tain earnestness of a devoted truth ?
Sir, in the present position of the crisis, I am
opposed to coercing any of these seceding States,
because I believe the tramp and tread of hostile
armies would in reality place our people at a re-
turnless distance from each other. And I believe
that the whole question is yet within the reach
and arrangements of the arts of peace. I believe
that concession and compromise is now, as it has
been on many occasions heretofore, potent in the
full adjustment of every difficulty that now besets
us. The satisfactory adjustment of this whole
question is yet within the hands of the Republi-
can party; they hold in their hands the destiny
of this mighty empire, and it yet remains to be
demonstrated to the country and to the world
whether they will hold on to their platform at the
expense of the Republic,—whether they will hold
on to the shadow at the expense of the substance.
The eagle eye of a distracted and disturbed na-
tion is upon them; and will they pour oil upon
its troubled waters? And though the General Gov-
ernment may possess the full right to coerce a
State, in the present disturbed condition of the
southern mind, it would be ruinous in its results,
for this seceding movement has the sympathy,
and, in case of war, would have the support, of
every southern State; and it would be bringing
twelve million determined and hrave people in
collision with eighteen, and God only knows what
would be the end of such a contest; but there is
one thing certain, it would be the end of the
American Republic.
Now, sir, there are propositions upon which
these questions can be fully settled; and it is the
duty of all parties to throw aside all platforms
and come forward to the rescue. Let us resort
to concession and compromise; for in this we
have the precept and example of Clay and Web-
ster, Calhoun, Cass, and Jackson, and all others
of the great statesmen who have graccd our halls
of legislation. But, sir, we cannot pursue this
all-absorbing question anyfurther, but mustturn
out attention to the great West, the region which
we more immediately represent. Wccannothave
secession; we cannot tolerate separation; we can-
not listen to dissolution, for, in that event, we are
ruined. And 1 say heie to-day, that there are
eight million people loyal to the Constitution and
faithful to the Union, occupying that vast valley,
, who will never suffer the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river to go beyond their control without the
utmost strife. We are told here by gentlemen
that the southern confederacy, when formed, do
not design to close that natural highway against
the great West. But stop, gentlemen, and listen
to reason: when that southern confederacy is
formed, it will be as much a foreign Power, as
far as we are concerned, as France was at tho
time we made our purchase; it was then closed,
against us; and if it falls into the hands of a for-
eign Power, it will be again. But again: wc are
told that the necessities of trade will keep it per-
petually open to the enterprising of all that mighty-
region which it drains. That may do for. the sun-
shine of peace; but the clouds of war may over-
shadow, and then will you allow the free naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river ? No, sir; our trade
will be cutoff; our products will rot upon our
hands; and our whole commercial and agricul-
tural interests will be ruined.
Again: we are asked if we doubt the honor and
integrity of our southern brethren. We do not,
while you remain part and parcel of us, but as
soon as you separate without cause or provoca-
tion from us, wc will have to regard you, as we
regard all other foreigners, enemies in war, in
peace, friends. And why are you this day refus-
ing to trust the Republican party, upon a legal
and constitutional election, with the reins of this
Government5 It is because it is sectional in its
feelings and forms, and pledged to the doctrine of
the irrepressible conflict, and to the final exterm-
ination of your own peculiar institution. Now,
sir, there is no power upon earth to which we
will silently yield to take peaceable possession of
that river; for, gentlemen, at any hour, with a
very slight expense of blood arid treasure, you
can close that stream against us, and ruin our
peculiar institutions.
Mr. Speaker, it was at the urgent demand of
the people of the Northwest that the mouth of
the Mississippi was purchased. When we were
but one half million people, we soon discovered
that the products of that vast region must find an
outlet at some point; and naturally turning our
eyes upon the Mississippi, we saw at once that
that was the outlet to that \f hole productive coun-
try; but it was in the hands of a foreign Power. We
demanded its acquisition at the hands of Mr. Jef-
ferson, who was then President of the United
States. He examined the Constitution,and was
led to the conclusion that that instrument did not
vest the power in the General Government to make
such a purchase. Sir, he was told that there was
a power above the Constitution; and that was the
voice of the people; and he looked again to that
article, and he found that it was inserted there
that " all powers not delegated by this Constitu-
tion arc reserved to the States and people;" and
finding nothing there prohibiting such an arrange-
ment, he concluded he had the authority; and,
under that supposition, he added to the Union
that grand and fertile region, and thereby ob-
tained for us the mouth of the Mississippi; and
can it be imagined foranfoment that,at this day,
we will give it over to seceders to satisfy their in-
satiable thirst for power? We are now nine mil-
lion people; our wealth has amounted to the sum
of $700,000,000; we have advanced more rapidly
than any other region; we have the most loyal
population in the country; we are for the Union
of these States, the whole Union as it is; we are
for each and every right of each and every citizen.
And do they suppose that we will give up our
right to that mighty stream? If they do, they are
miserably mistaken.
Then, sir, let these vexed questions be settled
at every hazard; for, viewing them in their most
favorable light, they will bring upon the nation all
the terrible consequences of civil war, bloodshed,
and rapine. And are you willing, to-day, to have
Lincoln, like the ancient emperors of Mexico,
installed into the Chief Magistracy of the Ameri-
can Republic over a hecatomb of human sacri-
fices? Recollect that but a few months ago you
were asserting that the election of your candidate
would give peace and prosperity and happiness
to the nation, and that confidence would be fully
restored; and in the short space of three months
after that event, are you demanding at the hands
of the nation the powers of the Army and Navy,
not to repel foreign aggression, but to butcher and
destroy your own citizens. Sir, I do not believe
that this can be; I do not believe that the end of
