656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31.
the Republic is yet; but I believe there is yet suf-
ficient moral force to repel all physical force, and
that the nation will again be restored to its ori-
ginal exalted position among the nations of the
earth, and yet remain as an evidence of the capa-
city of this people for self-government.
There are men yet living who were present at
the birth of the Republic; and shall they survive as
mourners around its grave? Shall the soldiers
"of the Revolution survive to see the splendid fab-
ric erected by themselves totter to its fall ? for a
few of them remain as the last rays of the set-
ting sun upon the loftiest mountain peak. I be-
lieve that the nations demand at our hand, to set-
tle this question in harmony and peace; and he
who fails to do it, or determines to do otherwise,
will bring upon himself the perpetual infamy of
an injured and outraged people. The question is
not, shall we adhere to our own political notions ?
but the question is, shall we be plunged in a civil
war, or shall our nation still continue to shed
forth the benign influences of peace?
Recollect that from the smallest causes some-
times flow the mightiest results. A princess of
the house of Austria once carelessly remarked,
that kings and potentates should pay no more
attention to the voice of the people than to the
barking of dogs; and this single observation so
inflamed the public mind m France that that same
princess, in the short space of a few years, saw
the heads of kings and princes rolling from be-
neath the ax of the guillotine like autumn leaves
after a d'esolate storm; and that storm did notecase
till it had driven religion from its sanctuary, virtue
from her empire, andgovernmentfrom existence,
and finally brought about those terrible campaigns
that desolated every division of Europe, and one
million one hundred thousand men were at one
time arrayed in hostile combat against each other.
Then, I believe that this day this national Legis-
lature holds within its control the destiny of thirty
million people. Allow it to slip unimproved be-
yond your power; allow the American people an
appeal toarms in the adjustment oftheirimagined
rights, and you will be responsible for its results;
for you hold in your hands the olive branch of
peace. >
What American citizen does not feel a glow of
pride thrill his very soul to see the presentExec-
utive, in the declining days of his administration,
standing by the Constitution and Union, enforcing
the national laws, elevating our flag, and showing
a determination at all hazards to preserve and per-
petuate our national honor? Who docs not ad-
mire the brave and chivalrous Major Anderson,
who, in the integrity of his heart, with an iron
will, a patriotic spirit, and a firm resolution, is
standing by his own and his nation's glory? He
will never allow that flag that he has been sent to
protect to trail in the dust. Let him, as a gallant
soldier, be firm and unwavering in the discharge
of his duty; for the burning focus of the nation's
eye is upon him as one of her noblest sous. The
indelible expression of human gratitude is coming
up from every part of an injured nation; and the
ceaseless homage of all posterity will identify his
name with the history of his country.
I am willing to go for the Crittenden proposition,
not that it meets my own political views—for they
are in direct opposition to many of my notions of
policy—but I believe that it will settle the present
difficulties more fully and satisfactorily than any
other before this body and the country. It comes
from a statesman whose experience reaches
through three fourths of our constitutional exist-
ence, and who certainly understands, as well as
any otherman living, the spintof ourinstitutions,
and the theory of our Government. It comes
fiom a statesman who is not ultra, but conserva-
tive, in his whole political policy, and in favor of
the Constitution and Union, and the enforcement
of the laws. It comes from a patriot who, like
myself, does not believe that there is any question ,
upon which he could consent to give up this Union; j,
but who believes that all national questions aie
within the reach and adjustment of the arts of 1
peace.
Mr. Speaker, we believe that if the patriots who
lived in the past could speak from their last rest-
ing place, they would say to the national Logis- <
iature, settle that all-absorbing question, for it is '
incompatible in principle for people of the same
blood to be disputing over a mere abstraction. If
we could listen to the voice of the thirty million
freemen who inhabit this great and growing coun-
try, it would fall like thunder tones on this Con-
gress, commanding it to arrange this detestable
question, for it is only uselessly disturbing the
peace of a people that should live together in har-
monious unison. If we could listen to the two
hundred million oppressed and downtrodden Eu-
ropeans, they would say to us, perpetuate the
American Republic in peace, for it is a terrible
example to trembling tyrants upon their crum-
bling thrones. If we could hear the language of
the oppressed ef the whole civilized earth, they
would say to this Congress, keep the American flag
waving in triumph over your whole nation; for
among whatever people it is seen, over whatever
ocean it is flying, in whatever port it makes its
appearance, all people are pointing toat, and ex-
claiming, Behold the flag of liberty, thatis taking
away the slavery and oppression of the world!
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts does not desire to go
on this evening, I desire to submit some remarks
to the House. I am afraid I shall have 110 other
opportunity; and if the House will permit me, I
will,take advantage of the present occasion.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. I will very
cheerfully yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, if it be understood that I shall have the
floor to-morrow.
Mr. LOGAN. I object to any such under-
standing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire, for reasons, to ad-
dress the House, and through the House, my
constituents, upon this subject. I applied to the
Speaker last week, and I was assured by him that
his policy would be, first come first served. I
therefore have not negotiated for the floor or made
any arrangement, relying upon the promise I re-
ceived in reference to the older which would be
observed in assigning the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts has the floor, and if he
yields it, I claim it.
Mr. MAYNARD. If that rule is not to be
observed, there should be some understanding
between those gentlemen who desire to speak
and the Speaker, so that we may know when we
can speak, or know the fact that we cannot speak.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. I yield the
floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to any ar-
rangement in reference to the floor. If the gentle-
man yields the floor, he must yield it uncondi-
tionally.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would propose
that, by unanimous consent, to-night and to-mor-
row we take a recess from half past four to seven
o'clock.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I will take
advantage of this opportunity, unfavorable as it
is, to present such views as I desire to the House
upon the questions before it.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man cannot be heard now, because I am upon the
floor.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I rise to apoint of order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts obtained the
floor, but yielded it to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to goon to-night, with the understanding
that lie should have the floor to-morrow morning.
I objected to that arrangement.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts yielded the floor to me.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will not allow me to ask a single ques-
tion, I shall insist upon my objection.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I do not see
why the gentleman should object to my going on
to-night.
Mr.LOGAN. I have remained lieie, with othei
gentlemen, several evenings, for the purpose of
obtaining the floor, and I want the Speaker now
to tell me how many names are registered as en-
titled, in order, to the floor to speak, so that I
may know on what evening I shall come here to
obtain the floor, by acting 'decently and respect-
fully to the Speaker?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bingham in
the chair.) The present occupant of the chair
cannot answer that question.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 desire to say, that this practice
of farming out the floor in advance is infamous,
and ought not to be tolerated in any body. I want
the country to know that such perfidy as this is
practiced by theSpeakerof this House, to theex-
clusion of other members. I now withdraw my
objection.
Mr. COLFAX. The Speaker is absent, and I
feel it due to him to say that, during this discus-
sion,two members from Illinoishavehad the floor
upon that side, and only one from this side.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not speaking for Illinois,
but for myself.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The Speaker of the
House did not give me the floor; and I doubt
whether he would have given it to me, had he been
in the chair. And besides that, I did not got the
floor upon this question, but upon another.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not object to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania going on. All I wanted
was to denounce this practice as detestable and
abominable.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, then addressed
the House for an hour. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor, but
yielded to •
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, who moved that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at forty minutes past five
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 31, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GtmLEY.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Formet, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
87G) for the benefit of Gabriel J. Johnston; which
thereupon received the signature ofthe Vice Presi-
dent.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 19th instant, the following bill and joint
resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 935) for the relief of Frank-
lin Torrey; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of the schooner Spring Hill to that ofthe United
States.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 23d instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 127) for the relief of 0. F.
D. Fair'banks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the chil-
dren of Captain E. A. Capron; and
A bill (H. R. No. 428) directing the Secretary
ofthe Interior to liquidate the accounts of Mitch-
ell & Rammilsburg and Baker & Von Phul.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 26th instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 23) for the admission of
Kansas into the Union;
A bill (II. R. No. 377) for the relief David C.
Whiting;
A bill (H. R. N. 507) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to issue a land warrant to
Daniel Davis; and
A bill (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of Samp-
son Stanfill.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 26th instant, the printing of
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Ten-
nessee in regard to the tender of men and money
to the General Government by the State of New
York.
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 28th
instant, the printing of the following documents:
Memorial of citizens of Boston, in favor of a
pacific settlement of the pending difficulties be-
tween the North and the South.
Resolutions of the Legislature ofPennsylvama,
in favor of the maintenance of the Constitution
and the Union.
