%%
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
362H Cong.... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Corwin.
Ho. of Reps.
let us leap over the intervening agony of war, and
cotne to the end and conclusion at once.
' If George III had conciliated his colonies, how
much wiser a man would history have proclaimed
him! If, failing to conciliate, he had allowed the
separation without the disgrace and defeat of the
revolutionary war, -how much wiser a man still
wouid he have been!
Mr. STANTON. I would be glad to know of
My colleague if he holds that there is any power
in any department of this Government to recog-
nize the secession of a State under the Constitu-
tion? • As to the matter of conciliation and com-
promise, the people of the seceding States say
they want none,and will accept none; and there-
fore it is useless to talk of it. I again ask my
colleague whether there is any power, under the
Constitution, to l'ecognize the secession of a State,
and recognize them as a foreign nation ?
Mr. PENDLETON. What may be the con-
stitutional power of this Government to recognize
the secession of a State, I decline to discuss at
present. But this I say: if we should become
engaged in war with a foreign enemy, and a por-
tion of our territory should be captured and re-
duced to possession by the enemy, and we should
be obliged to make a treaty of peace on the basis
of retaining what each party had acquired—uti
possidetis—acknowledging the sovereignty of that
territory to have passed away from us, certainly
the Federal Government would have the power
to conform to our restricted limits, and to confine
its jurisdiction to our admitted boundaries.^' If
war be dismemberment, as my colleague declares,
lias not the Federal Government as much power
to treat that question now as at the end of a war ?
Will a conflict of arms confer constitutional power
upon the Federal Government? I do not know—
I do not believe—that the people of the seceding
States desire no conciliation, no compromise. Try
them; 1 think they do. The position of Stephens
and Johnson and Houston, the declaied intentions
of Toombs and Davis—to say nothing of Crit-
tenden or Etueiudge-—leave no reason to doubt
it. How have they been met? By voting down
in this and the other House every proposition
looking to reconciliation; by adopting every res-
olution threatening coercion by force of arms.
Before my colleague repeats that statement, let
him make a tender of compromise.
Mr. Chairman, I say again, that my constitu-
ents are in favor of conciliation; they are in favor
of peace. They love the Union beyond all things;
but if dissolution is inevitable, they want it in
peace. Peace may preserve this Government;
peace may reconstruct this Union; peace will
preserve friendship, and give us an opportunity
for acts of reciprocal kindness and good will. If
these southern States cannot be conciliated, and
if you gentlemen cannot find it in your hearts to
grant their demands; if they must leave tiie fam-
ily mansion, 1 would signalize their departure by
tokens of love; I would bid them farewell so ten-
derly that they would forever be touched by the
recollection of it; and if, in the vicissitudes of
their separate existence, they should desire to
come together with us again in one common gov-
ernment, there should be no pride, to be humili-
ated, there should be no wound inflicted from my
hand to be healed. They should come, and be
welcome to the place they now occupy.
But. Mr. Chairman, if none of these things can
be; if there is to be no conciliation; if there is to
be no compromise; if there is to be no peace, I
ask gentlemen to-day to pause before they go
further. "Now is the accepted time." Learn n les-
son from history. When the Samnitcs entrapped
the Roman army in the Candine forks, without
the possibility of advance or retreat, the victors
took counsel of the wise Herehnius. " Dismiss
them all unharmed," said he. But they did not
rise to that magnanimous act of statesmanship;
they thought there had been some mistake, and
sought him again. " Exterminate them all, to the
last man." They were appalled at this gigantic
act of cruelty, and sent for him to come into the
camp. He came, his limbs all trembling under the
accumulated experience of a long and checkcrcd
life,and spoke tothem: " The first course, which
is the best, would have made Rome your friend,
andconsummated a perpetual peace; the last course
would havedestroyed her power, and so have pre-
served your State for many years. There is no
middle course. You only preserve those whom
you exasperate—senate tnodo, quosignominia irri-
taveritis. This Roman people know not how to
remain quiet under defeat. The ignomy their
present necessity compels them to endure will
rjtnkle in their breasts until they wreak manifold
vengeance on your heads." A middle course was
pursued; the Roman legions were sent und«r the
yoke. Before two summers had passed away,
that same army returned to devastate the country
of the Samnites, destroy their cities, sack their
capital, and obliterate even the name and being of
their State.
Gentlemen, to-day you must make your choice.
To-day lay aside all thoughts of war, and culti-
vate the arts of peace. To-day determine upon
a course of conciliation and compromise. If you
do not; if you insist upon drawing the sword and
dipping it in your brother's blood; if you insist
upon this unnatural and unholy war, prepare to
wage it to the last extremity; for I warn you that
every wound which you inflict upon the southern
people, every defeat to which you subject them,
every degradation you may have the power to make
them endure, will rankle m their breasts until
they wash out the last stain m jwur blood and
mine, or it may be, in that of our children.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. THOS. CORWIN,
or OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 21, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report of the
select committee ol thirty-three—
Mr. CORWIN said:
Mr. Speaker  It is not my intention to occupy
the time of the House this morning with the sub-
mission to thorn of remarks upon many of the
topics which are naturally associated with the
great questions before us. i shall have discharged
the duty which I feel incumbent upon me as one
of the committee of thirty-three, when I have
presented the subjects which have been intro-
duced, with a few very brief explanations of the
motives which have induced the committee to rec-
ommend the adoption of the resolutions and bills
which accompany their report.
Thirty years ago exactly, last December, I first
took a seat in this House as a Representative
from the congressional district in Ohio in which
I now reside. Two years after that time 1 was
called upon to act in my representative character
upon a subject very nearly akin to, if not identical
with, that which now widely distracts the public
mind from one end of this vastly-extended Re-
public to the other. At the time to which I now
allude, a portion of the southern people of this
country, led on then, as now, by the State of
South Carolina, had declared, in a convention of
their people, that the then existing laws levying
collection of the duties upon foreign merchandise,
in its judgment being unconstitutional, had ab-
solved that State from its obligations to the Union.
She did not then actually attempt to secede. I
believe that was not the term then used to signify
the action of that State. She proposed to strike
down the laws of the United States within her lim-
its; and this was denominated nullification.
This movement of South Carolina met with
little sympathy at that time from the other south-
ern States of the Union. Other causes for the
present distraction of our Union are now assigned;
but the same mode of accomplishing; it is adopted
substantially. It was then alleged that a supposed
unconstitutional act of Congress was to be ad-
judged of and decided upon in the last resort by
any and every State in the Union that might choose
to assume jurisdiction of the question. South
Carolina had determined for herself, and her de-
cision was then announced, that this act, levying
duties on foreign merchandise, was unconstitu-
tional, and, in its nature and in its tendency op-
pressive to the people of that section of the Union.
Therefore she would withdraw herself from the
Union, and establish an independent Republic of
her own. The doctrine now asserted in some of
the States is, that an unconstitutional act, passed
by the Legislature of a State, is of itself aground
for a withdrawal from the Union whenever any
State shall choose to consider such law a violation
of any provision contained in our Federal Con-
stitution.
I little thought, when that unhappy difficulty
which so much excited the public mind from 1831
to 1833 was composed, that at the near termina-
tion of my natural life, and the still nearer ap-
proach to the close of my political service, I
should ever be called upon again to give a vote or
utter a word which would have any application
to a question of such fearful import. But, sir, I
believe the pages of history will show that in every
stage of human progress, from the beginningof
the time when man began to bean occupant of this
earth, his restless and unquiet nature, while it has
prompted him to great improvement, has often led
him to forsake the present good for some vague
hope, never to be realized, in the future.
Any one who had read the history of one of
the greatest of the empires of the world, especially
of its decline and its dispersion into fragments,
might have well suspected that at some period in
the history of this confederated Republic a ten-
dency to fly off from the center of attraction
would, sooner or later, be exhibited in some of
the States; and that from that cause, as the makers
of the Constitution, some of them, did believe,
we might expect, at some day or other, an at-
tempted dissolution of the bonds which hold us
together as one people.
Such is now our condition; and that unhappy
state of things has this day brought us to the con-
sideration of the means by which the threatened
catastrophe maybe averted. We are called on to
exhaust every means possible to accomplish a
peaceful adjustment of present difficulties; and if
these should fail to effect the desired end, then we
must determine whether this Government has the
right and the power to enforce the laws of the Uni-
ted States, and hold and protect the property of
the United States any and everywhere within its
territorial limits.
The word coercion has been made one of very
fearful import by some, when used to signifythe
power of the General Government to compel in-
dividual obedience to its laws. Much useless con-
troversy, I think, has been had on both sides of
the House touching the power of the United States
to coerce a State. The Constitution, in my judg-
ment, does not look to the coercion of a State. It
only proposes to enforce obedience to its provis-
ions upon the people of the United States; and I
have always supposed it conveyed to the United
States Government the right and the power to re-
sist and punish all forcible opposition to its laws,
offered by any number of persons, whether act-
ing upon their own responsibility, or under the
assumed authority of any State or combination
of States.
But it is not my purpose now to discuss this
question. My mission to-day is one of concilia-
tion, of peace. If grievances, real or imaginary,
are presented to me by one or more members of this
great family of States, lam ready to consider them,
and employ every resource within my power to
remove or redress wrong, if wronghas been done;
to soothe anger if it exists; to remove unfounded
prejudices, or explain unhappy misunderstand-
ings; to heal wounds if there be any; not to irri-
tate and intensify them; if danger is apprehended
to the rights of any portion of the people, I am
ready to shield them from even the apprehension
of danger, by fortifying their rights with further
constitutional guarantees. Show me the wrong,
and I will redress it if in mypower; point out the
danger, and I, if possible, will offer every security
against it, and pledge every power of the Govern-
ment to avert it. To effect these beneficent pur-
poses, the committee have diligently labored,and
have instructed me to report the bills and resolu-
tions before us.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot, will not, give up the
belief that, if the people of the United States, in
the States north as well as in the States south,
can be satisfied that the causes of complaint which
have led to .these strange and, as I think, unwar-
rantable movements of* the southern States, have
any foundation in fact, these causes can be, and
will be, at once removed. These, sir, aie the
