1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong-....2d Sess.
State of the Unicm—Mr. Corwin,
Ho. 05 Reps.
grounds of my hope that public tranquillity will
again be restored.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I procecd 10 the con-
sideration of two or three topics embraced in the
report; which, when I have explained, I shall for
the present resign this debate into other hands.
We are compelled, in matters of this kind, to re-
sort to a species of in formation which is not always
accurate,butthe best at our command. Ithas been
alleged, sir, that unconstitutional laws have been
passed by several of the States of this Union which
have a tendency to embarrass the operation of the
laws of the United States, and especially that for
the recapture of fugitives from labor. It is alleged
that such acts, by some, or by many of the States,
were, in thejudgmentof the southern States, suf-
ficient cause tor dissolving their connection with
the Union. These laws have acquired the popular
name of personal liberty bills. They have been so
denominated by the popular language of several of
the States. And here, Mr. Speaker, you will find
the position which we now occupy differs in prin-
ciple very little, if at all, from that in which we
were placed by the attempted secession of South
Carolina in 1832-33.
Then it was alleged that a law passed by Con-
gress which had a prejudicial effect on any portion
of the Union, and adjudged by a State convention
to be unconstitutional, was, of itself, sufficient
reason for dissolving the Union. Now, it is said,
if a State should pass a law unconstitutional in its
character, that the proper judicature to determine
that unconstitutionality is a sovereign State; and
that if that be so, then a State has the right to
sever its connection with the Union, and carry
its citizens away from all allegiance to the United
States Government.
Undoubtedly, if this had been the case, if either
of these had been considered a sufficient cause for
breaking up the Union of the States, there have
been a thousand cases which might have been
seized upon with just as much propriety as now.
The reports of your judicial courts, State and
Federal, arc full of decisions which have declared
that such and such laws of the United States were
unconstitutional; that such and such laws of the
States over which that judicatory extends were
also unconstitutional. It was for the very pur-
pose of having a tribunal to whom such questions
should be referred, whose decisions upon such
subjects should protect the citizens against vio-
lations of the constitutions, State and Federal,
that the supreme courts of the several States, and
the United States circuit and Supreme Courts were
established; and the Supreme Courtof the United •
States was established to protect the rights of the
people of all the States existing under the Consti-
tution, treaties, and laws of the United States,
against encroachment, by either Congress or the
States. To that arbitrament, ever since the adop-
tion of the Constitution, it has been the habit of
the peace-loving people of the country to submit
any dispute of that kind; and hitherto it has
shown itself to be well and wisely adapted to the
great duty assigned it. But now it is said that
the States are the proper tribunals by which such
questions should be decided. If that be so, then
the objects of the great men who made this Con-
stitution were not attained.
The alleged unconstitutional laws to which I
have adverted were enacted by the States, as they
assert, for the laudable purpose of protecting the
free people of those States from possible danger
arising out of the manner in which the laws of
Congress touching the recapture of fugitive slaves
were executed in their limits. I might here say
that I have not approved of many of these laws
myself; but it is not for rac to arraign the legisla-
tion of a sovereign State, nor will I lightly con-
demn any attempt it may make to preserve what
it deems a just right of the people over whom its
legislative jurisdiction extends. But, is it not
obvious—just as obvious to my brethren of the
South as it can be to anybody else—that if any
such law has ever existed upon the statute-book
of any State of the Union, such a law was totally
void, unless you assume the proposition that the
law of the United States with which it comes in
conflict is void *
I am looking at this alleged cause of grievance
now, as one which, if it have any foundation in
fact, whatever, can be easily removed; or rather,
I wish to say, it cannot possibly have any effect
upon the interests and rights of southern men and
slavery. The law concerning the recapture of fugi-
tive slaves has, by the act of 1850, been submitted
exclusively to the courts of the United States.
The State courts have now nothing to do with it,
as was the case under the law of 1793. It must
follow as a legal consequence, if they deem the
law bf 1793, and the amendatory law of 1850, to
be within the constitutional powers of Congress,
that they will execute that law; and every law
and every State constitution coming in conflict
with any part of that law will be declared by them
totally void.
When I assert this as a legal proposition, I pre-
sume there is not a man on this floor who will not
agree with me. If, then, some of these laws passed
by some States, called northern, have come in con-
flict with the laws of the United States, they were
mere incompetent acts of the States, mere inca-
pable attempts by the States to interfere with the
just and proper execution of that law of the Uni-
ted States which, when declared constitutional by
the courts of the Federal Government, is made,
by the Constitution under which we live, the par-
amount law of the land; for that Constitution
ordained that the Constitution itself, and the laws
made in pursuance of it, and the treaties made
under it, should be the supreme law of the land,
anything in the constitution or laws of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding.
The committee were painfully anxious to find
out whether any injury had ever resulted to the
property of any southern man by reason of this
conflict of law. I beg my friends upon this side
of the House to pardon the use of that common
word as applicable to the condition of a person
who owes labor to another. A slave in the slave
States is called property, and treated as such.
He is also called a person, and treated as such.
I may as well stop here a moment to say that I
am not very much skilled m philology; but I
profess to know something about legal phraseol-
ogy. Upon this point allow me to say that, when-
ever a man owns a thing which is of value, and
which can be converted into good Federal money,
1 call that thing property. I do not say that man
can hold property in man; but I do say there is
a relation created between the slaves and the
owners who hold them by the laws of the slave
States, which relation is a thing of value, and may
as well be called property, recognized by the Con-
stitution of the United States, so far as to declare
in plain terms, that every State is bound to deliver
up one of those persons who runs away from the
man to whom he owes labor; and in that it docs
recognize the right of any State to establish that
sort of relation. I pray the day may never arrive
when this Federal Government shall assume ju-
risdiction over a subject so clearly belonging to
States alone, except m the simple case of territory
not yet formed into States.
That relation between the man that does owe
labor and him to whom that labor is due is called,
in the familiar phraseology of the country, sla-
very. Though I will not be bound by any criti-
cism of my own on questions of this kind, yet I
may observe, in passing, that the word "slave "
has been strangely perverted from its original
meaning. I think if the history of that very word
were looked into by gentlemen of the South, it
would teach them something worth their atten-
tion; and among other matters, that the famil-
iar appellation which they give the black man
was derived from the national patronymic of a
people now constituting one of the most powerful
empires existing upon this earth. It was a name
given to and applied to white men, to blue-eyed
men, and to fair-skinned men. It was simply
ii sclave," or " sclavona name which, far back
in the history of the world, was applied to that
powerful nation. So many of them were in the
condition of servants, that it became a common,
familiar name in after times for all people who
were in a state of abject servitude. That former
slave or sclavon now sways his seppter over sixty
or seventy millions of people,and may safely defy
half Europe in any contest of national strength.
The great autocrat who well and wisely presides
with imperial and despotic sway over that Rus-
sian empire, has found it convenient, recently, to
institute a system of things which looks to the
extinction of serfage throughout his entire 8o-
minions. Strange, indeed, are those changes
which time and events bring about. The very
people, once so abject as to make their national
name in after times a synonym with servitude,
have become powerful and the owners oT vasts
numbers of slaves; and in the plenitude of that
power have resolved that slavery or serfage shall
exist no longer among them. Why, then,should
we, at this day, carry on this war of " words
We are concerned about things, no matter by what
word or form of words those things are repre-
sented. 1 think we may as safely call that relation
of a slave to his owner property, as to give the
name of property to' afty other thing which by
law a man may buy and sell. Whether you call
a slave property or a person, you do not change
the nature of his relation to his owner; you do
not alter his condition, nor your obligation to ac-
knowledge it by one or the other form of defini-
tion. It is enough to know that whether rightly
called property or persons owing labor, the Con-
stitution declares that if they escape from him to
whom their labor is due by the laws of any State,
they may be followed, reclaimed, and skall be
delivered up. An alleged opposition to the law,
founded on the clause in the Constitution to which
I have referred, forms one of the complaints of
the South against the North.
As I have before stated, the law of the United
States in question has devolved upon the courts
of the United States exclusive power to adminis-
ter and execute it. It has been declared con-
stitutional by those courts. It follows that it is
paramount m authority, either to the law of a
State or the constitution of a State; and nothing
therefore which controverts it, either m the or-
ganic law or in the legislative acts of a State, is
worth more, as an instrumentality in preventing
you from recovering your fugitive slave, than so
much blank paper bound up in the legislative
archives of any State. It will not do, therefore,
Mr. Speaker, for us to suppose that gentlemen of
the South, intelligent men of the South, lawyers
of the South, statesmen of the South, have ever
in their own minds considered that this supposed
conflict of laws furnishes a sufficient cause for
disrupting the bonds of mutual good will and
brotherly regard which grew naturally out of the
Constitution and the union of these States.
It has been sometimes said—and is indistinctly
referred to in the President's message this year—
that the northern newspaper press has emitted
publications which, when circulated in the South,
have a tendency to excite domestic insurrection.
It must be obvious to every one thatagainst these
wrongs it becomes every State to guard itself.
First, I hold it to be the duty of every free State
in the Union to suppress any publication, de-
signed to be circulated in the South or North
with the intent to create domestic insurrection. It
is the plain duty of every State to suppress such
publications, and to punish their authors.
I am well aware that I tread on dangerousground
when I treat of the proper line to be drawn be-
tween the freedom and the licentiousness of the
press. I know how prone have been the rulers
m other countries to use this dangerous power im-
properly; still, under proper restrictions, while
the jury is left free to determine the intent, whether
good or bad, with which a book or paperis writ-
ten or published, no good citizen is likely to suf-
fer from the principle I propose.
I hold that every political association calling
itself a Government has the rightful power to pro-
tect its own peace, and by proper means to pre-
serve itself from destruction. In a form of Gov-
ernment such as ours, where all the laws are en-
acted by persons elected by a majority of all the
people, any publication made with the express in-
tention to excite forcible opposition, to the laww,
involving in its consequences all the dangers of
civil war, should be regarded as a crime and so
treated, and its author and publisher punished
accordingly.
We are indebted to the labors of Lord Erskine,
in England, for the establishment of the true and
safe rule on this subject. The publication must
be such as would necessarily fend to excite domes-
tic insurrection, and it must be written or pub-
lished with the wicked intent to produce insui reo-
tion; of these the jury should be left to judge.
