5K
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
36th Ccsg....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Gorwin.
Ho. o® Reps.
Thus, while press and tongue are left perfectly
free to exert all their powers to reform abuses or
promote great public purposes, both are only re-
, quired to so exert their powers and faculties as
not to promote the destruction of all government;
at least, not to intend to d,o it. What sort of cit-
izen is he, who, having these easy remedies for
the safeguard of.all his rights, instead of appeal-
ing to the-judgment of mankind in careful and
well-considered articles, will publish an article or
utter a speech with the intent to excite insurrec-
tion against those laws, made by the suffrages of
ftl the people? God knows I "would be the last
man in the world who would do anything that
sljould prevent the freedom of speech, for that is
the only freedom I have ever known. But if there
is any feature that distinguishes this Government
fromothers—theautocracy ofRussia, oreven con-
stitutional monarchy—it is, that hero the people,
by their chosen representatives,make all the laws,
State and Federal. For this reason, he who un-
dertakes to put down the laws thus made, by in-
cendiary publications, instead of asking the people
to vote upon the subject as he himself would vote
upon it—willfully and wickedly excites to domes-
tic insurrection, and should be punished as an
enemy to the public peace.
I here dismiss that part of the general subject,
not doubting that the good sense of the people of
the States will, by proper enactments at the proper
time, secure us against the evils complained of. I
think it has been shown, to the satisfaction of
every gentleman, that if any law has been passed
by any State intended to impede any southern
man in the recapture of one of those persons who
owe labor to him—in other words, in the recov-
ery of his property—such law is totally void; it
is a mere ineffectual attempt by a State, if it
intends any such thing, to lift lip its puny arm
against the strong and gigantic power of that Con-
stitution of the United States which declares that
all laws made in pursuance of that instrument
shall be regarded as paramount to State constitu-
tions and State laws. Such a law never could
have injured any of them. It never has. It never
will- 1 know how slow southern men are to be-
lieve our declarations; I know how utterly desti-
tute they are of all correct information 111 regard
to the feelings of the North; I know the preju-
dices they entertain against our population; I
have heard the unparalleled and fearful expres-
sions of them in this Hall during the last two
years; I have seen too plainly, fiomthe newspa-
per press of the South, how feelings and ideas
dangerous to the peace of the country have been
instilled into the minds of the masses of the peo-
ple of that section.
Mr. Speaker, what next is presented to the
consideration of this House? It has been the
constant effort of one class of politicians, at both
the North and the South, to induce the people of
the South to believe that a political party, calling
itself Republican, when it shall have atuuned the
command of the Congress of the United States,
when it shall have command of the executive
department, and shall have molded, in some
way, the Supremo Court of the United States
and the subordinate United States courts, that
then, by some means, which have never been
explained, it would use the power of the Federal
Government to march over the Constitution and
seize the property of the slave States. This need
not be denied. The press of the South, the mys-
terious voices which have been uttered in this Hall
for the last three years, show that this is the
meaning of southern men when they speak of the
dangers to bo apprehended from the predomi-
nance of that Republican party. This is not in-
ferred from any thing which that party has avowed
—not from any specific principles which it has
adopted—but simply because you believe that,
ultimately, the great Abolition party, which you
always magnify in your imagination to fifty or '
a hundred times beyond its proper proportions,
will obtain the control of the Republican party.
How are we to disabuse your minds of that idea ■
How? The Constitution of the United States no
more gives to Congress, or to the President, or
to the courts, power over slavery in the States
where it exists, than itgives them power to regu-
late the policy of the British empiie in India.
But you have assumed that the wicked inten-
tions of that party, pervading the legislative de-
partment, shown in its election of an Executive,
and finally permeating and'poisomng the fountains
of justice in our courts, would overleap all con-
stitutional impediments. I ask you if that is not
an event so utterly improbable that it would have
been wise to have waited for the consummation
of those evils attributed to the Republican party,
rather than to have anticipated an event which I
shdi show you is utterly impossible, even under
the existing Constitution. Some historian, writ-
ing a thousand years hence, will look back on this
period of our history, and will come to the conclu-
sion that the great experiment on this continent,
which was intended to demonstrate that man was
capable of self-government, was near a total fail-
ure at this time; and one of his proofs would be
the very insanity—I can call it nothing else—'
which the people of the country have exhibited
touching this question of slavery.
Now, if I may be permitted to address myself,
not to the House, but to that portion of the Blouse
which represents the South, I would ask any of
you, gentlemen, to describe to me how it would
be possible for the Republican party, or any party
that might entertain so foolish and unconstitu-
tional a design as that which you have attributed
to us, to accomplish their purpose? You would
reply, that, when two thirds of both branches of
Congress aie in favor of it, they can propose to
the people of the States an alteration of the Con-
stitution, whereby Congress shall have power
over this subject of slavery in the States. That
may be. But what sort of change would it require
in your political system and relations to give to
an anti-slavery party two thirds of both branches
of Congress' There are now fifteen slave States
in the Union. There may be another one next
year. In order to bring about the accomplish-
ment of the wicked design which you say is so
certain, and to prevent which States sever their
connections with the Government, and plunge
themselves into anarchy, and, itmay be, into the
bloody whirlpool of civil war, there must be forty-
five States in the Union.
Before, therefore,you can get two thirds of both
branches of Congress to agree to that change of
the Constitution, while fifteen slave States remain,
and while you stand firm to your rights and your
duties, there must be thiity free States in the
Union, all concurring m that diabolical attempt
to change the whole structure of your Govern-
ment. You have now eighteen States, called free.
To get to the number of two thirds of both branches
of Congress, that would ever rccommcnd such a
change to the other States of the Union, you must
have twelve more free States added to those eigh-
teen free States. I appeal to every man upon this
floor to say whether he really does believe that,
m the lifetime of the youngest child, born but yes-
terday, such a state of tilings will ever bo pre-
sented in this Republic? Where will you get
these States from ? Can you make twelve new
States out of any territory that you now have?
Nobody believes it possible. No sane man be-
lieves it possible or probable. The very first step
that you say is sure to be taken, requires that
which it is utterly impossible, with our present
territorial dimensions, ever to accomplish.
But you say you must acquire other territory;
and you gravely sit down here in the halls of
legislation, in the only successful Republic that
has yet appeared, in our form, 011 the face of the
earth, and distribute among yourselves the do-
minions of neighboring States, while you are
about to break in pieces you own Government
because you cannot agree as to the occupation of
your present domain. You are looking toward
Mexico, and Nicaragua, and Brazil, to determine
what you will do with all their territory when
you get it while you are not sure, you will have
a government to which these could be ceded.
But suppose two thirds of Congress do rccom-
mcnd the changc: what then is the Constitution
and the law ? Three fourths of tlie States must
agree to these amendments of the Constitution
before they become vjtlid. Now, there are fifteen
slave States which will never agree to it. Con-
sequently, while those fifteen remain, you must
have forty-five free States to overcome them. And ;
yet, with all the intelligence of this country, with !
&4,000,000,000 of property depending upon it, i
people have been led to adopt a view so utterly
absurd in the very nature of things, so absurd
and unreasonable, that no reasoning can be ap-
plied to it. So singularly wild is it, that it seems
nothing more or less than one of those rare and
fantastical forms of madness to which reason can
have no application. But the patient North, the
peace-loving North, the law-abiding North, has
come now and offered to you that, if you have a
doubton this subject; ifyou can believe that there
are to be twelve more free States in the Union
that would recommend such a change in the Con-
stitution; ifyou believe that you can have twenty-
two more free States in the Union, so that three
fourths of all the States will authorize such change;
if you believe anything of that kind; if your
slumbers are disturbed by it; if the harmony and
good will which you bore to those abused breth-
ren of yours in the North, has given place to
any feeling of enmity , we will do away with that
enmity, and render it utterly impossible that the
right of property in a man who owes labor or
service to another shall be interfered with by the
North. This committee, determined to leave noth-
ing unattempted which held out promise of peace,
have come to the conclusion that they will rec-
ommend now to all the States of the Union to
change this Constitution of ours on that very sub-
ject, so that there shall never be a project to in-
terfere with slavery in the States, originating in
any free State; and that if anything of the kind
is ever suggested, it shall come from a slave State,
and shall never be adopted until the individual
action of every State in the Union, north and
south, shall be had agreeing to it.
Theidea of a determination to interfere with sla-
very in the States has been fastened on the minds of
the masses of the South; and acting on it, they are
now endeavoring to break up the only Republic
that can exist, as far as we know, on the face of
the earth. Out of the anomalies of our time there
will be some day written a strange chapter in his-
tory. The North American Republic, maddened
by an idle fancy, acts upon that figment of ima-
gination as veritable fact, and the pangs of disso-
lution lay hold of her. In this very paroxysm
the instincts of her former palmy days are upon
her. She turns her eye 111 intervals of rest to fu-
ture acquisition, and insists upon providing for it
in the very Constitution which, in her fits of de-
lirium, she tears into fragments. Herself about
to die, she still covets the lands of her neighbor,
Mexico. Nqw turn to Mexico—-young, weak,
but still struggling Mexico. Forforty years she
has been striving to imitate us. The red cloud of
war that, with rare intervals, had enveloped her,
has, within the last month, parted its folds, and
disclosed the star of peace. Religious despotism,
it is said, has received its death wound there
Constitutional government, bringing with it lib-
erty regulated by law, is likely to be at last real-
ized in Mexico. That for which she has fought
forty years is hers. That which we have enjoyed
for twice that length of time we arc about to tram-
ple under foot as a worthless thing. The evils
that have crushed, and oppressed, and broken
downthe unhappy people of Mexico, are about
to be adopted by us, to whom she has looked as
a model forstabihty in the execution of the laws,
stability 111 public sentiment, enlightened, as it is
supposed to be, by a ficc press, controlled by an
enlightened, educated, brave, industrious, and
religious people.
I said, Mr. Speaker, that I did not propose
to enter jnto general discussion. There are some
subjects, however, so tempting that one cannot
avoid pausing in the logical course of argument,
to step aside and survey for a moment the beauty
or barrenness of the landscapes that present
themselves along the heretofore untraveled road,
which we are obliged to tread to-day.
And now, Mr. Speaker, a very few words on
one other topic, and I have done: I allude to the
proposition we have submitted for the admission
of New Mexico into the Union as a State. The
present census will show the amount of the pop-
ulation now existing in what are called the free
States, and in all the territory north of that magic
line of 36° 30'. It will also show with convenient
accuracy the population, slave and free, existing
in the southern States and the Territory of New
Mexico, lying south of latitude 3G° 30'. This
