658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
remain after the admission of Minnesota, of Ore-
gon, of California, and of Kansas? One million
sixty-thiee thousand fire hundred and seven
square miles, an area twenty-four times that of
the State of New York, the largest of the old and
fully developed States. Twenty-four such States
as this of New York are yet to be organized
within the remaining Territories of the United
States. Now, under what is accepted by the
Administration of the Government as u judicial
decree, upheld by it, putin practical operation by
it, every inch of that territory is slave territory
—I speak of that decision, not as I acccpt it, but
as it is accepted and enforced by the existing
Administration—every foot of it slave territory
as much as South Carolina. Over a considerable
portion of it a slave code, made by a government
created by the Congress of the United States, is
enforced; so that, according to the claims of those
who insist upon a right in the territory of the
United States for slavery, the whole of this one
million sixty-three thousand square miles is slave
territory. How many slaves are there in it?
How many have been brought into it during
these twelve years m which it has been not
only relinquished to slavery, but in which the
court and the Legislature and the Administration
have maintained, protected, defended, and guar-
antied slavery there ? Twenty-four African slaves;
one slave for every forty-four thousand square
miles, one slave for every one of the twenty-four
States which, supposing tlicm each to be of the
dimensions of New York, or Pennsylvania, or In-
diana, are to cover that portion of the area of our
Republic. Sir, I have followed this thing in good
faith, with zeal and energy; but I confess that 1
have 110 fears of slavery now, where, in the pecu-
liar condition of things which has existed, slavery
has succeeded in planting only one slave upon
every forty-four thousand square miles of terri-
tory .
This, then, has ceased to be a piactical ques-
tion. In lieu of it comes up a great and vital and
fearful question—the question of Union or of dis-
solution of tile Union; the question of country or
of no country; the question of hope, the question
of greatness, or the question of sinking forever
under the contempt of mankind. Why, then,
should I despair that a great people of thirty
million will be able to meet this crisis? I have
no fear. This is a Confederacy. It is not an
impeiial Government, nor the government of a
single State; it is a Confederacy; and it is, as it
ought to be, dependent upon the continued assent
of all the members of the Confederacy to its ex-
istence, and subject to dissolution by their action;
but that assent is to be always taken by virtue of
the original assent, and held until, in the form pre-
scribed by the Constitution itself, and in the time
and m the manner and with all tile conditions which
the Constitution prescribes, those who constitute
the Union shall declare that it shall be 110 longer.
The thirty days and sixty days and ninety days
given us by the disunionists may not be enough
for their policy and their purposes. I hope and
trust that it may be time enough for the policy
and purposes of the lovers of the Union. God
grant that it may be so! But if this term shall
turn out not to be enough, then I see how and
when all these great controversies will be settled,
just as our forefathers foresaw when they framed
the Constitution. They provided, seventy years
ago, that this present controversy, this whole con-
troveisy, shall be submitted to the people of the
United States in convention, called according to
the forms of the Constitution, and acting in the
manner prescribed by it. Then, sir, this coun-
try will find sudden relief in the prompt and unan-
imous adoption of the measures necessary for its
(salvation, and the world will see how well and
how wisely a great, enlightened, educated, Chris-
tian people, consisting of thirty-four sovereign
States, can adjust difficulties which had seemed,
even to themselves as well as to mankind, to be
insurmountable.
Mr. MASON and Mr. PESSENDEN ad-
dressed tile Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) What disposition will the Senator
make of the petition}
Mr. SEWAltD. I move that the petition be
laid on the table.
Mr. MASON. I move that it be printed. I
believe I have the floor. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
who has the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia. The motion to print will neces-
sarily go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MASON. I move that the petition be
printed—a motion that I shall probably withdraw
after I have concluded the very few remarks that
I desire to make.
The petition, as I understand, Mr. President,
has not been read, and so far as I heard the hon-
orable Senator who introduced it, I am not aware
that he stated what the substance of the petition
was. We have been told, however, through the
public journals, that such a petition was to be pre-
sented, the substance being to recommend to the
Congress of the United States such amendments
to the Constitution as might preserve the Union,
or restore it, somewhat upon the basis of those
offered by tlic Senator from Kentucky. In the
remarks made by the honorable Senator who in-
troduced it—if I am wrong, he will correct me—
he did not advert to these recommendations of the
petitioners.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the honorable Senator
was not in his place when I rose to present the
petition. I sent it to the Clerk's desk, and the
Clerk read a paper which was submitted by the
committee who have charge of the memorial, in
which they recommended, with some modifica-
tions, what are called the border-State proposi-
tions,
Mr. MASON. I was not in the Chamber at
the moment the petition was presented, hut I in-
quired of one near me whether the petition had
been read. It seems I was not at fault; the res-
olutions, I understand, that were adopted at the
meeting of the committee, were read.
But what I was about to remark, Mr. Presi-
dent, was, that at this time, when the Govern-
ment is in proecss of disintegration, when there
are six States which have separated themselves
from the Union, as they say finally and forever;
when other States, not yet separated, are arming
themselves—arming upon a large, scale; when my
own State appropnated, twelve months ago, in
expectation of what seems now to be occurring,
the very large stun from a State treasury, m ad-
vance, of $500,000 to purchase arms to arm her
people; when lierc, within a few days, another
appropriation was made of §1,000,000 for the same
purpose, to anil her people; when we find that
other States have done the same thing; when we
find, in my own State and in other States, also,
that the people are arming themselves, that the
counties and the towns, exercising their municipal
authority, are raising money upon the credit of
the counties and the towns to arm the people;
when thatstato of things is going on and the pub-
lic mind is engaged, in those of the slave States
that have not yet separated, and in some of the
free States, in devising a possible mode by which
the American mind can again be united in a com-
mon Government, what do we hear from the hon-
orable Senator from New York? What do we
hear from that Senator who occupies the position
before the country which is occupied by that
Senator, acknowledged at the head of the political
combinations which are to bring into power the
incoming Administration, said, through the news-
paper press, to be the probable right hand of the
new Administration ? What do we hear from
that honorable Senator? Any suggestions from
such a quarter, a quarter of such weight, as to
what he will recommend to the majority of the
States, in order to meet the demands, be theyjust
or unjust, of the slave States? None. Any re-
mark approving or disapproving of propositions
that are before the country, and arc before Con-
gress, for amending the Constitution in this re-
gard? None. We know what his opinions are
upon the resolution offered by the venerable
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
who sits before me; not by his declarations, but
by his votes—his votes uniform and continuous.
We know what his views are in the negative.
What are his views in the affirmative? We know
them. He gave an affirmative vote a few days
since, ill this Chamber, rejecting the propositions
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky, and
substituting in their place those presented by the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark;] and what were they ? Propositions de-
claring, m substance, that the Constitution needed
no amendment; that the demands of the southern
States were, in the language of the resolution,
"unreasonable," and that the only remedy for
the condition of things in the country was to en-
force the Constitution and the laws. That is the
affirmative view of the honorable Senator from
New York.
Now, sir, howis it elaborated ? Why, the hon-
orable Senator, amidst the maze of generalities
which marked his speech—and it was a maze, and
a misty one—in that general haze of generalities,
did march up to the line and tell us what his pol-
icy was; and I assume it is to be the policy of
those whom he has so aided to bring into power.
What was it? His recommendation to those gen-
tlemen who have sent this enormous petition here,
notadopting their views, not looking to any amend-
ment to the Constitution whatsoever, is given in
four distinct propositions of what is to be the pol-
icy of those whom he is to lead, if history does
not misuniform us, after the 4th of March next.
What is it ? He recommends them, when they
go home, to employ themselves in the great work
of restoring the breaches that have been made in
the Government. How? Why, said he, speak
for the Union. That is the first. Next, vote for
the Union. That is the second great measure.
What is the third? Give money for the Union.
And the last? Fight for the Union. These are
the four measures proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York to heal this gaping breach
in the Government.
I can understand, Mr. President, what the'Sen-
ator means when he recommends to his constitu-
ents to speak for the Union; we have had a great
deal of that; I can understand what he means
when he recommends them to vote for the Union,
because he coupled it with a recommendation that
they should go into State convention; but I de-
mand to know what he means by their contrib-
uting money for the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. I will explain to the honorable
Senator, if he wishes. During the present ses-
sion ofCongress, the Government of this Union has
seen a sudden depreciation of its credit. From one
condition of things which existed a year or two ago,
when all the stocks of the Union were at a pre-
mium, they have fallen until recently, at one time,
the credit of the Union was at a discount of thirty
per cent., while the credit of the State of New
York, oil her six per cent, stock, all the while
commands a premium. The commercial com-
munity, who to-day petition Congress, have the
treasure of the commercial city in their keeping.
I have recommended to these gentlemen here pub-
licly, as I have heretofore recommended to them
privately, that they should advance to the Union
money on loans and on Treasury notes, as they
are now furnishing in that way to the Union the
funds with which the President of the United
States, the Departments, the Congress, the courts,
yourself and myself, the Senator from Viiginia,
the Army, Navy, and every other branch of the
Government, is actually sustained. I have rec-
ommended to them, in this crisis, that they sus-
tain the Government of their country with the
credit to which it is entitled at their hands.
Mr. MASON. I presumed that that was the
use intended to be made of the money which the
Senator advised his constituents to contribute to
the Union. I did not, in my own mmd, do the
honorable Senator the injustice to believe that he
proposed, with the money which was to be con-
tributed, to subsidize or to debauch the southern
States. I had no such view. I took it for granted
that the money was to sustain the Army which
was to conduct the fight that he recommends to
his people.
Mr, SEWARD. Mr.President, the honorable
Senator, I am sure, docs not mean to do me injustice.
Mr. MASON. Certainly not; and if the hon-
orable Senator wishes to correct me, I yield with
great pleasure.
Mr. SEWARD. I contemplated, sir, after the
expiration of all the multitudinous trials that are
making to save this Union by compromise, a con-
vention of the people of the United States, called
i'n constitutional form; and when that shall have
bcep'fteld, or refused to be held, and found to be
impossible to obtain; if then, this Union is to stand
or fall by the force of arms, I have advised my
people to do, as I shall be ready to do myself:
stand in the breach, and stand with it or perish
with it. [Applause in the galleries.]
