1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
75
36th Cons....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Corivin.
Ho. 03? Keps.
Territory is now the groat battle-field on which
the South and North meet in wicked, foolish,
fratricidal strife.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it has often been said by
the South, that they have not their fair propor-
tion of the lands of the United States. If they
have not, I ask who is to blame for it? Grant
this to be true in fact, which I do not: is there
any portion of the northern or free States where
any man can desire to establish, as an institution,
slave labor? I think not. If gentlemen of the
South will look at the map, and mark that por-
tion of it which is occupied by what is called
"free labor," they will see that there is not'one
foot of it to which it would be profitable to carry
slavery. Whose fault is this? Will you blame
the Almighty Maker of the world, because, in
establishing the climates of this continent, He
did not place these northern States and Territo-
ries near enough to the sun to make slave labor
Erofitablc there? The northern people arc not to
lame for the character of the climate in which
they live. The North is not to blame because
the country is adapted to corn-fields and wheat-
fields, and buffalo-pastures, north of 36° 30'.
Nor do we of the North arraign southern people
because the territory south of that line is suitable
for sheep-folds, cotton, rice, and sugar planta-
tions. Will gentlemen of the South make war
upon the North because the Creator of all worlds,
in fashioning this one on which we live, and
making it fit to be inhabited by his creatures,
white or black, guided by infinite wisdom, has
made more territory in our country profitable
for free labor than that which is suited to the
labor of the slave ?
Rut you say there is a portion of this territory
which it would be well to devote to slave labor.
You want New Mexico, which lies south of this
line of 36° 30'. New Mexico, you say, belongs
to you. Take it! Take it! You do not claim,
in .my of the propositions which have been sub-
mitted, to occupy with slave labor any territory
except that which lies south of 36° 30'. Take it!
1 repeat, take it! Will that satisfy you? Will
you then be content? Alas ! I fear you will not.
Why I fear you will not, I do not wish now to
explain. You know there is a radical difference of
opinion recently—it was not always so—between
lawyers, touching slavery and its rights in the
Territories. For about sixty yeais they all enter-
tained the same views upon this subject; but re-
cently it is unfortunately otherwise, it is now said
that slavery exists m all our Territories, and that it
is the duty of this Government to protect it there by
laws enacted for that purpose. It is the duty of
the Federal Government, whenever there shall be
a domestic insurrection in a slave State, to sup-
press it, and for that purpose the militia of all the ■
States may be brought into the field, if necessary.
Whenever that event shall take place, the con-
stitutional obligation to protect slavery will then
devolve upon us all, North and South; and you
will find that thousands of men from the North
will fly with as much alacrity as the chivalry of
the South to quell that insurrection. You know
they would. If you do not, you are ignorant,
totally ignorant, of the real character of the peo-
ple of the North. To that extent the Constitution
binds us to protect slavery. But we have not
supposed that slavery did exist in all the Terri-
tories by virtue of the Constitution. We have
regarded slavery as confined to States; we have
.regarded it as the offspring of State legislation—
as the child of State constitutions and State laws.
What, then, shall we do with New Mexico?
This committee has provided that we shall do prr-
< isely what it is now competent for Congress to do,
and what would put <mi end to the issues which
divide us concerning the jurisdiction of Congress
over the people there. Let it become a State and
form its own institutions. Now, the question is
submitted to us all, why may not that be done?
If we eamiotagiccaboutthe legal right of the Gov-
ernment to do this or that, about the legal right of
a man to carry Ins slave everywhere, let us drop the
legal question; and since there is probably an irrec-
oncilable difference between the North and South
as to the powers and duties of Congress over sla-
very in the Territories, I propose to take all the ter-
ritory southof 36°30'aiui admit itasaStatcatoncc i
into the Union. This is all the territory claimcd j
by the South. It must very soon become a State,
and then all agree it may elect to have slavery or
reject it. Let this be done now. If the people
shall ordain slavery in their constitution, the
organic law of 1850 declares they may do so, and
be admitted, to use the language of the act of 1850,
"with or without slavery.*' If they should prohibit
slavery, they have only exerted a light of which
they never can be deprived; and the South will
submit, I doubt not, without a murmur.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will be allowed to proceed to finish his re-
marks.
Mr. WINSLOW. I objcct to any departure
from the rules. There are many members of the
House who desire to speak upon these proposi-
tions.
Mr. HATTON. Would it be in order to move
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Adrain
temporarily in the chair.) It would.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move to suspend the
rules, to enable the gentleman to go on.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. I hope the rule will
be made uniform, and the hour rule abolished,
so long as the debate upon these propositions
continues.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
on the motion to suspend the rules; which the
Chair decides to be in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order.
There is already a motion to suspend the rules,
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Florence] on last Monday; and until that motion
is determined, I hold no other motion to suspend
the rules is in order. Two motions to suspend
the rules cannot be before the House at the same
time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] has the floor, and no gentleman has the right
'to take it from him for the purpose of moving a
suspension of the rules.
Mr. CLEMENS. My colleague yielded in
order that amotion to suspend the rules might be
submitted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If thegcntlcman
from Virginia chooses to do so, lie can yield for
a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Has the gentleman
from Virginia yielded?
Mr. CLEMENS. He did.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question to the gentleman from Virginia.
Docs the gentleman from Vugima yield the floor
for a motion to suspend the i uh.s, in order that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Coiiwin] may be
permitted to finish his remarks?
Mr. MILLSON. I hope that there will be no
objection made to the request of the gentleman
from Ohio, as the House has lately very often
extended the courtesy to members to continue
their remarks beyond the hour allotted to them.
I understand that he only desires about fifteen
minutes more to finish his remarks. That has
lately been granted to many gentlemen; and 1
hope it will be granted to the gentleman from
Ohio by unanimous consent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I concur in there-
marks of the gentleman from Virginia, and trust
that no objection will come from my side of the
House. I object, however, to the decision of the
Cluur; and if it be insisted on, I will be com-
pelled to take an appeal from it.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and it was agreed to; and there-
upon Mr. Corwin was granted leave to conclude
his speech.
Air. CORWIN. I thank the House cordially
for the indulgence thus extended to me, and will
promise not to abuse it.
Mr. Speaker, i hope the House will bear with
mil while i explain to them—what perhaps may
not have been made apparent as yet—the present
condition of the Territory of Nrw Mexico. ^We
all know that when the organic law for that Tcr-
utory was enacted by Congress, we were verg-
ing to the very condition in which we are unhap-
pily now placed. It was for the purpose of
establishing peace among the States of the Union,
for the purpose of restoring the harmony and
concord of the States, that the law of 1850 was
passed, organizing, among others, the Territory
of Now Mexico. It was enacted by that law that
the Territorial Legislature should enact laws for
the government of the Territory, should report
them to Congress, and if Congress should dis-
approve of them, they should be null and void.
It follows, from a proper construction of that
statute, therefore, that, until both branches of
Congress shall disapprove of that law of New
Mexico which was enacted in 1859, establishing
slavery in that country-, slavery will be the con-
dition t>f New Mexico. This, sir, must remain
her condition until, by a vote of the Senate con-
curring with a vote of the House, that law shall
be annulled.
I ask gentlemen, as a matter of fact, what is
likely to happen in respect to that Territory?
How long will it be before you can command a
majority of votes in the Senate ? While the States
are bound by their allegiance to the Union, and
found in their places in that great convocation
of sovereign States, how long will it be before
you can get a vote which will annul that law of
New Mexico ? I shall not answer this question.
I know that it is subject to be answered variously
by minds which entertain various views of the
future. Be that as it may, we are bound by a
law acted on by a Territorial Legislature in the
exercise of the powers given to it. It has, under
theauthority of the Congress of the United States*,
established slavery in New Mexico, and it exists
there this day by a law as powerful as any law
which can be made. If that portion of our vacant
territory which lies south of 36° 30' be, as it cer-
tainly is, the only portion of the United States
where you wish to establish the institution of
slavery, why not, then, take up this territory, form
it into a State, and admit it? Then the strife is
forever ended. It is inhabited by people who,
only a year ago, established slavery there. Let
them vote on their organic law, and comc into the
Union with or without slavpry, as the law of 1850
permits. Thus you will remove forever this fear-
ful fire-brand which, if applied to your temple of
freedom, will require something more, I fear, than
the patiiotism and wisdom of the present genera-
tion to extinguish. Why not cast from you this
apple of discord? This is all the territory of the
United States which, you pretend, is adapted to
slave labor. It is all we can give you; and it is
much more likely that, eight or ten years from
this time, it will be less difficult to establish free
States than to extend slavery there.
Some have said, some doubtless believe, that
the people of that Territory arc not sufficiently
educated in the principles of free government to
carry on a State government. I do not think it
quite modest or proper*for us at this time to in-
dulge in any harsh criticism on the ability of men
anywhere to govern themselves. I am willing to
! trust the old Mexican and the old Spaniard of that
! country; and the peon too. Let me say a word
! about the peon. I myself regarded the system of
| peonage as a great abuse until 1 came to inquire
I into it. I have fully understood it from gentlemen
who have administered justice as "judges in the
courts ofNewMexico. I findthatitisa voluntary
contract entered into by one freeman to woik a
given length of time for another freeman; and
instead of giving damages when the contracting
party violates that contract, it is the law of that
Territory to enforce the execution of the contract
specifically. That is the whole of the system of
j * peonage.
II i have no doubt, from the long continuance of
ij that system of labor by contract, that it is very
'! well adapted to the condition of that people; and,
|l under our judicial system, cannot be greatly
\ abused. It is their mode of labor. Instead of
|| giving damages on the contract, when the hired
j< man refuses to perform his part of it, instead of
pui suing him with a constable and writs of exe-
i| cuuoo, selling his cow, and starving his children
for the want of milk, the court says to the hired
i, man, ''Work out honestly; fulfill the letter of
! your contract; and if this man, for whom you
have contracted to labor, and who has advanced
