660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understood that that sub-
ject was to go over by common consent until this
petition was disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this special
order the Senator from California [Mr. Latham]
has the floor. Does the Senator from Illinois
make a motion in regard to it?
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will certainly yield any
right 1 have to the floor; but I wish it understood
that I do not waive the right to speak after this
debate shall have been concluded.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I yield to the Senator from
New York.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall detain the Senate but
a moment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have been
surprised at the delusion which the honorable
Senator from Virginia has been able to practice
upon himself, and to make outofaspecch, peace-
ful, fraternal, cordial, such as I have made, a dec-
laration of war. I caanot account for it, how it
is that, while his sense of honor remains so clear
and bright, as I confess with pleasure it does—
he avoids by design personalities which might
irritate—his judgment is, somehow or other, so
under the influence of his passion that he can see
nothing but war in a spoech winch proposes sim-
ply this: that since this Union is in danger, every
other question shall be subordinate to the consid-
eration and the removal of that danger by the
pacific, constitutional action of the American
people, by speech first, by vote, by consultation,
by supplying and maintaining the credit of the
Government, and, in the last alternative, after
having exhausted all the existing means of set-
tlement, and all others that might be suggested;
and, finally, after a constitutional convention of
the United States, called in the forms of the Con-
stitution, then td stand by this good old flag, and,
if if is to fall from its eminence, be wrapped in its
folds.
Sir, that honorable Senator could have recol-
lected that I came into (he committee of thirteen;
that I listened to every proposition that was made;
that I gave it deliberate—will any one say it was
not fraternal?—consideration. Will any one say
that [ offered no prejudices, no concessions, to pro-
pitiate an arrangement? Which one ofall the prop-
ositions that have been made have I refused to
consider? None. When I have voted to substi-
tute a constitutional provision for the settlement
of this question, such as that which was offered
by the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark,] in preference to the proposition
which requires us to take, in an unconstitutional
and ineffectual way, the sentiments of the people
on the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, did I do it in a spirit otherwise than
that which belongs to a representative of the pco-
plewho seeks concessions ? In legard to this very
proceeding of the honorable Senator's State which
he so pioudly commends, and in teuns to which
I respond, have 1 not recommended to my own
State, and is it not acting, in sending commis-
sioners to meet the other States in that conven-
tion ? Does not the honorable Senator know that
the State of New York stands ready to hear and
consider every plan, whether within the forms of
the Constitution or without them, to settle this
question peacefully and without resoit to the
sword, and that 1 am with the State of New York
in that action ? It is simply because I have learned
from the interest in which—the honorable Senator
will excuse mc for saying—I understood him to
speak, that neither any suggestion that has been
made yet and considered, nor any that that con-
vention can make and consider and submit, orany
other that has yet been projected, will be satis-
factory to that interest of secession or disunion in
which interest he speaks. I then have submitted
alone that further one: that when all these have
failed, ihen the Statesof this Union, according to
the forms of the Constitution, and in the spnit
in which it was made, shall take up this contio-
versy about twenty-four negro slaves scattered
over a territory of one million fifty thousand
square miles, and say whether, with the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, they are willing to
sacrifice all this liberty, all this greatness,alfthis
happincss,and all this hope, because they have not
intelligence, wisdom, and virtue enough to adjust
a controversy so frivolous and contemptible.
Mr. MASON. I will yield the floor in an in-
stant to the Senator from Illinois. I do not know
by what authority the Senator from New York
says that I speak in a certain interest.
Mr SEWARD. 1 certainly should bo very
sorry if I have said anything unkind or disre- !
spectful to the honorable Senator—[Mr. Mason1. !
" Not atall."]— because the relations between him j
and myself, especially his bearing on this occa- !i
sion, forbid me to do so. I understand the hon- \
orable Senator to speak in the interest, that is, in
behalf of—I will withdraw the word " interest"—
but in behalf of, sympathy for, those citizens in
several of the States who have availed themselves
of the power of the States to pass ordinances of
secession, with the intention not again to come
into the Union of the United States, if they can
prevent it. I beg the honorable Senator's pardon
if I have misunderstood him. I hope he will not
be excited by that.
Mr. MASON. There is nothing at all to ex-
citc in what the honorable Senator meant, or m
his language. I only wanted to know h rAV ho
ascribed to me the position of speaking in any par-
ticular interest. Now, the honorable Senator, as
I understand him, means to assume that there are
those who desire, as a preferable condition of the
country, a separation of these States; butthehon-
orable Senator has no authority on earth to class
me among them. 1 am speaking, sir, in the in-
terests of the State of Virginia, as I understand
them as her Senator; and 1 am speaking upon that
class of opinions which I know belong to Virginia,
and certainly belong to me, that we will never re-
main as constituents of this Confederacy unless
there arc provided, in some mode, guarantees that
shall be effectual, beyond doubt, for the preser-
vation of those rights that arc necessary to our
safety and to our honor.
Why, sir, the honorable Senator knows that
the State of Virginia, upon a great and most dis-
turbing cause ofdiffei enee between the States, has
made a distinct proposition, and has said in lan-
guage, repudiating anything like diplomacy, that
it is one which Virginia would accept. That is
her language. She has made a distinct proposi-
tion upon this question of slavery in the Territo-
ries, so that Senators are not uninformed of what
one of the States, at least, would be satisfied with
m reference to tins disputed question of slavery
in the Terntoiies.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator fioni Vir-
ginia allow me to ask what proposition they have
put forward to settle this question ?
Mr. MASON. Why, sir, it is in the resolu-
tions, submitted here the other day with the Pres-
ident's message, of the General Assembly of Vir-
ginia, so far as they can speak the sentiments of
Virginia, in the present crisis. Virginia has said,
in reference to this question of dispute and of
difference m the Territories, that she would accept
of guarantees in some proper form, providing for
this dividing line, east and west, of 3G° 30', to run
through all Territoriesnow possessed, and all sub-
sequently acquired; and would agree—and I think
it is a very great concession on her part—that in-
voluntary servitude should be prohibited north of
the line, upon condition that slavery should be
recognized south of that line, and protected Uy
Federal law. Thatis her proposition, with another
condition: that persons from the slaveholding
States should have the right of transitthrough the
States not holding slaves, under guarantees of se-
curity for their pioperty while in them. Those
are distinct propositions.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I understood the
honorable Senator to say the other day, he would
not accept the propositions of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, with a proviso that they
should be submitted to the people.
Mr. MASON. I do not know what the hon-
orable Senator understood me to say; but I will
tell you, sir, what I did say: that I should be
truant to my duty were I to accept any proposi-
tion to be submitted to the American people, as a
homogeneous mass, for amendment of the Con-
stitution in any way, either as recommendatory
or as final. The Constitution recognizes no Amer-
ican people. It recognizes the people of the
States as separate, independent, sovereign polit-
ical communities; and when you come to amend
the Constitution, doubtless the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania knows that the State of Penn-
sylvania, with all her population, will have one
vote and one only; the State of Rhode Island and
the State of Delaware will each have one vote.
That is the way the Constitution provides for
amendment—no popular vote; and if the Senator
understood me to say that I never would submit
an amendment to the Constitution to the popular
vote as a mass, he understood me correctly.
Mr. President, 1 desired only to disclaim speak-
ing for any interest, or in any interest at all, ex-
cept in the interest of my State, and with a know-
ledgeof her opinions, which lam here to uphold;
and those undoubtedly are, that unless those rights
pertaining to this condition of slavery which she
is entitled to under this Constitution, which she
knows have been violated and outraged—unless
those rights are guarantied under securities that
cannot'be doubted—she will not remain in the
Union. That is the interest in which I speak.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair an-
nounced the special order at one o'clock: the un-
finished business of yesterday, however, takes
precedence of it; which is a bill to create a terri-
torial government for the Territory of Jefferson.
Mr. FOOT. Let that go over by common
consent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a word to say,
and then Senators may arrange the order of busi-
ness to suit themselves.
Mr. GREEN. I move that it be informally
passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
considered the sense of the Senate, unless ob-
jected to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not rise to address the
Senate on this subject of debate any further than
to notice one or two points that 1 feel bound to
say a word upon. The Senator from Virginia
has spoken of the puny efforts of persons express-
ing the hope, while sending communications into
that State, that the Union might be saved. Of
course, I cannot fail to take cognizancc of what
that might be construed to mean.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow,! will
explain. I meant only in the sense—and perhaps
used the wrong word—that they were efforts that
were unsuitedand unfitted for the time, and would
be ineffectual. 1 certainly meant nothing of dis-
paragement to the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I comment upon them in that
light. I suppose he did not moan anything dis-
paraging when I had the illustrious St nator from
Kentucky associated with mc in whatever was
done. I have sent no communication into Vir-
ginia upon this subject now agitating the coun-
try, except to reply to individual citizens of that
State when they had written to me to know
whether there was hope. When that inquiry was
put to me, I pronounced my belief that there
was hope; and I have not yet abandoned the hope
that this Union may be saved. This very morn-
ing I replied to a citizen of Virginia, who made
that inquiry of me, by saying that I entertained
strong hope that this mattermight be satisfactorily
adjusted, peace preserved, and the Union main-
tained. I said to him, also, that, in my opinion,
all depended upon the action of Virginia av,d the
border States; that if the friends of the Union
could save Virginia, we could save the Union.
I should not have even said this much but for
the remarks of the Senator from Virginia. I think
it is very clear that that Senator has one object
m view, and I a very different one. I desiie to
see peace maintained and the Union preseived by
an honorable, fair adjustment of the questions in
dispute. I have failed to see anything in the
action of that Senator which encouraged me to
hope that he had the same desire. The other day,
when the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam-
eron] made a very large advance towards concil-
iation, and intimated his willingness to accept the
substance of the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, or any other fair adjustment, I was
pained that his advances seemed to be repelled by
the Senator fiom Virginia; and I was amazed
yesterday, when a question arose here about con-
ciliation, and concession, and compromise, that
the Senator from Virginia said, " We want no
concession:" and it was applauded by the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire [Mr. Half.] and those
who I understand to be uncompromising on the
other side of the Chamber. He thought it an
admirable speech; he was delighted to get the
admission of the Senator from Virginia that he
