1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:n
3Gth Cong....2d Ses
State of the Union—Mr. Millson.
Ho. of Beps.
which have so long disturbed its harmony? I
suppose, sir, the very appointment of the com-
mittee, by so large a vote of the*House, implies
that such a result is sought and wished. But if
there be those who want no reconciliation, who
court strife and would perpetuate discord, to them
I have no argument to make.
I approach, then, the consideration of the ques-
tions before the House. In one respect I will not
imitate the example of the gentleman from Ohio,
unless I shall unconsciously wander from my
purpose. I do not propose to discuss any of the
controverted questions of the day, either to defend
the Democratic or southern policy, or to assail
that of the Republican party. We are trying to
find out whetheranything has yet happened, or is
likely to happen, which requires, or would justify,
a dissolution of the Union. We are trying to
settle existing difficulties; and the first step in the
settlement of any difficulty is to understand pre-
cisely what it is that is to be settled.
Is it the election of Lincoln that is to be brought
into the settlement? Is it the election of Lincoln
that is to beadjusted ? No, sir; that is now beyond
our reach. Ithas been asked," shall Virginia sub-
mit to Lincoln ?" I reply, Virginia submit to Lin-
coln! No! VirginiasubmittoLincoln! Never! It
is Lincoln who shall submit to Virginia. It is Lin-
coln, who, as the servant of Virginia and her sister
States, must do their bidding. It is Lincoln, who,
as President of the United States, will fulfill the
functions and discharge the duties imposed upon
him by Virginia in common with the other States
of the Union which made the Constitution and pre-
scribed and limited the authority and powers to be
exercised by their agents. Itis not Lincoln ruling
Virginia. It is the States, of whom Virginia is one,
the Constitution—the work of Virginia—which
control, it may be, the unwilling will of Lincoln,
and oblige him to do what Virginia has made it
his duty to do. What though the people of Vir-
ginia gave their vote against Lincoln ? What
though the people of Virginia, through their Rep-
resentatives here,give their vote against the pas-
sage of a law enacted by Congress? It is still
Virginia that says the Jaw shall be obeyed. It is
Virginia that says that her will is potential, and
that whoever may receive a majority of the elec-
toral votes of the Union shall be the President.
Instead of submitting to Lincoln, I am submitting
to the sovereign will of Virginia.
What, then, is the evil to be remedied? Is it
the personal liberty bills that are assigned as a
justifiable cause of secession? So far, I have seen
no other cause involving a breach of the Consti-
tution assigned for secession but the passage of
personal liberty hills. The gentleman from Ohio
very properly remarked—although he would have
saved me some labor m the illustration of the sub-
ject if he had followed up his own suggestion to Us
proper consequences—that those laws were passed
by northern Legislatures. It is true, I consider the
whole subject from rather a different point of view
from that taken by the gentleman from Ohio. I
stand here a State-rights man. I stand here now
what I have ever been—a State-lights man of the
straitest sect. I do regard the Constitution as a con-
vention 01* com pact between the States of the Union;
and I do believe that a deliberate, palpable, and
dangerous violation of the Constitution by some
of tiie parties to it would release the other parties
from their reciprocal obligations. But, sir, is the
Legislature of a State one of the parties to the
compact ? The Legislature of a State is but a sub-
ordinate agency of one of the parties. And if the
passage of an unconstitutional law, if the assump-
tion of unconstitutional power by a State Legis-
lature, may be regarded as tin infraction of the !
Constitution, by one of the parties to it, then so j
would be the assumption of unconstitutional I
power by the President, by the Governor of a
State, a State or Federal judge, a postmaster, or
collector of the customs.
But here, sir, I am compelled to leave the gen-
tleman from Ohio. If the act of a State Legisla-
ture be deliberately approved aiid ratified by the
people; if, aftnr remonstrance, the people sanction
tin: act of their agent, then, sir, it is the privilege !
of the States that are the parties to the Constitu- '
tion to regard the acts of the Legislatures as the
acts of the States they represent, and hold the
compact of Union to be broken. I do not see that
any such resort has yet been made to the States;
nor do I enter on the inquiry how far the viola-
tion of the compact by one or two States, or by
four or five States, will justify any State in sev-
ering the ties that connect her also with States
that have not offended. I will not go into the con-
sideration of that question. Let it suffice to know
that, although it may be the privilege of a State
to avail herself of the broken faith of another, if
it be her interest or her wish to do so, yet it is but
a privilege, and cannot be considered a duty. If
so, the passage of a personal liberty bill by Con-
necticut would compel Massachusetts to secedc;
for Massachusetts is a party to the Constitution as
well as South Carolina. The refusal of one State
to comply with asingle Federal engagement would,
on such a supposition, instantly destroy the Union
as to all, and resolve the Federation into as many
separate and independent nations as there were
States composing it. If these States derive great
advantage trom the Union, it would be strange if
they were held to forfeit it by the faithless act of
another State.
That the passage of these bills by northern Le-
gislatures is a grievous wrong, ought not to be
denied. That we will silently submit to them,
cannotbesupposed. Whatthen? Cannoredress
be had? Must we either submit to this wrong,
or sacrifice, by secession from the Union, the most
important rights and interests belonging to us as
members of the Union? Sir, we will do neither.
We may bring these laws before the courts, and
annul them as unconstitutional; or we may, by
retaliatory legislation, as Virginia has done, show
our sense of the injustice done us. 1 do not, then,
Mr. Sneaker, see anything in the passage of per-
sonal liberty bills that requires a dissolution of
the Union; more especially as evidence has been
so plainly and clearly supplied, within the last
few weeks, of the purpose on the part of northern
Legislatures themselves to strike these offensive
laws fiom their statute-books. No one, till very
lately, seems to have supposed that disunion was
demanded for such a cause; no one would now sup-
pose it, had Mr. Breckinridge been elected Pres-
ident; and as no other actual wrong, either on the
part of the Federal Government, or by any State
government, has been assigned in justification of
secession, I am forced to conclude that there is
nothing in the past which invokes a remedy so
extreme.
But dissolution is urged because of apprehended
danger; because o£  peril in the future; and what
is it? Gentlemen tell us that the territorial ques-
tion—the power to prohibit slaveiy in the Terri-
tories—must be settled. Must be settled ! Why,
sir, it seems to be strangely overlooked by many
that the question is already settled; settled by the
existing laws of the land; settled by the Consti-
tution; settled by the supreme judicial tribunal of
the country; and settled in favor of the South.
And yet the overthrow of the Government is
sought, and disunion, with all its attendant hor-
rors, invited, because a very large number of the
northern people are trying to unsettle it—with less
prospect of success, perhaps, than at any time be-
fore. We arc in the possession of all that wc claim.
There is no Territory into which we have not the
right to go now with our slaves. And yet we must
throw away all that we have, because it is possi-
ble it may be taken from us. Let us do what we
may, how can wc prevent other people from at-
tempting to undo it?
1 cannot, then, see, Mr. Speaker, that there are
any well-founded apprehensions of future danger
that afford any justification for giving up our pres-
ent security, and rushing headlong into disunion.
But we arc urged to do this 111 the name of
State-rights. Gentlemen who are neophytes m
the State-rights school nddress me, a veteran
State-rights man, with the argument that we
must vindicate The rights of our State. And what
are those State rights which some are so forward
to defend? Why, it would seem that gentlemen
suppose there are no other rights of a State but
those which involve her own destruction; the
right to sacrifice her interests; the right to lay
heavy burdens on her own people; the right to
expose herself to extreme peril; the right to throw
away all her rights.
But, gentlemen, J stand with you there, too. I
too will defend these rights of my State, if she
choose to exercise them. ' I, too, will defend faer
right to commit suicide, if she be tired of pros-
perity and renown, and of life itself. But the
rights belonging to Virginia, which I, as one of
her sons, reared in the school of State rights, am
most eager to maintain, are those which concern
her welfare and safety—her commerce, her in-
dustry, her peace, her consideration at home and
abroad, the property, the happiness, the lives of
her people; in short, all those inestimable bless-
ings and benefits which the Constitution has se-
cured to her as a member of this Union, and of
which she is now, or was but lately, in the actual
enjoyment. These arc State rights which I would
have her defend at every hazard. These are
State rights which, if all the other States should
attempt to take them from her, I would have her
defend against their united power. Arid these arc
the State rights which some State-rights men want
her to thrbw away, only to show her right to do so.
And what is it that should make her do so? Is
it honor? No, it is only fear; fear that something
may bo done hereafter—some wrong attempted,
or committed, which her sons may not then have
the spirit or the power to resist.
Still, Mr. Speaker, itis undoubtedly true, that the
people feel apprehensions of future aggression, of
coming danger; and I regret that I must dissent
from the conclusion to which the gentleman from
Ohio brought his argument—that these apprehen-
sions of danger may be wholly allayed by con-
gressional legislation, and without some new
guarantees in the Constitution. Gentlemen,my
constituents do not believe the declarations of their
political opponents. Gentlemen, my constituents
will not believe the explanations of their own Rep-
resentatives, when they inform them what are
the designs, and what are not the designs, of the
Republican party; and you cannot expect them to
repose greatcrconfidence in your assurances than
in the statements of those whom they have con-
stituted their Representatives.
It is proper that there should be some guaran-
tees. It does not involve the objection just now
presented by the gentleman from Ohio, that the
members of the Republican party entertained con-
stitutional views which they could not yield. We
are not asking any surrender of constitutional
views, founded on their construction of the Con-
stitution as it is. We do not ask them to give
up their construction of the existingclausesof the
Constitution; but we ask an addition—a stipula-
tion. We ask that the Constitution may interpret
itself. There can be no objection, then, on the
ground of a surrender of constitutional views; be-
cause such a stipulation would simply determine
doubts and differences. It proposes no conces-
sion of privileges to the Soulh. It proposes no
new grant of rights to the slaveholding States. It
requires no surrender of power or advantage by
the northern States. It would serve only as a dec-
laration of existing rights.
Gentlemen, m another point of view, this terri-
torial question has been settled. The battle has
j; been fought, and ithas been won by both par-
ties; it has been lost by both parties. You have
lost the principle on which your party is founded.
You cannot, under existing laws and the exist-
ing Constitution, as interpreted by the Supreme
Court, prohibit slavery in a Territory. You have
lost the battle; we have gained it. But you know
that, if yourpurpose has been to exclude slavery
from the Territories, there is not the least proba-
bility that slavery will ever be carried into any
one of them. Thus, in all that respects practical
results, you have gained the battle, and wc have
lost it. You have lost the principle; we the sub-
stance. You have gained the substance; we the
principle. We are, then, on equal terms. We
arc both victors; we are both vanquished. There
is nothing, then, to preventus from making an end
of the whole quarrel now, and preclude all con-
troversy on the subject hereafter. Let us restore
that harmony and good fellowship which ought
to prevail amongst confederated States.
I was sorry to hear the gentleman from Ohio
intimate thatmsomc contingencies coercion might
properly be used against a seceding State. He
said there would be no coercion attempted of a
seceding State if it should obey ihe laws. Sir, if
a State, after secession, refused obedience to the
laws, it is because it has thrown off its obligations
