APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Millson.
Ho. of Reps.
to the Constitution. ' I will not now inquire
whether it has done this in the proper form and
manner, or whether it has had just and sufficient
cause and provocation for the act; I will not dwell
on the significant fact that South Carolina, and
perhaps Florida, made the passage of personal
liberty bills, by the Legislatures of some northern
'States, the ground and justification for secession;
I need not call attention to the fact that South
Carolina withdraws from the Union, and yet the
acts she complains of were not done in virtue of
-any- powers aerived from the Union; that she ab-
solves herself from the Constitution, and yet the
Constitution, so far from being the source or the
occasion of her grievances, supplies the only
means by which they could be redressed; that she
dissolves her connection with the Federal Gov-
ernment, and yet the Federal Government has
neither committed nor is responsible for the
wrongs to which she applies this anomalous rem-
edy; nor will I comment on her mode and manner
of secession, I confess, as a State-rights man,
that the course pursued by South Carolina is not
what her association with the other States re-
quired. South Carolina is a member of this Union.
If she secedes, she withdraws from the Union.
South Carolina does not secede from Congress;
she never was a member of Congress. She does
not retire from the Federal Government; she was
never a part of the Federal Government. When
shesecedes, she withdraws from the Union—from
herassociation with the other States; and I confess
that, instead of hurrying, fleeing, escaping from
the Union, as if she distrusted her own sovereign
right to secede,I would have her call togetherthe
confederated States, inform them of her grievances,
and make known to them, and not to the Federal
Government only, her intention to withdraw.
Wo, in Congress, cannot be officially told by South
Carolina that she has withdrawn from the Union,
because we are the representatives of delegated
powers only; we represent none of the reserved
powers. But South Carolina withdraws from
the Union in the exercise of her reserved powers
or rights. Still, though we have no official noticc
of .the secession of South Carolina, yet we have
such strong, such clear, such definite information
of the fact, from informal and unofficial sources,
as will warrant us in acting as if we had received
it through the proper channel. She has, then,
withdrawn from the Union; and, having with-
drawn, she is not to be coerced as a member of
the Union. The gentleman says that she is only to
be coerced into obedience to the Federal law. feut
she denies her obligation to obey the Federal law;
and while I do not approve of (he mode in which
South Carolina has withdrawn from the Union;
and while I have little sympathy, and hardly any
Eatiencc with her, as to the causes assigned for
er secession; while I do not forget that 1 am a
Representative of Virginia, and not of South Car-
olina; while I think I see that there was a purpose
on her part so to act upon the other States as to
compel them to follow wherever she mightplcas<*to
# lead them; yet, not merely for the sake of South
Carolina, not merely for the sake of the other seced-
ing States, but for the sake of my own State, I op-
pose every resort to force, and every attempt at co-
ercion. I do not want the issue changed. I do not
want new elements of dissension thrown among the
people of Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, North
Carolina, Maryland, and Delaware. I do not want
any disturbing question to take the place of the
existing inquiry, whether there be anything in
the past or in the probable future which would
justify a disruption of this Government. I do
notwant the sympathies of the people of the South
excited, and their passions fired by a resort to un-
necessary and improper force. It is fur the sake
of my own State, for the sake of other States
now in the Union, and which may remain m the
Union, that I protest against the application of
force in any form for the purpose of reducing to
subjection a State that has. in the exercise of her
sovereign will, determined to withdraw from the
Union. No, Mr. Speaker; call together a con-
vention of States, and submit the question to
them. Let them meet on equal terms, as they
met when the present Constitution was framed;
and let them, as the authors of this Government,
determine what shall be done. It is not for us,
the creatures of their power, to lift up our parri-
cidal hands against one of the authors and framers
of it. South Carolina, misguided as she may
be, rash and reckless of the wishes and interests
of others as I believe she has been—and I regret
to express this belief—is still one of the original
authors of the Constitution. We are its crea-
tures, inferior'to South Carolina as one of the
powers that made us.
Let me say a word upon a subject which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] discussed
with so much ability and so much frankness; and
that is, the idea of property in slaves. The gen-
tleman from Ohio has taken a philosophical view
of this question. Nothing, in my judgment, has
been more senseless than the silly controversy
which has been carried on so long between north-
ern and southern men as to whether the Consti-
tution recognizes the existence of property in man.
One would suppose the phrase " property in man"
was to be found in the Constitution, and that gen-
tlemen were quarreling as to the proper interpre-
tation to be given to it; but, as there is no such
language there, it is wholly unnecessary to inquire
whether that description of domestic servitude—
that personal relation which is described m the
Constitution in the words "persons held to ser-
vice or labor under the laws of any State"—can
be called property or not. Southern gentlemen
sometimes say, in public debate, that slaves arc
property, and nothing but property. 1 cannot
understand why they said so, except that they sup-
posed they were claiming most for the South, when
they expressed themselves in language which they
thought would be most offensive to the North.
That the claim of the master to the slave consti-
tutes property, is undoubtedly true; but to sup-
pose that there is nothing in the relation between
them but property, is to lower and degrade the
southern position. It is the weakestground upon
which the institution of slavery, in its consti-
tutional relations, can be placed. There is a
personal relation that is much higher. The Con-
stitution recognizes or describes these men as
persons held to service. I have heard it said by
members of the Republican party that the framers
of the Constitution jefuscd to use any tcims that
would indicate a recognition of the right of prop-
erty in man; that they excluded the word slave,
or slavery, from the Constitution, because of their
reluctance to disclose the fact that there was any
such personal relation acknowledged or estab-
lished by the laws of any of our States.
Sir, such an argument do^s great injustice to
the framers of the Constitution. They were
moved by no such sentimentalism. It "is a re-
proach to them, to say that they were so intensely
hypocritical that they were not ashamed to do
what they were ashamed to talk about. It is an
aspersion upon them to suppose that they were
so intensely hypocritical as to consent to the con-
tinuance of the slave trade for twenty years, with
all its attendant horrors and atrocities, and yet,
like timid maidens, to shrink from the words
<c slave" and " slavery," as recognizing property
in a human being. No, sir; they had stronger anu
bettor reasons for the adoption of the language
they put in the Constitution. They knew—and
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Coiuvin] has re-
lieved me from much of the discussion by the
able and lucid manner in which he has illustrated
! this subject to-day—they knew the word slave,
j or slavery, was a word of vague and indefinite
| signification, having a variety of meanings. Had
| they used the word slave, it would have led to
| infinite cavil and dispute as to the precise mean-
ing intended. Some Abolitionist might have ar-
gued that it did not apply to Africans held to
servitude under the laws of Virginia and Mary-
land ; that a negro servant,escaping fiom his mas-
ter, was not such a slave as the Constitution re-
quired to be delivered up, because the master had
not the power of life and death over him, as under
the Roman law, which authorized the master to
take the life of his slave. They might have ar-
gued, moreover, that the word slavery, in the
Constitution, was one, and to be taken in one
sense alone: that is, that two different interpreta-
tions could not be given to it; and therefore, if
the laws of domestic senitude in South Caro-
lina differed from those in Virginia, the word
slavery might be applied to one or the other of
them, but it could not be applied to both; because
you could not give different interpretations to the
same word. The framers of the Constitution,
then, sir, wisely substituted a description for a
word. They said " persons held to service or
labor under the laws of any State." It embraced
every kind of servitude. It comprehended the
servants of Virginia, of North Carolina, of South
Carolina, of Georgia, and of all the States. It
excluded all cavil and all doubt. But they were
guilty of no such miserable hypocrisy as that
sometimes attributed to them—that they were
unwilling to introduce into the Constitution any
phrase which might imply that there could be prop-
erty in man. To insist that they are persons, as
well as property, is to take the highest position on
which the South can rest her claims. To say that
they are property, and nothing but property, is
not true in any sense of the word. It is not true
in physics; it is not true in morals; it is not true
in religion; it is not true in politics. A slave is a
man. He is a responsible man; responsible to our
laws, responsible to God. He is a person; a per-
son held to service; and it is because he is a per-
son, that the position of the South before this Con-
gress and in the Constitution is impregnable. I
say it is because ho is a person that gentlemen of
the Republican party are forbidden to pass a law
prohibiting his emigration into the Territories.
As mere property, you might set up a plausible
claim to exclude him. Ay, as mere property there
would be a color of argument in favor of his ex-
clusion; but as a person, a person held to service,
a man holding a personal relation to another, a
member of the household, a part of the family,
you have no more right to exclude him from the
privilege of going into the Territories with his
master than you have to exclude a wife from going
into the Territories with her husband. The wife,
too, by law, owes service and labor to the hus-
band. The relation existing between husband
and wife is the relation established by the laws of
the States; and the gentleman from Ohio cannot
say that these are laws which are local, and do not
extend beyond the limits of the States where they
were enacted; because the same argument would
forcc him to the conclusion that it is within the
power of Congress to exclude from a Territory a
wife bound to her husband under the laws of any
State, and that the husband cannot carry a wife
occupying that relation with him into the Terri-
tories, because the law under which that relation
was established or recognized does not extend
beyond the territory of the State in which it was
enacted.
This, then, is the very highest position which
the South can occupy in relation to their slaves.
And permit nie, sir, to say that, if they were prop-
erty, and nothing but property, they would not
be represented in Congress; for there is no de-
scription of property represented in Congress as
property—neither lands, nor money, nor stocks,
nor any other kind of property. If they were
property, and nothing but property, then we de-
prive ourselves of the right of representation of
three fifths of their whole number, except upon
the condition that an equal representation be given
to property of equal value in other States of the
Union.
Mr. Speaker, I know that very many of these
false theories, i eally detrimental to the South, have
been supported because of that natural harmony
of action between them arising from their relative
weakness, which sometimes inclines the southern
Representatives to acquiesce in almost any preten-
sion setup by a Representative from their own sec-
tion. I have sat in my seat and seen gentlemen
from the South inconsiderately pressing proposi-
tions,and heaid them usearguments, which they
supposed involved a very large claim of right for
their own section; when, in truth, they were not
only calculated to excite a prejudice against them
with those they were trying to convince, but, in
point of fact, they sometimes involved a surrender
of the safeguards which the Constitution had se-
cured to them. And when they would move to
suspend the rules to introduce their propositions,
other southern gentlemen would sometimes vote
with them, because of the natural disinclination
of those from one section of the country to refuse
to support what was brought forward to sustain
a common cause. Hence this acquiescence of gen-
tlemen has sometimes impressed the popular mind
