662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. HALE. I would as lief speak on that as
on anything. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On that ques-
tion the Senator from California has the floor.
Mr. MASON. I hope both the Senators will
allow me to repair an error into which I fell by
inadvertence. I said that I would withdraw the
motion to print the petition presented by the Sen-
ator from New York. I ask leave to withdraw^
that motion. I promised to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless the
Senator from New Hampshire has some motion
to make, the Chair will again announce that the
Senator from California is entitled to the floor on
the special order.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to say, sir, that the
Senator from New Hampshire, ana other Sena-
tors who want to claim the floor, are more imme-
diately connected with this question than thecony
stitucncy whom I represent; and I do not feel
that it is proper for me to submit what I have to
say against what they wish to lay before the coun-
try; and therefore I renew the motion which I
previously made, that I may be allowed to speak
to-morrow atone o'clock. ["Yes."] So far as
the Private Calendar is concerned, I will state to
the Senate that I do not expect to occupy an hour
when I do speak, and then they can go on with
the Private Calendar. I therefore move to make
the President's message the special order for one
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. Why do that, when the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire can go on now ?
Mr. LATHAM. Well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the special order, the Piesident's message,
be deferred until to-morrow, at one o'clock, and
made the special order for that hour.
Mr. HALE. On that motion I desire to 
Mr. GWiN, (to Mr. Hale.) Let it go over,
and you have the floor now.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I want the floor to-
day.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Thn PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire has the floor, the Senator
from California having yielded.
Mr. WILSON. I want to ask the Senator from
California 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield to the Senator
from Massachusetts?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I confess that I
was a good deal surprised at a remark which fell
from the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Doualas,] in relation to a little passage that took
place between the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] and myself yesterday. He
said he was pained at the announcement made by
the Senator from Virginia, and he was pained at
the approbation expressed by the Senator from
New Hampshire at the utterance of the senti-
ments thatthe Senator from Virginia pronounced.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to call the attention
of the Senate, and of that portion of the country
that cares anything about what we say here, to
what did take place yesterday, because I stand by
it, and I think if I could induce every member of
this body, and every voter in this country, to
stand by it, the difficulties that now envelop and
surround us and the country would vanish like
mist before the morning sun. I do not know, sir,
what private interpretation the Senator from Vir-
ginia may have had, if he had any, upon the sen-
timent which he expressed; but the sentiment
which he did express, and to which I gave my
cordial assent, was, that with the Constitution of
the United States he and the people that he rep-
resented were satisfied; that they asked no con-
cession. I do not remember his precise phrase-
ology; but I think he said it would be dishonora-
ble in them to ask, and degrading in us to make,
any concession: what they wanted was the Con-
stitution.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me an
instant ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON What I said, Mr. President, was
not what was repeated by the Senator from Illi-
nois. I understood the Senator from Illinois to
say that I had disclaimed any demand on the part
of the southern States for conciliation, or conces-
sion, or compromise.
Mr. DOUGLAS. For concession.
Mr. MASON. It was limited to the word "con-
cession."
Mr. HALE. So it was.
Mr. MASON. And it was because that was
the only term that had been used by either of the
Senators from Pennsylvania, and it was a term 1
said that had become familiar as a household
word. The newspapers and letter writers speak
of the non-slaveholding States, or some of them,
being ready to make concessions. What I meant
to say was this—applied to that term, which has
its own specific meaning: so far as I know, the
South ask no concession, because a concession
would imply agratuity or a benevolence to which
they were not entitled. I said that the South were
satisfied with the Constitution as it stood, if its
guarantees had been respcctcd; but not being re-
spected, we should demand such securities, in
place of existing guarantees, as would be beyond
dispute. Now I will instance one—one of the
class presented in the speech of my honorable
colleague. There is a security, leaving to the mi-
nority section its own protection by a concurrent
vote on all questions affecting its interests. I in-
stance that only as one of a class which might be
resorted to ; but my remarks were confined to that
word "concession," and 1 did say that if we could
ask concessions, it would be humiliating in us to
ask them, and derogatory to the other side to grant
them.
Mr. HALE. My recollection and the record
concur entirely with the exposition which the
honorable Senator from Virginia has now given
of what he said, with a single exception. I will
read what the Senator said :•
u Wo would nevernskforconcessions in any form. It has
been the uniiorm language of tile southern States liere,
through their icpn'seiitauvesj so fariw I know, that they
are perfectly satisfied wit!) the Constitution ; they have no
complaint to make of the Constitution. Their complaint
is, that the Constitution lui?.been violated and disregarded,
to the prejudice of the rights secured to them by the Con-
stitution."
That is what the Senator said. He was satis-
lied with the Constitution yesterday, without an
" if;" and I am sorry—perhaps it was owing to
the hurry with which the Senator spoke—that he
put in the "if" to-day. Again, he said:
" We ask for no concession. We should be humiliated
If we did a«k it; ami they would he humiliated it they
granted it We a^k for no conce^ion ; wo as-k only for
right. Wo are asking for no new piovisions whatever."
That is what pleased me yesterday; it pleases
me to-day; and I think the honorable Senator
from Illinois cannot have his moral and physical
nature in a normal condition if it gives him pain
to hear this expression of reverence for the Con-
stitution, and of satisfaction with its provisions,
pronounced by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, and accorded to by myself.
Sir, from the very announcement of this con-
troversy, one thing has struck me, and I will now
state it to the Senate. Wo meet together here,
and it is agreed upon all hands that something is
out of joint. I have been met by volunteer com-
mittees on the street, that tell me they come to
appeal to mo, and to ask that I will give my hum-
ble aid to settle the question. "Well," 1 say,
" my friends, if you will tell me what the ques-
tion is, I will help you with all my heart;" and
I ask what the question is now? It is not dis-
satisfaction with the Constitution. The honor-
able Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green] made
the same avowal some days, possibly some weeks,
since. The Constitution is well enough; and yet,
sir, this Congress meets; the country is distracted,
and you all go to work to patch up amendments
to that which you agree is now perfect.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will allow me,
I will show the misapprehension he is laboring
under as to the point I made 
Mr. HALE. Show it after I get through.
You will have the whole ground to yourself, and
can do it then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I supposed it would be more
agreeable to the Senator to be corrected than to be
allowed to put me in a false position.
Mr. HALE. I say we present a curious spec-
tacle. Everybody—no, not every body, but a great
many people are finding fault. We come together,
and men want to cure the evil by mending and
patching that which they all agree needs no mend-
ing, and which is in itself perfect.
Again, sir: of what do you complain? For
what are you going to breakup this Government?
Do you complain of its administration here by
the two Houses of Congress and the Federal
President? Why, sir, it was the declaration of
one of the representatives of the seceding Stores,
[Mr. Toombs,] on this floor last session, that in
the main, from the time of the adoption of the
Federal Constitution to the present time, the Fed-
eral Government had been honestly administered
according to the purposesofthe Constitution;and
never more so than at the present time.
Then, sir, you have got a pcrfect Constitution,
and a perfect administration of it by its organs.
How is its judiciary ? Do you find any fault with
them? Has there been any exposition of the
Federal Constitution by the chosen arbiters that
arc to decide what the Constitution is, that dis-
pleases you? Is there any fault found with that?
None that I have ever heard of. Well, then, sir,
the Constitution perfect, the legislation perfect,
and the judiciary perfect, what do you find fault
with? Is there anything in the constitution of
any one of the States? I have not heard it sug-
gested. It was stated by the same authority to
which I have just referred, that the judiciary of
all the States, with the solitary exception of the
State of Wisconsin, had been sound and faithful
in their construction of the fugitive slave law.
Then, sir, if you have got a perfect Constitu-
tion, a perfect administration of it by the Federal
Government, and a perfect (as you regard it) con-
struction of it by the Federal and State judiciary,
what do you want? If you want anything fur-
ther in a judicial line, 1 have no doubt you can
have it when you make a case. The honorable
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Lane] the other day
said he had no doubt—I do not know whether he
meant it as a compliment or a reproach to the Su-
preme Court of the United States—that if a proper
case could be made out and submitted to that
court, they would decide that the election of Mr.
Lincoln was unconstitutional.
Mr. LANE. Or any other honest court.
Mr. HALE. No matter about that; I am not
dealing with "any other honest court"—only
with one. I speak of that only to show what the
honorable Senator from Oregon thinks on this
matter, and no Senator rose in his place to ques-
tion his statement. It may have been meant for
a compliment to that court: I confess I think it a
reproach. I remember hearing a piquant anec-
dote related by an honorable gentleman from New
York, once a member of this body—I will give
his name—Mr. Dickinson. Mr. Dickinson said
that, on a certain occasion, there was a minister
settled in one of the small towns of the State of
New York, and the terms of his payment were
so many bushels of rye, provided his preaching
suited. He preached some time without getting
any substantial evidence that his preaching was
satisfactory; and he went to some of the brethren,
and said, " Brethren, does my preaching suit?
If it don't, I can alter it, for I am determined to
have that rye anyhow." [Laughter.] Well, sir,
I think if you have not got any judicial decision
that suits yet you can have it. The Senator from
Oregon thinks so. We agree there.
Then what is the matter? I know it is a very
easy thing to repent of other men's sins, and to
make confessions for other men's faults, and we
have had a great deal of that piety on the other
side of the Chamber 
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire how he knows that
fact ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor?
Mr. HALE. I do not yet. I have yielded too
often. I have no more concessions to make on
that subject. [Laughter.] I say, Mr. President,
we have had a great many confessions made upon
the other side of the Chamber of moral and polit-
ical delinquencies that have been committed, but
they have been Democrats confessing Republican
sins ! We have not heard a word of any of their
own shortcomings from their lips. They have
been all pointing out wherein we have erred and
sinned, and have never given the slightest atten-
tion, nor made the least inquiry, so far as any
