1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Millson.
Ho. of Kjeps.
of the South with the belief that those pretensions
were right and just; because they were seemingly
favored by the most intelligent of their Repre-
sentatives. In that way it has come that some
unsound and impracticable theories have been
pressed in the name of the South; Avhich, like that
I have been discussing, actually involved a sur-
render of many of the strongest positions which
the South ought to occupy. •
And now a word or two in relation to the views
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cort-
win] upon the subject of the admission of New
Mexico as a State. I regret to have to differ with
the gentleman upon this subject. The House
will perceive that I have not disagreed with him
on many points; and I am happy now to express
my admiration of the temper and tone which per-
vaded the whole of his speech. Much of it I
heartily approve; and I regret that I am under the
necessity of dissenting from some of the conclu-
sions to which the gentleman arrived. I cannot
give myconsentto the admission of New Mexico
at this time as a State, and for reasons wholly
unconnected with the sectional controvcisy which
is now agitating the country. Sir, if I believed,
as some of my southern associates appear to do,
that the people of the South were in any such
danger as justified disunion, in order to escape it;
if I believed that the Republican party could, if
they would, exclude slavery from the Territories;
if 1 believed that any such aggression could be
consummated, why, 1 might then accept the tender
of New Mexico as a State, in order that I might
take away from them the inducement and the
opportunity to accomplish any such purpose.
Whether they have the purpose or not, I know
they have not the power. I say here now what
I said more than a year ago to the Republican
party: " Gentlemen, t do not fear you. I do not
fear that you will have the power to do what you
declare it is your wish to do. I do not believe
you will be able to command a majority for the
purpose of prohibiting slavery in.the Territories
of the United States."' 1 should, perhaps, be do-
ing you injustice if 1 supposed that it was your
purpose now to attempt the exercise of this power,
if, in the present condition of the country, for
the sake of a wanton exercise of power, from
which you could reap no advantage, you should
undertake to prohibit slavery in any part of the
Territories of the United States, you would put
yourselves beyond the pale of any sympathy—I
was about to say of all respect—of the country.
Should this be attempted, I do not believe you
could succeed; and should you succeed here, I
should rest secure in the decision of the supreme
judicial authority of the country—a barrier which
you can neither leap over nor break down. I am
under no apprehension; and 1 will not attempt to
increase the present unhappy excitement in the
country by stimulating the fears of others, when
1 am altogether fre'e from them myself. It is for
that reason that I am unable to vote to admit New
Mexico as a State. I do not think she is now in
a condition to become a State; and I will not con-
sent to admit, her us a Slate merely foi the purpose
of avoiding the shadowy and unreal danger of
which I have spoken. But if I did believe it, I
should then take her as a State. If I did believe
that the safety of the Union depended upon it; if I
believed that was the only escape from the exer-
cise of a power to prohibit slavery in the Terri-
tories, I should feel myself wholly inexcusable
for not guarding against all these dangers by the
admission of New Mexico.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mi. ASHLEY. I move that the gentleman be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. BURNETT, I have no objection to the
gentleman proceeding, nor had I to the gentleman
from Ohio. [Mr. Coiiwim;] but I want, some rule
fixed by winch this discussion is to be regulated.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to gentlemen to let the
gentleman proceed; there then will have been one
long speech upon each side. After that, let the
hour rule be enforced.
Mr. BURNETT. I do nut believe in any such
way of doinii- things.
Mr. MILLSON. I will say I do not choose to
avail myself of the indulgence of the House.
Mr. .SICKLES. Is itm order to move, to sus-
pend the rule, so that the gentleman can proceed?
The SPEAKER pio tempore. It is.
Mr. SICKLES. I submit that motion.
•Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that a motion to suspend the rules is already
pending before the House; and for the informa-
tion of the present occupant of the chair, I de-
sire to state that the Speaker of this House, this
day, decided that no other motion to suspend the
rules was in order.
Mr. SICKLES. That point was overruled
this morning.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say further, that,
if it is in order to move a temporary suspension
of our rules, I desire to submit an amendment to
the resolution of the gentleman, by which the
hour rule shall be repealed. If we change the
rule in one particular we caYi change it in all.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Kentucky made the same point before, and
it was overruled by the Chair. The Chair will
adhere to his previous decision in this case.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal from that decision
of the Chair.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to lay that appeal
on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. Upon that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. GROW. I ask gentlemen if there will be
any objection to allowing the gentleman from
Virginia to conclude his remarks, if it is under-
stood that hereafter we will adhere to the hour
rule ?
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to two speeches
being made upon the same side, without our hav-
ing the opportunity to reply to them at the same
length.
Mr. RUFFIN. Both speeches are upon the
same side.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to be understood
tiiat I am not soliciting any expansion of the
rules of the House for my accommodation. I
have always, heretofore, declined to ask any such
alteration of the established rules; and I have,
therefore, to request thalgentlemen will withdraw
any motion or application they have submitted in
supposed deference to my wishes.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to say that I have
not the slightest objection to the gentleman from
Virginia proceeding, nor had I to the gentleman
| from Ohio; but if the time is to be extended for
j him, I hope the House will agree that it shall be
extended for all.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I rise to a question of or-
der. There is a motion pending to lay upon the
table the appeal taken from tho decision of the
Chan* by the gentleman from Kentucky; and that
motion is not debatable. I was recognized, and
made the motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I was well aware, without
the interference of the member from Illinois or
that of the member from Virginia, that debate was
not in order; but I supposed that, as the House had
heard the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son,] I might be permitted to respond to his re-
marks.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask if tho gentle-
man can be allowed to proceed when he himself
states that he is not in order?
| The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
| ask the gentleman from Virginia if he insists on
his motion to suspend the rules '
Mr. CLEMENS. I do. I desire to give the
House an opportunity of voluntarily offering to
my colleague the pri \ ilege ofcon Uniting his speech,
whether he desires to avail himself of it or not.
The question being on laying the appeal on the
table,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the yeas
! and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Scott and
Buffinton" were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 16, noes 113.
So (one fifth of those present not voting there-
for) the yeas and navs were not ordered.
The appeal was then laid upon the table.^
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) thr rules were suspended.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the pendingproposition. [Cries of "Tpo
late!" from the Republican side of the House'.]
I am addressing the Speaker, and not gentleman
upon the other side of the House; and I hope
they will wait till I get through. •
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. BURNETT. Wait, if you please, till I
state my proposition.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman states that he
rises to propose an amendment to the pending
motion. My point of order is that there is no
motion pending.
Mr. BURNETT. There is a motion pending.
The gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Clemens,]
has moved that his colleague from the Norfolk
district bo allowed to proceed. I propose to amend
that motion.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Virginia
moved to suspend the rules for the purpose of
enabling him to submit that motion. He could
not make the motion till the rules were suspended.
The rules have this instant been suspended, and
it is in order now for the gentleman from Virginia
to make his motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion now
before the House is that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia be allowed to proceed with his lemarks.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 move the previous ques-
tion on that.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know if I am
entitled to the floor ? I was put off of it by tho point
of order raised by the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair wilt
hear the remarks of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia, so as to provide
that any member engaged m this discussion, so
long as this report is the special order, shall have
an hour and a half in which to make his speech;
and on that I call the previous question.
Mr. WASH BURN £, of Illinois. That is a
proposition to change one of the rules of the
House, and is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. BURNETT. How does the Chair over-
rule my motion> He has no right to do that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is not
called upon to state the reasons why he over-
rules the motion. The previous question has
been demanded on the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, Mi\Clem-
ens's motion was agreed to.
So leave was given to Mr. Millson to continue
his speech.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, it is with no
affectation that I say that I not only did not ap-
ply for an extension of the time to which my re-
marks were limited by the rules of the House,
but I did not desiie it. Still, sir, 1 should be
making but a churlish return to the House for its
courtesy if I were now to refuse to speak; and
yet my habitual disinclination to accept courte-
sies, even so kindly tendered, contrary to the or-
dinary rules of the'House, will prevent me from
claiming the attention of the House for more than
a few moments longer.
Mr. Speaker, I was proceeding, when my hour
expired, to assign my reasons for not voting for
tho bill reported by the committee for the admis-
sion of New Mexico as a State. But I will not
enlarge upon the observations which I have al-
ready presented.
I confess, sir, I was much pleased with there-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio, in reference
to the duty imposed upon all the States of this
Union, to punish, by their own legislation, any
attempts to put at hazard the safety of their sister
States. The committee of thirty-three have re-
ported a recommendation that the Legislatures of
the different States of the Union shall enact laws
I upon that subject. This is the imperative duty
! of all confederate States, as it has been admitted
! to be the duty even of nations bound together by
j ordinary treaties of amity. The gentleman from
Ohio fitly referred to the part taken by Lord Ers-
1 kmc, in preparing a bill legulating the whole sub-
! ject of libel in England. Let me refer to an inci-
