1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
public manifestation is concerned, nor expressed
a doubt as to the propriety, the perfect propriety,
of their own conduct.
Now, in regaid to this matter of amending the.
Constitution, I appeal to you, Senators; 1 ask
you if, m the present state of public opinion, sur-
rounded as you are by all the excitements and
passions of the hour, you believe that this Con-
giess, this Senate, constituted as it is, made up as
it is, operated upon by these t dverse and extra-
neous influences as it is, is more competent and
better able to build a Constitution that shall en-
dure, and that shall promote the interest, the
honor, and the welfare of this great country, than
was the convention that formed the Federal Con-
stitution ? I ask the wise men who sit around me,
and whose patriot hearts are now beating with
so much anxiety for the welfare of their country,
how much do you think your wisdom exceeds
that of the sages who formed this great charter of
your Government, under which you live? How
much wiser arc you than Madison and Hamil-
ton and Jay; or how much more patriotic than
Washington and his compatriots, that you under-
take, in your madness and folly, to rebuild and
reconstruct that great result of their piety and
their wisdom, which has come to us as the richest
inheritance that we have enjoyed? Sir, I confess
for myself that I am willing to abide with the old
men of the Constitution; I am willing to take my
lot with those who, when the wounds of the Rev-
olution were not yet healed, met in solemn coun-
cil, with patriotic hearts and pious purposes came
together to form a constitution for this country.
I venerate their wisdom above that of the wisdom
by which I am surrounded. I have not yet be-
come a convert to the doctrine that we (if we ever
could) are now in a situation to mend what they
made. And, sir, if this sentiment gives pain to
anybody, I regret it; but I tell you 1 think it is a
wholesome pain that will work out a regenera-
tion of the body that feels it.
Mr. President, there is anothermistake, and it is
a great mistake. Men speak of this Constitution
and this Union as something separate from the
battle by which our liberties were won. 1 have
heard it said on this floor this session, that it is
all a mistake to say that this Constitution cost
any blood or any treasure. 1 toll you, sir, the
Revolution itself was worth nothing without the
constitutional Union that followed it, and you can-
not separate the one from the other. They are the
necessary con sequences, all connected by one great
chain, and the experience of the men of the Revo-
lution between the peace of 1783 and the adoption
of the Constitution in 1789, the history of that
time stands where all nations may reed, and all
time cannot efface the eternal truth that they found
that the Revolution itself was but a bootless effort,
unless its fruits were cemented and consolidated
in a Federal Union; and the Federal Union was
the necessary complement to the successful Revo-
lution; and the man that raised a parucidal hand
against the Constitution of his country aims it
not at the Constitution alone, but upon the revo-
lutionary and ante-revolutionary spirit that pre-
ceded in the councils of the country years and
years ago.
Sir, the Constitution was no thing of a day. It
was not a hot-bed plant, growing up, like Jonah's
gourd, in the night; but it was the result of influ-
ences that had been operating in nearly the two
centuries of colonial history that preceded it, and
centuries back in the history of the cuuntiy from
which we emigrated; and to undertake to sepa-
rate the Constitution from the Revolution, the 1
Unionfrom the independence, whatever you may :
say about it theoretically, is a practical absurdity-
Sir, the best hopes of mankind are freighted in
this ship of the Constitution. All that was se-
cured by the war of the Revolution is periled by
every blow that is aimed at the Constitution. I
have sometimes thought, when 1 have heard the
recklessness with which men speak of bieaking
up this Confederacy, of an incident that [ have
seen recorded in some magazine, respecting an
aeronaut who ventured to rise to the blue ether
above in a balloon. When he had ascended to
where the earth faded in the distance to a mere
point, he found that his companion was a maniac.
Carried away by the giddy excitement of the
hour, the unhappy man began to throw over the
ballast, and cut the guys and the ropes by which
the balloon was guided through its course; and
the aeronaut found that his destinies were linked
with those of a madman. Sir, that is our condi-
tion to-day* We arc sailing over tempestuous
seas; and all of human hope for ourselves, for our
posterity, or for the world, is with us; for the men
that will destroy the vessel in which so much is
embarked arc no better than the madman sailing
in rnid air, who would lose all direction and con-
trol of the balloon which bore him.
But, sir, perhaps I ought not to speak; I am
trespassing; I have no business to speak. New
England is to be sloughed off anyhow; she is a
sore; and even the kind and benignant Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Gtrbex,] whose heart is all
benevolence, so full that it beams out in every
expression of his countenance, could not give
utterance to his sentiments without expressing the
hope that, whatever reconstruction might take
placc, New England would be left out anyhow.
Well, sir, I will tell you this: I never will beg
for myself, nor for my State, nor for New Eng-
land, for admission to any communion exceptthe
communion of the just made perfect m Heaven;
and if there be on this earth a State, or a confed-
eracy, now existing or hereafter to be formed, that
can dispense with New England, 1 say " God
bless you." If you can afford it, 1 think we can.
Why, sir, these gentlemen do not know anything
about New England except that there are ice and
rocks there; that, I think, is the extent, the prac-
tical extent, of the knowledge of a great many of
those men who talk about New England. I hope
my colleagues from New England, who sit all
around me, will forgive me if I say a word for
her. Do you know anything of her history?
Her cradle was the bark, locked on the tempest,
that finally landed amid the ice and rocks of Ply-
mouth harbor. Her home was amid the savages
and the rocks and the ice; and when she fuund
the soil too sterile for sustenance, she plowed the
ocean, and thence dug the means of support. She
has grown up against opposition: on her side she
has had nothing but God. The mother country,
from which she. emigrated, oppressed her; she
contended witii savages, with wild beasts, with
a sterile soil and severe climate; death took half
the numbers of the little company of emigrants
that landed on that ice and rock-bound shore; yet,
amid all these discouragements, and against all
these odds, she has gone on every day and every
year, prospering and to prosper. Cut her off,
throw her away, and then she may look over this
whole continent—nay, sir, she may go to your
cotton fields and point to the means by winch she
has been instrumental in so highly elevating cot-
ton,that, from the giddy height, you proclaim him
king. She may tell you that without the genius
of New England, ICingCotton would be a beggar.
She may point the continent over, and with more
than poetic truth ask, Qua rcgio in terris nan
noslri plena laborls ?
What land is there on this continent that has
not been enlightened by her civilization ? What
institution of learning is there that does not re-
ceive culture from her sons? What is (he great
Northwest, from which she is to be separated?
Nothing on earth but New England spread out.
I suppose, sir, that if you are going to cut her off
and send her home, you will cast away every-
thing that she has done. Well, sir, let the magician,
with his talismanic wand, go forth; let him touch
this Union; let him touch this confederation;
nay, sir, let him touch that other confederation,
who think they are beginning to sec the light:
and let him make everything that New England
genius and New England enterprise has done for
them vanish from their presence, and they will
find themselves but little advanced from the sav-
age state. You arc going to cut us off from the
Northwest! Good-by, my friends; but ere you
go, give us back our jewels; and when you take
Illinois into your embrace, let us have the illus-
trious Senator [Mr. Douglas] and his 4< great
principle," for he came from New England, and
his colleague also. Sir, when you turnout Ohio,
the empire of the West, give us back her thun-
dering orator who sits before me, [Mr. Wade,]
and her more than orator, sage, and patriot, that
is to be his colleague in the next Congress, (Mr.
Chase,) if such a Congress isto be. You are to take
Michigan, too! Sir, I have been many years a
member on this floor, and I have always been able
to recognize a son of New Hampshire in the repre-
sentation of the State of Michigan Look all over
the West, and I tell you, sir, until the sons of the
West have forgotten to revcrence the graves of
their fathers; until they have forgotten to cherish
with affection the memory of the mothers that
nourished them, you cannot sever New England
from the West. Buildup as many confederacies
as you may; and I tell you, sir, that when the
politicians come to deal with this matter, they will
find, that the people of this country have got a heart,
which very few politicians have, [laughter;] and
the great heart of the great West will be felt.
Now, sir, another word in this connection. The
honorable Senator from Virginia said the other
day that this Union is already dissolved, and we
cannot help it. I tell him the Union is not dis-
solved, and he cannot dissolve it. I am not going
to discuss cither the right or the fact of secession.
The British empire existed after the American
colonies were severed from it; and when you have
cut off from this Union every State that wants to
go, and everybody that is not satisfied with the
Constitution forswears his allegiance to it and
loaves it, there will be left then a Union stretch-
ing from the Atlantic to the Pacific, strong enough
to bid defiance to the world in arms, and deal with
any question that presents itself just exactly as
their own sense of patriotism antf duty shall re-
quire of them. A man that has his leg amputated
is a man notwithstanding; and the Union still
remains, though some members of it may be
cut off.
I have in my hand adocument to which I want
to call the attention of some gentlemen. It has
been the constant effort of very many gentlemen
who have spoken upon this subject to represent
that there is a very deep-rooted hatred between
the North and the South; and that this manifests
itself on almost every occasion. I hold in my
hand a most significant report made by the city
of Norfolk, in the State of Virginia, giving the
history of the pestilence that visited that unhappy
city in the year J855. I will not stop to read that
report; but in it the committee of the city of Nor-
folk say that, when the terrible pestilence visited
Virginia, and death was holding such a festival
there as had rarely been witnessed on this conti-
nent or anywhere else, the inhabitants of that
stricken city made an appeal not to the South, nor
to the North, but to the country, the whole coun-
try; and it was responded to in a manner most
honorable to humanity, and most honorable to
the character of the political institutions under
which we live. Physicians, who knew that they
were traveling the highway of death, where pest-
ilence was to be their entertainment and death
their reward, flocked in numbers from the North
to minister relief to the inhabitants of that city;
contributions came in from every quarter; and
they specially mention, among those who had
been foremost in their deeds of benevolence, Phil-
adelphia, Boston, and other places in the northern
States, whose people, it has been said on this floor
this session, hate the South with a hatred deep as
hell. According to a table which I have hero of
the contributions which they received upon this
appeal, amounting to nearly ninety thousand dol-
lars, #6,000 of which'was contributed by thcDis-
tnetot Columbia; of the remaining $80,000, more
than one half of it was contributed by the citizens
of these very free States who, you say, entertain
such deep-rooted hatred for you !
Sir, when the angel of pestilence spread his
wing over your land; when the young men were
falling, and the Macedonian cry for help went up,
did the North hold back? No, sir; but with a
generosity and devotion,uncalculating as the im-
pulses of humanity ever arc, they went to the
rescue of this very Virginia, and left their ashes
upon its soil, eternal mementoes of the sympa-
thy, the humanity, and tho affection which they
cheushed for the citizens of a common country.
And, sir, whenever an occasion like that shall
come ajjain; whenever war, pestilence, or any-
thing else, shall indicate to your fellow-men, and
citizens of the northern States, that a call is made
upon them for sympathy, for aid, for money, for
life, it will be poured out with as uncalculating a
devotion as ever humanity laid its offering upon
the altar of charity.
And now, sir, while I am up, let me say that
when I declare myself to be for the Constitution,
I speak it in no sense that would indicate that I
mean by that to invoke, or evoke, its strong arm,
to put down by force any of the manifestations
