664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
of disaffection which have been exhibited in any
quarter of this country. No, sir: J am for it in
the spirit in which it was formed; I am for the
whole of it, in every part; and let me here say a
word or two m regard to those special matters
which have obtruded themselves upon our atten-
tion.
What is it that you want? You want a guar-
antee that this General Government never will in-
terfere in any manner with slavery in the States.
Sir, it is not in human language to give it to you
stronger than you have it now. You may make it
just as strong as yon plea3e, and I defy the phi-
lology of the most learned and the most astute to
put any guarantee in the Constitution so strong
as you have it now in that provision which says
that everything that is not given and granted by
the Constitution is reserved to the people and the
States. The right to abolish slavery in the States
not being given, it is expressly reserved by this
very provision.
And, sir, you want the Missouri compromise
restored. Yhat Missouri compromise is a very
curious measure. It saved the Union in 1S20 by
being passed; it saved it in 1854 by being repealed;
and now it has to save it again by being passed
again. How long it will be before it will have to be
reversed, I do not know; but this Missouri com-
promise is the eternal, unfailing medicine that is
to cure all the diseases to which the body politic is
subject. I remember a quack doctor in my neigh-
borhood that had but one medicine, and he used
it just as you propose to use this Missouri com-
pr®mise. When he wanted a medicine to produce
one effect, he scraped it down the tree, and when
he wanted it to produce another, he scraped it up.
[Laughter.] That is just exactly the case in
which you put this Missouri compromise. Some-
times the Union is in danger, and you must pass
it. Then it is m danger again, and it must be
repealed. Six years hence it may be in danger
again, and you must pass it. How long do you
suppose the Union will last patched up m this
manner, if the Missouri compromise, fust up and
then down, is the only medicine that it is ever to
have ?
Again, sir, I ask, what do you want? Do you
want anything more than what you have got*
You have got the whole, and we have not asked
you to give anything back. The Supreme Court,
in the I)red Scott decision, have decided all that
you want. 1 will tell you what they say; per-
haps you have forgotten. They say in so many
words—1 do not know that 1 can lead it; but you
will find it there—that the only power that is con-
ferred on this Federal Government in relation to
slavery in the Territories, i<3 the power, coupled
with the duty, to protect it in the Territories.
That is the supreme law of the land, pronounced
by the Supreme Court of the United States, for
which you all have so much reverence. Gentle-
men, I appeal to you 
Mr, CLINGMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a single question in this connection ?
Mr. HALE. Not now. The Senator can get
the floor right after me.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator adopt that construction of the law and the
Constitution ?
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I will say this:
there is a vacancy on the bench of the Supreme
Court; and if Mr. Lincoln should nominate me
to that place, and the Senate should confirm me,
then I will tell you, [laughter;] and then my opin-
ion will be worth something. But, sir, the opin-
ions of the Supreme Court do not depend on the
question whether 1 adopt them or not; and I think
the honorable Senator from North Carolina never
would go home and tell his people, "My friends,
this is all a sham. This Dred Scott decision is
not worth a straw. It does notprotect your prop-
erty worth acent;for I,myself, putit to Mr. Hale
in the Senate, and he would not tell whether he
considered it binding or not." Now, sir, that is
the law. 1 know that is the judgment pronounced;
and I tell you, gentlemen—I am talking plainly,
and 1 trust not unkindly—you are not backing
your friends as you ought to dfl, by intimating
that the decisions of the Supreme Court want any
bolstering up here by acts of Congress. If any
member of the bar of that Supreme Court should
be found in the court giving utterance to the ex-
pression of such an opinion as that, that one of
their decisions needed the sanction of this Con-
gress, I am not sure that he would not be dealt
with for a contempt. He certainly ought to be.
Then, sir, you do not want them. Do you
want to give us anything? We do not want it.
Do you want to concede to us anything? Do
you want to give anything that you have got?
You have got the whole. Keep it. Make the
most of it. You have got it in the most solemn
form in which you ever can get it; and ifyou are
to get it by an act of Congress on the top of that
decision of the Supreme Court, I tell you, you
weaken rather than strengthen your title. Then
you have got theGencral Government; you have
got Congress; you have got the Supreme Court;
you have got every State court except the court
of Wisconsin; and you have got everything on
earth that you want, except one thing; and that
you are trying to get. It has come to that at last.
You are trying to bring the majority under the
minority; and I do not know but you will do that.
If you do, it will be done by way of compromise.
Now, sir, let me say that I think, when 1 ex-
press my reverence for the Constitution, and my
willingness to abide by it, and the whole of it, in
every part and particle of it, I do, at least prima
facie, give some evidence to the world that I am
a Union-loving man. I tell the Senator from Illi-
nois, he ought not to be shocked—and I think he
does violence to his moral nature in allowing him-
self to be shocked—when the honorable Senator
from Virginia gets up and speaks in commenda-
tion of the Constitution; and i give it my assent.
So far from being shocked, I was rejoiced at it. I
was rejoiced that the Senator from Virginia gave
utterance to those sentiments; and 1 accord with
them to the fullest extent.
But, now, as I see I have—what I do not often
have—the ear of the honorable Senators from the
State of Virginia, I would, if it be not arrogant,
speaking here for my country, address a single
word to-day to the great State of Viigima.
Against the advice of some friends with whom I
usually sympathize and generally follow, I was
pleased that the State of Virginia had instituted
and organized a meeting of commissioners to
meet in this Federal Capital, on the 4th of the
next month, to advise about matters relating to
the common welfare. 1 should have been a little
better pleased—but 1 was not consulted about
that—if the time had been put off a little longer, a
few days, so that we might have had a little more
time for consultation. I was pleased, too, that
Virginia had not yet forgotten all the ties that
bound the old thirteen States together. 1 was
pleased that her mission was sent out not only
to the slaveholding but to the non-slaveliolding
States, and that they were all invited to come.
1 will say here, what has not yet transpired to the
public, and perhaps is of very little interest to the
public, that when the announcement was made on
this floor that the State of Virginia had initiated
this measure, I, in consultation with my colleague,
and our colleagues in the other House, joined in
an earnest recommendation to the Governor of
the State of New Hampshire, asking him to send
commissioners to meet those who would be sent
from the other States, telling him it was our opin-
ion, upon the best consultation we could have in
the shoit time allowed us, that such a measure
as that would be salutary in its consequences.
What effect that advice may have upon his ex-
cellency, the Governor of New Hampshire, I
know not. Perhaps he may not feel authorized
to take that, responsibility in the absence of the
Legislature.
But, sir, if there be a State in this Union that
has more than any other State at issue, in the
discussions which arc passing to-day on the ques-
tion which now agitates this country, it is the
State of Virginia. 1 am willing to do justice every-
where, to everybody; and I recognize that it was
Virginia whose philosophic statesmen portrayed
to the eyes of heaven and earth the story of our
rights and wrongs in the Declaration of indepen-
dence with an eloquence rarely equaled, never
equaled since He spake as never man spake. I
recognize that it was a chosen son of Virginia
who, by his patience, his prudence, and his valor,
led our ar-mies through the war of the Revolution;
and after all the victories which he had gained
over the foes of his country had given him a place
in the annals of time second to no man, lie won
a greater victory than all that, over himself, when
he laid down the insignia of military authority
and bowed in humble submission to the foot of
the civil power. I recognize all that; and 1 know
further, that among the illustrious men whose
valor won and whose wisdom preserved, by the
consolidation of the Constitution, the liberties of
this country, there is another honored name, an
ancestor of the honorable Senator from Virginia.
Sir, I wish, as long as time lasts, thatthe fame of
Virginia may be illustrated by no less illustrious
names than that which is worn by the distin-
guished Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] If
he does not always speak the sentiments which
best accord with my own, if his manner to an un-
sophisticated man, not accustomed to it, some-
times savors a little—I will say of plantation man-
ners. because 1 was on a plantation once, and I
know the kindness of their manner—but if his
manner does sometimes indicate to an unsophis-
ticated observer that Virginia is not a State, but
the State of the Union, I forgive it all, because
I can nevei obliterate from my heart the recollec-
tion of that debtof giatitude which I, in common
with all of us, owe to Virginia.
But I tell you, Senators from Virginia, if I am
not trespassing on the proprieties of this place,
all the fame that your glorious ancestors have
won for your glorious State; all the glorious mem-
ories of the great men that have illustrated your
history, will go out in that eternal darkness which
shall shroud the liberties of this Republic, if Vir-.
ginia leads in this raid of secession. I tell you,
sir, the liberties of this country, for weal or for
woe, depend upon the conservation of this Union.
The very preservation of its liberties depends upon
the conservation of this Union; and that great
sentiment, so eloquently and so ably pronounced
by a distinguished Senator from Massachusetts—
not now on this floor, or among the living—of
" Liberty and Union, one and inseparable, now
and forever," is as true now as it was then. It
was true then; it is true in the present; and it will
be true in the coming future.
I have trespassed upon the Senate longer than
I meant to do; but I cannot close without making
one more appeal—an appeal to every man that
values liberty,to dispel fiom his imagination for-
ever the idea that liberty is to be sought in the
separation and secession of these States. I see
the impatience of my friend from Texas, [Mr.
Wigfall.] He is impatient that my poor voice
may be hushed, and that he may be permitted to
illuminate this Chamber with the radiance of the
Lone Star fiom Texas. He shall have the floor
soon. But I tell you, gentlemen of the seceding
States, your history is wntten. It wants no
prophet to proclaim it. It is written. Do you
ask where? In the history of the Republics of
Mexico and South America. Go there, sir, and
you will read it to-day. Ten years hence, you
may read it, rewritten, on other pages; the story
the same, the name only changed.
Now, sir, let me say a word in behalf of my-
self personally, in regard to this matter. I feel a
degree of personal responsibility in connection
with this subject. I am ready to concede every-
thing that is consistent; and if " concede" is not
the word, give me the word and I will use it. I
am willing to do everything that is consistent
with my moral duty and with a patriotic desire
to serve my country, and serve it faithfully: but
I tell you, sir, the difficulty does not lie there.
Madness rules the hour. Reason is subverted;
passion triumphant. What do we want, then?
We want time, that is all. We want a little of
the healing influences of time, and we want to ap-
peal to that sober second thought of the people of
this whole Union, which a distinguished states-
man of other days said was always right. We
want to wait for that, and let that come in, and
settle that which we, in this hour of passion, are
not competent to do. If there are those of these
States that cannot, and will not, be satisfied, in
Gods name, let them go. I tell you, sir, the
Union will be preserved nevertheless. Its stars
and stripes shall still float in the valleys and over
the mountain tops. True hearts shall rally around
it. It shall preserve the literature, the learning,
the liberty, and the religion of the land; and when
you that have gone off, like the prodigal son, in
the far country, filling your belly with the husks
which the swine did eat, turn at last to this Union,
then, sir, and not until then, will we kill the fatted
calf,and rejoice thatthe lost is found and the dead
alive again. [Applause in the galleries.]
