1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
Constitution, this right of the citizen, may be
swept away at any moment by a State secession
convention. Sir, I stand here to deny that prop-
osition. With uplifted hand, I deny that.any
State of this Union, or all the States of this
Union combined, acting as States, can rightfully
deprive any citizen of his guarantied privileges.
In the name of the people of the Republic, I de-
clare that no power, save the sovereign power of
the people themselves, can rightfully separate
any portion of this country from the rest, or sever
the sacred ties which bind together its various
parts. And, above all—above all, sir, do I de-
clare that no State can rightfully strike down
that unity of government which, in the words
of Washington, constitutes us one people, and
which is the main pillar in the edifice of our real
independence, the support of our tranquillity at
home, of our peace abroad, of our happiness, of our
prosperity, and of that very liberty which we so
highly prize. And I further deny, in the name
of the American people, that any State can right-
fully let loose in our midst the demon of discord,
to breathe upon us from his shriveled lips famine,
pestilence and death, to blast our fields, and defile
our hearths and altars with the blood of fratri-
cide.
Now, that the Constitution has been wantonly
violated, and its supremacy defied; now, that
our flag—the flag of the Union, consecrated to
freedom by the sacrifice of blood—has been torn
down, and surrendered to traitors; now, that our
forts, our arsenals, our custom-houses, our arms,
and our treasure have been unlawfully seized; now,
that our citizens, charged and chargeable with no
offense, save their loyalty to the Constitution, and
'their fidelity to their allegiance, have been driven
by mobs into exile or cast by mobs into prison, we
are gravely told to deliberate, not whether we will
maintain the Constitution and the supremacy of
the laws, but whether we will not make compro-
mises with, and concessions to, rebels. I believe,
sir, that the duty of to-day, enjoined by our oaths
upon every Representative and upon every Sena-
tor, is to strengthen the arm of the Executive by
such additional legislation as will enable him to
summon the people of the whole country, from
the North and the South, from the East and the
West, to the rescue of a violated Constitution.
I have believed this to be our first duty from the
beginning of this trouble; and hence it was that
I voted against raising any committee of compro-
mise.
Acting upon this conviction, on the 12th of last
December, t introduced a resolution, by leave of
this House, requesting your special committee to
report such additional'legislation as would enable
the Executive to put down rebellion, to protect
the property of this Government, its forts and
its aims, its treasure and its munitions of war,
against unlawful seizure; especially to protect its
loyal citizens everywhere, and in every place,
against the unlawful violence inflicted upon them
because of their fidelity to the Constitution. But,
sir, these suggestions have, thus far, met with but
little favor on either side of this House. Gentle-
men may think—and their ownjudgmentcertainly
must be and ought to be the rule of their conduct
—that compromise is best, that conciliation is best,
and that the surrender even of principle, to some
extent, is best. I am constrained to differ with
them; to dissent, totally dissent, from ali such
opinions. Acting, sir, upon my own convictions
of duty—m order to check rebellion and assert
the authority of the Government—1 introduced into
this House, some thiee weeks ago, whatisknown
as the "force bill;'' that law winch proved so
efficient to suppress the rebellion of 1633 under
the administration of the patriot President, An-
drew Jackson.
As yet, this important measure has received no
consideration in this House; and allow me to add
the t it is no fault of mine thdt it has not been
acted upon. Why, sir, when remedial legisla-
tion like this is proposed, we are told by the other
side of the House that every State has the right
to secede, and that the Government of the United
States cannot coerce a State; and that, therefore,
the only way in winch we can maintain the Con-
stitution and the laws is by making concessions
to, and compromises with, the seceding States.
New Series—No. 6.
Sir, whoever makes that assertion proceeds upon
the assumption that the Government of the Uni-
ted States is dependent for its administration—
—nay, for its existence—upon the assent of each
and every State. And they must further assume
that the Government of theUnitod States is the mere
creature of the States as such. I deny both these
assumptions. Gentlemen who thus speak must
suppose that they still live under the Articles of
Confederation, and that all legislative power in
Congress is exercised by us only as the collective
Representatives of independent States. The fact
is otherwise. In the exercise of our legislative
powers, under the Constitution, the Representa-
tives chosen in each State donot vote collectively,
as the Representatives of any State, but vote indi-
vidually, each upon his own judgment, and all
for the whole country, and for no particular State.
The Constitution of the United States vests in the
national Government the powers of general sov-
i ereignty; while each State government is invested
' by the people therein with only the powers of
municipal authority. %
Who does not know, as the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. MillsonJ stated yester-
day, that State governments are governments of
delegated authority? Who ever heard of a gov-
ernment transferring its delegated powers, redel-
cgating them to another body-politic, to a new
government? No one. The Constitution of the
United States came from the people, within the
limits of their respective States. The people or-
dained the Constitution of the United States, and
vested the Government of the UnitedStates with
the general sovereignty of this country. By that
same act they stripped every State within the
Union of the general sovereignty which before
that time was lodged in it.
That, sir, is my position. The people ordained
the Constitution of the United States, not the
States. Mr. Pendleton, in the Virginia conven-
tion, on the adoption of the Constitution, said:
" Who but the people can delegate powers; who but the
people have a light to lbim governments.'*
Itrequires no argumentto prove that the people,
and the people alone, formed the Constitution ot the
UnitedStates; it is written on the fore-frontof that
instrument. c< We, the people of the United States,
do ordain and establish this Constitution.5' That
waft a sublime act; it was the organization of a
nation under a common Government. The peo-
ple ordained, and it was done. It was of this wise
and beneficent action of men that the great Roman
orator and statesman spoke, when he said:
"There, is nothing done upon earth more acceptable to
that God who rules the universe than m those assemblage-,
anddclibeiauons of men, rightfully associating together and
constituting government's for nations."
The Constitution is the law for the govern-
ment of this great nation. By means of it, this
people became one, and the nation came to be.
All governmental powers under that Constitution
can be exorcised only by the people, through their
duly chosen agents.
What, then, becomes of the assertion that a Stale
has a nght to secede from the Union? That is
the basis of the argument for compromise and for
concession. I grant you that, if this asserted
right be well founded, there is nothing left for us
to do than to make such compiomises and to grant
such concessions as the seceding States may de-
mand. But I deny this asserted State right. Has
• a State a right to seccdc from the Union? What is
secession ? It is a partition of the Republic,; it is a
contraction of the limits of the Republic; it is the
absolute exclusion of the jurisdiction of the United
States, as a Government, from the limits of the
acceding State; and finally, it is a total abro«dtion,
within the limits of the seceding State, of all the
civil rights of thirty million freemen as Ameri-
can citizens. That is secession. It is, therefore,
simply disunion. Disunion, secession' This,
! we are told, is a peaceable remedy for the redress
of grievances. A peaceable remedy ! which sun-
ders a great nation. A peaceable remedy i which
i strikes down a free constitution. A peaceable
■ remedy! which extinguishes the rights of thirty
! million American citizens. A peaceable rem-
j edy! which blots a great people from the map of
i nations. You might as well talk about a peace-
I able earthquake, which rends the earth asunder ;
and buriesitsinhabitantsinacommonruin. You
might as well talk to me of a peaceable storm,,
which fills the heavens with darkness and the
habitations of men with desolation and death.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that peaceable
State secession is a constitutional remedy. A con-
stitutional remedy! I commend gentlemen, who
tell me that, to ponder upon these strong words
in the Constitution of the United States:
"This Constitution, and the laws and treaties made in
pursuance thereof, shall be the supreme law of the iand;
and the judges of every State shall be bound thereby, any-
thing in the Constitution and laws of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding."
I also commend gentlemen to consider that other
provision of the Constitution, that the citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of American citizens in the seve-
ral States. When they have read those two pro-
visions, I ask them to tell me by what logic they
arrive at the conclusion that any State of this
Union, either through its conventionoritsLegis-
lature, may abolish the rights of citizens of the
United States within its limits, or may make a
law paramount to the Constitution of the United
States, and the laws and treaties made in pursu-
ance thereof. I ask gentlemen to read the words
of the great commoner of Kentucky—Henry
Clay—who died too soon', I fear, for the interests
of his country, and who now sleeps in his hon-
ored grave at Lexington. He said, sir, "my
allegiance to my country is paramount; my al-
legiance to Kentucky is subordinate." He said,
too, that he would not adhere to Kentucky in her
resistance to the laws of his country; that he
would not follow her standard in unjust rebellion
against the Union. Never, never, never! So
spoke the patriot and the statesman.
Mr. Speaker, if this asserted constitutional right
of secession exists it follows that the powers of
this Government can only be exercised upon the
voluntary assent, express or implied, of each
State, and it results that our national Constitution
is a sham; that instead of foiming a "more per-
fect Union," it has formed no Union, and is the
veriest embodiment of weakness and imbecility.
If this right of secession exists under the Con-
stitution, then all the people of the Republic may
not, and cannot by their laws, duly executed,
bind a State with but half the population of the
city of New York, if such State dissents and se-
cedes. If this right exists, each State is the sole
judge of the occasion for its exercise, and the
other States mustacquiesce in the act of secession.
These are the lame and impotent conclusions of
those who assert the right of State secession. No
one, I think, can seriously adopt or even entertain
such conclusions. The very terms of the Con-
stitution exclude such conclusions.
Sir, the powers granted by the Constitution to
the National Government, and expressly with-
held from the States, very clearly leave no room
for the asserted right of secession. What are the
powers of this Government? In general terms,
they arc these: to regulate commerce, domestic
and foreign, between the several States, and with
all foreign nations; to make treaties; to coin money
and regulate its value; to define and punish fel-
onies committed on the high seas, and offenses
against the law of nations; to declare war; grant
letters of marque and reprisal; to raise and sup-
port armies; and to provide and maintain a navy,
and make rules for their government; to organize
and arm and call forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union; suppress insurrections and re-
pel invasions; to declare the punishment of trea-
son; and to make all needful and proper laws for
the execution of these powers, and all other pow-
ers vested by the Constitution in the Government
of the United States, or m any department or
officer thereof. All these powers thus vested in
the General Government are withheld from the
States, and by the words of the Constitution,
each State is expressly prohibited from exercising
them.
In pursuance of these grants of power Congress
has legislated; and every State law in contraven-
tion of this legislation of Congress is, by the
words, and every intendment of your Constitution,
void. This Government has prescribed the pun-
ishment of treason, declaring that, if any person
