1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
Mr. WIGFALL. Mi*. President, I desire to
say a few words, and but very few, in reference
to the matters that have been under discussion
this morning; and I obtrude upon the Senate for
the reason that I and my colleague, I believe, are
the only remaining Senators from those States
which have seceded, or certainly will.
Two months have elapsed since the Congress
of the United States met; since it was proposed
that the Union should be saved; since committees
were raised in both Houses; since propositions
were referred to them; and wc have not progressed
one hair's breadth. The distinguished Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who is not pres-
ent, who was advertised to make a Union speech
some two weeks ago, discussed matters and things
generally; and when he came to the practical ques-
tion, said that, as to the secession of these cotton
States, it was so trivial a matter that he really did
not think it was worth his while to stop and dis-
cuss it. lie passed that over as one of the inci-
dents that was worthy barely of an allusion, but
of nothing more. I did not hear his speech to-
day, and therefore cannot speak as to that.
I am a plain, blunt spoken man. I usually say
precisely what I mean, and I always mean pre-
cisely what I say. I am for the Union and the
Constitution of 1787, according to my under-
standing of it. If this Government could be ad-
ministered in accordance with the principles of
the Union that was ratified by the old thirteen
States, that became binding between them as
States, and my advice could be heard in the State
which 1 in part represent upon this floor, Texas
would not now he considering the question as to
the propriety of withdrawing from tins Confed-
eration. But that is not so. There is a radical
difference of opinion as to the very forms of Gov-
ernment under which we are living. The man
who administers the Government differs from his
party. It is said that we have had the Govern-
ment in our hands; that the Democratic party
have it in their hands now. Every one—as this
is a day in which platforms are discussud—who
has ever read the platform of the Democratic
party, knows that the President of ths United
States docs not stand upon it. He denies flatly
and unqualifiedly that the Constitution is a com-
pact binding between States, So says the plat-
form upon which he was elected; and if he ever
read the Kentucky and Virginia resolutions, and
understood them, I would say, if it weie an in-
dictable offense to-day, that he could be indicted
for obtaining office under false pretenses. He
regards this as a consolidated Government, in
which the withdrawal of a State is a matter of
not the slightest consequence, and that the only
duty that devolves upon him is to enforce the
laws of the United States as well out of the Uni-
ted States as in it. That is his high sworn duty,
and he is going on that road rapidly driving us
into war; and tlie other House, and those who sit
in this Chamber, arc silting idly and listlessly
gazing on, when every man within the sound of
my voice knows that the very next news that may
be flashed upon the lightning from Ponsacola or
Charleston may be that the Federal troops and
the troops of Florida and South Carolina are in
deadly conflict. And yet Senators get up here kud
taikaboutthe Union, and desire that there should
be peace, and their wish to preserve it; and they
laugh and jest upon the subject.
1 rose specially and particularly to reply to the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] and to ex-
plain in perfect good temper that he has done me,
and those who voted with me, the grossest injus-
tice. He alluded to our vote upon the Clark res-
olutions, as they are called. What were the Clark
resolutions t They were resolutions asserting that
no amendments to the Constitution were neces-
sary; and that the only matter of importance was
that coercion should be used upon the sovereign
States that had declared themselves out of this
Union. When those resolutions came up as a
substitute for the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky, every single Senator who belongs to
the dominant party—the party that is to be in-
trusted with the reins of Government on the 4th
of March next—every single Senator, from the
Union-loving Senator from New^ork [Mr.Sew-
ard] down to the most impracticable, voted for
the Clai k resolutions as a substitute for the Crit-
tenden resolutions. They happen temporarily to
be in a minority; but they have the Government;
they represent the majority party. Without their
assent, without their cordial aid and cooperation,
we know that the Constitution cannot be amended;
that no compromise can be made. What, then,
was the use of our stultifying ourselves ? What
was the use of our sitting here, and voting down
resolutions which expressed the opinion of the
dominant party of the country, in order that the
Senator from Illinois might write letters, or tele-
graph to different States, that the Union was about
to be saved; that the Crittenden resolutions had
been passed through the Senate. I did not intend
to make myself a party to the fraud; and there-
fore, when the question came up between the Crit-
tenden and Clark resolutions, I, for one, forbore
to vote. I knew that the Senators upon that side
of the Chamber had the majority. We had ap-
pealed to them; wc had begged them, in God's
mercy, and for the good of their own people, and
for the peace of the country, to interpose, and to
settle this question upon some safe basis.
The Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
to my utter astonishment, to-day said that he had
been for compromise all the time, and defied any-
body to say that ho had opposed any single one
of the resolutions that were referred to the com-
mittee of thirteen. Now 1 was not a member of
that committee, but it was published in the news-
papers, it was asserted upon this floor, it was as-
serted in his presence time and again, that he voted
against eveiy single proposition. If the Senator
—1 see him now in his seat—desires to make an
explanation of this, if I have misunderstood, I
will give way with pleasure. He docs not wish
to make the explanation, and therefore it must
go. How,then,the SenatorfromNewYork could
say to-day that he had not opposed these adjust-
ments, and yet had persistently voted m the com-
mittee of thirteen against every proposition of
peace, is one of the problems which I can not solve.
What was his vote upon the floor of the Senate,
when the question came up between the Critten-
'den resolutions and the Clark resolutions? He
voted for the Clark resolutions as a substitute.
One of the Senators on that side, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] moved to recon-
sider. My name was one of the last that was
called. I listened, and I heard the roll called
through, and from the first to the last, from Alpha
to Omega, they answered no. The Senator from
Pennsylvania himself moved to reconsider, and it
was Hashed upon the telegraphic wires over the
country, all hope is not gone; the Senator from
Pennsylvania has relented; he has moved to re-
consider; and yet, when his motion came up to
he considered, the Pennsylvania Senator was one
of the first men to vote against his own motion.
Therefore, when my name was called, I voted
against, reconsidering also, and i would do it again.
I "shall vote for no resolution that is brought here
to compromise, which does not receive the sup-
port of the Republican party. What use is theic,
what sense is there in voting to propose a question
to the people when the dominant party, the party
that is coming into power, will oppose the com-
promise which we propose to make?
I am not silly enough to suppose that those
Senators are not representative men. I believe
none of this twaddle which I hear every day that
the Representatives are on one side, and their
people on the other. I know that the vice of our
Government is, that men too closely represent
the passions, the opinions, and the prejudices of
their constituents, and that it is only here and
there you find a man who can raise himself above
the low demagoguism of the country, stand for
himself, think for himself, speak for himself, and
go back to his constituents, and trusting to their
wisdom, to their intelligence, and to their virtue,
explain to them that he had voted against their
instructions for their own good. My experience
m life has been, that those men who talk most
about the wisdom and the intelligence of the peo-
ple, arc those who least believe it. Therefore, I
say that I am myself entirely satisfied that those
Senators represent their constituents, as I know
and feel that 1 represent the feelings of the people
amongst whom I live.
Under these circumstances, I am not willing to
mislead those who have intrusted me here as one
of the guardians of their safety and of their honor.
I therefore vote for no resolutions which do not
receive the sanction of the Republican party. I
vote for no unmeaning paper which is to be left
to the people to vote. What, in the name of God,
is it that the Crittenden resolutions propose ? It
is that the people of the United States, as a single
political community, shall be allowed the priv-
ilege of voting upon the proposition as to whether
they would like to vote at some subsequent time
upon some propositions. If those resolutions be
more or less than that, then I have read them in
vain. The Senator from Kentucky himself does
not pretend that they mean more than that. He
does not introduce resolutions here to amend
the Constitution specifically, and submit those
amendments to the States for ratification. If, on
the first day that Congress assembled, some one
who desired to save the Union had introduced
proper amendments in this Senate or in the other
House, and the Republican party had relented;
had been willing to abandon their platform and
their principles; had voted for those resolutions;
had submitted them to their Legislatures, and
written private letters to their Governors to as-
semble their Legislatures, and three fourths of
those States had ratified them, then we would
have seen something like earnestness in the effort
to save the Union. But no such thin  was done.
It is only last night that I saw in a leading Repub-
lican paper what purported to be an extract from
Mr. Lincoln's own writing, declaring that he was
utterly and wholly opposed to any compromise.
Under these circumstances, what is there to be
gained by this tampering with the question? I
will tell you what. It was hoped that the people
of the South would be amused; that the action of
the secession party would be defeated; that Abra-
ham Lincoln would be inaugurated; that the Pres-
identoftheUnited States would hold the forts and
keep the arms and munitions of this Government;
that with a full Treasury, with a well-disciplined
Army, a well-manned Navy, Mr. Abraham Lin-
coln would be inaugurated President of these
United States, and then we would be told, you
have to submit or be overrun. But, in the provi-
dence of God, the people took this thing in their
own hands. South Carolina was the first to move.
The Government pledged itself to non-action.
The Government violated its pledge. They saved
one fort, but they lost their honor. South Car-
olina lost one fort, but she saved her honor. Un-
derstanding the party they were to deal with, the
flag of truce having been soiled, the other States
seized upon the forts and the arms within them,
and were prepared, even before secession, to de-
fend the right.
So stands the thing now. What, then, is the
use of getting up here and making speeches about
the Union? Docs any Senator on the other side
intend to save it except with the bayonet ? If so,
let him get up and tell us how. The Senator from
Illinois has this morning again suggested to us
his " great punciple." It is a specific for all things.
1 do not know whether he has a patent for it or
not; but really Doctor Townsend's sarsaparilla
pales when it comes within the light of the "great
principle" of non-intervention. That is the ques-
tion: amend the Constitution so as to say that
Congress shall not ever hereafter have the right
to interfere with slavery in any manner, shape,
or form, either to abolish or to protect. Why, I
tell the Senator that that gieat piinctple of his dis-
i rupted the Demociatic party, and has now dis-
rupted the Union; and but for him and his groat
principle, this day a Democrat would have been
President of the United States, and the Union
saved. That is the fact about the matter; and
when a Senator who has contributed more than
any man in the Union, according to his ability,
to the destruction of the country, comes here and
charges me with complicity in dissolving the
Union, and charges in terms that extremes meet,
and that 1 and my fiiends, and the Fiee-Soilers on
the other side, are cooperating for the same pur-
pose; that we are voting together, and that we
take great comfort in al) these exhibitions of the
impossibility of saving the Union, I tell him that
he is not the man to come here and preach to any-
body.
From my youth upwards, I have been m favor
of tills Union. I am in favor of it now; and be-
cause 1 am in favor of it, I am, to use a paradox,
m favor of disrupting it. It is to preserve it that
I would dcbtioy it. The Constitution has been
trampled under foot, the pnnciplesof the Consti-
tution have been misunderstood, and a Constitu-
tion and Union have been substituted which were
