1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
Government to the destruction of their party or-
ganization, be separated from the Union men of I
the country. . j
The people will understand these professions
of love while the dagger is beingused; these pro-
fessions of devotion to the Union while there is
a refusal to meet the question, to consider it m a
spirit of conciliation, and to adjust it upon terms
of fair compromise. .Neither party is exclusively
responsible for these disasteis. Neither can evade
ths* responsibility, if it does not meet this question
aVBvr&ve the Union by compromise. I am ready
to'act with any man who will show his devotion
to the Union by his willingness to make the con-
cessions of pride and of party policy which are
necessary to save it. I will extend the right hand
of fellowship m this emergency to a personal en-
emy. I would meet him m patriotic council as a
brother, even if 1 did not speak to him in the open
street. 1 will make any concession that is just
and fair—alike just to the North and the South,
to the free States and the slave States—that will
put an end to all this controversy*, and my confi-
dence in the patriotism of Senators is one of the
chief souiees of hope that some adjustment will
yet be effected here. If I fail in that expectation,
my confidence in the patriotism oi the American
people, North and South, even in New England
and in the cotton States, justifies me in the hope
that the spirit that animated the fathers has not yet
become extinct in dieir posterity. I do hope, and
hope with ci stout heart. I believe that by the
expression of that hope I du an act of justice;
and certainly pay a high compliment to those in
whom I repose that confidence. 1 did notexpect
to be called to account in tht so Hal's for express-
ing a hope that tins Government was not to be
destroyed, that this Union was not to be severed .
I have seen the time when men were expelled
from the Halls of Cougtess for introducing aboli-
tion petitions; and now I have lived to seetneday
when a Senatoi is rebuked for expiessing his own
silent hop<; that the Union may still last.
Mr. WlGFALL. Mr. President, I have but
very few woi ds to say ni reply to tVuj Senator fiom
IlliMioiN He is hopeful. 1 did not object to his
hope, nor to his being hopeful, nor to his wish-
iti<r that the Union might be preserved. 1 was so
unhappy m my remarks as to make myself en-
tirely niisundeistood. It was not that he hoped
" thus glorious Union" would be preserved; but
he believed it would be, and had reasons for be-
lieving it. Now, I say that a man who believes
that this Union rs going to be preserved by any
amendment being made to the Constitution——-
M r. DOUGLAS. Allow me to correct the Sen-
ator?
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In each one of the letters and
telegraphic dispatches to which he refers, the word
" hop-.;" was used, not " belief;" but 1 will say^
now that I have reasons satisfactory to myselt
upon which to predicate that firm hope that the
Union will be preserved. [Applause in the gal-
1UMr".WlGFALL. I will give way to the Sen-
ator to state—and I am sure the country will be
greatly obliged to lum for stating, and tile cause
which he has so much at heart will bo greatly
aided if he will state—the reason upon wlucn this
hope and belief is founded.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will take great pleasure in
doing so. I see indications every day of a dis-
position to meet this question now and consider
what is necessary to save the Umon;and if those
advances in that direction were met in a spirit ot
kindness and courtesy, instead of being repelled,
we should see more of them; and I believe that, as
the crisis approaches, as the time of salvation be-
comes short, all men will become convinced that
their duty to themselves, to their country, and to
then- God, requires them to make concessions, in
ouler to save the country; and I see the evidences
of it here every day. If tly Senator will just fol-
low me, instead of going off to Texas; sit here,
and act in conceit with us Union men, we will
make him a >e; y efficient agent in accomplishing
the object. (Applause 1.1 the gai.cnes ]
M- M iSON Mr.President,Ishallbeobhged
to "move again that the galleries be cleared, to pre-
sen'* the dignity and repose of the, o-nate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Fitch.]
The Chair has expected that motion for half ail
hour past.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. Let it be done.
Mr. WIGFALL.. They will not be kept hire
much longer by me. I asked the Senator from
Illinois to°give us the giound 011 which he pre-
dicated his"hope. He answers me that he predi-
cates it on the demonstrations made here every
day. I have not seen them. I call for specifica-
tions. What is it that has been proposed? What
Senator has proposed a practical measure which
will be voted for by a single Republican? Now,
give mc the facts. I ask for facts, not for words.
I want bread, not stones.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not ask the Senator
what occurs in his consultations about Port Sum-
ter or Pensacola; and he does not ask me, of
course, for the details of the consultations that
we Union men are having with a view to save the
Union.
Mr. WIGFALL. Ah!
Mr. DOUGLAS. If he will just wait till we
bring in our proposition from day to day, he will
see that there is more hope than he now supposes.
Mr. WIGFALL. I am satisfied. I have no
objection to answering as to any of my corre-
spondence as to Pensacola or Fort Sumter. The
Senator feels some hesitancy in disclosing. There
is no treason certainly in endeavoring to save the
Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Nov in the other.
Mr. WIGFALL. There may be some toryism
in some of those States that have withdrawn. If
their citizens dare take up arms against their sov-
ereigns— and there may be toryism — tliey may
calf it treason there; but certainly there can he no
treason m disclosing a patriotic effort which the
Senator from Illinois is making. I hope that he
will not go off, because i may want^to ask him
something else. I merely want the Union saved
now; and if the Senator from Illinois would only
tell the country, so that we could let it go on the
wires, what it is he piedicates his hopes upon,
who it is that IS relenting, what the proposition is
that is going to be made, who is going to vote for
it—if he would only do that, the country would
be greatly relieved; but his vague belief that some-
thing or other will be done after tile Micawber
style, will not do. I do not know hut that it w<is
General Cass that used the illustration about the
sarsaparilla 
Mr. DOUGLAS. No. It was Mr. Benton or
Mr. Clay. ,
Mr. WIGFALL. ^ Well;accordni_g to the Mi-
cawber principle which the Senator fiom Illinois
seems to be practicing, he hopes that ''something
will turn up" at some time or other by which the
Union is going to be saved. I am really not one
of those who have acted upon that principle.
Now, 't is the merest bakieulash—that is whatit
is—it is the most unmitigated fudge for any one
to get up here, and tell men who have sense, who
have brains, that there is any prospect of two
' thirds of this Congress passing any proposition
as an amendment to the Constitution-, that any
mon who is white, twenty-one years old, and
whose hair is straight, living south of Mason and
Dixon's line, will be content uith. I say it is
balderdash; and the Senator cannot, state any sm-
o-le proposition that will get a vote on the other
side, or that has the slightest prospect of being
ratihed by a northern State. I object to this sort
of fudge being indulged in for the purpose of mis-
leading the people. . .
Now, I come to the Senator s constitutional
argument. He complains of my not reading the
Constitution, and he wants me to read it again.
Sir, I do read the Constitution; I have read it
often; I have read the decisions upon it; and I
apprehend that 1 understand something about it,
at least the construction that is put upon it in the
section of country in winch I live, and which 1
believe to be the true one; the construction tnat
Jefferson, that Madison, that Calhoun, that the
"Teat men of Virginia and South Carolina, always
put upon the Constitution. The Senator from
Illinois wants to know wheie I find in the Con-
stitution, the authority to protect slaves in the
Territories, or anywhere el-se upon sea or upon
land. He asks me seriously where it is in the Con-
stitution. Now, 1 should like the Senator from
Illinois to state to me, where he finds in the Con-
stitution the right to protect acargo sailing under
the (lag of the United States, after it has left one
of our°ports and is at sea, and has not reached
another port. I pause for a reply.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not choose to be cat-
echized, cat ego i icaliy, and have another gentle-
man hoid the floor over me in a debate. vVhen
the Senator gets through, I shall reply to so much
as I deem it necessary to reply to.
Mr. WIGFALL. It is usually considered, I
believe, a courtesy to give way and let a Senator
explain himself.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is, when he asks it; but
it was never deemed the courtesy of the Senate
that you have the right to propound questions
and demand categorical answers—by no means.
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If you are misapprehending
my position, it is my privilege to ask you to give
way for an explanation; and when the Senator
gets through, if I deem it necessary to reply to
his argument, I shall do so.
MiCWIGFALL. Then I am satisfied entirely;
perfectly satisfied. The Senator from Illinoiscan-
not find'any power in the Constitution to protect
property. I ask if this is a Government? If it
is, what was it instituted for? For the protection
of life, liberty, and property. "What sort of prop-
erty? and under what circumstances is this Gov-
ernment bound to protect life, liberty, and prop-
erty? When within the jurisdiction of the Fed-
eral Government in the Territories, in the navy-
yards or dock-yards, or in the District of Colum-
bia, and upon the high seas. Nobody doubts
that if a cargo should sail to-morrow from New
Yoik to New Oilcans,from any poit in the Uni-
ted States to any other port in the United States
 New Orleans is not now in the United States—
or if a cargo should sail under the flag ot the Uni-
ted States from New York to Liverpool, or any
other foreign port, and it were seized upon by any
individual or Government on the earth, it would
be the duty of this Government to protect it. I
say, then, that at the South we demand that slaves
shall be considered as property, and we ask no
more pioteetionfor them than we doforany other
species of property. We simply insist that we
shall not be tabooed, that our species of property
shall not be the only one which this Government,
that we have established,does not protect. That
is the position that we take. If the Senator from
Illinois wants to save the Union by keeping the
border States ill it, and inducing the cotton States
to come back, let him introduce a resolution to
amend the Constitution in that particular, and let
■ him and his Republican fiiends vote for it, and
give us any soit of assurance that it will be rat-
llied by the people, and I have no idea that any
other States will leave the Union, and I think
there is a strong probability that those that are
out will come back; but nothing short of this isa
lemedy.
It does not do for the Senator to get up nere
and talk about saving the Union. He cliarges
me and others with being opposed to any amend-
ments to the Constitution. Have I voted against
any? Have I shown any indisposition to adopt
any? Have I not, from the time that I came
to this Congress until the present moment, said
upon every occasion, that if propositions that
were practical were introduced to be carried out
in food faith, I would vote for them, and urge
their adoption* and urge upon the people whom!
represent that they should be satisfied with them ?
It was the thing that I desired most heartily;
but while I wanted propositions made, toted for.
and proposed to the States as amendments to the
Constitution, the Senator from Illinois has been
blatherskitmg about here on one side or the other,
and talking about the Union, without going for
anything practical. He proposes to-day nothing
as an amendment to the Constitution. If he
wanted to amend the Constitution to save the
Union, why did he not, two months ago, intro-
duce propositions? Why does he to-day, after
a two-months'discussion, get up here and pro-
pose to us, as a compromise, the most offensive
thins that he could possibly have proposed to the
j cotton States, to wit : non-intervention, tabooing
our property, and saying thattheFederalGovein-
; ment shall simply stay its hand, leaving this prop-
erty to the tender mercies of anybody who
attempts to trespassupon it' That is his position,
and what he proposes to us as a means of concil-
iation; as a means of' reconciliation to theJ3tates
that have already gone out; as a
means of com-
promise; asa means of peace, is the precise prop-
osition which was denounced from Dan to beer-
