1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong..'..2d Sess.
State of ihe Union—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
they cry " Coercion ! coercion !" They say we
are going to coerce a sovereign State of tins
Union*, going to invade their homes, violate the
sanctities of the domestic circle; and then declare
—and it sounds very formidable—-that they will
pour out their blood, every drop of it—intrench
themselves behind every blade of grass and defend
their wives and daughters and firesides to the very
last extremity, rather than be coerced. That is,
rather than let those robbers, and pirates, and
traitors be taken and hung. That is the simple
English of it. Coercion is simply this: When a
man who has committed a crime and takes refuge
in a private house, and the officers of justice come
to arrest him, it will not do for the inmates of that
household to interpose the sanctities of home be-
tween the law and its victim. " But what if the
whole family sympathize with and justify the of-
fender?5' Then I would burn the house and hang
every rebel, though a traitor dangled from every
tree of an unbroken forest. •
And so I say with regard to the State of South
Carolina, which interposed itself between the Fed-
eral Government and the constitutional adminis-
tration and execution of the Federal laws. It
cannot&vailitself of this cry of coercion. If they
thrust themselves between the United States and
the execution of its laws, and bid us defiance, and
say we shall not enforce obedience to the consti-
tutional enactments of the Federal Government,
then I say that the mighty wheels of this huge
Government must roll over any man, or number
of men, who stand between this Government and
the arrest of those who have violated its laws.
Sir, the 7th day of January, 18G1, is a day long
to be remembered in the annals of the American
people. On that day a steamboat, called the Star
of the West, was gliding over the waters of the
Atlantic into one of the ports of the United States.
A cannon-ball came hissing and skimming across
its prow; the stars and stripes sprang out to the
breeze—as if startled by an event so unusual—to
tell the persons, whoever they might be, that tired \
that shot, that the vessel aimed at was under the
protection of the stars and stripes. In a moment,
another ball comes hissing and plunging into its
sides—another, and another—and that Hag, for
the first time since its folds were unfurled to the
breeze, turned and flapped mgloriously by the
sides of the mast, and the vessel that bore it re-
turned to the place of its departure. Never before,
on the American continent, was that flag insulted.
The almanacs that our children will read among
the memorabilia of 1861, opposite the 7th day of
January, 1861, will have written, "The Ameri-
can flag, for the first time, fired upon by Amciican
citizens.3' I do not know how others may feci,
but I confess I cannot keep it out of my mmd—
these balls booming, hissing, disgracing, and de-
fying the flag of the United States, burn and sting-
to the very quick continually.
Mr. Speaker, it is under these circumstances,
with the flag of our country disgraced and in-
sulted—never before disgraced or insulted—that
we meet here to-day; and it is proposed to com-
promise, to concede, to conciliate. Compromise
with whom? With traitors who have fired on
our flag! Conciliate whom ? Rebels who have
bid your Government defiance ! Sir, whatever I
might yield under other circumstances, whatever
arrangements I might make, whatever compro-
mises I might give my vote to support, never, os
God lives, will I vote for one particle of compro-
mise until that insult is atoned, apologized for, or
avenged: never!
And what arc the compromises suggested? In
the first place, however, who are the high con-
tracting parties to this proposed peace arrange-
ment, and settlement of this whole question ?
The South and the North—slavery and freedom.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it docs seem to me that our
experience in making compromises and settling
difficulties in that mode does not afford any great
encouragement to enter into any now arrangement
of that nature for similar purposes;and 1 wish to
state distmcijy that, for one, 1 want to see this
force, comedy, or tragedy, whichever it may be,
of disunion, played out to  the very last act. 1
want to know jusi wh.it it is, and all that it is.
The fimt act has been played a good many times,
but we have never yet come to the fifth. We
began it in 1820, when southern gentlemen rose
in this Hall, left the floor, and declared they would
dissolve the Union if they could not get Mis-
souri in as a slave State. And they played a
comedy again in 1832, which, if General Jackson
had hnd his way, would have been a tragedy;
then they played another in 1840, and again in
1850. Now I say, without compromise, with-
out conciliation, without concession, let us un-
derstand what this disunion means; and let us
know in future whether South Carolina or Mis-
sissippi, or any other State, can peril the pros-
perity, send a thrill of mental anguish all over
this country, and bring upon thousands pecuni-
ary ruin, just by saying, " We will dissolve the
Union if you will not do so and so." It is not
consistent with the honor and safety of the na-
tional Government to adopt any measures what-
ever for the redress of any wrong, real or imagin-
ary, until the threat of disunion and rebellion is
removed. I want to know that before I will yield
any terms of compromise, concession, or concil-
iation. Until then my vote will be a calm, firm,
decided negative. There are no wrongs to re-
dress; and if there were, I would do nothing for
their removal until this game of scccssion has
been played out.
But whatarc the compromises proposed ? First,
the Breckinridgc platform is to be incorporated
into the Constitution; and I am to swear, when I
take the oath to support the Constitution, that
I will protect slavery in the Territories, and allow
itunlimited expansion and perpetuity. The very
proposition is an outrage to the Christian civiliza-
tion of the age.
What next? Before commenting, sir, on the
propositions distinctly recommended by the com-
mittee of thirty-three, I desire to allude to some
remarks of the chairman, made on Monday last,
when submitting their icport.
That gentleman informed us that thirty years
ago his caivor in tins House began with a com-
promise; and ho seemsnotunwilhngthatitshould
close m a similar manner. As the men of that
period sowed the seed of future compromise, so
he—unwittingly, I presume—scatters the seminal
germ of a future harvest. In less than thirty
years, should we now yield to the clamor of the
slaveholding interest, menacing disunion, we shall
have a demand for a constitutional amendment
prohibiting the publication of anything from the
press, or the utterance of anything from the lips,
"intended " to excite servile insurrection. I know
that the gentleman placed a good deal of emphasis
on the word " intent." Why, sir, who has any
such intent? And could they carry out such an
intention ? Do the slaves take papers, or listen to
sermons, or hear lectures printed or uttered in the
free States? Is it not forbidden in most of, if not
all, the slaveholding States, to teach a slave to
read even the oraclcs of God? Sir, this innuendo
is aimed, if it have any meaning or purpose at all,
at the anti-slavery literature of the free States, to
the suppression of fiee speech, and the putting
down ol fanatical men like Lovejoy. [Laughter.]
Criminal intent is inferred from the natural tend-
ency of the act,-and will be appaient to compro-
misers frightened at the cry of disunion. And wc
shall have United States commissioners as censors
of the press, as we now have to aid in the capture
of fugitive slaves.
• Mr. DUNN. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Illinois that there is nothing in the repoit of
the committee of thirty-three which can be con-
strued into any proposed interference with the
freedom of speech or of the press.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not mean to say that
anything of this kind was in the leport of the
committee. I referred to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwist,] and am pre-
dicting the future aggressions of the slave power
if we yield to it? demands now. And the disguised
assault of the chairman on the anti-slavery, or '
even abolition press, seems to suggest and invite
such aggressions. I cannot forbear, sxr, turning
aside a moment from the report proper, to utter
my feeble voice of protect and reprobation against
a suggestion even lemoiely looking in this direc-
tion.
I nowcomo to the proposition as to New Mex-
ico. What is faid in defense of thiP: That it is
not much of a compromise. The South tells us
that if we subjugate them, we shnll ha\e to light
| for it. But we, more amiable, subjugate our-
selves, and, like the servile ox, bow our necksand
put on the collar they proffer, with the initials
" C. C.," (compromise collar,) and bless Qod
and " Massa" that it is no larger. We reach out
our wrists for handcuffs, and console ourselves
by saying, " It is not as bad as it might be; we
can move our fingers a little." We voluntarily
place our foot on the anvil to have the smith
rivet our fetters, and chuckle over the fact that
it is a trace, and not a log-chain. And, passing
from the august presence of our subjugators, with
collar, cuff, and chain, we rattle a Te Deum that
the collar is so narrow, the cuff so light, and the
chain so small.
Sir, the whole history of these compromises
should teach us that this slave power will leap
over all barriers in its clamorous and insatiable
demands. When anything is wanted to sustain,
defend, or perpetuate its dominion, which
threatens its supremacy, nothing is necessary ex-
cept to raise the cry of disunion, secession. Com-
promise, or we will dissolve the Union; and there
will be found a Judas to betray, a Peter to deny,
and a hired soldiery to drive the nails, and the form
of freedom is fastened, bleeding and quivering,
fo the accursed wood of compromise. I will none
of it. I demand to know—without compromise,
without conciliation, and without concession—I
demand to know whether I have a country;
whether I have a Government; or whether thirty-
two million people are to be turned out homeless
and orphans upon the world, floating like waifs
upon the ocean, without any government, and
without any protection, unless they hold it at the
mercy of some single State of this Union, or worse
still, at the nod of the slave power.
We were reminded, sir, of an ancestral name by
the speech of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Clemens] yesterday—a very excellent speech, by
the way. It was intimated in that speech that it
would be worthy of a certain gentleman on this
floor to lead off m this compromise. I would be
glad—if it be not improper, and I know it is not,
for nothing that I say is prompted by any other
feelings than those of kindness, respect, and esteem
—I would be glad to say that there was an old
revolutionary hero who declared: " Live or die,
sink or swim, survive or perish, I am for this res-
olution. " Sir, it was m this spirit that the nation
was born, and it is in this spirit that it must be
born again, or saved, and not by your temporizing
policy, not by concessions, not by conciliation.
Gentlemen of the North, of the South, and of the
whole Union, it is your interest, as it is mine, to
know whether you have a Government that has
any stability or not.
Mr. Speaker, I want to say a word to my
Republican brethren. [Laughter.] Gentlemen,
Representatives, you are asked to desert the party
and the principles which you were proud to up-
hold before the people, and when you entered this
House at the opening of the session; and the
question is, shall we abandon the cardinal arti-
cle of our faith—prohibition of slavery in thcTer-
litorics of the United States, and the Federal
Government released from its dictation and con-
trol? Perhaps this drift towards a compromise
foreshadows a purpose to organize a new party,
" sloughing off,'5 as the phrase is, the extremes,
both North and South. In this new arrangement
all the radicals like myself are to be left out. I
wish you a merry time of it, my masters. A
very interesting play, Hamlet with Hamlet left
out! There never was a party that had such a
golden opportunity since the organization of the
Government, as we had at the beginning of the
! session. What we needed was unity, firmness,
decision. If we had stood still, we should ere
this have seen the salvation of God. We ought
to have imitated Rarey as he stands in the center
of the inclosure with an untamed and infuriated
horse, sweeping around in still narrowing circles;
anon, with ears laid back, nostrils distended,and
open mouth, he rushes toward that immovable
man; the spectators tremble, and a wave of fear-
ful anxiety .sweeps over the multitude; but the
horse-tamer, without the twinge of a muscle,
keeps his eye fixed on that of the infuriated ani-
mal; and the latter, though he comes close to his
master, does not touch him, but turns again to
dart around the inclosure, again to rush toward
