1861.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36tii Cong."...2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Sickles.
Ho. of Reps.
petent for a State to enact any laws in regard to
property which are going to operate and be en-
forced in any territory outside of that State where
the laws are enacted. If a man is prohibited, as
he is in Indian territory, from taking there many
things which are recognized as property in New
York, he still might go there, but could not ex-
pect to carry with him the local laws of the State
from which ho went. A State might abolish all
laws against a plurality of wives. Could a citizen
of such State take a harem to the Territories?
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have but little time. Shall
I have an extension?
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will not
take up my time.
Mr. HINDMAN. I acknowledge tlmt I have
consumed a portion of the gentleman's time, and
I trust the House will allow him as much time as
I have consumed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. But I must pass on from this
point. I desire to get it distinctly before the
House, if I can, that whether compromises are,
in the nature of things, desirable and necessary
or not, still, at the present time, it is wholly im-
proper and utterly perilous to the country, to en-
ter into any compromise whatever. Every nation
has some nucleus thought, some central idea,
which they enshrine, and around which they
cluster and fasten. The old Roman citizen had
his Capitol and his Pantheon; Prance has her
Napoleon and military glory; England has her
constitutional monarchy; and the old Jews liad
then- temple and shekmuh. The American peo-
ple, sir, have this one central idea or thought,
embalmed and enshrined as a nucleus thought,
around which they all cluster, and to which they
all adhere with a spirit of superstitious idolatry:
the Union, the Constitution, the flag of their coun-
try, are a sort of trinity, to which the American
people pay political homage and worship.
And now, I insist, in this time of peril, of agi-
tation, and rebellion, it is no time to tamper with
that holy instrument around which all American
hearts cluster, and to which they cling with the
tenacity of a semi-religious attachment. Do this,
and by and by Pennsylvania, if she cannot have
protection for her coal and iron, which is her
negro, will dissolve the Union. If New York is
denied free trade, she will encircle the brow of
her mayor with the diadem and place the scepter
ill his hand. If Massachusetts fails to obtain her
fishing bounties, she will secede. If Maine cannot
have protection to her lumber and fishing inter-
ests, she will dissolve the Union. Michigan, I
believe, wants the St. Clair flats cleared; and if
you do not comply with her wishes in this re-
gard, she will throw herself upon her soveieignty,
dissolve the Union, and shed so much blood that
the ensanguined tide shall pour over Niagara's
rocks, and the fishermen at the mouth of the St.
Lawrence will be startled with the reddened ripple
around the prow of their boats, as was the mariner
on the Mediterranean when the waters of Egypt
were turned into blood. Illinois wants protection
for her beef; or, what is more likely, she will not
consent to pay tribute to Pennsylvania every time
she shoes a horse or sharpens a plow. Oregon de-
mands the payment of her war debt, or she will
throw oft' her allegiance. California demands the
building of a Pacific railroad, or she will erect a
Pacific republic. And so, sir, this grand fabric of
our Government, baptized m our fathers' blood,
and handed down to us to be in turn bequeathed
to our children, is at the beck and mercy of any
State that is disaffected or displeased in regard to
some Federal legislation, or, more preposterous
still, in reference to some State enactments. We
are like sea-weed, waifs on the ocean, without ;
anchorage, with no common rallying poult around \
which to cluster, where our hearts can center, and
where we can say: "In life or death, in weal or :
woe, sunshine or storm, we are for the flag of our i
country, ojir Constitution, and our Union." In ]
this, the hour of our peril, whatever may be our !
dissensions, it is unpatriotic and unstatesmanlike 1
to place all the glories of the past, all the immense
and varied interests of the present, and all the .
glorious hopes of tin1 future, at the mercy and
caprice of any one State in this Union. I think it i
is the highest statesmanship now, here, in this
very year of our Lord 1861, to settle this question,
without compromise, without concession, without
conciliation: have we a Government that is per-
manent and fixed, and that will protect and shel-
ter us ?
Mr. Speaker, Bonaparte said, while standing
on the sands of Egypt, near the Pyramids, " forty
centuries are looking down upon us." Repre-
sentatives, more than forty centuries are looking
down upon us. The past, the present, the future—
thirty million, forty million, fifty million, rising
up to one hundred million, who are to come and
live and pass away upon American soil—all these
are looking upon us; and standing in the presence
of that cloud of witnesses, and speaking for them
all, I say, "Maintain your Government pure and
simple, without compromise, and establish the
fact that it is permanent, stable, potent—a Gov-
ernment that must be obeyed at home, that thus it
may be respected abroad."
Mr. Speaker, the American Congress has a
higher and nobler mission than to be engaged in
the sacrilegious work of sacrificing the rights of
freedom to the interests of slavery. Slavery is
temporary; slavery is local; by the action of the
slave States it will pass away, as it has passed
away in New York and Pennsylvania. It ispro-
posed that we shall declare, by a constitutional
amendment, that we will never touch slavery in
the States; and you have heard what I have to
say about that. Bat suppose that Maryland, or
Virginia, or Kentucky, or Tennessee, want to
touch it; suppose they want us to pay them
something, and they will emancipate their slaves:
by this proposed amendment you bind the Fed-
eral Government, and lie the hands of the States,
and say that they shall not do anything of the
sort, unless every single slave State consents to
it. Virginia, Maryland, Kentucky, and Tennes-
see, are all to be placed in the power of the Gulf
States, who want to perpetuate this pi act ice for-
ever. It will not do, gentlemen. The interests
now trembling on your decision are too moment-
ous, too valuable, too far-reaching, for us to tam-
per or trifle with them, or to alter or amend in
one single iota that great charter of American
liberty , the Constitution of the United States.
Sir, it is a crime to make shipwreck of this
Government. Let the American people who
made this Government preserve it consecrated
to freedom. Let the great principles which un-
derlie it travel ill the greatness of their strength
and tile fullness of their beneficence round the
globe; and when the earth is encircled with an
ocean of republics fashioned afW our own, and
freedom's temple is complete, and the topstone
is brought in with shoutings of " freedom and
glory unto it," high, ill letters of light, on the
living stones of which that temple is built, shall be
written: The American Republic—The Ameri-
can Constitution, as having taught the people of
the earth that man's inalienable birthright was
Freedom.
STATE OF THE UNION
SPEECH OF HON. D. E. SICKLES,
OF NEW YOlUvj
In the IIouse of Representatives,
January 17, 1861.
The House iK'ni'z in the Committee of the YVliote on the
State of the Union—
Mr. SICKLES said:
Mr. Chairman: It is impossible to survey the
state of things which now exists in this country,
without being impressed by the remarkable par-
allel disclosed between the present relations of the
North and South and the relations which existed
between the mother country and the colonies prior I
to the commencement of the revolutionary war. i
I think, sir, that it is not too much to say that !
perhaps there is now more alienation of feeling,
and more political antagonism between the differ-
ent sections of this Confederacy, than prevailed
between the mother country and the colonies in
1774. We all know that the war of the Revolution
was not fought so much to escape actual oppres-
sion as for a principle; not so much to remove
material gi levonces that we suffered, as for general
rights winch we asserted.
There is now very much of this same sort of
conflict upon abstract questions. But it is never-
theless true that millions, of the population of
this country, with an unanimity never before wit-
nessed in our history, protest against what they
declare to be substantial grievances, injuries, spo-
liations, denial of essential rights, danger to prop-
erty, danger to life, to social security and peace,
and to all that communities hold mostdear. Several
of the southern States are endeavoring to escape
these consequences by measures which, whether
justly or wrongfully initiated, beyond all doubt
menace the dismemberment of this Confederacy,
the organization of one or more new governments
within our present limits, and possibly some
change in the political control of this continent.
When the controversy began between England
and the colonies, there was in England a force
party; and there was a party of conciliation.
George III and the Ministry inclined to measures
of the most vigorous coercion. Another great
and gallant party, led by Chatham and Burke,
and counseled by our own Franklin, proposed
conciliation and the recognition of the principles,
abstract though they might have been, which
were asserted by the colonies. The conciliation
party was overborne, and the party of force con-
trolled Parliament. Its policy prevailed, and it
was pursued to the end, with what results his-
tory lias recorded; and in its perfect vindication
of Burke and Chatham and Franklin, history com-
mends to us, in this hour of trial, an impressive
and apposite example.
It is for us to decide whether we will reject the
counsel which this experience has developed to
us, or whether we will instead, imitate the policy
of Geoige III and Lord North, which proved so
fatal to the ambition of England.
The great fact which constitutes the crisis is,
that eii ;ht million of our population are pervaded
with the conviction of danger at home, of insecu-
rity at their firesides, of assaults made and men-
aced upon their property; the refusal of their
equal rights in the common Territories of the
Union, acquired by the valor and treasure of the
whole nation. No matter, sir, for the purposes of
the present exigency, whether the grounds upon
which this discontent is based, are entirely well
founded or not. That was well and wisely dis-
cussed last year. We have now to deal with this
extensive disaffection as a gigantic fact in our his-
tory and position.
I do not propose to-day to consider in detail the
causes of this state of things; yet it may not be
improper to advert to them in a general way.
This revolution began in November, 1860. It was
initiated by a change in the principles of the Gov-
ernment. In the election of Mr. Lincoln upon
the doctrines avowed in the Chicago platform,
a majority of the people asserted the right and
the power to legislate in conflict with the funda-
mental law of the fand, as embodied in the Con-
stitution and declared by the Supreme Court of
the United States. The assertion of that power,
and placing the Government in the hands of an
Executive pledged to exercise it, was of itself a
civil revolution, in the character and form and
essence of the Government. So much of the rev-
olution was accomplished in November. Let it
j be well understood that a revolution in a popular
Government can be as well achieved through the
ballot-box as by the bayonet. The determination
of a majority of the people to override well ascer-
tained and essential constitutional rights, is revo-
lution in its most potential aspect.
The States of the Confederacy were thereby
separated into two sections—one dominant and
the other subject. The North appropriated to
itself the exclusive right of settlement in the Ter-
ritories, which are til? common property of all the
t States. This exclusion of the slaveholders of the
South from equal participation in the right of em-
igration and colonization with their property, is
predicated upon the avowed ground that to hold
slaves is a sin which places a citfzefi under the
' ban of the Federal Government; that thisdescrip-
1 tion of property is not entitled to protection be-
yond the limits of the State in which it may be
held; and that the institution itself, though coeval
with American civilization, and of unknown an-
tiquity, is a relic of barbansm; to the extinction of
which the power and influence of the Federal Gov-
