1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 32, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avery, Bocock, Boteler, Burnett, Bur-
ton Craige, De Jarnette, DueU, Edmundson, English, John
T. Harris, Hoard, Kilgore, James M. Leach, Leake, Ma-
day, Maynard, Millson, Phelp«, Pryor, Q,uarles« Kiggs,
James C. Robinson, Rust, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevenson, Stokes. Thomas, Vance, Whiteley, and Wright
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson,
Babbitt, Barret, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brabson, Bravton,
Bristow, Brown, Buffinton, Burch, Burnhatn, Butterfield,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Coburn, Col-
fax, Covode, Cox, James Craig, John G. Davis, Dunn, Ed-
ferton, Edwards, Eliot, Etheiidge, Farnsworth, Fenton,
'lorence, Poster, Fouke, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch,
Giow, Gurley, Hale, Hamilton, Ilelmick, Hindman, HoJ-
man, Hughes, Hutehins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kellogs, Kilhnger, Larrabcc, DeWitt C.
Leach, Logan, Lovejoy, Mar.ston, McCiernand, McKean,
McKentv, MclCnightjMePherson, Montgomery, Moorhead,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblack,
Noel), Olin. Palmer, Pendleton, Perry, Peyton, Porter, Pot-
ter,Pottle, Edwin It. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson,
lloyce, Scott, Sickles, Somes, Spauldwg, Stevens, William
Stewart, Tappan, Train, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree,
Wade, Waidron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, El-
hhu B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Wood, and
Woodruff— 10S.
So the House refused to lay the amendment on
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. HINDMAN said: X have voted in the
negative; but I am informed that this bill appro-
pikites a very large amount of money, and will
contribute very considerably towards the irrevo-
cable embarrassment and bankruptcy of the Gov-
ernment. I therefore change my vote, and vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 will change my vote, and
vote in the negative, as an offset to the gentleman
from Aikansas.
Mr. COLFAX. I may inform the gentleman
from Arkansas that there is no appropriation made
in the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I do not like this practice
of legislating in post route bills, and therefore I
think I will voie uay."
Mr. ELIOT stated that Mr. Sedgwick was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered; and I desire to state to the House
for what purpose I make the motion.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate-is not m order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know from the Chair whether, if the House shall
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered, the section will not then be open to
amendment; and if so, whether the amendment
which I offered yesterday in regard to the Post-
master General having the power to reestablish
the mail service in his'discretion, will not be in
order? I only desire that the House shall under-
stand the matter. Let us have one vote upon it,
and let the thing be settled. I only desire that
there shall be a fair understanding, and that the
House shall say whether or not it will give this
discretion to the Postmaster General. I have no
feeling about the matter; and I am only aston-
ished to see any feeling manifested by the gentle-
man from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me say that I object very
much to the Senate putting these legislative
amendments on the post route bill. It is not my
fault; but it is my duty, in accordance with the
views of the House, to keep off any more such
amendments, if I can. I therefore move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Letushave
a square vote on the motion to reconsider. If I
understand the ruling of tho Chair, it will be in
order to offer my amendment, if the House should
refuse to lay the motion to reconsider on the table,
and should reconsider the vote ordering the main
question.   n s
Mr. aUARLES. Is this debate m order ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
understand the rules of the House. If the House
refuse to lay my motion to reconsider on the
table  ,
Mr. aUARLES. I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order. No debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to discuss
this question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ido not pro-
pose to discuss it.
Mr. COLFAX. I shall make the point of order
against the amendment, it not being germane, if
it shall be offered.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. It will be for
the Chair to decide whether the amendment is or
is not germane. If the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana be not carried, the vote ordering the
main question will be reconsidered, and then my
amendment will be in order. I hope, therefore,
that the motion to lay on the table will be voted
down, in order that we may get at the renewal of
this mail service.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order now to move
to suspend the rules, and go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the main question
having been ordered.
Tellers were ordered on Mr. Colfax's motion;
and Messrs. Olin and Burch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 94, noes 30.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to reconsider the vote whereby
the mam question was ordered-was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was concurred in.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enroll™ bills.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, an act
for the benefit of Gabriel J. Johnston; when the
Speaker signed the same.
postal service.
Mr. COLFAX. I now call up t!ie bill in rela-
tion to postal service, which was postponed till
to-day. At the request of the gentleman from
Noitli Carolina, [Mr. Branch,] I desire to have
it postponed still further, till next Tuesday morn-
ing, at which time I shall ask the House to vote
upon it. I therefore move that it be postponed till
Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
evening sessions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit a mo-
tion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the deficiency
bill. But before that motion is put, I have a sug-
gestion to make. There is, on both sides of the
House, a general desire for debate on the special
order; and it is desirable that the House should
hold evening sessions. I therefore ask unanimous
consent that it shall be in order, tn-day and to-
morrow, at four o'clock,to move to takeareccss
till seven. I hope this will be agreed to, for the
benefit of gentlemen on both sides of the House.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The SPEAKER. The understanding of the
Chair will be that the Speaker, at four o'clock,
will adjourn the House till seven.
Mi. SICKLES. Is it understood that the even-
ing sessions shall be for debate entirely ?
Tho SPEAKER. Entirely for debate.
Mr. SICKLES. And that jio vote shall be
taken ?
The SPEAKER. No vote isto be taken.
deficiency mll.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the deficiency
bill, with the Senate amendments thereto, be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and made the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burnett
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
I of the special order, being the Senate amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1861.
First amendment of the Senate:
For the compensation and mileage of Senators, .$13,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, "for miscel-
laneous items," $3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend concurrence, with the following amendment
to the amendment:
For the contingent Expenses of the Senate and House of
Representatives, namely:
For additional police tor the Capitol, payable by the Sen-
ate, §1,096 97; and for additional police for the Capitol,
payable by the House of Representatives, $J,096 97.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation for taking
the eighth census, ^437,000.
For expenses of select committee appointed under the
resolution of Ilouse of Representatives of 24th December,
i860, $5,000; and for expenses of select committee made
by order of the Ilouse of Representatives of the 9th of Jan-
uary, 1861, §3,000, making $'8,000 ; and that tiie said sum
shall be added to the miscellaneous item of the contingent
fund of the Ilouse.
For expenses of removing the office of the Fourth Audi-
tor of the Treasury to the apartments assigned in Winder's
building, and lor cleansing, repairing, and turnislnng the
same, ^3,508 55.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Third amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the
conditional eontiaet made bv him with the Chiriqui Im-
provement Company and Ambrose W. Thompson, on the
21st day of May, 1859, for the puipose of securing to tile
United States certain valuable privileges and rights spe-
cified in said contiacts, and which said contract is hereby
appioved, $300,U00.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. MORSE. I move the following amend-
ment to the Senate amendment:
Add at the end of the amendment as follows:
Provided, That no part of the sum hereby appropriated
shall be drawn from the Treasury until after such conditions
and icgulations have been established by the President m
reference to supplying coa) under said contract, and lorthe
perfoimance of ail the provision? of the same, as will fully
protect the United States against the failuie or incapa-
city ofbaid Thompson, or said Chiriqui impiovement Com-
pany, to fulfill its stipulations. Fr oiid cd further, Thai the
United States t-hall acquire no n^ht of sovereignty over
any terntoiy in the Republic of New Granada or Co«ua
Rica, nor any right to transport troops or munitions of war
overmuch territoiv under or by virtue otihe contract incited
in this act, unices the same he voluntarily consented to by
said Republic.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, 1 am a little
astonished to find an amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Maine; fori supposed he was fa-
vorable to the proposition contained m the amend-
ment of the Senate. And I expected from him to
hear arguments adduced to this House why we
should ratify the conditional contract which has
been made by the Secretary of the INavy with the
Chiriqui ImprovementCompany. "We have heard
much of tins contract for the last six months.
During the last session of Congress there were per-
sons here urging upon the Congressof thcUiuted
States the ratification of the conditional contract
made by the Secretary of the Navy. If I mistake
not, that measure received the approval of the
gentleman who is at the head of the Committee on
Naval Affairs of this House. It was put on the
naval appropriation bill by the Senate, but was
defeated in this House by the substitution of an
amendment authorizing the President of the Uni-
ted States to send a commission to inquire into
the Chiriqui grant, and the advantages likely to
accrue to the United States from the possession
of whatever right was proposed to be conveyed.
The report of that commission has been tians-
mitted to this House, and has been printed. It
is stated there is a lobby interest here to defeat
the appropriation. I have heard this charge made.
But, although I am a member of the committee
which has been compelled to act upon this amend-
ment, and has made the recommendation which
the Committee of Ways and Means has unani-
mously made, that the amendment ought not to
be concurred in, I have yet to find any peisons
outside the members of this House who are op-
posed to the adoption of this amendment of the-
Senate.
/
