674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
nership in tho'business of mining, and found it
very unprofitable. Suppose the Government paid
$300,000 for this grant—for this privilege of dig-
ging coal and paying a dime tax to the Chiriqui
Government: consider what expenses must be in-
curred. We must erect buildings for our super-
intendent and employes; we must build piers and
wharves; we must put up shelters for the protec-
tion of the coal. These men must be employed
at the expense of the Government of the United
States the entire year, while their labor will be
required only for a portion of the year.
I cay, then, that if these mines are valuable, the
grantees themselves may go and work them,and
have the coal ready for vessels of the Navy of the
United States, and the Government will be ready
to buy it. I am for economy.
I do not believe in the propriety of this expend-
iture of money, or in this attempt to establish a
colony or dependency of the Government of the
United States in the province of Chiriqui. I be-
lieve it is improper for the Government to pursue
that ros'tsc. Hence it is that I am opposccl to the
i<iufii\itjon of this contract, and have been op-
posed to it from the time I understood its nature
and its terms. If these men have a grant for a
roadway, let them improve it. They have a grant
for a roadway under tiie New Granadian Gov-
ernment, but not for a railroad. They have a
grant for a railroad from the Costa Rica Govern-
ment; but, by the very terms of the contract, the
fact of transferring the right to the Government
of the United States works a forfeiture of the
grant. In attempting to tiansfer their privileges
to this Government they violate the terms of the
contract, and work a forfeiture of it. The Gov-
ernment will, therefore, obtain no rights under it;
and the money which it may pay for the privi-
leges will be thrown away.
I have submitted these views, Mr. Chairman,
being my reasons, in part, for opposing tins
amendment of the Senate. I might oiler further
remarks on the subject; but it seems to mo that
if the positions which I have taken, and which
are foitificd by the testimony 1 have cited, aie
correct, then this Government, if it should pay
$300,000 for the grant, will have really purchased
nothing.
Mr. CORWIN. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adarjs] obtained the floor last even-
ing, I believe, on the special order of the day.
For many reasons, it is very desirable that he
should have the opportunity of addressing the
House to-day. i therefore hope the committee
will indulge me in making a motion that the com-
mittee shall now rise, and that the House ahull
proceed to the consideration of thatspecial order.
After the gentleman shall have made his speech,
the House can again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and resume the consideration of the deficiency
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have certainly no objec-
tion to the motion that the committee rise, if it be
undeistood that, after the gentleman ftom Mas-
sachusetts shall have concluded his speech, the
House will again go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and dispose of
the deficiency bill. It is very important, indeed,
thnt the bill should be disposed of to-dav.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I desire to ask my
colleague [Mr. Corwin] at what time he proposes
to demand the previous question on this special
order?
Mr. CORWIN. Not until some day next
week.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Ohio
yields to me for the purpose of making a motion
that the committee lise, so that I may have the
floor when the committee shall resume the con-
sideration of the deficiency bill. I therefore sub-
mit that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the special order,
being the Senate amendments to a bill (H. R. No.
86b') to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1881, and had
come to no conclusion thereon
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
The Ho&sethen proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the report of the com-
mittee of thirty-three on the state of the Union;
on which Mr. Adams, of Massachusetts, was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, addressed the
House for over an hour. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the motion
that the special order be postponed, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. I rise tJapointoforder.
According to the Journal of the House, I was en-
titled to the floor last evening when the Houscad-
journed * My great respect for the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who desired to
speak this morning, induced me to give way to
him to apeak first, butwith the understanding that
I should have the floor at the conclusion of his
speech. I was on the floor at the conclusion of
his hour, and addressed the Chair first. I do not
undei stand how it is that a committee should rise
for the purpose of letting one gentleman speak,
and then go into committee again for the purpose
of preventing another gentleman from speaking
who is entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in formed that
the committee rose for the purpose of hearing one
address, with the fiduciary understanding that the
House should again go into committee. That
being so, the Chair feels bound to carry out the
faith of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire further to say, that
nothing was further from my intention than to
cut off my friend from Illinois. I did not know
that he had the floor; but on the appeal of my
colleague, [Mr. Corwin,] I, as a matter of course,
yielded it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must carry out
the faith of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If that be the case, of
course 1 submit
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Sherman; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. ijfrxtett m the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Morse to the amendment of the
Senate lelative to the Chiriqui grant; upon which
Mr. Sickles was entitled to the floor,
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
follow the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
in reply to his legal argument; and it will be im-
possible to do so, unless order can be restored.
[After some minutes'delay, in w.hich the Chair-
man succeeded in part in restoring Older in the
Hall, J\lr. Sickles proceeded.]
Mr. Chairman, 1 hope I shall not be misunder-
stood in deferring my remaiks until order was
restored; for although I do not presume to com-
mand the attention of all gentlemen, it is only
reasonable to ask for that dectyum which will en-
able those who are interesteebfn the discussion, to
hear my argument.
I propose to follow th^gentleman from Mis-
souri somewhat closely in the line of argument
that he puisued,and to present some considera-
tions to the committee which I think will furnish
an answer to his objections. The gentleman from
Missouri set out with an expression of surpnse
at the amendment offered by the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Alfairs. For myself, I can
see no reason for that surpiise, unless it be m the
fact that that amendment disposed of nearly all
the arguments so elaborately presented by the
gentleman from Missouri against this appropri-
ation. Mr. Chan-man, it is important, m looking
at a measure of this magnitude, to understand the
advantages which arc to be gained, and to look
somewhat into the history of the scheme.
We all know that it has been a leading idea in
the policy of this country for the last ten years
to obtain better facilities of communication with
our Pacific possessions. We know it has been a
prominent feature in the policy of England and
France to supplant us m the competition for these
advantages. Both of these countries have endeav-
ored, by negotiations, conventions, and treaties,
as well as by means of grants made to individ-
uals, ostensibly acting for themselves, but really
with the sanction and aid of their Governments,
to obtain from the States of Central America
the control of commerce and travel across the
Isthmus which separates the Atlantic and Pacific
ocean. So far, they have failed; and the failure
is attributable to the vigilance and address with
which the Government of the United States,
through the administrations of Mr. Fillmore, Mr.
Pierce, and Mr. Buchanan, and most especially
the latter, have guarded this-conspicuous and in-
estimable national interest.
The only route now open for trade and travel
across-the Ssthm-us is the Panama railroad, and
the great questio-ns now presented to this House
are, whether that powerful corporation shall have
the entire monopoly of the railroad transit across
the Isthmus,ami whether by the reliuquishmentof
the opportunity now in our grasp, of acquiring an
auxiliaryroute, we will enable Englandor France,
or both, to supersede us, and gain that which all
the intrigues and resoutces of their diplomacy,
employed for so many years, have failed to obtain
for them.
The official papers which have been laid on our
tables, if reliable, prove incontrovertibly that the
privileges granted by New Granada and Costa
Rica to the Chiriqui Improvement Company,and
to Mr. Ambrose W. Thompson, are of vast im-
portance to this country. If the coal is there as
represented, its value is almost beyond computa-
tion. If the harbors are there as represented,
they are the best in that quarter of the world. The
railroad* privilege, if it exists, is of primary im-
portance to our commerce.
I shall not detain the House by reading pas-
sages, which I might do without number, from
the message of the President of the United States,
communicated at this session, giving us the high-
est official evidence which it is possible to have
betbie us, that the representations upon which
this conditional contract was made have been
more than justified by the official survey we di-
rected 10 be made at the close of the last session.
The commander of theexpedition,Captain Engler
reports, in general terms, that all of the objects
of the expedition were fulfilled; that they found
the harbors to be spacious, convenient, and safe;
that they found the coal deposits accessible and
inexhaustible; and that they found a practicable
route for a railroad. And this report is fortified
in detail by the officers in chaige of the pai ticular
branches of the expedition. The topographical
survey,and the geological survey especially, fur-
nish abundant evidence confirming all the repre-
sentations which the Government relied upon.
Now, to pass to another point, let us glance at
the history of this measure, because really it
would seem to a stranger listening to our debates,
from the address of the gentleman from Missouri,
that this was a new proposition piesented to the
House of Representatives; that it was a new pro-
ject just about to be initiated, without examina-
tion as to title, arid without investigation as to the
value of the privileges to bo acquired. And yet,
I will show that no legislative measure, to which
the sanction of this committee could be asked,
has ever received more thorough investigation, or
has stood severer tests of examination, than this
measure against which the Committee of Ways
and Means have now made their repoi t. During
the past year it received the careful considera-
tion of the Committee on Navai Affairs, who
repoited in its favor. In the last session, you
had m the coordinate branch of Congress a large
majority in favor of the measure, and you had in
this House a vote which, if it meant anything,
meant this: that this House, after considering the
subject with all the information that could then
be obtained, had determined that the contract
ought to be confirmed; provided that the result of
the examination upon the spot, conducted by per-
sons in the service of the Government, should
confirm the representations made by the parties.
Sir, I ask if that examination has not estab-
lished the truth of all those representations ? Who
will assert that the report of the commission is
not clear, full, and conclusive? I am entitled to
assume that this House has. by a decided vote,
given its sanction to the appropriation upon the
sole condition that the results of the expedition
which we authorized, should prove satisfactory.
They are satisfactory; and I insist that good faith
upon the part of this Government requires that,
i after these parties have placed theae privileges at
