90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January IT,
36tii Gong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. 8icicles.
Ho. op Reps.
disturbed. Even yet, the President and Congress
forbear to resort to measures either of retaliation
or of punishment, or even to recover possession
of the strongholds upon which an inexcusable
trespass has been committed.
What next? The fortifications in the vicinity
of Georgia, Louisiana, and Florida are seized and
held by the militia of those States, acting, it is
understood, by the authority of the Governors of
those States, although without the sanction of the
people expressed either in Legislatures or con-
ventions. These places are held by force in con-
tempt orf the authority of the United States. These
acts are strictly seditious proceedings; insurrec-
tions against the Government, differing only from
the lawless disturbances of the public peace by a
mob, in this: that they are of greater enormity,
because perpetrated by men clothed with color of
authority, and holding responsible and respectable
public stations. And those offenses against law
and order, and the public peace and safety, are
suffered to pass by a lenient Government without
punishment. The events of the following week
proved that forbearance was misconstrued into
timidity, and the indulgence extended to infatua-
tion was made the shield to cover outrage with
impunity.
What next? An unarmed vessel of commerce,
chartered bythe Government as a transport ship,
appears in the waters of Charleston, bearing dis-
patches, provisions, and men to a place within the
unquestionable jurisdiction of the Federal Govern-
ment of the United States. The American flag is
flying at the masthead of the Star of the "West, and
as she approaches the harbor, while in sight of the
fortifications belonging to this Government, the
official character of the ship being well known, the
authorities of South Carolina, through their mil-
itary forces, opened a fire upon that defenseless
ship, and compelled her to retire and abandon the
peaceful and legitimate mission in which she was
engaged. Now, sir, that was an act of war, un-
qualified war. Had such an offense been perpe-
trated by any foreign Power, it would have roused
every man in this nation: it would have elicited
from every patriot in tins House a loud and earn-
est protest, and an appeal for all the measures
racessary to repel the insult and avenge the wrong.
It was, sir, 1 repeat, an act of naked, unmiti-
gated war. Happily—thanks' eternal thanks! to
the moderation and the noble magnanimity of Ma-
jor Anderson—it was not so treated by ium. He
remembered that it was done by his fellow-coun-
trymen ; that it was done by men excited and mis-
led by their passions, and then- own anomalous
political condition. He paused, with cannon in
position and the torch lighted. He referred the
transaction to his Government. Had he employed
the discretion vested in every commander of a
fortress, when he saw a ship, with his own (lag
floating over it, with defenseless men upon its
deck, iired upon without excuse or provocation,
ho would have been justified in punishing this
insult by laying Charleston in ashes; and had he
done so, civilization would have approved the act.
No man, looking at the duty of Major Anderson,
and looking at the responsibility and obligation
of his position, could have censured the most sig-
nal vindication of the honor of the flag which his
Sword and his life were pledged to maintain. But
it was not done: and thank Heaven it was not
done. It is another instance of the forbearance,
not only of the General Government, but of the
people, tiiat his magnanimity is universally com-
mended, and is known to be sanctioned without
reserve by the Administration. Yet the attack
upon that ship was none the less an offense; it
was none the less an act of war; it was none the
less the initiation of a policy which, if persisted
in, must inevitably bring on the conflict which
we all so much deprecatc. It must result in the
employment of force to protect the rights and the
property and the honor of this country; and it
must forever make impossible that recognition
of a common destiny in a reunited Confederacy,
which, from one end of thcland to the other, seems
the only possible hope left to the patriot in the
existing exigency. Sir, you could not—I have
said it before, and I repeat it now—you could not
recruitaregiment that would ever march from the
frontier of New Yoik into any southern State for
the purpose of employing coercion upon its peo-
ple in the exercise of their legitimate political
rights. Never, never ! But the men of New York
would go in untold thousands anywhere to pro-
tect the flag of their country, and to maintain its
legitimate authority.
Here, then, I ask your attention once more to
the great and cardinal distinction between the em-
ployment of force upon a sovereign State to com-
pel the abandonment of proper measures within
its legitimate jurisdiction to obtain a redress of
grievances, or to secure independence; and the
employment of force in defense of the indisputa-
ble right and jurisdiction of the United States,
where that jurisdiction has been established ir-
revocably by the act of the seceding State itself.
When the Constitution was formed, it was pro-
posed to allow the General Government, without
restriction, to acquire property in the States for
the erection of fortifications, and the establishment
of arsenals, navy-yards, or for any other military
purpose. In the debates on that article, it was
insisted that the power was too broad, and that
it was necessary it should be limited by the inser-
tion of a clause making the consent of the several
States indispensable to the exercise of the power.
Such a qualification was inserted, 1 think, upon the
motion of Mr. Gerry. In that form it was adopted
unanimously, by the vote of every State in the
Confederacy. Accordingly, sir, the States where
these works of defense are located, have, in pur-
suance of that clause in the Constitution, given
their consent to the purchase of the property; and
have ceded forever, by their own sovereign will,
exclusive jurisdiction to the Federal Government
over all these fortified places.
Now, sir, it is well understood that the military
plan of defenses in this country has not been con-
sidered with reference only to the protection of the
locality where the work may bo placed, but it is a
great national system of defense, in which all these
fortified places bear an important relation,notonly
to local security, but to the common defense of the
nation. Virginia or New York have an equal in-
terest in Fort Pickens, which protects our squad-
ron and commerce m the Gulf of Mexico; or in
Foi tress Monroe, which protects the Capitol where
we are legislating; or in Fort Sumter, which is an
equally important strategic position. New York
has interests 110 less than South Carolina, or Geor-
gia, or Florida, in each and all of these defenses,
and 111 the navy-yard and forts at Pensacola, which
have also been seized. The commercial interests of
the North would be insecure if their vast shipping
in the Gulf trade had no protection from a squad-
ron which would find a support and a basis of
operations at Pensacola. It is as essential to us as
Gibraltar is to the British fleet in the Mediterra-
nean.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's hour
has expired.
Several Members. We want to hear the con-
elusion of the gentleman's argument; and there-
fore move that his time be extended.
An extension of time wasunammouslygranted.
Mr. SICKLES. I thank the House.
To resume. I am strongly impressed, Mr.Chair-
man, with the correctness of the views I have
pii'scnted, when I recur to the very eloquent and
cogent argument of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Gaunt,tt.] In his observations yesterday
011 the subject of blockades, lie adverted to the
possibility that the Federal Government might
blockade one or more of the southern ports, as a
restrictive measure, and one of a series of coercive
proceedings; and he admonished us, if such an
> attempt were made, that England and Franco,
! unable to do without southern cotton, would in-
I terfere and compel us to open the southern poits.
j I maintain that the argument which the gentle-
■ man addressed against blockades is the mostun-
I answerable reason which human wisdom could
! frame against the surrender of our forts. If it be
possible for the contingency to happen, that the
j navies of France and England are to be brought
to our shores to interfere with the assertion of our
i, jurisdiction, would it not be worse than madness
j j for us to surrender the fortified places, which alone
; would enable us to assert and maintain our inde-
;; pendencc? Whatever may be oui views upon the
!; right of peaceable secession, whatever we may
|i anticipate as the future of this exigency, we yet
l! have our political position to maintain as a great
commercial nation. The commercial clement of
this country is in the North and West, and not
in the South. The South must always be essen-
tially an agricultural community, and can never
be a military, naval, or commercial Power.
We also haveour paramount duty of self-defense
to perform; and these posts, these fortified.places
and navy-yards, are indispensable for the protec-
tion of our political position against the eventu-
alities which secession will bring with it. These
fortified places arc of a thousand times more im-
portance with secession an accomplished and irre-
versible fact, than if it had never been contem-
plated. There is no probability of foreign inter-
vention without secession. With the establish-
ment of a southern confederacy it is inevitable. I
submit, therefore, that these considerations prove
it to be our imperative duty to hold these places,
under all circumstances. This necessity should
admonish the southern population, which I be-
lieve sincerely desires to prevent war, that they
can never be permitted to hold possessions which
aie necessary to maintain the -integrity of this
continent against foreign intervention or control.
Our own statute-books are full of precedents to
justify us in asserting more than the right to hold
these fortified places. In 1811-12,Congress, by
the votes of large majorities, in which southern
men united, determined to take possession of the
country west of the Mississippi, and also of the
Floridas. And this was because their occupation
was essential to our political safety—to our terri-
torial protection. The statesmen of the South are
committed to the recognition of the right and duty
of this Government to hold any part of their terri-
tory, as a matter of protective policy. Our own
history is full of precedents for it. The history
of every free and great people furnishes precedents
for similar measures of security. The absolute
rights of the nation coincide with its necessary and
obvious policy. Our duty is, then, plain and un-
alterable. We must maintain all our rights. No
foreign Power can be permitted to intervene be-
tween the seceding States and this Government,
nor to exercise any protectorate over them, or to
hold any of our forts, or to occupy any portion of
the territory hitherto within our limits.
The interests of civilization, the obligations of
international law, and the prosperity of European
trade and commerce, forbid the hostile interven-
tion of any European Power in a controversy
between the General Government and the south-
ern States. Yet it is a fact, of which we must
not be unmindful, that the Governments of Eu-
rope are in the hands of aristocracies, jealous of
our progiess, and fearful of the influence of our
success upon their own political system. The
Cabinets of France and England would be in-
clined to seek any opportunity which might be
legitimately afforded to them, to promote the dis-
memberment of our Confederacy. Lord Pal-
merston, in Ins well known antipathy to this coun-
try, only represents the real sentiments of the
governing class in England. The intimate relations
which 111 earlier times existed between France
and America, aie traditions which Louis Napo-
leon has taken no pains to remember or preserve.
That one or the other would desire to form an
alliance with a southern confederacy, is beyond a
doubt. It might be difficult to unite both in«such
a scheme of policy. And it would remain for
our diplomatists to avail themselves of the jeal-
ousy which exists between England and France,
to detach one or the other from a hostile combi-
nation against us; and thus employ the power of
one to prevent the intervention of either.
And heie let me enter my protest, as an Amer-
ican, against the inference which so many will bo
prompt to accept from the possible dismember-
ment of this Confederacy, that republican insti-
tutions have failed. It is not so. When such an
event shall happen, it will prove only that our
Union of States embraced an antagonistical cle-
I mcnt which could not coexist with a purely re-
publican theory of labor. This element, so far
from originating with the Republic, was inherited
from Spain and France and England, and by
them ingrafted upon our aboriginal, social, and
political organization. The present controversy
hus not arisen out of any defect 111 our form of
Government, nor docs it furnish the least proof
that the institutions which have contributed so
