1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr, Poivell.
Senate.
much to our signal advancement in civilization
and power, are not equally adapted to promote
the same results in two or three independent con-
federacies, each embracing a homogeneous pop-
ulation and congenial interests. If anything were
needed to show that the disaffection in the south-
ern States finds no origin in a distrust of the adap-
tation of free institutions to their peculiar condi-
tion, it is to be seen in the fact thatnone of them
propose to make any radical change in their State
constitutions or laws; and with common accord,
they all suggest the existing Constitution of the
United States as the basis of the contemplated
southern confederation. It is not difficult, I ac-
knowledge, to foresee the ultimate changes which
probable events might render unavoidable in the
institutions of a southern confederacy composed
exclusively of slaveholding States. The necessity
of large standing armies, the exigencies of defense
and internal security, would hasten its tendencies
towards consolidation; the independence of the
States would be merged; universal suffrage would
soon be abandoned; and the Government would,
in the end, yield to the control of an aristocracy,
partly military, but mainly directed by the small
class in whom would be united the possession of
all the capital and all the labor. Whatever may
be the issue of existing complications, the Re-
public of the United States is imperishable. It
will survive all the dangers which now assail it.
It will vindicate the faith in humanity upon which
it reposes. It will fulfill its destiny in the devel-
opment of an ameliorated system of institutions
and laws, which recognize the equality of all citi-
zens composing the Commonwealth.
It is my hope that these disastrous events may
go no further; and that no necessity for the em-
ployment of force, in any form whatever, may be
imposed upon the General Government by the
belligerent action of the States. But whatever
may be the issue of events—whether, happily,
by conciliation and justice to the South, we may
find an honorable and fraternal solution of our
difficulties, or whether, unhappily, we blindly drift
into alienation, war,and irrevocable separation—
the great commercial interests of this country re-
quire, the destiny of American civilization de-
mands, that the political and territorial control of
this continent, from the mouth of the Hudson to
the mouth of the Mississippi, from the Atlantic to
the Pacific seas, shall remain where it now is—
in the hands of the Government of the United
States. In all the partisan issues between the
South and the Republican party, the people of the
city of New York arc with the South; but when
the South makes an untenable issue with our
country, when the flag of the Union is insulted,
when the fortified places provided for the common
defense are assaulted and seized, when the South
abandons its northern allies for English and
Frcnch cooperation, then the loyal and patriotic
population of that imperial city are a unit for the
Union. 
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. L. W. POWELL,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Senate, January 22, 1861.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having re-
sumed the consideiation of the joint resolution proposing
certain amendments to the Constitution of the United
States—
Mr. POWELL said:
Mr. President: From the commencement of
this session, I have steadily advocated every 1
measure that has been proposed which, in my '
judgment, was calculated to restore peace to this ,
distracted country. I heartily desire the prcser- |
vation of this system of Government, and that the :
constitutional Union of our fathers may be trans- !
milted to those who arc to come after us. It has !
been well said, by more Senators than one, that !
the Union could not be saved by cuiogies. In that, !
I most heartily concur. I shall indulge in no spe- i
cial eulogy on the Union. The rapid growth of j
our country, the prosperity, contentment, and 1
happiness of our people; our rapid advancement ;
in agriculture, manufactures, commerce, art, sci- !
enee, jn all its industrial pursuits, and m all the j
arts of peace, must be eulogy sufficient. I do not !
conceive, sir, that the"difficulties by which we are
now surrounded arise so much from a defect in
our system of Government, as from a wild, fan-
atical spirit that seems for a time to have over-
thrown the reasons of men, and perverted that
system. The Constitution, as interpreted by the
Republican party, instead of being a shield for
our defense, is used as an instrument for the de-
struction of our rights of property in the common
territory of the Union. For the first forty years
of our Government, the rights of our people were
everywhere maintained under the Constitution.
Indeed, in those earlier and better days of the
Republic, so light were the exactions the Govern-
ment made on the people, and so ample the pro-
tection it afforded to persons and property every-
where, that we scarcely knew we had a Govern-
ment, save from the benefits we enjoyed. And
such now, sir, would be the happy condition of
the country if all political parties would in good
faith execute the Constitution as it has been ex-
pounded by the Supreme Court of the United
States.
My distinguished and learned friend from Texas
[Mr. Wigfall] the other day twitted me with
being a Union-saver. I will say to that distin-
guished Senator that if I could be in the slightest
degree instrumental in arresting the dangers by
which we arc surrounded, in restoring peace, har-
mony, and unity to this distracted people, and in
transmitting to those who are to come afte us the
constitutional Union of our fathers, I would be
most happy. I would desire no honor more
permanent or lasting. I would covet no brighter
or more enduring fame.
I announced to the Senate at the commence-
ment of the session that, in my opinion, unequiv-
ocal constitutional guarantees were the only rem-
edies that would save this Union from speedy
dissolution. Events that have transpired since
that time have confirmed mc in that belief. I then
declared that delay in a crisis like this was equiv-
alent to destruction. It now looks tome more
like criminality. In the presence of the moment-
ous events by which we are surrounded, we
should act promptly on the various propositions
for adjustment before the Senate. If we are un-
able to agree* upon a plan of adjustment, let the
country know it. I confess that the action of Sen-
ators on the committee of thirteen, and the dec-
larations of Senators orj this floor, have caused
me to have but little hope that Congress will do
anything that will restore harmony to our dis-
tracted country.
Without further preface, Mr. President, I will
proceed at once to the consideration of the amend-
ments proposed to the Constitution by my dis-
tinguished colleague. I shall endeavor briefly to
meet the objections made to them, and to state to
the Senate the reasons why I think they should
be adopted by gentlemen on both sides of this
Chamber. If adopted, I believe they would re-
store peace to this country. The first article is
the one that I apprehend will be most difficult of
solution. It is the one touching the Territories of
the United States, and African slavery in those
Territories. This article proposes that—
In all tenitory oftheUnited State*, nowheld oihereafter
acquired, situate north of latitude 36° 00', slavery or invol-
untary servitude, except as a punishment for crime, pio
hibitcd while such tciritoiy shall remain under teiutoual
government. In all the terutory. now held oi hereafter to
be aequned, south of said line of latitude, slavery of the
African race is hereby lecogmzed as existing, and shall not
be interfered with by Congress; but shall be protected as
property by all the department^ of the territoi ial gov eminent
during its continuance; and when an\ tcuitoiy, nnitb or
south ot said line, within such boundanesas Congress may
prescribe, shall contain the population requisite loi a mem-
ber of Congress, according to the then Fedeia! latio of Rep-
resentation of the people of the United States, it shall, if
its form of government be republican, be admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the oi igmal State*, with or
without slavery, as the constitution of such new State may
provide.
In proceeding to the discussion of this propo-
sition, I would ask if the disposition it proposes
to make of the territories of the Union is not just
and equitable to the free States? It is admitted
by all that the territories of the Union are the
common property of the people of all the States.
If acquired by purchase, th^y were bought out cf !
the common fund of all the people. If acqunod j
by conquest, every part of the country contrib-
uted its share of the men and treasure that carried !
on the war . So far as a very large portion of these
territories is concerned—that which was acquired
from Mexico—the gallant State that X have the
honor in part to represent contributed three times
more men than all New England. I suppose that
arose from the fact that it was nearer the sea4 of
war.
On the subject of the division of the territories,
I will state a few historical facts, which will show
how the territories have been divided between the
free and the slave States of this Union. When
the peace of 1783 "was made, the States north of
Mason and Dixon's line had an area-of one hun-
dred and sixty-four thousand square miles. The
States south of that line had an area of six hun-
dred thousand square miles. In 1787, Virginia
ceded the vast territory northwest of the Ohio to
the United States, and slavery or involuntary ser-
vitude was prohibited therein. That being taken
from the territory then belonging to the slave
States, gave theascendency to the free States. By
the acquisition of Louisiana, of Florida, and of
Texas, the area of the slave States was greatly in-
creased. The area of the free and slave States, as
at present organized, is about the same, each con-
taining about eight hundred and sixty thousand
square miles. What is the extent of the territory
about which we arc now contending? I have an
accurate tabular statement furnished me by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, show-
ing the area in square miles of the part north and
the part south of the parallel of 36° 30' north lat-
itude:
Statement of the surface of each l^erritory in the
United States, showing the part ■north and the part
south of the parallel of 36° 30r north latitude.
Territory.
Whole
surface.
North
of parallel
36° 30'.
South
of parallel
36° 30'.
Sq. miles.
126.283
342,438
81 ,'J60
193,07J
256,309
220,196
67,020
Sq- miles.
126.283
342,438
81,960
193,071
40,629
220,196
16,730
Sq, miles.
215;680
50,290
Nebiaska 
Utah 
1,287,277
1,021,307
265,970
We have now in the territories of the United
States one million two hundred and eighty-seven
thousand two hundred and seventy-seven square
miles. North of the line proposed to be estab-
lished by this amendment, there are one million
twenty-one thousand three hundred and seven
square miles, south of that line there are only
two hundred and sixty-five thousand nine hun-
dred and seventy square miles. Thus you see,
that under and by virtue of this article, should
it be adopted, the North will get nearly four times
as much territory as the South; and while they
get nearly four times in quantity, they will get
more than ten times in value; for it is well-known
that all the rich territory of Kansas, of Nebraska,
and all the land embraced in the territories that
are watered by the Mississippiand Missouri rivers
and^their tributaries, and the land in Washington
Territory, bounded by the Pacific, goes to the
North, while there is given to the South the arid,
barren Territory of New Mexico, containing very
| little fertile land and utterly destitute of navigable
rivers.
By reference to the tabular statement just read,
I find that forty thousand six hundred and twenty-
nine square mdesof the Territory of New Mexico
lies north of latitude 36° 30'. So far, then, from
increasing the area of slave territory, it is dimin-
ished forty thousand six hundred and twenty-nine
square miles. The North gains that much by the
adoption of this article, for it is well known that
slavery exists and is recognized and protected by
law in New Mexico. Then, by the adoption of
this article, we do not alter the status of slavery
upon a foot of the territory of the United States
south of the parallel 36° 30'; but we absolutely
surrender forty thousand six hundred and twenty-
nine square miles of slave territory—an area almost
as great as the empiie State of New York—to the
North.
It will be seen, by reference to the tabular state-
