APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
36th Cong.... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
merit heretofore read, that fifty thousand two
Hundred and ninety square miles of the Territory
estimated as lying south of the parallel 36° 30' is
embraced in the Indian territory. This territory
has been set apart to the Indians who arebecom-
xng^civilized. The United States have agreed, by
treaty stipulations, that the land in the Indian
territory shall in no future time, without the con-
sent of the lndians, "be included within the ter-
ritorial limits or jurisdiction of any State or Terri-
tory." Slavery, however, exists in the Indian
territory, and is recognized and protected by law.
When you deduct the fifty thousand two hundred
and ninety square miles embraced in the Indian
territory, we have only two hundred and fifteen
thousand six hundred and eighty square miles
south of the parallel of 360 30' which would be
subject to occupancy by the South with their prop-
erty, if thie amendment to the Constitution were
adopted.
This article has been objected to because it
applies to after-acquired territory. I think it is
eminently proper that it should apply to after-
acquired territory. Senators, if we settle this
matter at all, let us do it in such a manner as will
qui^t it forever.. Let us put this vexed territorial
atid negro question, so far as the Territories of the
Confederacy are concerned, forever without these
Halls. Any other adjustmentwould be idle, futile,
and unwise. For forty years, this question has
agitated and harassed the people of this country.
In. 1820* in the difficulties that grew out of the
admission of Missouri, it deeply agitated the pub-
lic mind and threatened the disruption of the Gov-
ernment. Again, in 1850, we were as deeply agi-
tated from the same cause. And why ? Because
the compromises of that day did not go to the
root of the evil. If constitutional amendments,
instead of statutes, had been resorted to in 1820,
or in 1850, we would not now be surrounded by
difficulties that threaten to disrupt and forever
destroy the Government and ingulf us all in a
common ruin.
It has been stated that the application of this
article to after-acquired territory would create a
desire on the part of the southern people to fili-
buster south, and to absorb Mexico, seize the
Island of Cuba, and other regions south, and
bring them ultimately into the Union as slave
States. Senators, allow me, with great deference,
to say that that position is not well taken. How
do you acquire territory? You can only do it
under our system of Government in two modes—
by the admission of new States by Congress, or
by treaty. I ask you if the South has the power
to admit new States into this Union without the
concurrence and the consent of the Representa-
tives of the North ? You now have, in this Cham-
ber, six majority from the free States. Ere long,
perhaps in less than three days, you will have
eight, by the admission of Kansas; and soon after,
Nebraska,Washington, and otlierTerntories, will
be admitted as free States, which will increase
your majority. There is no Territory south outof
which we could possibly form more than one or
tY/o slave States. While you have amajority here
that would prevent the admission of a new State
without your assent, you have, in the other branch
of Congress, a majority now of over fifty from
the free States; and when the apportionment shall
come to be mado under the census of 1860, your
majority in that branch will he greatly increased.
Could we acquire territory by treaty without your
consent? Why, sir, you know that every treaty
must be confirmed by two thirds of the Senate.
You havea majoritynow of six; and is there any
danger that we shall acquire future territory by a
vote of two thirds of this Senate, unless it meet
the approbation of our brethren of the North?
Certainly not. That objection, then, as I before
said, I hold to be badly taken. It is really worth-
less. When properly considered, it amounts to
nothing.
It is objected to because it recognizes slavery.
I conceive that that objection is equally untenable;
for I hold that the present Constitution recognizes
that institution. It is a fact that is indisputable,
that under the law of nations, at the time of the
formation of this Government, slaves were recog- I
nized as property throughout Christendom. All j
the great Powers held slave colonies, to wit: j
France, Spain, and England. Upon that subject !
I have a decision of the Iligh Court of Admiralty,
pronounced by Sir William Scott, that I think is
conclusive. 1 will ask my friend from Missouri
to read it.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the name of the
case ?
Mr. POWELL. It is the case of Le Louis, 2
Dodson. The court, speaking of slavery and the
slave trade, said.
Mr. GREEN read, as follows:
" It [the court] must look to the legal standard of moral-
ity; and upon a question of this nature, that standard must
be found in the law of nations, as fixed and evidenced bv
general and ancient and admitted practice, by treaties, and
by the gcneial tenor of the laws and ordinance;*, and the
formal tiansactions of civilized States; and looking to those
authorities, 1 find a difficulty in maintaining that the traffic
is legally eiiminal.
"Let me not be misunderstood, or misrepresented, as a
professed apologist for this practice, when X state facts
whieti no man can deny; that personal slavery aiising out
of lorcible captivity is coeval with the earliest periods of
the history of mankind; that it ia found existing—and, as
far as appears, without animadversion—in the earliest and
most authentic records of the human race j that it is rec-
ognized by the codes of the raos-t polished nations of an-
tiquity ; that, under the light of Christianity itself, the pos-
session of persons so acquned has been m every civilized
country invested with the character ot property, and se-
cured as such by all the protections of law; that solemn
treaties have been fiamed andnational monopolies eagerly
sought, to facilitate and extend the commerce in this as-
serted property; and all this, with all the sanctions of law,
public and municipal, and without any opposition, except
the protests of a few private moralists, little heard and less
attend<gl to, in every country, till within these veiy few
yeais, m this particular countiy. If the niattci rested here,
T fear it would have been deemed a most extravagant as-
sumption in any court of the law of nations to pronounce
that this practice, the tolerated, the approved, the encour-
aged object of law, ever since man became subject to law,
was prohibited by that law, and was legally criminal. But
the matter docs not rest here. Within these few years a
considerable change of opinion has taken place, paiticu-
larly in this country Formal declarations have been made,
and laws enacted in reprobation of this practice; and pains,
ably and zealously conducted, have been taken to induce
other countries to follow the example, but at present with
insufficient effect; lor there aie nations winch adhere to
the practice under all the encouragement which then own
laws can give it. What is the doctrine ot'onrcouits, ot the
law of nations, lelative to them ? Why, that their practice
is to be respected; that their slaves, if taken, aie to be
restoied to them; and if not taken under innocent mistake,
! aie to be restored with costs mid damage:*. All this, uitely,
upon the gtound that such conduct on the part of any State
is no depa'rtmc from the law of nations ; because if it were,
no such icspeet could be allowed to it upon an exemption
of its own making, for no nation can privilege itself to com-
mit a crime against tfie law of nations by a meie munici-
pal i emulation of its own. And if our understanding and
administiation of the law of-nations be, that rvciy nation,
independently of treaties, retains a legal right to can yon this
traffic, and that the trade earned on under that authority is
to be inspected by nil ttibunals, foreign as well as domes
tic, it is not easy to find any consistent grounds on which
to maintain that the traffic, according to om views of that
law, is eiiminal."—English. Admiralty Repot tsy vol. 2. pp.
Mr. POWELL. Upon the proposition stated,
that authority is too clear and explicit to need
comment. I have another "case in the King's
Bench, decided in 1820, and reported in the third
volume of Barnwell and Aldcrson's Reports—the
case of Madrazo vs. Willes. In that case, Mr.
Justice Best said:
" It clear from these authorities tiiat the slave trade
was not condemned by the law of nations."—3 Barnwell
and J2!<lcrson, p. 3.">9.
It is clear, then, Senators, upon the authorities
I have adduced—and I could have had abundant
authority from the elementary books, if I had
chosen to refer to them, but I preferred to present
the adjudications of the law of nations from the
courts of Great Britain, one opinion delivered in
1817, and the other in 1820—that the condition ot
slavery was recognized by English courts.
At the time of the formation of this Govern-
ment, all the colonies recognized property in
slaves, and treated them as articles of commerce
and merchandise. In the debate in the conven-
tion, which formed the Articles of Confederation,
you will find that property in slaves was clearly
and explicitly recognized- In the debates in the
convention that formed the present Constitution,
Mr. Elbridge Gerry, a delegate from Massachu-
setts, and others, clearly and distinctly stated that
slaves were property. In the Constitution itself,
property in slaves is most clearly recognized, not
only in that clause which declares that " 110 per-
son held to seivice or labor in one State under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in
consoqucncc of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged from such service or labor, but shall
be delivered up on claim of the party to whom
such service or labor may be clue," but in that
other clause of the Constitution which declared
that the slave trade should not be prohibited
by Congress for twenty years, clearly treating
slaves as property, as articles of commerce and
traffic; and allow me to say that that clause was
put in the Constitution by the vote of Massachu-
setts, with Carolina and Georgia, and against the
earnest protest of Virginia. At that time our
Massachusetts friends did not think there was no
property in slaves. When it comporte'd with
their interest, they strenuously contended that the
right to traffic in them should bo allowed for
twenty years, and that Congress should not pro-
hibit it. The Constitution, in my judgment, is
clear and explicit upon that point; and the view I
take of it has certainly been held by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and by the highest ju-
dicial tribunals of many of the States of this Union.
Ill the celebrated Dred Scott decision, Judge Ta-
ney says:
" Now, aa we have already said in ail earlier part of tills
opinion, upon a diffcient pomt. the right of property in a
slave distinctly and expiesslv affirmed in the Constitu-
tion. The right to truffle in it. like an ordinary aiticlo of
meicharidise and property, was guarantied to the citizens
of the United States, in every State that might dcsiie it,
for twenty years. And the Government, in express temis,
is pledged to protect it m all futuie time, it the slave es-
capes from his owner. Tliis is done in plain words—too
plain to be misunderstood. And no word can be found in
the Constitution which gives Congress a greater power
over slave propeity, or winch entitles pioperty of that kind
to less protection, than property of any other dcscuption.
Tlie only power conferred is the power coupled with the
duty of guarding and protecting the owner in his rights.''
Could language be more explicit? If the Con-
stitution is as it has been expounded by the most
august judicial tribunal in the land, then the arti-
cle which is now under consideration does not
change the present Constitution so far as it relates
to the recognition of property in slaves. I havea
further authority oil the subject. In the second
volume of Pickering's Massachusetts Reports, in
the case of the Commonwealth vs. Griffith, Chief
Justice Parker says, speaking of the Constitution
of the United States:
" 71/iac instrument was a compromise, ft was a compact
by win.eh all aie bound. Wo are to consider, then, what
was the intention of the Constitution. The woicUof it
were used out of delicacy, so as not to offend some in the
convention whose feelings were abhorrent to slavery; but
we there entered into an agieement that slaves should be
considered as property. Slaveiy would still have continued
if no Constitution had been made.1"—Pickering's Reports,
vol. 2, p. 19.
Chief Justice Parker declares, as explicitly as
it is possible for him to do, that slaves, under the
Constitution of the United States, were consid-
ered as property. The Federalist, I believe, has
been held, by all men of all parties, to be a most
faithful exposition of the Constitution by those
who formed it. In No. 54 of the Federalist, writ-
ten by Mr. Madison, whose authority is often
quoted to prove that the Constitution does not
lecognize slavery, I find this:
"The Fedcial Constitution, therefore, decides with great
piopnety on the ease of our slaves, when it views them in
the mixed character of persons and of property."
The authorities I have adduced, when taken
in connection with the plain and explicit declara-
tions of the Constitution, can leave no doubt that
slaves are recognized as property in the Consti-
tution. Congress has, on more occasions than
one, recognized property in slaves. By a law of
the United States, approved 2d March, 1807, staves
are recognized as property;and the transportation
of such property, in vessels of the United States
sailing coastwise, is regulated, and the protection
of our Hag given to it; and there are millions of
slave property now held by the people in the
southern States, acquired through the United
States, having been sold under the Federal laws,
for debts due the United States. In the treaty of
peace, signed at Paris m 1782, property in slaves
was distinctly recognized, and that treaty was
signed by John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and
John Jay, and other distinguished men. The
seventh article of the treaty is as follows:
Provisional Articles between the United States of America
and his Britannic Majesty.
Agreed upon by and between Richard* Oswald, esquire,
the eommis-bioncr of his Bittannic Majesty, tor treating of
peace with the eommissioneisofthe United States of Amer-
ica, in behalf of liis said Majesty, on one part, and John
Adams, Benjamin Fianklin, John Jay, and Henry Laurens,
four of the commissioners of the said States, &c.
