676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
by all the means in its power. Can it be possible, then, t6
exclude piovineefrom the rights which all others have
and enjoy? It cannot be said that the contract with the Pan-
ama railroad prevents it; forthe exception in article seven
is explicit, ami applies directly to the preservation and im-
provement ottlie road. That article reads thus : 'Itbcing
nevertheip^ well understood that the privilege of which
tins article treats cannot and mast not in anymanner pre-
vent the completion, preservation, and improvement of
roads which already exist, or which are actually being con-
structed on thesaid Isthmus.' And if such exception had
not been made, the executive power couid not legally have
approved of that contract."
The attorney general (Seiior Gallego) goes on
to observe, (pages 8 and 9:)
" It is well Known that persons interested in the Panama
railroad have ciiculated the idea that our roads maybe
improved, but without chancing their nature, winch is, in
good Spanish, equivalent to saying that we must leave
Them, witli but a blight difference, just as they existed be-
fore. These are gratuitous and sclr-prejudiccd interpreta-
tions. Aiticlc seven, to which they iefei,does not impose
any such icstrictions ; it uses the vvoid to imfiiovl in all
its amplitude; and therefore this province may, even if the
Panama grant extends this fai, improve its road of Bocas
del Toro, even to the extent of making a railroad. It it
is not, then lut it be pioved that to unpiovc one tiling is
not to make it bettor than it was. Toimtrove,, in its wide
range of meaning, as it has been used, is to cWy one thing
to us highest degree of perfection. So that, if a road more
pcrfectthanaraihoad should bo invented for away of com-
munication, then such invention could undoubtedly be
adopted by this province for its load."
I affirm, therefore, Mr. Chairman, upon the
authority of the highest law officer of Chiriqui,
who is certainly competent to explain the mean-
ing of terms used in the decrees of his own prov-
ince, and expressed in his own language, that a
full and perfect privilege to construct a railroad
was covered by the original grant to the parties
with whom wo are dealing.
Attorney General Black thought the word "road-
way" did not include a railway privilege, and he
so states in his letter. But his attention had not
been called to the cotcmpor.mcous and local ex-
position of that word which I have read, and
which would have been conclusive to his, as it
must be to any, fair judgmvnt.
Mr. PHELPS. WilUhe gentleman permit me
to read one section here?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly, if it is not too long.
Mr. PT-IELPS. I will read two sections from
the grant to the Panama company:
"ArtI. The exelOMve privilege of establishing a lail-
road between the two ocean*., acio&s the isthmus of Pa-
nama, Is conceded to the company styled ' the Panama
company.'
" Art 4. During the ninety-nine years of exclusive priv-
ilege thus conceded to the cmpresarios for the establishment
of railroads from one ocean to the other, the Government
of the Republic engages neither itself to make, nor to grant
to any other company whatever, under any title, the power
to establish, another iron railroad or macadamized load,
serving as moans of communication between the two oceans
across the isthmus of Panama ; neither shall the Govern-
ment of the Republic undetmke itself, nor giant to any other
peihon oi persons, the light to open umaritime canal across
the Isthmus, connecting the two seas, duiing the peiiod of
the continuance of the privilege j i anted to the company of
Panama, without the cogent oi that company."
Mr. SICKLES. J am glad the gentleman from
Missouri has called the attentionof the House to
these provisions of the Panama grant; for they
do not in the least ernbairass my argument, bu-t,
on the contrary, they go to prove that the effect
of a defeat of this measure will be to yield the
Panama railroad the absolute monopoly which
they claim. It is a sufficient answer for mo to
make to the gentleman's citation, to say that .New
Granada, the Government which made the grant
to the Panama company, repudiates and repels
his construction of their language. J prefer to
take the construction of the Government of New
Granada, as to the powers of the Panama com-
pany, and as to the privileges granted to Mr.
Thompson, rather than the views of any gentle-
man upon this floor, no matter how high I may
esteem his judgment. It will be proper, also, fo
observe that the_ following passage in the same
decree from which the gentleman reads, mate-
\ ially modifies the sejise of the extracts which he
has read;
" It hf-ing, nevertheless, well understood that the privi-
lege of which tlic articlc tieats cannot, and must not, m
any manner pievent the completion, preservation, and £m-
proveinent of roads which already exist, or which are ac-
tually being constructed, on the said Isthmus."
I hare already shown that the authorities of
Chiriqui understood, by "improvement," that
they might not only build a railroad, but any other
soi t of road which should be invented. If further
authority were needed, I would refer gentlemen
t@ a communication transmitted to us by the Pres-
ident from the envoy of New Granada, in this
city, in which Mr. Herran ignores the exclusive
pretensions of the Panama company. "We are
not to legislate in this House in affirmance of a
perpetual monopoly in the Panama Company;
we may leave that corporation to settle its own
questions with the Government from which it
derived its grant. Of course, it will be the duty
of our Government to see that no illegal encroach-
ment upon its property is permitted by New
Granada. But of this there can be no well-founded
apprehension.
The argument of the gentleman from Missouri
amounts to this: that, inasmuch as the Panama
Company asserts an exclusive right of railway
transit over the Isthmus of Panama, therefore
neither New Granada nor Costa Rica can grant,
and no citizen of the United States can acquire,
the privileges conceded to Thompson & Morell.
To this extreme proposition I will only say, that if
New Granada, Costa Rica, and the United States
concur in a limitation upon the power of the Pan-
ama Railroad Company, it will be effectual.
In the next instance] the gentleman from Mis-
souri objects that we are to acquire the use of har-
bors in a foreign nation. Perhaps I ought to
divide the gentleman's argument into two general
divisions. He enumerated some ten objections to
this appropriation. Five or six of them prove,
if they prove anything, that we get too much for
our money; and the rest of the objections prove,
if they prove anything, that we get nothing for
our money. At one moment he argues that we
ought not to take this grant, because it gives us
resources and privileges and rights which we ought
not to enjoy in a foreign country. And then, not
perceiving his inconsistency, he denounces the
appropriation because we are to get nothing for
the $300,000. I might say that one half of his
objections answer the other half. We might
strike an average and say the result is, that we
made a very good bargain.
{ submit to the committee that we do not, by
the arrangement we propose to make with those
parties, acquire territorial jurisdiction over the
harbors, or over the lands. We would not exer-
cise any powers of Government over the Terri-
tory; and if the gentleman's argument does not
amount to that, it amounts to nothing. It would
appear to be his view, that our laws are to be ex-
tended over a portion of Chiriqui. There is no
foundation for this suggestion. We simply ac-
quire the right to such occupation as may be ne-
cessary for repairing our vessels, for coaling them
in the harbors, and for getting coal from the land—
ceded absolutely to the individuals through whom
we obtain these privileges. We become sub-
tenants to the grantees. When the railroad shall
be constructed by private parties, we will have
the right also, to avail ourselves of it for the pur-
poses of transportation.
Noterritorial jurisdiction was ceded to the Chir-
iqui company. No territorial jurisdiction was
ceded to Thompson; and,as the rights ofthe Gov-
ernment of the United States will be, of course,
subordinate to those of its grantors, we can have
no territorial jurisdiction; thus disposing at once
of all that branch of the gentleman's argument
which dcpiecatcs the Government of the United
States taking possession of harbors in Central
America—taking possession of territory and as-
serting tho power of the G overmnent there. There
is no basis whatever for it.
The gentleman from Missouri reminds us that
the Government would have no right to carry
troops or munitions of war by this road. Now,
sir, that criticism is true of the agreement made
in July last, between Costa Rica and Mr. Thomp-
son, which, as I have already slated, was not in
existence when this contract was made between
the Secretary of tho Navy and Mr. Thompson.
But, sir, it does not appear that we would not
have the right to carry troops and munitions of
war under the original grant from the Govern-
ment of New Granada; and unless he shows that
he shows nothing. It is very true that it would
not be proper fortius Government 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. "Will the
gentleman from New York permit me to refer to
only one clause?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The sixth
section reads:
fweTjn troop* w impl*m<>«ts of war. belonging
thereto, shall pass over the road without permission ofthe
General Government of the Republic."
Mr. SICKLES. Precisely, sir. That is the
very point I am upon. I was about to say, that
it would be necessary, at all times, for the Gov-
ernment of the United States, whenever it pro-
poses to carry troops or munitions of war through
the territory of another Power, to ask permission
to do so. In the absence of treaty stipulations,
the comity of nations would not give us this right;
and this Government would not attempt to exer-
cise it, except in deference to the pleasure of Costa
Rica.
Concede, then, that the Costa Rica grant pro-
hibits the transportation of munitions of war and
troops, and thatNew Granada makes her previous
assent a condition, it, nevertheless, remains un-
doubtedly true that neither of those Governments,
while at peace with the United States, and while
having friendly treaty relations with us, would
ever refuse us permission to transport troops and
munitions of war from our possessions on the
Atlantic to our possessions on the Pacific. If we
were at war with any of the States of Central
America; if we were at war with any of their
allies, they would withhold permission; but under
no other circumstances would this act of comity
be refused.
I desire now to bring more conspicuously to the
attention of the House the broad and ample rail-
road grant made by the supplemental convention
negotiated by Thomas Francis Meagher with
Costa Rica. It is full and complete in all its parts,
and attests the ability and address of the accom-
plished gentleman who represented the grantees,
Thompson and his associates. By the furthereon-
tractmadein August, 1860,Mr.Thompsonand his
associates enabk d the United States to participate
in all the benefits of his recent convention with
Costa Rica,inaddition tothc privileges previously
secured by the United States, and for which the
$300,000 now to be appropriated was the stipulated
compensation.
So, sir, for this appropriation we get the benefit
of all these privileges. It has been suggested that
the recent agreement of July, 18G0y with Costa
Rica, required the parties to pay $100,000 in six
months; that this sum has not been paid, and that
therefore the grant has become void. Now, if gen-
tlemen will read the contract, which they will find
among the documents sent in with the message—
page 69, article twenty—they will see that the
$100,000 is not payable until six months after the
approval of the contract by the Costa Rican Con-
gress. The Congress of Costa Rica does not meet
until May next. Therefore this sum, which is a
mere deposit as security for the undertaking of
the parties to build the road, will not be payable
to the treasury of Costa Rica until the 1st of No-
vember, 1861
The Congress of Costa Rica, by a decree which
will be found on page 65 of Executive Document
No. 41,expressly authorized u the executive power
to conclude with Mr. Thomas Francis Meagher,
agent and representative of Mr. Ambrose W.
Thompson, a citizen of the United States, a con-
tract for the construction of a railroad between
Boca del Toro and Golfo Dulce, conforming in
every respect with the bases which, having been
approved of, are annexed." The only deviation
from the specifications annexed to the decree by
Congress was, that Congress provided for a de-
posit of $50,000 as security, and the Executive of
Costa Rica insisted upon astipulation for $100,000
as bail for the undertaking. It is not likely the
Congress of Costa Rica will hesitate to approve
the form ofthe contract on account of this addi-
tional guarantee. It is urged that the grantees
are not authorized to ccdc their privileges to a for-
eign Government. The Government does nnt
propose to acquire the railroad grant. The Gov-
ernment does not propose to build the railroad.
The Government does not propose to acquire any
privileges, except as incidental to the rights of the
individual grantees; and to enjoy them, subject to
all the provisions and stipulations contained in
the contract, and subordinate to the justauthority
of Costa Rica, just as any individual might do.
It was insisted by the gentleman fiotn Mis-
souri, that we have no right to acquire any such
privileges even as tenants. In that, I think, the
gentleman is entirely mistaken, with reference to
the history and practice of this Government. We
hav«acoal station on the Mediterranean; we have
