1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*87-7
a coal station in China. Why should we not
have one in the Caribbean sea or on the Gulf of
Mexico? The gentleman says that we do not
own these. Does he mean that we do not own
them in fee-simple? It does not matter; concede
that we are only tenants. That is just the priv-
ilege we will now acquire in Chiriqui. We will
be tenants in possession for sixty years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTLE obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from New
York give way for amotion that the committee
rise ?
Mr. PHELPS. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from New York, to make this
remarks We own no naval station either on the
Mediterranean or in China. If we have coal stored
there, we have it kept just as we have other naval
stores kept. But the Government has 110 owner-
ship whatever over these stations.
Mr. SICKLES. It now wants about five min-
utes to four o'clock, when the House will take a
recess. I ask my colleague to give way to me for
those five minutes.
Mr. POTTLE. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to present a proposition,
which I desire to offer as an amendment to the
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
now.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Missouri
persists in his objection that we have no business
to acquire any rights, either as owners of prop-
erty or as tenants, outside of our jurisdiction, and
he cites international law for that proposition.
Why, sir, international law does not establish
any such thing. He says that we have not shown
t.ny law of New Granada which authorizes the
United States to acquire any rights of property
there. Mr. Chairman, the affirmative is on him;
it is for him to produce some law of New Gran-
ada which prohibits a foreign Government from
becoming the owner or the tenant of property
within itsjurisdict ion. The Government of Russia
owns real estate in London, Paris, Madrid, and
Vienna. The Government of England owns real
estate in half the countries of the world—where
ever ithasdiplomaticrelations. The United States
has owned property in France and in other parts
of the world. Mr. Monroe, when minister to
Paris, occupied, with the legation, a house which
was the property of the United States. If New
Granada and Costa Rica have no law prohibiting
it, the Government of the United States can buy
just so much land in New Granada or Costa Rica
as we may need.
The Government of the United States would,
perhaps, hold this property by the same tenure as
the Government of Great Britain holds similar
possessions in Honduras—as a mere usufruct to
cut log-wood. We will not claim territorial or civil
jurisdiction over it; we acquire only the right of
use and occupation in the harbors and coal mines,
and the right of transit for ©ur mails, &c., over
the railroad when constructed.
Mr. Chairman, I shall conclude with one or
two general considerations. The gentleman from
Missouri appealed to the House on the score of
economy. Sir, I venture to say that no measure
has ever been presented in the history of this Gov-
ernment, involving the expenditure of $300,000,
for which privileges of equal value to the Gov-
ernment, or of more importance to its citizens,
were to be secured. If this contract be not ful-
filled by the Government, there are capitalists in
New York who will give double the sum for the
same privileges. Englandstands ready, without
doubt, to seize the opportunity which we may
lose. It would be worth millions to Great Brit-
ain. -The great advantage which these parties
will secure by blending their interests with the
Government of the United States in the manner
now contemplated is, that their railroad and
harbor and coal mines will have the protection
which this country will always extend to its citi-
zens legitimately employed in the vast American
commerce now rapidly concentrating 011 the Isth-
mus which divides two great oceans, and connects
the continents of North and South America.
Mr. POTTLE resumed the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Scott, who moved that the Committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (H. R. 866) to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the year ending June 30, 1861,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BURNETT moved that the House take a
recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at four o'clock) took a recessuntil seven
o'clock, p. m.  
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Burnett in
the chair) stated the business in order to be the re-
port of the committee of thirty-three, on which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
was entitled to the floor.
ILLINOIS SALINE LANDS.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask my colleague
from Illinois to yield to me for a few moments,
for the purpose of asking a favor of the House,
or of the benches. It is this: I have a bill in my
possession which is very important to a portion
of my constituents, and one to which, I am sure,
no gentleman would object. I desire to ask the
permission of the House to postpone the special
order until I can present this bill and have it acted
on. I see the gentleman from—somewhere—
shakes his head. I will explain what the bill is,
and then, if there is objection, I will not press it.
I have no idea that I can get the floor when the
House is full; and therefore it is that I have
I; sought it now.
S| A certain portion of the saline hinds in Jackson
county, Illinois, were reserved for the State, at
the time of the admission of Illinois into the
Union. In 1841, I believe it was, the Congress
of the United States passed an act authorizing
the Legislature of that State to dispose of these
lands. They did so. The lands were sold, and
purchased by individuals. By an examination
of the records at Springfield, it. is shown that
the reservation was made, and that the State
made her selection of saline lands, amounting to
eighteen hundred acres in that county. But the
records have been destroyed, so that there is no
connection of title. They now only ask that
Congress will confirm the title of these individ-
uals to the lands they ha\e purchased of the State,
under an act of the Legislature passed m pursu-
ance of an act of Congiess. I have here m my
desk the act of the Legislature, the act of Con-
gress, and the ordinance referring to the subject.
There is nothing wrong in it whatever. It is an
act simply for doing justice to those individuals.
t have consulted the Commissioner of the Gen-
oral Land Office and asked his view m reference
to it, and he recommended this mode of confirm-
ing the title of these persons. I now ask leave
to introduce this bill, if there be no objection.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I object to any
business being done.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to know what ob-
jection the gentleman has to the bill.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. It was the under-
standing, when the House took a recess, that there
was to be no business done.
Mr. JUNKIN. It was the agreement simply ;
that no vote was to be taken. \
Mr. McCLERNAND. It may be done by gen- j
eral consent without taken any vote. j
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I sympathize very j
much with the gentleman. !
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not ask the gentleman's ;
sympathy. i
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. Because I am in ,
very much the same situation with him. I have |
been unable to get the floor; but I come here to- j
night, however, and find myself almost in entire j
possession of the floor. I have no objection to j
the introduction of the gentleman's bill; but I j
shall certainly object to his putting it on its pas-
sage; because it would be a violation of what I
understand to have been the agreement of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present oc-
cupant of the chair would not feel himself author- M
ized to receive any bill under the arrangement !j furnish precedents of binding authority, if found
which he understands was made this morning in ^ at all in conflict with any of the provisions or
the House, that the evening session was to be i; principles of the existing Constitution.
solely for the purpose of debate—that no business
was to be done.
Mr. LOGAN. I, of course, would not violate
any agreement; but I should like to know by
whom the agreement was made? I understand
that the House did not adjourn this morning; it
only took a recess. It is now in session; and no
understanding can prevent business from being
done by general consent.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that it is very frequently the case that the
House takes a recess for the purposes of debate
only. The Chair understands that when the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] moved that the
House might take a recess, he stated that it was
for the purpose of debate only, and the motion
was so entered on the Journal. The present oc-
cupant of the chair was not present when the
motion was made; but, understanding such to
have been the fact, he would not be disposed, un-
less a quorum was present, to permit business to
be done.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I will not insist on the
introduction of that bill. I had hoped, I confess,
that my request would not have been objected^)
except from captiousness; but on the contrary,
that it would have been instantly granted. It is
a proper bill, and it initiates legislation that ought
to be made by this Congress.
The House was addressed by Messrs.FARNS-
WORTH and AVERY 011 thestateoftheUnion.
[Their speeches will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, the powers
1 and duties of this Government, in relation to the
' Territories of the United States, has been, for
several years past, the overshadowing question
in national politics. It has been the central idea
upon which old political parties have been reor-
ganized, and around which new ones have been
formed. With the discussions upon it, the whole
subject of African slavery on this continent has
become involved. Divisions and differences in
1 relation to it afford the occasion, if they are not
the cause, of the unhappy condition of things
now existing in the country.
In the f >w remarks I have to offer, I shall feel
myself obliged, however reluctant I may be, and
however familiar to the public mind the whole
subject may be, to refer, as preliminary to some
conclusions at which I desire to arrive, to a few
of the salient points in the history of this terri-
torial question.
The propei otganization and government of
these Territories has been a source of trouble and
embarrassment to tho Federal Government from
the first territorial acquisition to the present day.
, The eminent men who framed the Constitution of
I the United States, and who, with such prophetic
] wisdom, provided so well for most of the contin-
! gencies which have arisen, seem never to have
realized the importance which this subject was
destined to assume, mid honce omitted to make
such specific proviswhs for the acquisition and
government of new districts of country as expe-
rience has since shown to be highly desirable.
As to the constitutional powers of this Govern-
ment, in these respects, we have had to rely
mainly upon inferences from the grant of other
powers more clearly defined.
The first idea seemed rather to be to hold and
govern the Territoues as provinces, Congress to
enact all laws necessary for this purpose. The
next proposition was to organize them as incipient
arid quasi-ill dependent States outside of the Union,
to be admitted into the Confederacy as soon as
thev were deemed to have a sufficient population.
This has been usually known as Mr. Jefferson's
plan; finally, however, the policy was adopted of
organizing temporary or provisional governments
for them, at the discretion, and to exist during
the pleasure, of Congress. This policy was in-
augurated in the adoption of the ordinance of
1787, andhas been continued, with varying amend-
ments and modifications, to the present day.
Under this system the Federal Government, as a
general proposition, appoints the executive and
judicial officers of the Territories. These things
occurred, however, during the old Congress of the
Confederation, and before the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and hence do not
