678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Early in the history of this territorial system
the question of slavery became one of some inter-
est. Yielding, however, to the natural laws des-
tined, to a great extent, to govern the question of
slavery in this country at all times—that is, the
laws of climate, of soil, and of production—almost
by common consent this institution was first dis-
couraged, and its extension into the northwest-
ern Territories prohibited; but it was encouraged
and protected in its extension into the Territories
on the southwest. Thus, in a friendly and fra-
ternal spirit, means were provided by which both
systems of labor in use under our Government
had a natural outlet. At that time, therefore,
nothing more seemed to be demanded on either
side. Thus the policy of dividing the common Ter-
ritories of the United States between the two sys-
tems of labor, seemed, though informally, to be
tacitly acknowledged.
When Missouri applied for admission, lying as
she does on both sides of what was regarded as
the natural boundary between the free and the slave
States, though, in my judgment, clcarly entitled
to unconditional admission as a slave State, by
0e terms of the Louisiana purchase, a determined
and even furious opposition was made to her
admission, because of her toleration of slavery.
Then, for the first time, was the question of sla-
very in the Territories presented in that angry and
excited form which has since given us so much
trouble and anxiety.
After much angry feeling and discussion on both
sides, as a preliminary measure, it was enacted
by Congress, that, north of a certain line since
known as the Missouri compromise tine, slavery
or involuntary servitude should thereafter be pro-
hibited. With this, much of the opposition to
the application of Missouri was withdrawn, and
provisions were made by which she was admitted
as one of the States of this Confederacy. These
measures were acquiesced in; and thus again was
the slavery question disposed of, by acting upon
the idea of a division of territory between those
wlio desired to tolerate and those who desired to
prohibit shivery.
As one result of the Mexican war, we acquired
a very large new district of country. As pielim-
inary to this acquisition, it was proposed in Con-
gress to forever exclude slavery from all territory
to be thus acquired. If I read the history of the.
country corrertly, this is the firsttimc a proposi-
tion was ever seriously urged to exclude slave-
holders from all the Territories of the United
States. Those who now contend that such a pol-
icy is in accordance with the practices of the
faners of the Republic, certainly do not read his-
tory impartially. That many of them entertained
anti-slavery views, I readily grant; but they never
went ao far as to attempt, either by constitutional
provision or congressional enactment, to exclude
slavery from all common Territories. As before
remarked, theirs was rather a policy of division,
and not of total prohibition or exclusion.
The proposition thus tS exclude slavery from
the proposed newly-acquired territory tailed.
After its acquisition, a proposition was brought
forward to extend the Missouri line through this
territory to the Pacific ocean. That also failed.
In 185u, as a part of the compromise measures of
that year, and as one of the necessities of the
times, a new policy m relation to slavery in the
Territories was inaugurated. It was provided that
the people interested should determine whether
they would have slavery, or not, without the in-
tervention ofCongress; thusabandoningtheoldcr
policy of division. This plan seemed to be so
much in accordance with the genius of our Gov-
ernment, and of such easy and universal applica-
tion to all Territories, wherever situated, that it
was embraced by both of the leading political par-
ties of the day. It but remained to repeal the act
which established the Missouri line, to make this
principle applicable to all then existing Territo-
ries, and this was accordingly done in 1854.
Notwithstanding the opposition which followed
the repeal of the Missouri line, I, in common with
thousands of other friends of that measure, never
doubted that the principle on which it was done
would be again sanctioned by the people. Such
I believe to be the opinion of a majority of the
American people to-day on the abstract question
alone. Hut other questions have now overshad-
owed this one; and it is with the exigencies of the
hour that the practical statesman must deal.
Bearing upon this question of popular sover-
eignty, as it is termed, in opposition to the theory
of congressional sovereignty and of congressional
intervention, the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the Dred Scott case, has
played an important part. WhateverdifFcrenc.es
of opinion may prevail, either among my polit-
ical friends or my political opponents, in relation
to this decision, it is due to frankness to say
that I was not taken by surprise by it; and that,
from the first, I very cheerfully acquiesced in it.
In the first place, I felt it my duty, as a good citi-
zen, to yield obedience to the tribunal which pro-
nounced this decision. In the next place, the
reasons assigned by a majority of the judges who
concurred in it, weie,to me, satisfactory as to the
conclusions to which the court arrived. I have
not time to review that decision now; but I will
remark, in passing, that if it be conceded that the
right of the master in the services of his slave
be, under any State law, a vested property right,
then, none but a sovereign power can divest this
right. It follows, therefore, that to enable any
legislative body to do this, the power must be
conferred by some grant of the Constitution under
which it is held. If no such grant has been given,
then the power docs not exist in the Legislature.
This principle has been recognized, though in a
different sort of case, by the supreme court of my
own State. I refer to the case of Beebe vs. the
State, (6 Indiana Reports, p. 501.) How far the
Territorial Legislature may, under its policc and
regulating powers, encourage or discourage any
particular class of property without an unwar-
ranted infringement of vested rights, I will not
now stop to inquire. This I regard as still an
unsettled question.
Practically, sir, I do not regard the points in-
volved in this decision of as much importance to
any section as many seem to have done. After
all that may be said and done, a majority of the
people in each distinct and sovereign political com-
munity ultimately settle for themselves the kind
of domestic institutions under which they will
live. But as a constitutional question, and as an
exposition of the law of the case in this territorial
question, I have, fiom the first, accepted this de-
cision, and have only to regret that the country,
generally, has not been willing to do so also. I
would much prefer, even now, as a common pint-
form upon which all might stand, the conservative
doctrines contained in it. Other theories, how-
ever, prevailed in the contest through which we
have just passed. Though, by a minority vote,
yet under the forms of the Constitution, a Pres-
ident has been elected on a platform denying to
slaveholders any participation as such in the com-
mon Territories, and insisting upon the power
and duty of Congress to exclude slavery from all
those Territories. This is in direct conflict with
the decision to which I have referred, upon any
construction placed upon it, and, in my opinion,
offensively unjust to the people of the southern
States. There is no denying the fact that this
result, whether well founded or not, has filled the
southern mind with feelings of the deepest appre-
hension, and has already produced a most dis-
astrous effect m many of the southern States.
For myself, sir, I deeply regret the course which
several of the southern States have taken. As
an abstract proposition, I do not concede the right
of secession, in the sense in which it is claimed
by the seceding States. I can but regard their
proceedings as revolutionary, and subversive of
the Constitution; but it is of no use now to argue
these abstract propositions. King George III
thought that our fathers had no right to secede
from him; and technically, according to the theo-
ries of his Government, they had not. But still,
they did it. In spite of British bayonets they
claimed to be the exclusive judges of the extent
of their grievances, and of the mode of redress.
Many of the southern States are evidently intend-
ing to act on the same theories. Their success
is a question for the future to solve.
When a revolution is successful, its heroes are
voted patriots; when it fails, its leaders are de-
dounced as rebels. In this, as in all other haz-
ards, success is everything.
The seceding States are already out of the
Union, so far as any action they can take can place
them out. On their part, at least, secession and
disunion are accomplished facts. The secession
movement j& still onward, and gathers strength as
it progresses. The great question of the time is:
can anything be done to arrest the revolution
now upon us ? I believe, sir, that even yet it is
in the power of the present Congress to initiate
such measures as will arrest the movement m all
the States yet in the Union, and such as will,
sooner or later, induce the return of those which
have seceded. To do this, I regard it as para-
mount, however, that the public peace shall be
preserved. Everything consistent with honor and
patriotism should be done to prevent the shedding
of fraternal blood. To this high consideration all
minor questions, at least for the present, in my
judgment, ought to remain subordinate. It is the
duty of the Chief Executive of the nation to take
care that the laws be faithfully executed; and to
this end it is clearly his duty to use all proper and
reasonable efforts to enforce the laws and to pro-
tect the property belonging to the United States.
The extent to which he shall use the physical
force of the Government for these purposes, how-
ever, I regard as dependent upon the peculiar cir-
cumstances which shall attend each particular case
as it may arise. Each case of resistance calls for
the exercise of a sound discretion on the part of
the President or of Congress. As a general rule,
as against cases of the attempted nullification of
any particular statute, or as against mere masses
of individuals, a mob, or an armed resistance in
any given case, I am for a vigorous enforcement of
the laws, so long as the Government has the power.
Thepresentcondition of things, however, presents
all these questions in an entire new aspect to the
American people. Nothing has ever occurred
which affords a fair pieccdent for the emergency
now upon us. Itisnotacasc of nullification, mere-
ly, as in 1832; nor is it a case of ordinary armed
resistance to any particular law. We have now
six States, confessedly sovereign in many things,
claiming to have absolved themselves from all
political allegiance to the Federal Government,
and to be now sovereign and independent in all
things. They have gone even further, and have
organized governments de facto, independently of
the other States. They are also in the act of
oigamzing a new confederation of States, -which
other States may possibly soon join.
I think it is Macauley who lias said, *' When
king or ruler confounds the deliberate revolution-
ary uprising of a people with the irregular out-
break of an irresponsible mob, he commits a fatal
mistake." There can be no question as to the
wisdom of this suggestion, in these seceding
States, all the officers necessary to the ordinary
execution of the Federal laws have resigned. So
far as the ordinary means go, sir, the executive
and judicial branches of this Government arc in
a state of entire suspension in those States. It is
true, that these offices might be filled by persons
appointed from other States, and the officers thus
appointed might repair to their posts of duty,
supported by the Federal guns; but, in the pres-
ent temper of the times, what good could come
from such a proceeding? All must concede that
war would be the result. Of a war thus inaugu-
rated, the end is beyond mortal vision; but,as one
result of it, all hope of a reunion, or a reconstruc-
tion of the Government, would, in all human prob-
ability, be entirely destroyed. In such a war, the
entire country would most surely become in-
volved, sooner or later; and the waters of the
ocean would not suffice to wash out the stains of
the blood which would be shed during such a
conflict. Many things have occurred which, upon
I the impulse of the moment, citizens, loyal to the
j Union, may feel inclined to resent; but, sir, shall
| we not pause before we strike, when it is our
brother who offends?
In a matter upon which so much depends, the
utmost exercise of forbearance on all sides is im-
i peratively demanded. If, however, in spite of all
| patriotic efforts, a collision must ensue, let us do
| nothing to precipitate it. Let us first see who are
j to be our enemies; let us not commence an indis-
j criminate slaughter of friends and foes; let us first
j exhaust every effort at a peaceful settlement of
the impending troubles, if, unfortunately, the
time shall ever come when my allegiance to the
existing Federal Government, or to any integral
part of it, shall require me to take up arms in its
defense against the seceding States, or against any
portion of the southern people, I desire it to be
understood in advance, that it will not be for the
supremacy of the Chicago platform, or any other
