M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January
36TH: Cong. ... 2D SESS.
State of the Union—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
have.held differently. Ithas been so held, I think,
in New York, and certainly in Ohio and other
States. I know that this is a matter of very deep
and just complaint on the part of the people of
Kentucky against the State of Ohio; and I am sure
that honorable gentlemen do not wish to keep
thieves in their midst. Good faith and comity, as
well as constitutional obligations, require that such
persons-.should be surrendered. This amend-
ment would make certain and plain a provision of
the Constitution, which has been the subject of di-
verse construction. It relates to a subject of great
and vital interest to tlTc people of the South; and
none, X suppose, would object to it except those
■who would sanction the robbery of southern men
of their property. Republican Senators have often
<—I believe uniformly—expressed their condemna-
tion of such infractions of our rights. Honorable
gentlemen certainly do not desire to obstruct the
execution of the laws against the rights of prop-
erty in any'State in the Union, by refusing to pro-
vide a remedy to have delivered up the criminals,
who have fled and taken refuge in their States, for
trial and punishment. I therefore trust that this
amendment, so obviously just and necessary for
the protection of the South against robbery anil
theft, may be adopted.
The third amendment that I propose is, that
Congress shall pass efficient laws for the punish-
ment of allpersons,in any of tlie States, who in any
manner aid orabet invasion or insurrection in any
other State, or do any otheract tending to disturb
the tranquillity of the people or Government of
any other State. This provision seems to mc to
be eminently proper. It meets just such cases as
the raid of John Brown into Virginia; and 1 be-
lieve that that raid of John Brown was censured
very generally, I do not know but unanimously,
by Senators on the other side of the Chamber. If
they conceive it wrong—and I dare say they are
in earnest when they say so—why not pass laws
to punish such crimes, and why not put this pro-
vision in the Constitution, and make it the im-
perative duty of Congress to pass such laws ? My
distinguished friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] who most eloquently and ably addressed
the Senate a few days ago, declared that no State
in the Union had passed laws to meet such a case.
I find that the gallant State of New Jersey lias
passed a law which fBlly meets the case, and it
affords me pleasure so to announce. By an act
of the Legislature of that State, approved March
21, 1860, New Jersey declared:
"1. Beit enactedby the Senate and General Assembly of the
Slate of J)Tew Jersey, Tli.it if any person or persona shall,
within this State, get up or entei into any combination,
organization, or conspiracy, with the intent and purpose of
making or attempting to make a hostile invasion oi any other
Suite or Territory ot the United States, or shall engage in
plotting or contriving any such invasion, or shall know-
ingly furnish any money, arms, ammunition, or ot her means
in aid of such object, or shall, in any way, knowingly and
Willfully aid, abet, or counsel any sueh combination, 01-
grmization, or conspiracy, or any such hostile invasion,
such person or persons shall be deemed guilty ot ahigh mis-
demeanor, and shall, on eonvirfum, he punished by tine or
imprisonment at haul labor, oi both; the tine not to exceed
$1,000, and the imprisonmentnotto exceed the term of ten
years."
There arcother provisions of this law that strike
mo as very proper; and it seems to me thatif tins
amendment to the Constitution were passed, we
could not do much better than to copy this law ot'
New Jersey.
The fifth article proposed by my colleague pro-
vides that, in the event of a fugitive slave being
rescued from the proper officer, the United States
shall pay to the owner the value of the slave; and
then, that the United States shall have indemnity
against the county or town in which the rescue
took place; and that the county or city, for its in-
demnity, may sue and recover the amount paid
from the wrong-doer. There is no new principle
involved in this. By an ancient statute of Eng-
land, passed in the time of Edward I, the hundred
was responsible for all robberies committed there-
in, unless they-arrested the felon. Corporate cities
in this countiy have often been held responsible
bjr law for property destroyed by mobs, upon the
principle that it i s the duty of a Grovernmunt to
give protection to property. My venerable friend
from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] objected to this
clause,because, he said, it could not be practically
executed in Rhode Island, for the reason that they
had no county officers t here against whom the law
could be enforced, so as to reach the county. If
that be the fact, the honorable Senator should not
object. If the people of Rhode Island should vio-
late this provision, and there be no mode of exe-
cuting the law against the counties and corpora-
tions of that State, the people of his State would
be exempt from the penalty.
Mr. SIMMONS. We do not want any ex-
emption. I merely made the suggestion because
we want to obey the laws, like all other States.
Mr. POWELL. 1 felt very confident that the
venerable Senator did not want an exemption for
his gallant little State of Rhode Island, for I do
not believe the Senator would countenance for a
moment, byword or act, any violation ofthe con-
stitutional rights of the people of any part or por-
tion of this great country.
The sixth article proposed by my colleague de-
clares that no future amendment to the pr^teding
articles shall be made, nor to the third paragraph
of the second section of the first article of the
Constitution, nor the third paragraph to the sec-
ond scction of the fourth articlc of the Constitu-
tion ; and that no amendment shall be made to the
Constitution which will authorize or give to Con-
gress any power to abolish or inteifere with sla-
very in any of the States by whose laws it may
be allowed or permitted. One of the paragraphs
of the present Constitution, which it is declared
shall notbc repealed or altered, is the one relating
to representation and direct taxes; and the other
to the delivering up of fugitives fiom service or
labor. The latter clause of thisarticle, I suppose,
will meet the concurrence of gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber. The distinguished
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] not only
proposed and voted for a similar proposition in
the committee of thirteen, but he has sincc de-
clared in the Senate that he was willing to vote
for such an amendment to the Constitution; and
1 take it that the distinguished Senator's declara-
tion is a clear index to what the gentlemen on that
side of the Chamber will do. All the Republicans
of the committee of thirteen voted in that com-
mittee for the proposition of the Senator from
New York, to which I have just alluded.
There is a seventh article that I will notice very
briefly. It is, that the elective franchise and the
right to hold office, whether Federal, State, terri-
torial, or municipal, shall not be exercised by per-
sons who are 111 whole or in part of the African
race. I have heard it announced more than once
from distinguished gentlemen on the other side,
that they are opposed to negro equality, if they
are, why objcct to voting for this provision as a
clause of the Constitution ? This Government,
is a Government of white men, made by white men
for white men; and negroes should not be per-
mitted to vote or hold office under it. If you are
opposed, Senators, to negro equality, why not
come up and vote for this article as an amendment
to the Constitution? There certainly can be no
impropriety in it, if you are opposed to negro
equality; and I suppose you are, as you have so
often declaied it.
We have been asked by many gentlemen, and
especially by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
what we want. He said he could see no cause of
complaint; and he asked what they had done to
alarm us. It is not my purpose to enter into any
crimination and recrimination about the past; but
I will briefly state some things that have been done.
There have been bands organized m the free
States for the purpose of robbing our people of
their property.
Mi. WADE. I wish the Senator would give
us some proof of that. I should like to hear the
proof of it. I have heard the general charge often
enough.
Mr. POWELL. Well, sir, I will give you a
little ptoof from an Ohio man. It is a fact which
I did not suppose the honorable Senator doubted,
that such bands have been organized.
Mr. WADE. I do not believe a word of it.
Mr. POWELL. Why, sir, it is a matter of
daily announcement in the papeis in the northern
part of the gentleman's State, that so many slaves
arnved the night before by the way of the under-
ground railway, i am astonished that the Senator
should be ignorantof the facts thatareannounced
almost daily in the political journals that advocato
the doctrines of himself and his party. Thatsuch
bands are organized we who live upon the border
well know. I hold in my hand a letter, dated
Washington, December 31, 1860, written by an
honorable member of the other House, from Ohio,
[Mr. Cox,] to a Mr. Converse, in which he says:
" Kentucky is so unfortunate as to have in her midst
$170,000,000 in slave property. Her Governor says she is
losing at the rate of $200,000 per annum. I think if he
could keep a conductor of the under-ground railroad for a
year even, through my district, he would perhaps double
the estimate. I was told last tail, by a respectable Repub-
lican above Columbus, that they aveiaged through his
neighborhood least six lunaway slaves per week, helped
along by combinations of men, making a loss alone of some
®30,000 per annum to somebody."
******** **
"Organized bodies exist in the North to resist the en-
forcement ot the fugitive slave law; and I am mformed, by
one who knows, that at Iberia theie are seventy muskets
in store for such purposes, with United States brands on
them."
There is a distinct declaration of one of the
gentleman's honorable colleagues in the House
of Representatives, making the statement on the
authority of a Republican whom he vouches to be
highly respectable. I believe there are annually
taken from Kentucky by this means some $400,000
worth of our property. If the northern States
were foreign States, this would be good cause
of war, for there is no principle of international
law better established than that every State is
responsible for the acts of its people. If there
were organized bands of men in the slave States
going into the free States to abduct one, two,
three, or four hundred thousand dollars' worth of
their property a year, I would ask the honorable
Senator if he would not think legislation was re-
quired upon the part of the Government to pro-
tect the property of the people of the free States?
Would he not think, if these States were foreign,
and not connected together by a common bond of
union, thatsuch an infraction oftheirrights would
be good cause of war? It certainly would.
But, Senators, that is not all the complaint we
have. Wc know that the State Legislatures in
many of the free States have passed laws aiding
and abetting those persons who commit depreda-
tions upon our property. They have passed
laws in the shape of personal liberty bills by which
they declare that our property, after it gets into
their States, is no longer property. They have
denounced harsh penalties of fine and imprison-
ment upon our people who go there for the pur-
pose of recapturing their property. They have
obstructed the execution of the fugitive slave law,
and have passed laws imposing harsh penalties
of fine and imprisonment upon their magistrates
and citizens who assist in the execution of the
fugitive slave law—a law made in pursuance of
the Federal Constitution.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator tell me what
State it is which has passed such laws as those
he now speaks of?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir. The State of Ver-
mont, and some seven or eight other States of the
North, have passed such laws.
Mr. WADE. That is indefinite. I want to
know particularly.
Mr. POWELL. Seven or eight northern States
have passed such laws as I have indicated. The
law of Vermont, passed m 1858, provides that—
"Eveiy person who may hav«been held as a slave, who
shall come, or be biought, or be, in this State with the con-
sent ot his or her alleged master or mistress, or who shall
come or be brought, or be in llns Stale, shall be free.''''
The Federal Constitution says that such per-
sons shall not be free, but shall be given up on
demand of the owner; thelawof Vermontdeclares
they shall be free.
This law of Vermont further provides:
'•Sec. 7. Every person who shall hold, or attempt to hold,
in this State, in slavety, or as a slave, any nee petson, in
any form or for any time, however shoit, uudei the pretense
thatsuch person isorhasbeen a&lave, hhall. on conviction
thereof, be imprisoned in the State prison for a term not
less than five years nor moie than twenty years, and be
lined not less than ^ 1,000 nor moie than ^10,000."
If a man pass through Vermont with bis slave,
or should he go into that State and arrest his fugi-
tive slave, he is subject, under this law, to con-
finement in the penitentiary not less than five nor
more than twenty years, and to a fine of not less
than $1,000 nor more than $10,000.
These laws have been read and commented on
here at great length. I am astonished that the
Senatorshouldquestiontheirexistence. Itisafact
