96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
36th Cons. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Bust.
Ho. of Reps.
am. as much in favor of executing the laws as any
Senator in this Chamber. The laws ought to be
honestly and faithfully executed. Laws can be
executed against individuals, but riot against sov-
ereign States. How is it possible that you can
execute the laws when you have no civil officer
in the seceding States? You can only constitu-
tionally and lawfully apply force in aid of the civil
authority. You have no judges, you have no
marshals", you have no civil officers in those States.
Is there "a citizen of one of the seceding States who
acknowledges the jurisdiction of theUnited States?
I doubt if there be one.
How, then, can you execute the laws there?
If you resort to force, without that force being
called in aid of the civil authority, it would be
war; war, of itself, is equivalent to dissolution.
Suppose twenty-eight States were to undertake,
by force, to compel the five seceding States to re-
main in the Union and to acknowledge and sub-
mit to the jurisdiction of the United States: what
would be the result ? "W hen you had accomplished
everything you could expect from the Army and
Navy—bombarded and destroyed their cities, laid
waste their fields, slaughtered their people, over-
run and conquered. them—would you, by that
means,have preserved theUnion? No; youwould
have placed it beyond the probability of recon-
struction. So far from a constitutional Union of
thirty-three free sovereign States, you would have
twenty-eight States and five conquered provinces.
It is madness, worse than madness, to think of pre-
serving this Union by force. It cannot be done.
The real friends of the Union do not desire
coercion. Allow me to tell you that the coercion
of a sovereign State is war. War, if attempted,
will" result m permanent dissolution; it cannot
and will not result otherwise. War commenced
and prosecuted against one State would very soon
involve every State in the Union in civil war.
States united by similarity of institutions would
soon unite to repel aggression.
I believe that South Carolina has acted hastily,
imprudently, and unwisely. It would have been
much better for her to have had a conference with
her sister States of' the South, and let them have
made a united demand upon the North for consti-
tutional guarantees; anu in the event they were
refused, let all the southern States have linked
their shields together, and made common cause.
That, in my judgment, would have been, much the
bettor and wiser policy. She chose, however, to
act otherwise.
I ask Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber, who so ardently demand the execution of the
laws, if many of their States are in a condition to
arraign a sister State for the non-execution of the
laws, when the fact is, that you have laws on
your statute-books nullifying constitutional laws
of Congress made to protect the property of the
people of the southern States? You who live
upon broken faith should be the last to speak of
employing force against the seceding States of
the South.
I have heard the great strength of the northern
section of this Confederacy boasted of; we have
heard of eighteen million conquering nine mil-
lion. I admit that the northern portion of this
Confederacy has had a wonderful growth; it
has had great prosperity, and in that prosperity,
I, in common, I trust, with every man in the Re-
public, rejoice. The South, too, has had an as-
tonishmg'growth and very great prosperity. The
strength, the prosperity, and the power of the two
sections furnish, to my mind, a conclusive leason
why we should have no wai. Our strength, our
wealth, our prosperity, were not caused by war;
it was the arts of peace that crowned the two
sections of this great country with such surpris-
ing prosperity. Both sections have made unpar-
alleled advancement in wealth, population, and
in all the arts of peace that constitute a nation's
greatness. In 1790 the population of the two sec-
tions was about equal. Our people then numbered
a little less than four million. The population of
each section was about one million nine hundred !
thousand. By the census just now being com- j
pleted, I suppose the South will have twelve and i
theNorth mneteenmillion people. Senators, it is j
impossible that either section could overrun or
conquer the other. If you resort to coercion and |
War, what will be tin; result? You would have a i
long, exhausting civil war, and after it you would
settle all your difficulties by negotiation. If we
have to separate, in God's name let us part in
peace. I trust, however, that all our difficulties
may be properly and honorably adjusted, and that
this Union may last for hundreds of years to come.
The State I have the honor in part to represent,
has ever been true and loyal to the Constitution
andthe Union. Her people, of all political parties,
most heartily desire that the constitutional Union
of our fathers may bo preserved. She justly ap-
preciates the value of the Union and the bless-
ings it has conferred. She has, in the councils of
the common country, and on the battle-field, ex-
hibited her devotion to the whole country. She
claims that the Constitution shall be executed in
the spirit in which our fathers gave it to us. She
demands her equality of rights under the Consti-
tution ; her equality of eights in the common ter-
ritories; and that Federal laws made for the pro-
tection of the property of her citizens shall be
faithfully executed. She asks nothing that is not
right; she will submit to nothing that is wrong.
She desires a fair, honorable, and just settlement
pf the vexed questions that so fearfully agitate
the country, by full and explicit constitutional
guarantees—guarantees that will settle perma-
nently and forever the questions in dispute, and
thus secure and transmit the blessings of constitu-
tional liberty,andtlieGoverninentgivcn usbyour
illustrious ancestors, to generations yet unborn.
Senators, the propositions presented by my
colleague, with the amendments I have proposed,
which meet his approval, should, in my judgment,
be satisfactory to the people of both sections of
this Union. I believe they are equitable and just
to every section of the country; and had they
been promptly conceded by the North, I have no
dBubt that they would have arrested the cur-
rent of events, and saved the Union from dissolu-
tion, and restored peace, harmony, and prosper-
ity to the couutry. I hope they may be adopted,
and reunite a divided people. By their adoption
the North loses nothing, the South gains security,
and that protection which it is the duty of a com-
mon Government to extend to person and prop-
erty. My colleague spoke most truly when he
said to Republican Senators that their yielding to
the South these constitutional guarantees would
be the cheapest price ever paid for so great a
blessing as this constitutional Union. I feel con-
fident that Kentucky would be satisfied with these
constitutional guarantees. I do not believe she
will or ought to be satisfied with less.
I have been often asked what Kentucky will do
in the event of a refusal on the part of the North
to yield the guarantees she asks. Allow me to
say that I am not authorized to speak for Ken-
tucky. She has convened her Legislature in ex-
traordinary session, to consider the condition of
the country. In a very short time her chosen rep-
resentatives will make known her position. I
have every confidence that she will meet thiscii-
sis, and that she will afit in the midst of the great
events by which she is surrounded, in a manner
becoming the honor and the dignity of a brave
people, and the people of a fiee sovereig-n State,
who know their rights, and, knowing, dare main-
tain them. When the position of Kentucky shall
be thus taken; when her sovereign will shall be
legitimately made known, whether it be. accord-
ing to my personal judgment or not, I, as a true
and a loyal son, will obey her high behests.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. ALBERT BUST,
01? ARKANSAS,
In-the House of Representatives,
January 24, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from the
select committee ol thirty-three—
Mr. RUST said:
Mr, Speaker: Having been a member of that
committee whose report is now before the House |
for consideration, I have sought the floor for the j
purpose of announcing to this House and to the
country—or, at least, to that portion of the coun-
try and people whom I represent here—the con-
clusions to which i have beendnven in regard to .
the designs of that party which, in a few short
weeks, will have control of all the departments of
this Government. I shall occupy but a small
portion of the time to which I am entitled; be-
cause, in the first place, several of the important
questions which are relevant to this debate have
been very fully and more ably discussed, in this
and in the other end of the Capitol, than I could
do; and, in the next place, because I shall not
continue to speak after having concluded what I
have to say.
In accepting a place upon that committee, I did
it in defiance of the advice, the opinions, the sneers,
and the criticisms of gentlemen representing the
same section and the same interests as myself. I
listened only to the dictates of duty and patriot-
ism. I found ample justification for my conduct
in the consciousness of disinterested and patriotic
motives, and did not seek for it elsewhere.
In entering upon the discharge of the duties de-
volving upon me as a member of that committee,
I discarded all personal, all party considerations.
Indeed, sir, I feel that I now have no party; and
I fear that the time is not far distant when 1 shall
not know what to claim as my country. I re-
pressed what I knew my constituents would regard
as loyal impulses; 1 curbed and subdued what I
have long known and acknowledged to be a too
impetuous temper. I was actuated by a sincere
and earnest desire to extricate the country from
the imminent and appalling dangers that are im-
pending over it, by the adoption of such meas-
ures as would give peace, safety, and confidence—
in the just and friendly intentions of the incoming
Administration—to the weaker section of the Con-
federacy without so much as wounding the most
delicate sensibilities, oroffending the pride of opin-
ion even of the stronger. I believe that every mem-
ber of the minority of that committee was inspired
by the same sentiments and the same purposes;
but I regret to say they were metby the manifest-
ation of no corresponding spirit upon the part of
the majority of the committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose briefly to review
the action of the majority of the committee; and
in so doing, while I shall speak with all respect
to the gentlemen who composed it, I shall, at the
same time, speak with all the frankness and un-
reserve which the importance of the occasion and
the great interests involved demand. After five or
six weeks of labor, what a miserable abortion it
has brought forth! Its conclusions, "lame and
impotent" as they are, can claim no paternity.
These political foundlings,so far from having been
recognized asthelcgitimate offspring of a majority
of that committee, would, I believe, be repudiated
if laid at the door of a single member of it. Prom
the first day of its sessions to the last, its pro-
ceedings were the merest sham, an insult and a
mockery to those southern fiicnds of the Union
who hoped and expected anything from its delib-
erations.
Constituted as it was, it could not well have been
otherwise. Cast your eye over the elements of
which it was composed, a id it will be obvious
that none but the most sanguine and credulous
minds could have hoped for any successful solu-
tion of the questions committed to its charge.
From the southern States of the Union the most
temperate, the most moderate, the most conserv-
ative, the most forbearing gentlemen were ap-
pointed on that committee. From the State of
Aikansas, myself, sir, who am stigmatized at
home as a ££ submissionist." From other south-
ern States were appointed gentlemen quite as ob-
noxious to that charge as I am, and still others
who are suspected and accused and denounced
for entertaining Abolition and Republican sym-
pathies and proclivities by their own constituents.
From the great North, the Representatives of that
party the success of which in the last canvass has
given rise to all these discussions and all these
troubles, were stern, unbending,uncompromising;
while, sir*, from that great party of the free States,
bravely, heroically conservative; composed of true
and loyal men; men who are loyal to their States,
loyal to their people, loyal to all of their constitu-
tional obligations and duties, as they are to the
Federal Government; and above all, loyal to those
great principles of equality and fraternity upon
which that Federal Government was based; men
to whom, above all others, the country looks for
