680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
States make the amende honorable, as Rhode Island
lias done; then let us tender some fair and hon-
orable mode of adjustment of the whole contro-
versy; and, if all overtures shall be rejected, then
new questions will arise and new responsibilities
intervene. I do not, however, fear such a result,
and will not discuss so remote a contingency.
" Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
If, nevertheless, sir, after all peaceful means
shall be exhausted, we find that a final and inex-
orable separation must take place, I cannot, in
any view of the case which 1 have been able to
take, see what good can result from a resort to
arms. War, as between the different sections or
the different States, would be, ipso facto, dissolu-
tion. States at war are, necessarily, foreign to
each other. While I would cling to the Union so
long as there is a fragment of it left worth pre-
serving, yet, if we must part, in the name of hu-
manity let us do so like Christidn and reasonable
men. Let us say to those who will not remain
with us, as Abraham said to Lot:
"Let there bo 110 strife, T pray thro, between mo and
theo, and between my herdmoa and tliy iierdmen, for we
be brethren.
" Is not llie whole land before thuo? Separate thyself,
I pray thee, from nie : if thou wiit take the iett hand, then
I will go to the ri"ht; or if thou depait to the light hand,
then I will go to the left."
Sir, the theme is too mournful a one, and I will
not dwell upon it.
May He who controls the destiny of nations
rule all things for the best.
Mr. EDGERTON then addressed the House
for an hour on the state of the Union. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HAMILTON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, who moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion wns agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten o'clock,p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 1, 1801.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guiu.ey.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEMORIAL, ETC.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented the memorial of
Pettibone & Boteler, praying to be allowed the
usual prices for binding the extra Senate docu-
ments of the Thirty-Fifth Congress; wl)ich was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GREEN presented the proceedings of a
meeting of surviving soldiers of the war of 1812,
held at Weston, Missouri, on the 8th of January,
1861, accompanied by a petition of residents of
Platte county, Missouri, praying that pensions
may be granted to the survivors of that war, and
to the widows of those who have died; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
554) for the construction of seven screw sloops-
of-war of the second class; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affaiis.
RESOLUTIONS OF NT5W JERSEY.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present the joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of New Jer-
sey "in relation to the union of the States."
They are under the seal of the State, and I ask
that they be read.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as follows:
Joint Resolutions on the state of the Union, passed by the
Legislature of Nuiv Jersey.
Whereas the, people of New Jersey, conforming to the
opinion of" the Fathci oHus Country,consider the unity
of the Government, which constitutes the people of the
United States one people, a mam pillar in the edifice of
their independence,tliebupportoftUeir tranquillity at home
and peace abroad, of their piospeiuy, and of that liberty
which they so highly pnxe; ami propetly estimating the
immense value of their national Union to then- individual
happiness, they cherish a cordial, habitual, and immova-
ble attachment to it as the palladium ot their political
safety and piopperity : Therefore,
1. Be it resolved by the Senate and General Assembly of
the State of New Jersey, That it is the duty of every good
citizen, iTi'all suitable and pioper ways, to .stand byand'sus-
tain the Union of the States as tiansmitted to us by our
fathers.
2. And be it resolved, That the Government of the United
States is a National Government, and the Union it was
designed to perfect is not a mere compact or league; and
that the Constitution was adopted in a spirit of mutual
com piomIse and conccssion by the people of the United
State®, and can only be preserved by the constant recogni-
tion of that spirit.
3. And be it resolved. That however undoubted may be
the right of the General Government to maintain its au-
thority and enforce its laws over all pans of the country,
it is equally certain that foibeaiance and comptomtH* are
indispensable at tins ensis to the petpetmty oi the Union ;
and that it is the dictate of leason, wisdom, and patriotism,
peacefully to adjust whatever deferences exist between the
different sections of our country.
4. And be it resohed, That the resolutions and proposi-
tions submitted to the Senate of the United States'by Hon.
John J. Crittenden, of Kentucky, lor the comptomise of
the questions in dispute between the people of the northern
and of the southern States, or any other constitutional
method of settling the slave question peimanently, will be
acceptable to the people of the State of New Jersey, and
the Senatois and liepiesentatives m Confess from New
Jersey ho lequested, and earnestly uiged, to support these
resolutions and propositions.
5. And be it resolved, That as the Union of these States'
is in imminent danger unless the remedies before suggested
be speedily adopted, then, as a last lesort, the State of New
Jersey heieby makes application, acceding to the teims oi
the Constitution, of the Congress ot the United State-*, to
call a convention (of the States) to propose amendments
to said Constitution.
6. And be it resolved, That such of the States as have in
force laws which interfere with the constitutional rights of
citizens of the other States either in regard to their poisons
or property, or which militate against the just construction
of that pait of the Constitution that provides that the " cit-
izens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States,5, are earnestly
urged and requested, for the sake of peace and the Union,
to icpeal all such laws.
7. And be it resolved, That his Excellency, Charles S.
Olden, Peter D. Vrooin, Roheit F. Stockton, Benjamin
Williamson, Joseph P. Randolph, FiedciickT. Fieling
huy^en, Rodman M Price, Thomas J. Stryker, and William
0. Alexander, be appointed commissioners to confer with
Congress, and our sister States, and urge upon them the im-
portance of carrying into effect the piinciples and objects
ot the foregoing ies>oIuuons.
8. And be ft resolved, That the commissioners above
named, in addition to their other powcis, be authorized to
meet with those now or hereafter to be appointed by our
sister State of Viigmia, and such commissioners ot other
States as have beenoi may hereafter be appointed, to meet
ar Washington on the 'Jth day of February next.
9. And be it resolved* That copies of the foieeoing reso-
lutions be sent to the 1'iesideiu of the Senate ami Speaker
of the House ot Representatives of the United Statis, and
to the Senatoi-j and Rcpiefentiitivos in Congress fiom New
Jeisey, and to the Goveuiois of the scveial States.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. TEN" EYCK. Mr. President 
Mr. PEARCF. I ask the Senator from New
Jersey to give way tor one moment to enable me
to submit a motion making an appropriation hill
tlio order of the day for to-day, at two o'clock.
Mr. TEN EYCK. if I do not lose the floor
by that, I will consent.
Several Senators. Certainly not.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 move, now, that the Indian
appropriation bill be taken up and made the spe-
cial order of the day, for ttiis day at two o'clock.
Mr. GREEN, I move to amend that by say-
ing,<{ one o'clock to-morrow." We ought to have
one day for private bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the condition of the question. The Senator
from Maryland moves that the Indian appropri-
ation bill bo taken up and made the special order
for two o'clock to-day. The Senator from Mis-
souri moves to amend by making it the spccial
order for one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BRAGG. 1 thought that, in accordance
with the motion I made last week, Friday of cach
week had been set aside for the consideration of
private bills. I may be under a mistake about it.
Perhaps it applied only to last Friday; but I
thought it applied to every Friday, in accordance
with the usage of the Senate heretofore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary, that that resolution
applied only to last Friday.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope it will be made to apply
to this and all other Fridays, during the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That must be the
subject of a motion.
3VIr. BRAGG. Wo have had but part of one
day during the session devoted to private bills,
and that was only a portion of last Friday. Un-
less some time is devoted to private bills, a great
many of the claimants now before Congress will
have no possible chance to get their claims al-
lowed; and many of them are undoubtedly just,
and ought to pass. In this stage, I do not know
that any motion is proper; I merely bring the
matter to the attention of the Senate. I think we
ought to devote to-day, after the speech of my
friend from California, to the consideration of
private bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest Monday
instead of to-morrow.
The question being put on the amendment of
Mr. Green, there were—ayes twelve.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the ques-
tion is understood on "this side of the Senate. I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Finance asks that the Indian appropriation bill
be made the order of the day for to-day at two
o'clock. The Senator from Missouri moves to
amend, and postpone the appropriation bill until
to-morrow, at one o'clock. We are now voting
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri to postpone the bill until to-morrow, at
one o'clock, instead of taking it up to-day, at two
o'clock,as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
will the Senate take up the Indian appropriation
bill,and make it the special order for to-morrow,
atone o'clock, that being the amendment offered
by the Senator from Missouri to the motion of
the Senator from Maryland. On this question,
the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
divide the Senate again.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 12, noes 19; no quorum voting,
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas, 7, nays 34; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Chngman, Green, Latham, Nich-
olson, Polk, and Powell—7.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Bayard, Bigler, Bingham,
Bnglu, Chandler, Claik, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon-
Dougld*, Duikce, Fei-senden, Foot, Foster, Grime.--', Gwm,
Hale, llailan, Hemphill, Hunter, Lane, Mouill. Peaice,
Rice, Saulsbury, Seward, Simmon*, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Tiumbull, V^ade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—34.
So tha^amendment was rejected; and the ques-
tion rofurring on the motion of Mr. Pearce, it
was g^reed to.
ItESOLUTIONS OP NEW JERSEY.
leveral Senators addressed the Chan*.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey is entitled to the floor, having yielded
it, by unanimous consent, for the proceedings that
have just terminated.
Mr. TEN EYCK.. I should not persist in
claiming the floor, if it were not that I have had
the honor of presenting the resolutions of a State
upon the all-absorbing matters filling the public
mind; and I therefore think it proper to make a
motion that the resolutions be printed; and upon
that motion I beg leave to submit a few remarks.
Mr. President, these resolutions from New Jer-
sey attract my prompt attention, command ray
high respcct,and claim my full consideration; but,
sir, they arc not to stop my voice, control my ac-
tion, or manacle my limbs.
Did 1 occupy a seat here simply as an agent
appointed to perform specificduties, oras an em-
bassador from a distinct sovereign State, (as is
claimed by some to be our true position here,)
I should be bound to act in strict accordance with
these instructions; for such I do regard them, in
effect; but a Senator, in Congress.from a State, is
a Senator o/the United States. The Constitution
makes him so, expressly, and though called upon
to advance the interests of the State from which
he comes, he is bound to gum d the general weal
of all the States; the general welfare oi'the Union,
of the Union, in all us several parts; in its frozen
Noith;its ardent South; on the Atlantic coast; on
the Pacific slope; and in the throbbing heart and
center of it all.
1 regard the Constitution of the United States
as the supreme law of the land, and do not hesi-
tate to say that when, in my opinion, the action
of my State comes m conflict with its provisions,
although I dearly love her, glory m her fame, and
reverence her voice, I still shall yield obedience
to that superior law. I hold the Constitution of
the Union to be a fundamental frame of govern-
ernment for all the people, of all the States, bind-
ing upon each—on cach one, individually; su-
preme within the scope of its authority, and not
