1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
91
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Rust.
Ho. op Reps.
a safe deliverance in this the hour of its trials and
danger—you will not find a single representative.
Such, sir, was the personnel of that committee.
I do not moan, Mr. Speaker, to impute any
blame to you in forming it. In performing this,
as other official duties, I believe your motives
have been conscientious and patriotic; but I will
say that, from the material at your disposal, it
was impossible to have constructed one which
would have justified less hope of a beneficent re-
sult. On the one hand weie experienced,able, and
zealous representatives of the Republican party,
unyielding, uncompromising, defiant, and men-
acing. On the other hand were southern gentle-
men quite, I am willing to admit, as patriotic as
I claim to be, whose conduct justified the infer-
ence that if, unfortunately, no terms of adjust-
ment could be adopted, and the advocates of the
policy of coercion shall attempt, when they get
control of the powers of the Federal Government,
to execute their threats, they will find, sir, a divi-
ded South; a people who, whatever differences
may exist among them now, will not be united,
like a band of brothers, to defend their coun-
try, whether right or wrong, in the quarrel in
whfch she may be involved, to the last extremity,
against any assault, any aggression, any hostile
invasion by the Federal Government or from any
other quarter, upon what pretext soever it may
be made.
I, sir, do not believe in the legal, constitutional
right of secession. But that is one of the ques-
tions, referred to in the outset of myremaiks,
which I did not propose to discuss. When six of
the sovereign States of this Confederacy have
withdrawn their allegiance from the Federal Gov-
ernment, renounced its protection and defied its
power, it is unstatesmaniike, it is idle, it is fool-
ish; more than all this, sir, it is criminal, to waste
time in discussing their right to do so. They have
done so in the exercise of a right inherent in every
freeman—the right to resist injustice; to avenge
and retaliate wrong; torupelaggression; the right,
above and superior to all other rights, of self-
defense and self-preservation.
If the men who will in a little while hold, for
good or for evil, the destinies of this great coun-
tryin their hands, shall, by attempting to execute
the laws of the United States m any one of the
seceding States, plunge the country into all the
horrors of civil war, under the mistaken belief that
they will find more than one will, sentiment, and
purpose in all the southern States opposed to them,
before God and my country I believe that all the
blood that shall be shed will be upon the heads
of those gentleman from the South, in Congress
and out of Congress, who have betiayed them
into that, error.
The interests of the Union, of peace, of human-
ity, of the material progress and happiness of the
civilized world, forbid that any southern State or
southern citizen should in tins most important
crisis of our country's histoi y occupy an equivo-
cal position. In the name of the great interests,
and the thirty million people, of whom we cue the
Representatives, I entreat all the southern States
and the southern people to unite in demanding
that only of the party in power which it would be
honorable and graceful and patriotic in them to
concede—e!Tective,undebatable,irrepealabieguar-
antecs of our existing constitutional rights, and
immunity for the future against that mischievous
and insane agitation of the slavery question, which
has been, and will always be, destructive alike of
the fraternal and kindly relations which once hap-
pily did, and should now and hereafter, exist be-
tween difierentsections i f the same political com-
munity, and of the peace, welfare, and prosperity
of every portion of this Confederacy. !|
Those gentlemen from Virginia and Tennessee \\
who have within the last few days made speeches ij
which have been sptead broadcast over the north- !'
em States, by the most radical members of the
Republican party, as evidence of the public sen- ;
timent among the southern people, to be urged as I.
argument in justification of the uncompromising j'
attitude in this House of those enemies of the
people and domestic institutions of the South, 1
have assumed a fearful responsibility. jj
I know, sir, that the State which I represent in i!
part upon this floor, has been, and now is, as !j
conservative and loyal to the Union, as any one jj
New Seiues—No. 7.
of the thirty-three which compose it. Her peo-
ple, like myself, have been reluctant to believe
that the crusade which has been waged in the
North,againstan institution which no man doubts
or denies her right to maintain, was anything
more than a means used by demagogues to get
into power.
But, sir, when the most sagacious and prudent
leaders of the party whose triumph in the recent
canvass so excited and alarmed the southern peo-
ple, refuse the slightest concessions to compose
this excitement and avert the direful calamities
which arc its threatened consequences, Arkansas
no longer trusts to the justice or forbearance of
that party, but turns to her own strong arm for
security. She looked hopefully to this Congress
for some assurance from the party who could
give it, that the powers of this Government were
not soon to be perverted to the overthrow and
destruction of any one of the great interests which
it was established to protect. She has received
none, and despairs of receiving any; and her peo-
ple are as unanimous now, in the absence of guar-
anties from a hostile northern majority to respcct
and protect her rights, in their determination to
withdraw from the Union as they were only a
few months ago to adhere to and maintain it.
Having become convinced of the determined pur-
poses of the Republican party—that is, if its rep-
resentatives upon the committee of thirty-three
and upon this floor are the representatives of the
prevailing sentiment among the northern people
—I hope they are not—they are animated by but
one sentiment of hostility to the Government to
be administered by that party, and one determin-
ation to unite with their southern brethren in
resisting it.
As an evidence of what the sentiment with ref-
erence to the Union has been in Arkansas, and
the revolution that has taken place there within
a few weeks past, I will 1 ead a few extracts from
a letter 1 have just received from a member of the
Legislature of that State; a gentleman of fortune,
of intelligence, of ohaiacter, of consei vative tem-
per and principles; a man who, when I saw lum
in November last, was as good a Union man as
any upon this floor; who advocated, with much
zeal and great ability in the last presidential can-
vass, the claims of Judge Douglas to the Presi-
dency, and the great priaciples of popular sov-
ereignty, upon which the canvass was made.
That gentleman writes me thus:
" Little Rock, January 10, 1861.
* * * * " The mo->t conservatn e have now
abandoned all hopes of a pie.-eivatinn of the Union ; yet
we aie willing to make a l.i^t and earnest appeal for now
ami effectual guaiantce* o{ our constitutional rights You
would be astonished, however, to loam what a reaction
ha< occuned m the Legislature on this question binecjou
left Us.1' a a few weeks sinee.it
wa-< • Union " or disunion ; now it i-', What sou of disunion ?
Whether bv c-paiate Sfaf scc^nm or co> peiation ? You
need not doubt that Aikansas ptelen the latter mode, and
much deploiea the neee-Mty which drives hoi to either."
There, sir, is a fair representation of the at pics-
ent prevailing sentiment jn Arkansas. She does
much deplore, as I deplore, the necessity which
drives hei to any mode of disunion. But when
that necessity is forced upon her, as she has been
tardy and deliberate m coming to a conclusion,
she will hesitate the less with regard to the course
she ought to pursue, and be more reckless of the
consequences to which it may lead. No, gentle-
men ! look for no divided counsels or lukewarm
allegiance among the people of Arkansas to their
own State government, when driven to the sad
alternative of electing between dishonoring and
ignominious submission to a relentless northern
despotism, foiced upon them by an exclusive
northern vote, and resistance to that despotism
even to self-immolation.
Now, sir, to return to the point to which I in-
tended particularly to address myself. I have
stated, or have intended to state, that every appeal
made to the majority of that committee by south-
ern members of it for the adoption of such meas-
ures—asking nothing which would involve a
sacrifice of a single rii^ht or interest of their con-
stituents—as would allay the agitation and excite-
ment which pervades the country, and i ustore that
tranquillity and prosperity of which it has been
so destructive, was met with a cold and stern
refusal to concede anything or adopt tuiy measure ;
involving the slightest infraction of the creed of i
their party. I stated upon the committee—and
it may not be improper to repeat it here—that the
majority of the committee seemed more solicitous
to provide for future party triumphs than to pre-
serve the present peace of the country.
Though we were in the midst of revolution,
though armed hosts were gathering in botli sec-
tions of the Union, and we expecting every mo-
ment to hear the clash of arms, the battle strife,
the din and cry of war; though we were expecting
every moment to have borne to us upon the light-
ning's wings the moan of a dying fellow-citizen—
no matter whether from the North or South, still
yetafellow-citizen, slain by his brother's hand—
that majority, with a fidelity which would have
done honor to it in a better, a less unholy cause,
adhered to the " Chicago platform."
The only inquiry, when a proposition was made
for peace, for conciliation, to arrest this unnatu-
ral and mutually destructive'strife, was, is it con-
sistent with the Chicago platform? Consistency,
consistency with the Chicago platform, was the
" priceless jewel" which that party seemed will-
ing to preserve at the cost of a ruined Govern-
ment and a ruined people, of a civil war, dragging
after it in its train such sufferings and sacrifices
astheworld'shistory furnishesnoparallel to; and
for what? An opinion, which, if their leaders are
honesty they admit, as I shall directly show, is a
mere abstraction, and is of no practical import-
ance.
I want to impress upon this House and the
country that the Republican party, as represented
upon the committee of thirty-three, was unwilling
to abate one hair's breadth, one jot or tittle of the
Chicago platform to preserve the Union, or to
avert from the country all the horrors of a fratri-
cidal war..
I appeal to the gentlemen of the committee who
are now present, to say if one of them voted for a
single proposition wluch he believed to infract in
the slightest degree the Chicago platform. No,
sir; the Constitution of the Union, the prosperity
and welfare of the Union, the lives of thousands
of the people, and the Union itself, they seemed
willing to sacrifice to this idol of their worship',
the Chicago platform.
I appeal to them to know if a member of their
party proposed or voted for, or would have voted
for, any other measure of accommodation incom:
patible with the creed of their party, whose in-
terests and whose continued success they seemed
to hold as paramount to every other object.
I appeal to them to know if they did not threaten
coercion, foice, war itself, if the South would not
acquiesce in such measures of adjustment as were
in harmony with the Chicago platform. "Ah,"
said a New England member, "you may talk about
compromise, but when you speak of revolution,
there is but one way to treat it; that is with the
i sword." Such, sir, was the spirit manifested by
! the majority of that committee. We ask for a
j compromise and an adjustmentof our difficulties,
i fair and honorable to ail parties, or a peaceful
| separation and equitable division of our common
pioperty. They offer to us war. We ask for
the olive branch, and they tender the sword. If
these men truly represent the northern people,
there is but one course which honor and ordi-
nary pride and self-respect leave the South to
pursue.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, in his sepa-
rate report, uses this language:
" He endeavored to act ni good faith, and with a view
to the restoration of the kindly relations between the op-
posite sections of the country, which seem to be so ludeJy
threatened. That this spirit has been fairly reciprocated
by a portion of the Representatives of the aggrieved States,
he takes great pleasure to acknowledge. Had that portion
constituted only a bare majority of the whole number, he
would s-till have pledged all the limited aid in his power to
unite with them; but the fact is wholly othenvi<e. Whilst
three States have lefused to be represented at all. teveu
more, thus making ten out of fifteen, have decided 101 eject
j the conclusions arnved at by the committee.1'
| Sir, much as I might desire the approbation and
I commendation of the gentleman fiom Massachu-
j setts and his colleagues on the committee, the
j betrayal of the rights, interests, and honor of my
; constituents and scction is a piice which I cannot
i pay for them.
i The gentleman from Massachusetts offered noth -
j ing,voted for nothing, declared he would vote for
i nothing which came in conflict with the theories of
