1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBll
99
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Rust.
Ho. of Reps.
in its expiring agonies. The inhabitants of the
Mississippi valley are one and indivisible. Uni-
ted with the Gulf and Atlantic States, they would
form an empire in which there need be no jarring
or antagonistic interests, with elements of wealth
and strength and progress which in a little time
would make them the foremost nation upon the
earth.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwint,] who
submitted the majority report of the committee,
is not, I believe, in his seat; but I must be per-
mitted to say that a more disingenuous produc-
tion never emanated from the pen of a political
partisan. I will review but a small portion of it.
The excuse which he made in that report, to the
House and to the country, for not acceding to the
proposition to divide the territory belonging to
the United States between the two sections, upon
the line of 360 30', was that it was incumbered
with a provision to apply it to all territory here-
after to be acquired. If gentlemen will take the
trouble to read the journal of the proceedings of
the committee, they will discover that that gen-
tleman and his colleagues, after having voted for
and.adoptcd an amendment to the resolution pro-
posed by himself, confining its operation to the
Territories now belonging to the United States,
and having thus removed the objection toitutgod
in his report, voted it down after it was so amended.
He argued, and may have argued well, that it
was unwise and inexpedient to anticipate the ac-
quisition, by the Government, of new territories
when those now belonging to it were the source
of such angry and dangerous controversies. But
1 submit if it was fair to assign as a reason for
rejecting a proposition insisted upon by the mi-
nority, an objectionable fealute which, upon his
own motion, and by the votes ofhis own colleagues,
had been stricken out of it. The minority of the
committee insisted upon a proposition similar to
that introduced into the Senate by the venerable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittekden,] with
reference to slavery in the District of Columbia,
docks, arsenals, and navy-yards, and all places
under the exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States. The majority voted a resolution declar-
ing that as there was no purpose anywhere to
interfere with sluveiy in those places, it was not
expedient to act upon the proposition, and conse-
quently voted it down. The reported proceedings
of a Republican caucus furnishes, perhaps, a more
satisfactory explanation. It was determined, in
that caucus that, while it was not now the pur-
pose of the Republican party to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia, it might not always be
so; and hence they would not so amend the Con-
stitution as to deprive them of the power when it
might be their pleasure to do it.
Now, sir, within my experience, petitions have
been presented at that bar praying for the aboli-
tion of slavery in all places under the exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States. We of the
South believe that the leaders of the Republican
party arc pledged to abolish slavery wherever it
exists, if they can constitutionally do it. But
whether there was just cause for apprehension or
not, gentlemen of the majority of the committee,
and among them one to whom I shall not refer
again, voted for a resolution which I introduced
on the first day 1 attended the sittings of the com-
mittee, declaring that "discontent and hostility
to the Federal Government existed among the
southern people,55 and, whether with or without
cause, it was the duty of tho committee to report
such just and reasonable measures of conciliation
as would allay them. It seems to rac that it was
bad faith on the part of any member of the com-
mittee who voted for my resolution to vote against
the proposition to amend the Constitution so as
to deprive Congress of the power to abolish sla-
very m the District of Columbia. Nevertheless,
I believe that all, or nearly all, of the Republican
members of the committee so voted.
In refusing, at a time like this, as a peace-offer-
ing to the South, to relinquish the power,it would
hardly be denied by them, I presume, that they
contemplate, at some future time, its exercise. 1
would not accept their denial. 1 believe it is their
purpose to abolish slavery, not only where they
nave the constitutional power to do it, but whero
ever if exists in the United States. Until the pres-
ent session of Congress, dminir wIikIi mv n^noi -
tunities for judging of their designs have been
more favorable than ever before, i have not be-
lieved that they entertained any designs upon sla-
very in the States where it exists. But, upon
observing their beaiing through this whole con-
test, their wanton endeavors to irritate and ex-
asperate the South by the needless passage of res-
olutions which could have no other effect, and
by other means; their refusal to make any con-
cession; their refusal to sacrifice a mere abstract
opinion, or even a trifling party advantage, for
the sake of a peaceful solution of the existing sec-
tional troubles,—it has become my deliberate con-
victioni, that it is the settled purpose of the Repub-
lican party, if they are permitted to continue in
power, to abolish slavery, with or without con-
stitutional right, wherever the jurisdiction of the
Government which they may administer is recog-
nized and submitted to.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
with whom I agree in most things, said that he
feared not the Republican party. Sir, I haveseen
brave men, and read of brave men, but if, under
existing circumstances, the gentleman fears noth-
ing, he is the bravest man I have seen or read of
in the whole course of my life. He says that Vir-
ginia will not submit to Lincoln, but that Lincoln
will submit to Virginia. Really, it is my misfor-
tune not to understand the meaning of the gentle-
man. I cannot understand the reasoning by which
he arrives at the conclusion that Lincoln will ad-
ministerthe Governmentinsubmissionto theState
of Virginia. Did Virginia vote for Lincoln ? Was
it by the voice of Virginia thatLmcoln was elected
President of the United States? The gentleman
says that Lincoln will discharge the functions im-
posed upon him by the State of Virginia, and by
the Constitution of the United States, which Vn-
ginia had a largo part in framing. 1 believe that
Mr. Lincoln repudiates that Constitution; and I
will show it from his own written declaration—
made with deliberation, I presume; because 1 find
it m a letter which, from the occasion which called
it forth, was, no doubt, written with care and de-
liberation. He said, only one year before he was
elected:
"The Democracy of to-day hold the liberty of one man
to bo absolutely nothing, when m conflict with another
man's right of propeity. Republicans, on the contiarv, are
tor both the man and the dollar, but in case of conflict the
man beture tiie dollar."
Now, sir, how do you translate orinterpretth&t
expression of Mr. Lincoln? He says the Repub-
licans are for both the man and the dollar; butin
case of conflict, the man before the dollar. If the
right of property of a southern citizen m his
slaves conies in conflict with thoughts of person,
recogmzcd as belonging to the slave himself by
Air. Lincoln, the rights of the southern citizen
are to go down. Is not that a fair interpretation
of what Mr. Lincoln said? What did he mean,
if he did not mean that when my rights, as the
owner of my slave in a free State, or even in a
slave State, come in conflict with trie rights of
the person claimed as a slave, my rights must be
subjected to the rights of poison of my slave?
Again he says:
"This is a woiId of ooinppillations; and he who would
bo no Have mu<-t e-uwut lo have no >!,ivo. Those who
dfiiy fi/'edom to otlu'i^ dtwrve )t not for themselves ; and
under a ju>t God, eaimot long ieUm it.'5
Those arc the sentiments of the President elect
of the Republican party, of whose administration
my friend fiom Vngima is not afraid. Does he
believe that the Constitution will impose any re-
straint upon a man who uttered such sentiments
as these onlya little more than a year ago? Has
not Lincoln pledged himself to the doctrine that
rights of pei son are higher than rights of property''
Has he not said in express terms, that where the
two come m conflict, n hts of property must be
yielded, and rights of petson maintained? If he
is an honest man, ho will carry his theory into
practice. 1 should have less respect for him if I
believed that he would not carry that theory into
practice, than I have for him now; believing, as
I do, that he will. In the one case, I could regard
him as a crazy, but honest fanatic; in the other,
as nothing more than a reckless and unprincipled
demagogue. And yet the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not afraid ! He thinks it is only cowards
who. under s>i'"h '"n '*umMa. ru e afi .nd to allow
the Government of the United States to pass into
the hands of such a President!
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Arkan-
sas seems wholly to have misapprehended every-
thing that I did say . I said that I told the mem-
bers of the Republican party, more than a year
ago, that I did not fear them,because they rtever
had had a majority here since I had been a mem-
ber of Congress; and I did not believe they ever
would have a majority, if southern men chose to
remain in their seats. Will the gentleman from
Arkansas tell me wh.at Ije can fear from a minor-
ity ?
Mr. RUST. We are in a minority to-day. We
were in a minority when the gentleman addressed
the House. We were reduced so low, and were
so helpless, so feeble, so powerless, upon this side
of the House only a few days ago, that upon a
test question we could not call the yeas and nays;
and yet the gentleman from Virginia says that
the Republicans are notyet in a majority, and that
he believes they never will be!
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman again mis-
understands what I did say. I stated what I had
said more than a year ago. I said afterwards, that
in consequence of our being in a minority from
the secession of the southern States, it became
neccssary that guarantees, such as the gentleman
requires, should be given.
Mr. RUST. I am glad I misunderstood the
gentleman. He knows I have not read his speech,
for I told him so this morning; and the notes I
took of it were taken amidst a great deal of noise
and confusion, and my hearing is very indistinct;
I hear but little of what transpires around me. 1
hope if I have misconceived him, he will accept
this as an explanation.
But, sir, I do think that even before the seces-
sion of the southern States, the Republicans had
a majority in this House. They organized this
House. They elected the Speaker and all the
officers connected with it, and it is impossible for
one to understand how a minority could accom-
plish so much. It is true they were not all from
the South, but none the less Republicans on that
account. When this Congress assembled a year
ago, no one thought of secession, except in the
event which has since occurred; but even then
they had a majority. In 3841, the Republican
party numbered only two members upon this
floor. In 1847, as JVIr. Giddings says, he was
one of six. In 1856, Mr. Giddings, with his own
hand, drew up that portion of the Philadelphia
platform in reference to slavery when they polled
a plurality of the votes for President, and nearly
elected their candidate; and, m 1860, they have
nominated and elected the President and Vice
President upon the same platform, so far as it re-
lates to slavery, that Giddings drafted in 1856 at
Philadelphia, and have the control of this House
and the other branch of Congress and every de-
partment of the Government.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman let me
interrupt him again?
Mr. RUST. I prefer not to be interrupted. I
have already spoken longer than I intended, and
have said almost nothing that I intended to say.
Now, sir, look at the rapid strides which thatpaity
has made in the last few years, and at the results
which they have already accomplished. What is
the feeling of that party now? In the committee of
thirty-three, three of its eighteen members, under
existing circumstances, in a crisis which threatens
j the existence of everything dear to the American
1 citizen, refused to vote away the power to interfere
with slavery in the States where it exists—three
of the Republican members of that committee, se-
lected for their supposed conservatism of senti-
ment, refused to yield the right to abrogate slavery
in the States where it now exists; and I believe
: that a majority of the members on the other side
of the House would vote to-day against a propo-
sition to give up that power. What may we not
expect m four, eight, or twelve years more, with
our past experience of the progress of that party 5
I say that under the existing Constitution the
South has no hope in* this Union without essen-
tial, material, effectual, and inepealahle guuran-
j tees of her constitutional rights; and let the con-
! sequences be what they may, if these guarantees
! are not conceded, I wain the people of Arkansas
! of the dangers that threaten them in the Union-
