684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ances, even to separation, there is still a possibil-
ity ofiheir again coming together and drowning
past differences in mutual oblivion; bat if fraternal
blood is oncc shed, no such reconciliation is pos-
sible.
" Eaith hath no rage like love to hatred turned."
Success on one side or the other will stimulate to
further action till all is lost or won in an unnatural
struggle. Appeal once made to the sword is irrev-
ocable. A substitution of brute force for reason
transforms, at oncc, a dissatisfied brother into
a relentless enemy. The American people are
neither prepared for, nor will they justify, such
issue. The recent presidential contest was fought
with nosuchaim. Thepeopleduringthatcanvass
could nofforesee the issue as now precipitated—
the first fruits of an empty victory. Pennsylva-
nia fought the battle on the tariff, not on the sla-
very question. The northwestern States could
not have realized, in rny judgment, their true
position, or their action would have been differ-
ent. Settled in great part from New England and
from Europe, their social distant from the plant-
ing States of the South made them lose sight of
the intimate connection between the prosperity of
both. Excited by a spirit of fanaticism, artfully
engendered and nourished by selfish politicians,
they looked upon the last presidential election as
a struggle for power, not only between the North
and the South, but between the great Northwest
and other geographical sections of the Union com-
bined. But whether the West was to rule by
military force, by marching squadrons and battal-
ions into the field to subdue their southern breth-
ren, was not involved in the contest.
It is my belief that the position in which the
whole country is now placed is one not foreseen
by the North previous to the last presidential elcc-
tion;and Ifeel certain that the people, so far from
piovoking the result, thought it more distant t'han
ever; that the northern mind was led into error
through not sufficiently appreciating the Federal
relations; and that, if proper time and means be ■
afforded, public opinion will right itself, and fur- •
lush, before it is too late, the most substantial I
proof of its conversion to true constitutional doc- i
trine. Democratic institutions are, from their na- j
ture,aptto lend themselves to populardelusions; ;
but they also possess the most efficient and ad- j
mirable means of quickly correcting popular error, .
of making amends for whatever wrong they may 1
have committed, and of avoiding similar mistakes
in the futuic. All that is now wanted is time for
reason to reassert its sway. The victory which
the Republican party so glories m achieving, is
itself but ft popular delusion, which will end, in
my judgment, in the party's final destruction,
never again, even by the admission of its founder
and champion on this floor, to reappear under the
same name. The fruits of that victory has turned
to ashes in their months, and the deception will
become as patent to the whole country as it is now
to all a fmeboding of terror.
And now, sir, let me say to the South that,
great as may have been their provocations, they
have us yet no right to suppose that remaining in
the. Unionnlooms them a hopeless pioy to north-
ern fanaticism. Though pluralities and majori-
ties may have gone against their wishes in nearly
all the northern States, much of that unfortunate
result is due to the divisions among their own
friends, and to the consequent distractions of the
Democratic party. Yet the Democratic vote, even
under these most disadvantageous circumstances,
has been large, showing what substantial ele-
ments are still left in the northern States to build
a great party upon; showing how few conver-
sions from sectional to national principles are re-
quired to make a constitutional party of law and
order at the North, the potent shield and protec-
tion of the South. That party will stand by them
in a peaceful solution of this whole question. It
will stand up for their just rights under the Con-
stitution in every State Legislature, in every
county, city, town, village, and hamlet through-
out the length and breadth of our land. It will
combat in their very strongholds, and, under
God's providencc, crush* the heresies and false
idols which have been set up to misguide the peo-
ple, teaching at their altars hatred and contempt
of heart, instead of fraternal love and attachment
to our institutions and laws.
It seems to me but folly in the South to con-
sider all as lost, and their condition in the Union
intolerable, while they and their friends possess
a majority in both branches of the national Le-
gislature, and while the Supreme Court of the
United States stands unimpaired, ready and pow-
erful to uphold the Constitution. Conceding that
there is cause for apprehension; allowing that
there are dangers staring us all in the facc; that
the history of the past shows a continued estrange-
ment on the part of the North, and a continued
and progressive inroad on those institutions which
the oouth deems indispensable to her prosperity
and happiness, why should she, at this critical
and unfavorable moment, separate ingloriously
from her northern friends, when, united, we could
surely overthrow and put to route the common
enemy? The stakes arc so tremendous; the mo-
ment is so pregnant with unutterable woe to the
country, find even to mankind, that we may well
be prompted to demand a respite, before we, as
well as herself, arc plunged into ruin and national
annihilation.
How can a permanent separation be justified to
the civilizcd world while there is any hope of self-
protection or safety under the Constitution ? What
will be her condition and prospects when she has
accomplished separation? I am ready to believe
she is prepared to make great sacrifices cheer-
fully; but the administration of a Government
must be based on something else than'mere self-
sacrificing patriotism. It must be conducive to the
lasting happiness and prosperity of the people. A
separate confederacy will requirea standing army.
Bordering on hostile and fanatical neighbors,for-
tifications along the frontier are imperative. All
these things will require vastoutlaysand involve
expenditures diminishing the available means and
consuming the substance of the people. The
North compelled to do the same thing, we shall
both grow poor at the same time. The vuiy pres-
ence of hostile forces will necessarily lead to col-
lisions, in which one or the other section, accord-
ing to all the chances of war, may be victorious.
Hut will such n slate of things increase the se-
curity of either' Will an enemy subdued to-day
fail to renew the combat to-morrow, until the
country shall be a vast military camp, bristling
with arms to assert a principle? The Union, first
forcibly divided into two confederacies, by the ex-
ample thus set,may be, atanydjssatisfaction,sub-
divided into many, and they, after the example
of Emope, would engage in mutual wais, con-
tending for that chimera, " the balance of power,"
so jealously sought after by the diplomatists, and
forever disturbed by every man of decided talent
who cannot but give a momentary ascendency to
the power over whose destinies he is for a time
called to preside.
Secession, as it now appears, is the foundation
for endless civil war, which will entirely change
the character of our people, transforming their
picsent peaceful pursuits and habits of industry
into lawless adventure and reckless brigandage
and barbarism. We read history in vain, and study
human nature to very little purpose, if we believe
that, with such a general demoralization of our
people, republican forms of government could be
preserved many one section of our glorious Union.
Military commanders, sustained by cumbersome
standing armies, would soon acquire the power
not only to defend the State, but to rule it; becom-
ing military dictators, they would use the power
conferred on them for its perpetuation. Repub-
lics in name only, external struggles would be
quickly followed by internal ones of rival fac-
tions and rival Caesars. Believe me, Senators,
the day we violently separate tolls the death-knell
of our liberal institutions. They may existnom-
inally for a while, but their spirit is fled; our
people will have lost all vital strength or moral
courage to cherish or uphold them. The body
may retain its warmth for an hour, but the rigid
and expressionless features tell the sad tale too
surely.
And what would be the financial condition of
our country, North and South, m case of violent
separation ? The expenses of Government would
be doubled, and asdivisions ensue, tripled quad-
rupled. Each State, confederacy, or confedera-
cies, would have its officials, its foreign and do-
mestic relations; and m addition to these, relations
among themselves, not always of the most ami-
cable and satisfactory nature. The North would
have its line of custom-houses along; the southern
frontier, while the South, acknowledging free-trade
with all the world, would resort for revenue to
direct taxation, with a retinue of tax-collectors.
Each scction or sections, for Heaven only knows
the number, would have its supreme court,its
army and navy, its diplomaticand consular agents,
and its sepaiate treasury. All these additional
expenditures would be entailed upon the people,
already suffering a vastly diminished revenue, and
lamentable falling off in trade, navigation, and
commerce.
The southern States, which, in a financial point
of view, are now the most magnificent colony of
theNorth—consumingnorthern produce and man-
ufactures, and employing northern mechanics and
northern ships—will exchange its great staples for
the manufactures of England, France, and Ger-
many; allowing foreign merchants and foreign
navigators to earn commissions and freights; thus
helping to build up European cities, increasing
the wealth and influence of European power.
That influence of European diplomacy and in-
trigue which has been kept aloof and shut out
from us by our Federal Union, would soon make
itself felt in all our foreign and domestic relations;
until, with the mere shadow of sovereignty, di-
vided into several confederacies, we should again
be reduced to a colonial state, not with one Eu-
ropean Power alone, but half a dozen claiming
our allegiance and disputing our possession.
Even our title of "American" would disap-
pear, and we be known in England as the tribes
of Indians, only by their specific names. What
respect would the citizens of these isolated States
or small Confederacies command at European
courts? How would the diplomatic agents of our
dissevered Republics be received at the Court of
St. James, or at the Tuilleries? Representing a
small State is no disgrace; but to represent the
disjected members of a great nation, at a court
where the whole country had once commanded
not only respect, but honor and admiration, is a
position to which few persons would aspire,—to
be regarded in London and Paris but as parade
ministers or small suitors, and, at the best, but as
intriguing against a portion of his former coun-
try , numbly"begging for what a minister of the
United States would have boldly demanded, and
no Power ventured to withhold without bcingmade
aware of the consequcnces. Ministers of our dis-
severed republics would occupy no pleasant place
among even their diplomatic colleagues—some of
whom, no doubt, secretly glad to behold them
shorn of their former prestige and influence, point-
ing them out as the diminutives of former great-
ness, living assurancesof the future harmlessness
and good behavior of those same Americans whose
progress had once so alarmed Guizot with the
prospect of disturbing " the world's equilibrium5'
of power. We shall be held to a terrible account
by humanity, even for having blasted all hopes
of the success of republican institutions; and by
a monstrous national suicide, forever destroying
the popular faith in self-government. Whichever
way we turn, there is nothing but scorn and ob-
loquy for our fallen institutions; while despotism
itself would draw a long free breath from the ter-
rible and unanswerable example of our liberty.
Mr. President, this picture,so much more graph-
ically drawn by other and abler Senators, of the
forlorn condition of our country in case of vio-
lent separation and disunion, is far from being
overcharged. It is impossible to depict the ori-
ginal horrors, desolation, ruin, and political anni-
hilation which, in the end, would be the conse-
quence of so fatal a step. Clay and Webster did
not desire to lift the curtain which concealed from
their patriotic eyes the dark prospect of dissolu-
tion and disunion. They shrank from penetrating
the future to behold the calamities which lay in
that terrible vista; but thousands of hands are
now raised to lift the veil to caicli a sight of the
gloomy perspective, revealing a taste for tragedy
in the country that is destined to grow among us,
unless speedily corrected by the substitution of
something more congenial and healthy.
If we are to heal the breach which now seems*
almost inevitable and lasting between theNorth
and the South, the remedy must be applied at
once. Family quarrels must be made up quickly,
or they become chronic, and exceed in virulence
and rancor disputes among strangers. It is nat-
ural for men to hate most what they once most
loved and cherished; and their former affection
seems to give a lawful title to their hatred from
