1801.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the fact of its being wantonly provoked and re-
sentfully contrasted. Let those who think there
is no danger, that affairs will quietly settle them-
selves, take warning, lest supinene&s lead them
into fatal and irreparable error.
There are those who believe that, when a final
separation of the States shall have actually taken
place, it will be easier to treat with the fragments
of the Union, to reconstruct the Government, as it
is called, than to make concessions or compro-
mises now. I protest against so heartless and
shoi t-sighted a policy.
Sir, if we continue here our present stubborn
course, there is nothing to be hoped but final dis-
solution, civil war, the breaking up of the whole
country into petty Republics, breathing defiance
at each other, without retaining either weight or
consideration in the affairs of the world. Our
sovereign people are not prepared for this. They
neither desire, nor, if you give them an oppor-
tunity, will they permit it. A martial people
they may be; but this spirit only exists against
an enemy, not against their countrymen. We
have neither becomc so powerful nor so rich that
we can amuse ourselves by making war upon
each other. The three essential things required
for war, said a great general, are, " fust, money;
then a great deal more money; and finally, ail the
money that can possibly be raised." War once
declared and waged, all hopes of reconciliation, 1
repeat again, arc at an end; for if the South tri-
umph, it is hardly probable they will surrender
their vantage-ground by submitting again to the
will and authority of the North; and if the South
were to succumb in the combat, how would the
North enter into and enjoy the fruits of their vic-
tory? They could certainly not drag the South
back again into the national Union as free, equal,
and independent States.
What service could the Senators and members
of subjugated States be in a national Legislature
of equals? The first shot exchanged between the
people of the North and th  South itself dissolves
thcUnion. With such\iolentdisruption,all sense
of equality, duty, and loyalty, would be destroyed
forever; and m the absence of these, our republi-
can forms become sheer license, so intolerable
and so utterly unfit for the protection of life and
property, that the people would in the end fly to
monarchy as a means of salvation from endless
anarchy,lawlessness,usurpation,and chaos. The
men who connive at this result will find themselves
incapable of ruling even the section which now
suppoits them in their career of aggression and
fanaticism; and, unsuccessful in their schemes,
they will be as hopelessly abandoned by their
present followers as they are now anxious to dis-
card those who would implore them to retrace their
heedless steps to save our common country.
1 have not alluded, m what I have said, to the
position of my own State in this contest. The
people of the Pacific coast breathe hut one senti-
mentof loyalty and devotion to theUmon. They
will ratify any proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution which could restore a sense of security
to the South and peace to thecountiy. If no
such settlement can be had; if neither the leaders
of the Republican party, nor their followers m
the northern States, will give peaceful guarantees
to the southern States, then, sir, in my opinion,
a large majority of the citizens of thai coast will
say, "Let them go in peace." Civil war cannot
remedy the evil, and let any result follow sooner
than ail its horrors. While they would not allow
the dignity of the Union or its laws trampled or
spit upon by any portion of its people, yet the
appeal of ten millions of their fellow-citizens fail-
ing of regard, destroys so much of that unity as
will cause them to consent to any steps a sense
of safety may dictate, even to a final and peaceful
separation.
The history of our future career, as two Con-
federacies, the result of a final necessity to give
peacc to the people, is not, to my mind, so full of
gloomy misgivings. But a violent separation re-
quires no prophet to tell its direfu. issue to repub-
lican institutions. Peaceful separation leaves the
two sections to pursue their pathway, not so
mighty, it is true, as when united, but still pow-
etlul to command respect from the civilized world.
As Mr. Madison sfml, "They may be divided as
t<. twh other, but united as to the world." Cal-
ifornia, from her confmerce, institutions, and in-
terests, I beliovo, will remain with the free States,
[applause in the galleries,] with whom she is, in
every respect, identified. Their destiny and our
own is indissolubly united. And here let me say
to the distinguished Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] that the loyal people of that State
will (< speak for the Union, vote for the Union,
contribute their money to preservcthe Union, and,
when all other expedients fail, will fight for the
Union,"provided, the distinguished Senator will
show us how, by fighting, we can preserve the
liberty, fraternity, and equality of our southern
brethren in the Union; but, unless he can perform
this difficult task, we will never, never, sir! imbrue
our hands in the blood of our southern brethren.
[Applause in the galleries; and the Vice Presi-
dent said he would be compelled to order the gal-
leries cleared, if it was repeated.] Believing it to
be the sentiment of her people that she will cling
to any remnant of a Union, while one remains, I
shall stand to my post thus representing her, using
all the means in my power to avert the destruc-
tion of the Union while the faintest hope may be
realized; and rather than behold civil war and
violence enthroned in the land, will consent to any
just and reasonabk; proposition giving peace and
prosperity to the country.
While I have voted for the resolutions of the
venerable and experienced Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] every pulsation of
whose heart is patriotic, or will support the plans
of either of the distinguished Senators from Illi-
nois [Mr. Douglas] or Pennsylvania, ]Mr. Bic-
ler,] still, m my humble judgment, the proposi-
tion of the honorable Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Rice] is better calculated than any to give
peace to the country. It ends the struggle over
the Territories between the North and the South.
44 Popularsovereignty," " squatter sovereignty,"
" slave codcs," " slave protection,"and all other
themes of discord and misrepresentation, must
cease, when all concede to the States the untram-
meled regulation of their own internal institutions.
This obliteration of the Territories of the United
States by State organizations, bringing them im-
mediately under the clear provisions of the Con-
stitution, and the other remedies suggested or
submitted to give security to the institution of
slavery, will certainly be promptly and almost
unanimously agreed to by the people I represent,
and will, I believe, receive the approbation of a
large majority of the people both North and South.
Mr. President, our constituents waitforusand
expect us to act promptly on some proposition
enabling their voicc to decide the issue. Delay
is baneful, and conducive to the worst calamity.
We have already lost by depreciation of every
species of property some three hundred million
dollars, and shall, if the agitation continues, lose
$1,000,000,000. A non-intercourse law between
the North and the South already in fact exists,
and will soon, if things are suffered to go on, be
enacted m due form. Circulating medium will
be deranged or even disappear, and our State
treasuries will be embarrassed, and the Federal
Tieasury itself rcduccd to hopeless bankruptcy.
Thousands of laboring people have been already
thrown outof employment. Commercial failures
and manufacturingruin already stalk through the
land; our farmeis will soon be reduced to barter-
ing their produce for articles of prime necessity.
Our financial condition will suffer the reduction
of the old colonial times, and the country inun-
dated with that baseless trash—paper money.
Emigration from Europe will cease, and the capi-
talists who have invested in American securities
will thiow them on our market, still further de-
pressing the current rates. All private confidence
will be destroyed, and every species of entcrpiisc
indefinitely postponed.
How long law and order will be preserved under
such circumstances, how long property will re-
main secure, and life protected, is more than I
venture to guess; but this 1 will assert, without
fear of contradiction, that a Government which
allows all these things to take place, and which,
instead of promoting peace and harmony, leads
by its supineness, partiality, or want of power, to
the commission of every spceies of public and
private wiong; to armed inroads on one State by
citizcns of another; to bloodshed, rapine, and
civil war—-such a Government, I have no hesita-
tion in saying, is not worth preserving: and our
people will make no sacrifice to prop up and sup-
port so useless and cumbersome a fabric. Letthe
discontent, the distrust, the hostile feeling be-
tween different sections of our common country
increase; let civil war ensue, and our free institu-
tions will be scattered like the sands of the desert,
to all the adverse winds of heaven. A govern-
ment sustained only by force must, from its very
nature, be arbitrary, or must soon become a des-
potism; and, in the disorganization and general
chaos, we shall be happy if we escape foreign in-
tervention and are spared the humiliating sight of
a European soldiery perambulating in triumph
the streets of our once nroud Atlantic cities.
For what reason shall all these calamities be-
fall us? Why shall we thus, in the midst of un-
paralleled success, in the full vigor of our national
youth—for we have not yet reached even man's
estate—become possessed of such a legion of
devils, a prey to such insanity as to willfully
shatter our own household gods; to heap the ashes
of our own hearthstones on our devoted heads;
and with spiteful hands and flaming torches set
fire to and destroy that friendly and wide-spread-
ing roof that has so sheltered all true liberty's
children in the whole world—casting to utter and
eternal destruction the hopes and elevated aspira-
tions of mankind?
I implore you, Senators, as others have done
before me, by everything dear to our hearts and
sacred to our consciences, not to turn a deaf ear
to the voices of the people, calling upon us from
all sections to pause in our political career, and
to prove to the North and to the South and to the
civilized world that our hearts and our minds ex-
pand with tHe magnitude of the subject on which
we are called to deliberate; that our patriotism
can rise above party considerations; that when the
honor, dignity, and existence of our institutions
are at stake, there is no sacrifice of persona! van-
ity^or the narrow sphere of partisan politics that
we are not eager, nay, proud, to make to save the
common country.
Senators, if, from the realms on high, it was
vouchsafed by a beneficent Providence, that the
shades of our departed patriots, sages, and heroes
of the Revolution, might speak to us, for whom,
while living, they so toiled ajid labored, and
spilled freely their hearts' blood, how they would
implore us to pause and retrace our steps from
tins perilous brink of destruction and fraternal
strife; how would the voices of Washington, Ad-
ams, and Jefferson bursting the seal of death from
their still glowing lips, and his chill cerements
from their potent hands, proclaim, as they did
when living, that all t rue glory and historic renown
are based on an elevated love of country, on a
pure devotion to its lasting interests, and the
abandonment of discord and strife. They would,
they do implore, as living men may not implore,
by their sacred wounds and scars,—by that pre-
cious bond of liberty and proud title of Ameri-
can bequeathed to us to enjoy,—and other lands
to dream of as a vision of peace and glory, to be
yet faithful to our Constitution and Union,—to
that law of equal right and love, which is to na-
tions the same savmggracc it is to souls,—that
law given us, as all powerful, by God himself;
the only King they taught us, as a nation, we
might over own. [Applause m the galleries.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr, Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tim Senator from
Tennessee will pause a moment, until the Chair
states the condition of the question. The Indian
appropriation bill was made the special order for
two o'clock to-day, and the Chair calls the atten-
tion of the Senate to that bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it is the
desire of the chauman of the Committee on Fi-
nance to proceed with the consideration of that
bill, I will move that the subject now under con-
sideration be postponed to, and mad'' the special
order for, one o'clock to-morrow, at which time
I should like to address the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. I was about to remark that X
supposed,at this time of the day,it would not be
possible for us to get through that bill before the
Senate adjourns.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee I think that
we can a;et through with it.
Mr. PEARCE. The amendments of the Com-
mittee on Finance are not very important; but I
understand there are amendments from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, upon which there will
probably be much debate. 1 would prefer going
