102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
36m Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Must.
Ho. of Reps.
fathers could have foreseen what is transpiring
here to-day, they would have become parties to
this Union? No, sir. And do you suppose their
sons are so recreant and degenerate as to be forced
to remain in a Union which they loathe and despise
because of its injustice and oppression? Never,
sir. The feelings that gave birth to the American
Union, and which alone could maintain and pre-
serve it, no longer prevail among the people. As
they gradually faded away and gave place to
others of a very different character, the bonds
"which united us have gradually relaxed, until the
States have fallen asunder and the Union is no
more. The man who would attempt by force, by
the sword, to restore or reconstruct it, so far from
being- entitled to the name of statesman and Chris-
tian, would be a madman and a fiend.
I wish to say a word, Mr. Speaker,in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Guiuey,] a gen-
tleman who has assumed the mission to preach
"peace on earth and good will to man;" who pro-
fesses to conform all his actions to the peaceful and
charitable precepts inculcatcd by the Iioly Word,
and who made a speech a few days ago quite in
character with his professions. He had heard
that the State of Mississippi had erected batteries
upon the bank of that river to molest the com-
merce of his own and other northern States. He
was greatly and properly indignant. He threat-
ened terrible vengeance, direful retribution. In
the fullness of his wrath, he declared if this thing
was persisted in, (which has not been done at all,)
no " power under Heaven could restrain the peo-
ple of his State from making New Orleans a lake
in which fishes should dwell, rather than con-
tinue to be the abode of men." Yes, sir, New
Orleans, the great commercial emporium of the
Southwest, with its population, wealth, and com-
merce, was to bo made the abode of fishes, frogs,
alligators, and other reptiles. Let me remind the
gentleman of an incident in the history of New
Orleans for his warning, which he seems to have
forgotten. Forty-six years ago the British Gov-
ernment, prompted, no doubt, by the same Chris-
tian feelings which seem to animate the gentleman
from Ohio, fitted out an expedition to capture New
Orleans,and wrest it from the Government of the
United States. New Orleans was? then, compared
to what it now is, a mere village. The States of Lou-
isiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas, then and now
mostacccssible to it, were little more than unex-
plored and uninhabited wildernesses. They now
teem with abrave and warlike people. The city was
defended by a few undisciplined militia from the
southern States, commanded by a southern gen-
eral. The expedition against it was composed of
the victorious veterans of the British army,before
whom the legions of Napoleon were invariably
compelled to retreat throughout the u Peninsular
war." It was commanded by one of Welling-
ton's favorite generals. Its overthrow and dis-
comfiture by the half-armed and undisciplined
militia from Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missis-
sippi, was more sanguinary and disastrous than
any recorded in the military annals of the world.
Mr. FERRY then obtained the floor.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Arkansas requested me a few j
minutes ago to furnish him with the resolutions '
referied to in this discussion. I will now, with
the permission of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, and of the House, read those resolutions to
the House. [Cries of u Agreed !"' "Agreed!"]
Mr. H1NDMAN. I hope the gentleman will
let the Clerk read the resolutions, and then they
can be heard all over the House.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. I prefer to
read the resolutions myself:
" Resolved, That the power to mute an independent for-
eign State with the United States is not among the pow-
ers delegated to the General Government by the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
" Resolved, That the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
faithful to the compact between the people of the United
States,according to the plain meaning and intent in vvhteh
it was understood and aeeeded to bv them, is sincucly
anxious for its preservation ; and that it is determined, as
it doubts not the other States ate, to submit to undelegated
powers in no body of men on eaith; and the project of the
annexation of Texas, unless rt'si&iod on the threshold, may
tend to drive these States into a dissolution of the Union,
and will furnish new calumnies against republican Govern-
ments, by exposing the gross contradiction of a people pro-
iVsfting to be free and yet seeking to extend and perpetuate
the subjection of its slaves."
There are the resolutions, and the gentleman
can make the most of them. [Slight applause.]
Mr. RUST, lam obliged to the gentleman.
I would ask him whether he has read all the res-
olutions ?
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. I have.
Mr. RUST. Let me ask the gentleman whether
the proceedings of the Hartford convention are
not to be found in the same volume?
Mr. COX. There is another set of resolutions
from Massachusetts which have not been read.
Mr. RUST. I am content that all that has been
said by the gentleman from Massachusetts, as
well as by the gentleman from Ohio, shall go with
my speech before the country.
Mr. DUNN. I hope I will be permitted to say
a word.
Mr. FERRY. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, if it does not come out of my time.
[Cries of " Agreed!"]
Mr.DUNN. I desire tosay aword. Notknow-
ing exactly how I expressed myself when I in-
terrupted the speech of the gentleman from Ark-
ansas, I desire now to make a brief explanation.
It is my purpose always to be as near right as I
can. Whatever I may have said, I say now that
what I intended to express at the moment was,
that the declaration that the Republican party
symphnthized with John Brown and his raid into
Virginia was a libel upon the Republican party.
1 take this opportunity, because it is light that I
should, to declare that 1 did not intend to use any
language offensive to the gentleman from Arkan-
sas. I merely characterized his declaration as I
believed it deserved to be characterized, as a libel-
ous construction of the Chicago platform;a libel,
sir, upon the Republican party.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman from Indiana says
that ho did not intend to use the most offensive
remarks in an offensive sense towards me. That,
sir, is a very lame explanation. The least I have
the right to expect, or to demand of that gentle-
man, is an unqualified retraction of the remarks
he made, and which I consider offensive.
Mr. DUNN. I have made all the explanation
I feel it my duty to make.
Mr. RUST. Very good, then. I understand
you.
Mr. HINDMAN. Let me make a remark con-
nected with the issue of fact which has arisen be-
tween my colleague and the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts. In order, sir, that this con-
troversy with reference to the Massachusetts res-
olutions may be distinctly understood,! propose
to repeat the allegation made by my colleague, as
I understood it. He read, or recited, the newspa-
per report of the resolutions said to have been
adopted by the Legislature of Massachusetts m
1844, that the fact of the annexation of Texas
would be ipso facto a dissolution of the Union.
The two gentlemen from Massachusetts declare
that no such resolutions were passed.
If the gentleman from Ohio, who read the
newspaper account of this resolution, will fur-
nish it to me, 1 will read that, and show that the
resolutions which were passed by the Legislature
of Massachusetts are identical in substance with
those.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House will
come to order. There is too much noise and con-
fusion in the Hall.
Order was restored.
Mr. HINDMAN I believe order is pretty
much restoied. I am not ambitious for the un-
divided attention of the House; but I desire this
matter to go upon the record. I will now repeat
what I said before. My colleague, upon the
authority of a newspaper extract, alluded to the
fact that m 1844,1 believe it was, the Legislature
of Massachusetts adopted a resolution declaring
that the annexation of Texas was ipso facto a dis-
solution of the Union. The two gentlemen from
Massachusetts denied that such resolutions were
passed. Subsequently, after my colleague had
closed his remarks and taken his seat, the senior
member fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] read
the following as the resolutions passed by the
Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, in
support of his denial.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man will allow me to explain?
Mr. HINDMAN. Certainly.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man's colleague asked me, and the only ques-
tion he asked me in that conncction was as to
the resolutions I referred to in the conversation
which took place in the committee. Those are
the resolutions which I referred to as having been
drawn up by myself. I do not know as to any
other.
Mr. HINDMAN. Were those resolutions
drawn up by yourself the ones which you have
read ?
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. Thoselread
were the ones.
Mr. HINDMAN. I propose to show that these
identical resolutions are the same in substance
with those to which my colleague referred, and
which were contained in the newspaper he re-
ferred to.
Mr. FERRY. I really cannot yield further to
this discussion.
Mr. HINDMAN. I have the floor, and the
gentleman cannot interfere.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. It is,
that when a gentleman is entitled to the floor and
yields to another, he can resdme the floor when
he pleases. By the decision which I thought the
Chair was giving, the gentleman from Connec-
ticut might be ruled off the floor for an hour's
time, and therefore I did not want the House to
act upon any such construction of the rule, for it
would interfere very much with the rights of the
gentleman from Connecticut, if such a rule should
be enforced upon him. But the gentleman from
Arkansas stated that he only wanted five minutes,
and hence I should not make the point of order
upon him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state that this yielding was by the assent of the
gentleman from Connecticut himself, with the ap-
parent acquiescence of the House that it should
not come out of his time. When objection is
made, the Chair will enforce the rules of the
House.
.Mr. HINDMAN. I believe I stated the facts,
as I understood them, with some clearness—-that
my colleague, upon the authority of newspaper
extracts, alleged that resolutions were passed by
the Legislature of Massachusetts, in 1844, declar-
ing that the annexation of Texas would be, i/wo
facto t a dissolution of the Union. That was denied
to be tiue by the two gentlemen from Massachu-
setts. The two gentlemen denied that the senior
member from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had
offered any such resolutions. But that gentleman
himself, a while ago, read the resolutions which
he had offered, which were adopted by the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts, and which resolutions I
now hold in my hand,and will read:
" Resolved, That the power to mute an independent for-
eign State with the United States, i* not among the powers
delegated t<> the Geneial Government by the Constitution
of the United States.
" Resolved, That the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
faithful to the compact betwo* n the people of the United
States, according to the plain meaning and intent in which
it was undetstood and acceded to by them, i.> exceedingly
an.Mous fm its preservation; and that it is determined, as
it doubts not the other States are, to submit to no undele-
gated powers in any body of men on caith."
Now, the declaration in the first resolution is,
that there is no power under the Constitution in
the General Government to annex a foreign State
to the United States. The second resolution is,
that the State of Massachusetts will in no case
submit to any .such annexation. Then where is
the practical difference between those resolutions
which were offered by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Adams] and adopted by the Le-
gislature of Massachusetts, and those published
in the newspaper and referred to by my colleague ?
I thank the gentleman from Connecticut and the
House for their courtcsy.
Mr. COX. I desire to say 
Mr. FERRY. I must decline to yield further.
Mr. COX, (amid loud cries of "Order!") I
desire to say, that the resolutions referred to were
shown to me by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes;] and they are not the same
resolutions referred to by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams;] and I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if that is not s>o?
