1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1.03
36th Cons....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Clemens"
Ho. of Reps.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OP HON. S. CLEMENS,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 22, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee oftfmry-three—
Mr. CLEMENS said;
Mr. Speaker: For two years and more, my
voice has rarely resounded in tliis Hall. On ques-
tions of high debate my vote has even been want-
ing. Contending witli physical anguish, on a
bed of languishment and disease, the dependent
inind could be but wearily exercised. J know,
.sir, 1 have done nothing woithyof the high place
to which I have been so generously called. 1
know I have not justified the expectations of the
noble constituency whose sympathy has soothed,
and whose support has smoothed, the thorny path
which sickness always brings. Sacred silence is,
perhaps, the proper meed for these sacred mat-
ters; but I would feign believe, that, by a benign
ordination of God, at the very period when my
services are needed' by my people most, I have,
in the precious boonofrenovated health, the power
to represent them. I would speak in their cause, tins
day, living, as they do, upon the very confines of
what may be hostile confederacies. I would speak
as one who has never known anything from them
but the beneficence with which they have sus-
tained me,and the good offices by which they have
overflowed my heart with gratitude. Sir, 1 would
not speak in passion. It befits not the solemn
and portentous issues of this hour. We are m the
midst of great events. We are making history.
We may be in the dying days of this Republic;
aisd I should undo my deeds, I should unknow
my knowledge, before I w^iid,as the traveler in
the Alps,utter, even in a whisper, one word which
might bring down the avalanche upon the quiet
homos of my people. I would speak asa south-
ern man, identified by birth, by education, by
residence, by interest, by property, by affection,
with her population. Sir, on a bayou of the
Mississippi, reposes now in quiet the inheritance
of my children—an inheritance which, even in
slaves, amounts to one half of the whole number
in all the eleven counties which compose my con-
gressional district in Virginia. I would speak as
a western Virginian, and as the custodian of the
property ofthose children, who are notold enough
to know the peril to which it is exposed by those
who are riding on the very crest of the popular
wave, but who are yet destined to sink in the
very trough of the sea, to a depth so unfathom-
able that a bubble will never rise to mark the spot
where they went so ignominiously down! Well
may those who have inaugurated the revolution
which is now stalking over the land cry out, with
uplifted hands, for peace, and deprccatc the effu-
sion of blood. It was the inventor of the guillo-
tine who was its first unresisting victim; and the
day may not be far off before we may find those
among our own people who will be compelled to
rely upon the magnanimity of the very popu-
lation they have^mtraged and deceived. The au-
thors of revolutions have often been their vic-
tims.
Sir, at this hour, I have no heart to enter into
the details of this argument, or to express the in-
dignant emotions which rise to my hps and plead
for utterance. Before God, and in my inmost con-
science, I believe that slavery will be crucified, if
this unhappy controversy ends in a dismember-
ment of the Union. Sir* if not crucified, it will carry
the death rattle in its throat. I may be a timid
man; I may not know what it is to take up arms
in my own defense. It remains to be seen, how-
ever, whether treason can be carried out with tiae
same facility it can be plotted and arranged. There
is a holy courage among the minority in every
slavcState, thatmay be for the time overwhelmed.
Lazarus is not dead, but sleepeth. Ere long, the
stone will be rolled away from the mouth of the
tomb, and we shall have all the glories of a new
resurrection.
Sir, who has forgotten that, among the clans of
Scotland, beacon fires could be lit, by concerted
signals, leaping, for a time, from mountain crag
to mountain crag, in living volumes of flame, yet
expiring even in its own fierceness and sinking
into ashes, as the faggots were consumed? This
may be likened to a rebellion, such as political
leaders may sometimes piompt for a brief hour;
but the fires burn with the faggots, and all is cold
and dark again. There is as much contrast be-
tween sucha movemeutand a real uprising among
the masses for their violated rights, as there is
between Bottom the weaver and Snug the joiner,
who can "roar you as gently as any sucking
doveand t£ coo you an 'twere any nightingale."
One is the stage trick of a political harlequin; the
other a living reality. The one is a fitful and lurid
flame; the other, a prairie on fire, finding, in every
step of its progress, food for itsall-ravcmng maw.
Sir, in this exigency, before this political con-
spiracy, I may stand alone with my colleague
fiom the Norfolk djstnet, [Mr. Million,] who
has more political sagacity than generally falls to
the lot of mortal men. Let it be even so. I seek
no office. My political race is voluntarily run.
History will record the proceedings of this tur-
bulent period; and time, the gentle but infallible
arbiter of all things earthly, w ill decide the truth.
Cruel words may be borne, in the idea that the
day is not far distant when there will be chauta-
ble speeches, and cool, second thoughts, and the
revulsion, which always follows the whipped syl-
labub of passion. Hoe 1 take my bland !
Sir, we live in an age of political paradoxes.
Broad, expansive love of country., has become
a diseased sentimentality. Patriotism has been
transformed into a starveling birdiing, clinging
with unfledged wings around the nest of twigs
where it was born. A statesman now must not
only
a INittrow Ins mind,
And to puity give up what wis meant for mankind,"
but he must becomc as submissive as a blind
horse in a bark mill, to every perverted opinion,
which sits, whip m hand, on the revolving shaft,
at the end of which lie is harnessed, and meekly
travels. To be considered a diamond of the first
water, he must stand in the Senate house of his
country, and in the very face of a forbearing peo-
ple, glory in being a traitor and a rebel. He must
solemnly proclaim the death of the nation to which
he has sworn allegiance, and, with the grim sto-
lidity of an undertaker, invite its citizens to their
own funeral. He must dwarf and provincialize
his patriotism to the State on whose local passions
he thrives, to the county where he practices court,
or to the city where he flaunts in all the meretri-
cious dignity of a Doge of Venice. He can take
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, but he can enter with honor into a con-
spiracy to overthrow it. He can, under the sanc-
tity of the same oath, advise the seizure of forts
and arsenals and dock-yards and ships and money
belonging to the Union, whose officer he is, and
find a must loyal and convenient retreat in State
authority and State allegiance. He is ready to
laugh m your face when you tell him that, be-
fore he was "muling and puking in his nurse's
arms," there lived a very obscure person by the
name of George Washington, and who, before he
died, became eminent, by perpetrating the immor-
tal joke of advising the people of the United
States that "it is of infinite moment that we
should properly estimate the immense value of our
national Union; that we should cherish a cordial,
habitual,and immovable attachment to it; that we
should watch for its preservation with jealous
anxiety; discountenancing whatever may suggest
a suspicion that itcan in any event be abandoned;
and indignantly frown upon the first dawning of
every attempt to alienate any portion of our coun-
try from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties
which now link together the various parts."
Sir, that great man penetrated, as with the
acumen of a seer, into the crowning banc of this
disastrous period, when he warned his country-
men against the consequences of geographical
parties. Extremes in the North and extremes in
the South have at last met. Parties have been
organized and carried on by systematic perver-
sions of each other's aims and objects. In the
North it has been represented that the South de-
sired and intended to monopolize with slave labor
all the public territory; to drive out free labor;
to convert everv free State into common ground
for the recapture of colored persons as slaves who
were free;and to put the Federal Government, in
all its departments, under the control of a slave
oligarchy. These and all other stratagems that
could be resorted to to arouse antagonistic feel-
ings were wielded with turbulentand tumultuous
passion. As we planted, so we reap. Now,
that victory has been obtained by the Republican
party, and the Government must be administered
upon national policy and principles, the fissures
in the ground hitherto occupied become apparent;
and hence there must necessarily be a large de-
fection in its ranks among the more ultra of its
adherents, who are, as a general thing, ideal,
speculative, and not practical men.
Out of power, a party is apt to be radical; vest
it with power, and it becomes conservative. This
is the ordeal through which the Republican,-like
all other parties, is now passing; and it is to be
hoped, for the peace of the country, it will result
in the triumph of practical and national, rather
than ideal policy and sectional measures. Herein
consists the almost insuperable difficulty of com-
ing to any feasible adjustment upon the existing
discontents, The bulk of politicians, North-and
South, are bound by e past record and past pro-
fessions. They are thinking all the while of what
Mrs. Grundy will say. The people understand
the cause of the difficulty, and are moving. If
they could interpose, the country might yet be
saved.
Sir, what is that difficulty no\y; what has it
always been> I appeal to every unprejudiced
man's experience to say, whether it has not been
that, in the hands of ultraists North and ultraists
South, the slaveholder has been used as a shut-
tledorc, and, for purposes utterly dissimilar, has
been banded from South Carolina to Massachu-
setts, and from Massachusetts to South Carolina,
until now the last point of endurance has been
reached. Every virulent word uttered North
has been sent South, and the South has responded
in the same virulent spirit. Nay, the Abolitionist
himself has been granted an audience m every
southern city, at every southern political meeting,
and the most violent, insulting, agrarian speeches
repeated in the hearing even of slaves themselves.
Is it not a humiliation to confess, that the very
people who would burn in effigy, if not at the
stake, a postmaster who would dare to distribute
a copy of ultra abolition speeches, honor as among
theirchicf defenders, thecandidates whocan quote
the most obnoxious passages from all? Who has
made of southern politics, a vast hotbed, for the
propagation of abolition sentiments, but ultra
southern men themselves ? Who has indoctrin-
ated the northern people with dissimilar senti-
ments, expressed by the most ultra southern men,
but northern zealots themselves?
The population of the two great sections of this
nation stand, thercfoie, towards each other, at this
moment, like encamped armies, waiting for the
command to battle. The patriot plans, deplores,
appeals,deplores and plans and appeals again, find-
ding but little succor in the only quarter whence
succor can come. The Abolitionist revels in the
madness of the hour. He sees the crack in the ice-
berg at last. For him the desei t and the battle field
are both alike welcome. He kneels down m the
desert with the camels,for a speck in the far distant
horizon shows the simoon is coming. He looks
into the future as into a dark cloud in the morn-
ing, when nothing §ings but the early lark. Soon
history, like the'light of that eastern horizon, will
curtain back that cloud, and paint in blood's rud-
diest tints, field and forest, hamlet and city, the
i very mountains, to their pine crowned tops, and
1 the great ocean itself, as an ensanguined flood,
where brother contending with brother, shall find
a nameless sepulcher!
No anaconda, with his filthy folds around the
banyan tree, ever threw out the venomous tongue,
and yearned with fiercer passion for the crushed
bone and the pulpy flesh, than he now expectant
of his prey, yearns for the long: postponed repast.
Well may he cry that the day of jubilee has come.
Well may lis marshal lnS hosts to the last great
war of sections and of races. Defeated, stigma-
tized, insulted,scoffed at,ostracized,gibbeted by
his countrymen, he now gloats over the most
fearful of all retributions. His deadliest foes
hitherto in the South, have now struck hands in
