THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, !). G."
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1861.
New Series..,.;No. 44/
page 30, line seven hundred and four, to .-strike out
the word " clerk" and insert " clerks."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. .The Clerk has passed page
19. There are several amendments to come in
there.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The bill is still
open to farther amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have several amendments to
come in at that point, which I now send, to the
Chair.
The Secretary read the first amendment, in line
four hundred and forty-six, on page 19, after the
word " thousand," to insert the words "five hun-
dred," so that the clause will read:
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oiegon, fuel,
books, stationery, and other incidental expenses^ $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on the same page,
line four hundred and fifty-two, to strike out
" two "and insert" three;" so that the clause will
read:
For office rent for the surveyor general of Washington
Territoiv, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
pense>, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hundred
and forty-nine, page 19, to strike out the word
" three" and insert " five;" so that the clause will
read:
For rent of surveyor general's office in California, fuel,
books, stationery, and other incidental expense*, including
pay of messenger, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 20, in line
four hundred and fifty-five,, to strike out 44 two
thousand " and insert " four thousand five hun-
dred," so that the clause will read:
For rent of the surveyor general's office in New Mex-
ico, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental expenses,
$4,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendments be offered, the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. There are other amendments
from the Committee on Finance. There is an
amendment which is in possession of the Clerk,
in relation to the mint, in Georgia.
The Secretary read (he amendment, to strike
out from line six hundred and seventy-two, to six
hundred and seventy-eight, on page 29, in the fol-
lowing words:
iiJit Dahlonega, Georgia.—For salaries o! superintendent,
coiner, assayer, and eleik, $6,000.
" For washes of woikmen, $23£80.
"For incidental and contingent expenses, $1,000.*'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I will send anotheramendment
to the Chair to come in as an additional section
at the end of the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the fifth
section of chapter ninety-seven of the act of Confess ap-
proved March 3,1S53, requiring the Secretary of tlio Tieas-
ury to limit the amount of refining at the Mint, whenever
private establishments shall he capable of ictining bullion,
shall be extended to lUeseveial blanches of the Mint and to
the United States a^ay offiee at New York, in all cases
vviieie deposits o£ bullion aiemadeloi com oi leflnedbars,
and that hereattcr the charge tor convci ting lofined bullion
into coin shall not exceed one fifth of one per cent.
It was provided some years ago, in one of the
appropriation bills, that refined gold, which had
been refined at private establishments, might be
coined at the Mint, and it was proposed at that
time to make the alteration in the law applicable
to all the branch mints; but it was thought ad-
visable, for various reasons, to make the experi-
ment at the Mint at Philadelphia first. No good
reason has been perceived why the same rule
should not apply to the other mints. It will be
a reduction of expense to those who bring the
gold to places for refining and coining; and the
reduction of the charge is to an amount which,
the director of the Mint informs us, is sufficient
to indemnify the Government fo,r all expense.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill in the
2d page by striking out, in lines fourteen and
fifteen, these words:
" Officer charged with disbursements of the Senate,
$4S0."
This is a small affair, very small; but it shows
the way things are done here. By law for a good
many years the salary of our Secretary was $3,000.
His friends and the Senate generally used to be
in the habit—and so the record will show—of vot-
ing him, at the end of the session, a gratuity of
four or five hundred dollars for the duties of dis-
bursing agentor disbursing ofiicer of the Senate;
and finally that sum got up to $600, and I see that is
the salary,and I suppose it has bccomc so bylaw.
The only apology or excuse for raising the salary
from $3,000 to $3,600 was to make permanent what
we annually gave him in donations—the $600 ad-
ditional for disbursing the fund of the Senate.
He now receives a regular salary of $3,600, and
in addition to that, as disbursing officer, $480
more; so that, in fact, he is now receiving a salary
of $4,080. I suppose there is some statute for it;
but the last I can find in Brightly'a Digest 
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allowme,
I will state to him particularly.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senate will recollect that
some years ago the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] introduced a resolution, under which a
special committee was appointed, who made a
repoit on the subject of the salaries of all the
officers and employes of the Senate. They were
all raised, they were fixed, and the object was to
do away with the annual gratuities of which the
Senator speaks, and they have been done away
with under the operation of the resolutions of that
committee, which were submitted to the Senate,
and deliberately approved by them. That report
fixed the salary of the Secretary of the Senate at
$3,600, and allowed him,asdisburserof the funds
of the Senate, $480; and ever since that, appro-
priations have been made upon that basis. I
stated before that it was by statute. I was mis-
taken. I recollect now, my attention having been
called to it, that the facts were as I have just stated,
because 1 was a member of that committee. U
was debated herein the Senate fully; and the Sen-
ate having fixed by their own rule—winch is the
law of this body, at all events, if not the law of
the land—the salaries at this rate, the committee
have done nothing but report precisely that which
it was their duty to do. It seems to me it would
be a very indirect and improper mode of chang-
ing the deliberate action of the Senate if we were
now, in an appropriation bill, to seek to destroy
that rule of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I would ask if that was made by
law?
Mr. PEARCE. It was made by order of the
Senate. By resolution we fixed the salaries of
ouremployes. Each body does so. The House
of Representatives has done so always, and the
Senate never objects to any arrangement they
make. The Senate fixed the salary of their offi-
cers and employes, and the other House assent to
it, as a matter of course.
Mr. HALE, I think the Senator is mistaken,
because I have the book bcfoie me showing the
payments that were made that year, and this $400
was not paid as salary, but was paid by the vote
of the Senate out of the contingent fund.
Mr. PEARCE. Then it must have been be-
cause it was omitted m the bill.
Mr. HALE. Well, it ought to have been
omitted, because I know very well—for I was
here at the time—that this payment, in addition
to the Secretary's salary, which up to that time
had been $3,000, this gratuity which had been
given of ^500 was for disbursing the funds. The
object of that committee, of which the Senator
from Virginia was chairman, was to jix these
things, and make them matter of law instead of
gratuity. If I am not mistaken—and I have that
book before me, but I do not know the page where
the report of the Senator from Virginia is—the
committee made a recommendation that these
gratuities should all be dispensed with, aftd tfrai
the sum paid, which was then raised, and raised
up equal to what the pay and gratuity had been,
should be the salary. That was the undemand-
ing, according to my recollection; and I think the
Senator from Maryland will recollect it the same.
The object of the Senate was'to give everything"
that was equitably due; and to do it by law instead
of doing it by gratuities; and the excuse, the jus-
tification, or whatever you may please to cat! it,
for this addition to the Secretary's salary, was
because he was the disbursing ofiicer; and he now
fets $3,600 salary, and $480 additional for dis-
ursing the funds. I move to strike out the latter
item.
Mr. GREEN. As this payment only rests on
a resolution of the Senate, 1 think it just as com-
petent to abolish it by failing to make the appro-
priation, as it is to abolish a consul general in
Japan, by failing to make an appropriation; and
if we think it wrong, we ought to do so. I shall,
therefore, vote with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. PEARCE. I have sent for the report
which was submitted by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, and it has not yet come to hand; but I am
sure that it will sustain what I have said on the
subject. The Senate gave the Secretary, as Sec-
retary, a salary of $3,600, and they gave the ad-
ditional sum oi $480 for the trouble of disbursing
the moneys of the Senate. In that I cannot be
mistaken. It is not a gratuity voted annually,
but it is in conformity to that resolution of the
Senate, adopted some five or six years ago, rais-
ing the salary of every employe in the Seriate, I
believe: certainly of most of them.
Mr. FOSTER. As the Senator from New
Hampshire has remarked, Mr. President, this is
a small matter; and, under the circumstances, con-
sidering the precedence for this payment, and the
length of time it has continued, and as it is for
the payment of an old officer of the Senate, I am
snot prepared now to strike it off; and i think it
is better and fairer, as well as more liberal, to let
it lemain. I shall vote to retain it.
Mr. PEARCE. I have now the report of the
Senator from Virginia, to which I alluded. By it
the salary of the Secretary of the Senate was fixed
at $3,000 per annum. Now, the Senator from
New Hampshire may ask me why we have hap-
pened to put in $3,600.
Mr. HALE. I cannot hear a word that is said
by the Senator.
Mr. PEARCE. I will speak a little louder. I
have now the resolutions of the committee of
which the Senator from Virginia was chairman.
I find that the first resolution was:
u That the compensation of the officers and persons in
the employment of the Senate, from and after the 30th of
June, 1853, be as ibllows, namely: To the Secretary of the
Senate, $3,000 per annum."
And here the Senator will probably ask me why
we have inserted $3,600. The reason is, that by
law, by a joint resolution sanctioned by both
Houses of Congress, we added twenty per cent,
to the salaries of the employes of both Houses..
That makes it $3,600. The next provision was:
"To the officer charged with the disbursements of the-
Senate, $400 per annunu"
And the twenty per cent, added to that makes
it $480. The Secretary has received just the same
increase of salary, under that joint resolution, as
every other officer and employe of the two bodies.,
Mr. FESSENDEN. What year was. that?
Mr. PEARCE. Eighteen hundred and fifty-
four.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And it has beea appro-
priated regularly ever since?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir; ithasbeen appropri-
ated regularly ever since.
Mr. HALE, If that is so, I withdraw the
amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the*bill to be read a
third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
44
