106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—-Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Reps.
working out the great problem under which the
brain of this vast nation is now overwhelmed and
reels.
Mr. Speaker,gentlemen from the North shrink
back in dismay at the very mention of a propo-
sition to protect slavery south of the line of 36°
30', either as applied to territory now existing, or
which may be hereafter acquired, when it is per-
fectly demonstrable, on the law of population to
which ,we have referred, that every slave State
erected within the tropics can only be had at the
.ultimate sacrificeof a kindred State along the bor-
ders of the free States. The policy is the policy
of Saturn feeding on the bodies of his own chil-
dren. It is time the North, as well as the South,
appreciated this state of facts. The field for argu-
ment and illustration thus presented is inviung
indeed \ but within the limits of an hour i can but
make suggestions, rather than maintain any ex-
tended line of remark. The question for the states-
man to decide is: whether the South shall not be
guarantied by constitutional enactments, if .need
be, in the principle sectircd to her by that instru-
ment itself, by the decision of the Supreme Court;
a principle which may not only be barren of any
• practical advantage to her, but, if rendered effect-
ive, can only be so on the basis of a compensat-
ing benefit to the free States themselves, of open-
ing up new fields in a temperate and genial clime
for the increase of white population.
I would fain hope, in the determination of this
vast question, we may rise above the silly pre-
judices and splendid shams of the hour. Let us
have no more cant. Let our eyes not blink under
the truth -as it is. Let us enlighten, as best we
may, the people of this great country, not only
as to their duties in the present, but as to their
destiny to come. Let us feci we have a country
to save, instead of a geographical section to rep-
resent. Let us act as men, and not as partisans;
and the old Constitution, now in the  vcry trough
of the sea, with battered masts and sails in shreds,
rolling at the mercy of every breaker, will again,
with her dark and weather-beaten sides, loom
from the deep; will again skim over the waves
lik« the sea-bird, that scarce wets his bosom on
their snowy crests, ringing with glad shouts, and
the rapture of anticipated triumph, as when she
ranged, like a mighty monster of the deep, be-
neath the castles of Iripoh, striking them dumb
as she passed, or, as when she spread her broad
and glorious banner to the winds, and rushed,
like a strong man rejoicing to run u race, on the
Guerriercand the Java.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have necessarily left much un-
said. My last hope upon this most distracting
question is upon the action of Virginia. Heed
hor voiq,c while yet you may! T would now con-
clude all I have to say in the solemn warning of
one of her noblest sons, the author of the Dec-
laration of Independence himself, who, in 1798,
in a period not unlike the present, appealed to
omng sisters to cling to the sanctuary of their
fathers.
" in every free and deliberative society,'* says
he, " there must, from the nature of man, be op-
posite parties and violent discussions and discords;
and one of these, for the most part, must prevail
over the other for a longer or shorter time. Per-
haps this party division is necessary to induce
each to watch and delate to the people the pro-
ceedings of the other. But if, on a temporary su-
periority of the one parly, the other is to resort to a
scission of the Union, no Federal Government can
ever exist. If, to rid ourselves of the present rule
of Massachusetts and Connecticut, we bie.ik up
the Union, will the evil stop there? Suppose the
New England States be alone cut off: will our
natures be changed? Are we not men still, with
ail the passions of men? Immediately we shall
seea Pennsylvania and Virginia party arise in the
residuary confederacy, and the public mind will
be distracted with the same party spirit. What
game, too} will one party have in their hands by eter-
nally threatening each other, that unless they do so,
they will join their northern neighbors ? If we re-
duce our Union to Virginia and North Carolina,
immediately the conflict will be established be-
tween the representatives of these two States;
and even they will end by breaking into their sim-
ple units. Seeing, therefore, that an association
of men, who will not quarrel with one another, is a
thing that never yet existed, from the greatest
Confederacy of nations down to a town meeting
or vestry; seeing that wo must have somebody
to quarrel with, I had rather keep our New Eng-
land associates for that purpose than to see our bick-
erings transferred to others." A little patience,
mark you, Mr. Speaker—" a little patiencey and
we shall see tiie reign of witches pass over,
their spells dissolved, and the people recov-
ering their true sight, restoring their gov-
ernment to its true principles."
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. A. E. NELSON,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the sclcct committee of thirty-three—
Mr. NELSON said:
Mr. Speaker: I have not very frequently at-
tempted to occupy this floor, bccause 1 thought it
was more becoming in me, as a new member, un-
acquainted with the modes of procedure, to leave
the management of public affairs more to those
who arc familiar with the rules of the House, than
endeavor to take the lead in them myself. I have
on many occasions, however, addressed public
assemblies. As a professional man, i have fre-
quently pleaded for the life of my client, when he
sat pale and trembling behind me," and hung with
breathless expectation upon every word that fell
from my lips; but never, on any occasion, have I
attempted to address any public assembly under
so painful a consciousness of the magnitude of
the subject, and of my inability to meet it, as that
which oppresses me now. I stand here to-day,
not to plead for a client whose life, at most, is of
comparatively small importance, when he is re-
garded as a component part of society. I rise to
advocate the most important cause the world has
ever known—to plead for the life of my country.
God grant, that in my humble effort to vindicate
it, I may say nothing which may be calculated to
foment the disturbances that exist in our once
happy and peaceful Union! God grant that I
may say nothing which shall be considered as
aiding the secession movement on the one hand,
or as favoring the Republican party, which now
has the control of the destiny of this country, on
the other.
Three short months ago this great nation was
indeed prosperous and happy. What a startling,
wondrous change has come over it within that
briefperiod ! Commercial disasteranddistressper-
vade the land. Hundreds and thousands of hon-
est laboring men have been thrown out of employ-
ment. Gloom and darkness hang over the people.
The tocsin of war has been sounded. The clangor
of arms has been heard. And we who have wit-
nessed these fearful and awful events passing with
lightning rapidity before us; we who, in a great
degree, have it in our power to arrest their prog-
ress-—how have we met the great crisis in which
our beloved country is involved ? Have we run
with great haste to the rescue? Have we stood
up like men, and rallied around the flag of our
country, and endeavored to preserve and sustain
it in all its integrity and all its majesty? No, sir;
no. While these events have been passing be-
fore us, like the visions of some horrible dream;
while whole States have placed themselves in
battle array against our Government, we seem to
be utterly inadequate to meet the dangers which
menace us on every hand. We have met here
day after day, and week after week, to consider
any other topic rather than discuss the greatcon-
troversy which involves the destiny of our own
country, and the hope for free government through-
out the world. When our attention is called to
the momentous issues before us, we discuss them
as if they were topics of fleeting and transitory
importance; and, clinging to party ties and party
associations, we seem to forget that we are actors
in the salvation or destruction of a Union which
has no parallel in history, no equal on earth.
Whatspirit broods over us, that we cannot arouse
to asense of the danger? What malign influence
trammels us that we cannot reach an adjustment ,
in the spirit of conciliation and concession in
which the Government was created ? On the one
side, we have heard the strongest declarations
against ail compromise and any concession; and
on the other, the most ominous announcements
have been made to the country that nothing hAs
been done, nothing attempted, to relieve us from
the dangers and the difficulties by which we are
surrounded.
What is the cause of the apathy and indiffer-
ence—not to say the criminal inertness—which
seem, to some extent, to have taken possession
of the House ? There must be some cause; and
so far as I comprehend the condition of the coun-
try and of the Congress of the United States, 1
have come to the conclusion that there are two
very common, and at the same time very prom-
inent, causes which lie at the foundation of the
indifference which has hitherto characterized our
deliberations on this subject. The one is pride
of opinion, and the other is party spirit. I do
not pretend to be more exempt from'these than
other men; but I will,in this effort to secure peace
and repose to a distracted land, endeavor to relieve
myself as far as possible from both.
That pride of opinion which yields nothing for
the sake of harmony, is unworthy, of freemen;
that party spirit which acknowledges the demands
of party as superior to those of our country, is
unworthy the Representatives of freemen; and
when I see how we are all fettered and bound, to
a greater or less extent, by chains like these, me-
thinks that—
(( Henry—the forept-boin Demosthenes,
Whose thundei shook the Philip of the seas,
And stoic Franklin's encigeue shade,
Robed in the lightning;-, v hich his hand allayed,
And Washington, the tyrant-tamer, wake
To bid us blush for these vile chains or break."
Let us, like the imprisoned captive, burst our
chains with one strong bound, and feel tlrat we
are free; free to rally around the standard of our
country; free to do our duty, regardless of all
party ties and associations; * free to relieve the
public mind from the intense agony of suspense;
free to preserve, and give to posterity, the greatest
and best Government the world has ever seen.
Although we have been deficient in the energy
and promptness so urgently demanded by the
I occasion, t do not concur, Mr. Speaker, in the
| opinion expressed on this floor by an honorable
| Representative from the South, that nothing has
j been done tending toward conciliation. I grant
that nothing has been done which can be regarded
as a settlement of our unhappy controversies.
Nothing has as yet been accomplished which will
restore peace and harmony in the country; but,
as I will endeavor to show in the course of my
remarks, much has been effected in the way of
adjustment; and if we will do justice, instead of
letting the news go forth with lightning speed to
all parts of the country that there is no hope; <
instead of fanning the flame of excitement, we
should frankly proclaim to our despondent coun-
trymen that there are signs of promise amid the
darkness that surrounds us. Let the friends of
the Union be on the alert. Let the people re-
member that, although a portion of its most de-
voted adherents sincerely despair of reconciliation,
yet, ever since the meeting of Congress, some of
our public men, as well as too many of our pub-
lic journals, have labored with untiring assiduity
to produce the impression that no compromise is
possible; the object being to widen the breach
between the sections, and to expedite the seces-
sion movement. A brief review of some of our
proceedings will show that such a conclusion is
rash and premature.*
Mr. Speaker, soon after—I may say immedi-
ately after—the commencement of this session of
Congress, I had the honor, as a member of the
national committee, to present to its consideration
certain joint resolutions to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which I supposed would
form a proper basis for a compromise. Omitting
the caption, the amendments proposed were as
follows:
Art. XIFT. In all that territory ceded by France to the
United States, under the name of Louisiana, and in all thu
temtoiy ceded by Mexico to the United States, which lies
north of 30* 30' north latitude, which is notincluded within
the limits of any State, slavery and involuntary servitude,
otherwise than in the punishment of crimes, whereof the
parties shall have been duly convicted, shall be, aUd is
