1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
Mr. McCLERNAND. My observation was
that the gentleman from Illinois stood in a very-
near relation to the President elect; not that the
latter was in any way privy to the plan of accom-
modation proposed by my colleague.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, in offering that
resolution to have it printed, I wish distinctly to
say that, in view of the disturbed condition of the
country, I felt it my duty to offer that proposition,
hoping that it might avert a calamity which now
surrounds and impends over the country, and that
no human being is responsible for the proposition
but myself.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask leave to present cer-
tain resolutions, accompanied by a memorial,
adopted at a convention of the Constitutional
Union party in New Hampshire, held on the 8th
of January last. As the memorial is very short,
I ask that it may be read and then referred to
the sclcct committee of five.
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question for information. The gentleman
from New Hampshire stated that he presented
certain resolutions of the Constitutional Union
nof that State. I ask the gentleman, if that is
ell and Everett party of New Hampshire,
or what party it is that claims the name of Con-
stitutional Union party?
Mr. EDWARDS. I suppose it was the Bell
and Everett party prior to the election.
The memorial was read, as follows:
rJTo the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, legal" voters ot the State of New Hamp-
shire, regardless ot party distinctions;, being deeply nn-
piessed with a bensc of impending dangers, and unalterably
attached to the Union of these States, to the end that the
blessings of libcity may be presei ved to oui selves and uan&-
imtted unimpaned to our po&terity; and believing that.the
slaveiy agitation should he hoieafter dropped liom W'ty
politics, and no longer be peimitted to dibtmb the delibei-
auons ot Confess or the peace and harmony ol the people;
arid belinvmg, furthei, that every consideiation ol patnot-
lstn, no less than constitutional iegard, lequues the imme-
diate and unconditional repeal of all laws dnectly or mdi-
iectly in conflict with the lettei oi spirit of the Constitu-
tion ; and believing, f n thei, that evoiy good ritizon should
favor, not only the~existence and faithful execution o( laws
to effectually restrain ail attempts to excite insurrection
among the slaves and to entice or steal them from their
masters, but also the passage of all other enactments re-
quired by eomitv and fiaternai feeling—respectfully peti-
tion your honorable bodies to compose the prudent unnuppy
difficulties of our common countiy—
First, by making such arrangement in legard to the Ter-
ritories'a- may commend itself to your hbeiahty and pa-
triotism, bavins due regard to the constitutional lights of
each and all the States of the Union ;
Second, by the final settlementof the pi ineiple that new
States shall be admitted to the Union with or without sla-
very, as the people thereof, in their constitution, shall
determine;
Third, by the emphatic enunciation that Congre*,< will
not inteifere with fclaveiy m the States, oi in the Di.-tnet
ot'Columbia, nor with the slave tiade between the sslave
States;
Fourth, by piovidmg for the full enjoyment by the slave
State.-; of their constitutional light in the lendition of fugi-
tives fiom seivice.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that the memorial
and accompanying resolutions be referred to the
select committee of five.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Upon that motion
to refer, I would ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire a single question; and that is, whether
that memorial has his individual political assent?
Mr. EDWARDS. I have presented the memo-
rial and the accompanying resolutions in accord-
ance with what I believe to be my duty to any
portion of the citizens of New Hampshire who j
shall do me the honor to constitute me the medium
by which they may present to this House their
opinions and wishes in relation to great public
questions, if, beyond this, I were to answer the
question of the gentleman from New York frankly,
I should say that, while I concur with much that
the memorial contains, certain of its positions and
suggestions do not meet my sympathy or appro-
bation.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. T am much obliged
to the gentleman for his politeness. I thought it
was right that we should know.
The papers were referred to the select commit-
tee of five.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. KILGORE, from the Committee on the
!0 strict of Columbia, by unanimous consent, re~
p. i ted back a bill (H. K. No. 900) to provide for
m." organization of a metropolitan police for the j
city of Washington; which was ordered to be
piinted. i
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee of!
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 18G2; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to introduce a bill
authorizing a loan. I wish to say that the present
exigencies? of the country demand its considera-
tion cither to-day or to-morrow.
The bill to authorize a loan was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that tomor-
row morning I shall call up the bill for action,
unless the House sees fit to pass it now.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr.PENDLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explanation
in a matter which touches somewhat the privi-
leges of the House. Some two weeks since, when
I addressed the House, 1 took occasion to say
that I had attempted to get the floor for the pur-
pose of offering a petition, which came from ten
thousand citizens of Cincinnati, asking for the
adoption, by Congress, of a series of measures,
commonly called the Crittenden compromise. I
sec, in a paper published in the city of Cincin-
nati, the Cincinnati Commercial, in its issue of
last Wednesday morning, the folio wing statement,
made by a correspondent from tins city.
Mr. Pendleton's petition with ten thousand names a fraud.
Washington, January 29.
The petition for the Crittenden Compromise, introduced
by lion. George II. Pcndlcton, as a pieface to hid speech,
and said to contain ten thousand names, proves, on exam-
ination, to contain le^sthan tin ee thousand, a large portion
of winch aio not Cmeinnatian^. Anion? other signatures
aie the names of T. D Lincoln, R. II. Stephenson, 3VT.
IlaKtead, C. A. Partridge, and many others, someoi whom
aie known to be opposed to the Crittenden compromise.
The signatures aie autographs. Has a fraud been com-
mitted ? SIGMA.
I have not taken the trouble to verify the truth
of the statement of that correspondent. I under-
stand that lie arrived at his conclusion as to the
number of names attached to the petition by a
measurement of the paper, and not by a count of
the names. Whether accurate or not, however,
I feel constrained, in justice to the IXouse, and
in justice to myself, to call attention to it. I
received that petition within an hour or two of
the time I took the floor, on the 18th of January.
Accompanying it was a letter, which I hold in
my hand, fiom an active, prominent, influential
business man m the city of Cincinnati—a mem-
ber, as I ha\e been infuimed, of a committee ap-
pointed by a Union meeting held in that city about
two months ago, for the purpose, as I understand,
of collecting the sense of the people of the district
1 represent, and that of my colleague, [Mr. Cur-
ley,] upon this subject. He is a gentleman op-
posed to me in politics; belongs to a different polit-
ical organization altogether, between whom and
myself there is no coincidence whatever on ordi-
nary political topics. It was upon the authority
of this letter that I introduced the petition and.
made the statement I did. If the House will per-
mit that letter to be read, I will not trouble them
further upon the subject.
The letter was read, as follows:
Cincinnati, January 15, 1861.
Dc.vn Sir : I have sent you by ma-1 ojyhtor ten thousand
names, a,-kiii<? the Congressmen of em city to exeit them-
selves in favor of the Cuttendeu compionnse. There aie
nunc papets out, and doubtless n>ne tenths of oui citizens
will <?i<rn the peafiori. it an oppoitunity otlets. The ultra
Republican politicians oIgv.c h liwlo sign it, a? the}' love
paity better than their country. We expect to ea!l a pop-
ular election in this city to vote yea oi nay on the Critten-
den compromise.
Youi&, &.c., 3. S. DAVIS,
lion. Georgi: Pendleton.
Mr. GURLEY. I wish to say a word in con-
nection with this subject. Of course no blame
attaches to my colleague in presenting that peti-
tion. 1 myself received many letters from Cin-
cinnati, inquiring whethei such a petition was
hole, cine! whether it was genuine—expicssmg
doubts of the genuineness of the petition. I ex-
amined it myself, and counted the names; that
is, I divided ihe petition into about four parcels,
counted the names of one, and made an estimate
of the. rest—the whole making twenty-nine hun-
dred and fifty. It might vary fifty or a hundred
from that. One of the names signed to the paper ,
is that of the editor of the Cincinnati Commercials
a gentleman who had himself stated in his paper
that he did not believe any such petition had been
circulated in the city; or rather that, if circulated,
ten thousand names had not been signed to it.
He is a Republican, and was inclined to disbelieve
that any such petition had been so generally
signed, and yet I find his name attached to it; of
course he never signed it. I know not whether
the petition was got up in the same way that the
poll-lists in Kansas were, by the directory or other-
wise. It is sufficient that I state these facts.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I ask leave to present the
petition of William E. Dodge, and a great number
of other citizens of the city of New York, for a
settlement of the national difficulties; and, in con-
nection with the remarks just made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gukley,] I will say that
this petition comes from such a source as that I
feel at liberty to take the personal responsibility
of assuring the House that there is neither 011 this
paper nor on a similar one which was presented
to the Senate yesterday, containing more than
thirty-eight thousand names, a single name that
was not signed by the party whose signature it
purports to bo. 1,would repeat, that this petition
is similar to one that came from the city of New
York, having been almost universally signed by
the electors of that city, to the extent of at least,
for both petitions, forty thousand names. I ask
that the petition be read.
Mr. CAREY. I rise to a question of order. I
ask whether it is in order to offer petitions of this
kind to-day ?
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, it can-
not be received.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will not make objection at this
point of the proceedings.
Mr. CAREY. If you please, let me get through
what I was going to say.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Very well; I agree
to that.
Mr. CAREY. The reason why I object is this:
I have received petitions of a similar character;
and as I understood that the rules did not permit
such petitions to be presented except on Mon-
days, I have so stated to my constituents. I see
now that these petitions are getting in regularly;
and when my constituents see that, they will be
surprised at my letter. Now, I shall object, un-
less I am allowed to put 111 mine.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I trust the gentle-
man fiom Ohio will be permitted to introduce all
the petitions 011 this subject that he and his con-
stituents desire; and may he inform that constit-
uency, sir, that this House is becoming more lib-
eral, and more patriotic, just as the country is
getting more and more in danger. I hope this
petition will be read.
Mr. CAREY. I should not have made objec-
tion if I were not placed in an awkward position
about it. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
petition will be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to refer it
to the committee of five. I suppose there ia no
objection to that.
It was so referred.
MARY IC. GOTIIKIE.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask unan-
imous consent to have the Committee of the Whole
discharged from the further consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 268, for the relief of Mary K. Guth-
rie, widow of Presley N. Guthrie. It is the first
time that I have asked for the consideration of
any bill; and I would not now do so if it were
not for the relief of a widow who has been starv-
ing for two years. [Laughter.]
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill; and the House proceeded to
consider it. It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mary K. Guthrie on
the pension roll, at the rate of thirty dollars per
