108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Reps.
♦natum,but the basis—of a settlementwhich I have
respectfully presented to the consideration of the
dominant party in this House; yet I differ with
the opinion which was expressed by the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Rust] yesterday. Ho
stated that the proceedings of the national com-
mittee were " a miserable abortion;" that they
amounted to nothing; that they would do nothing
towards quieting the people. I differ with him,
sir, in that; and I will presently very briefly state
why. To be sure, Mr. Speaker, at one period in
our deliberations, it seemed as if no proposition
would come from the Republican party that looked
as if it could at all consummate a settlement of
these distracting questions; and I felt that, per-
haps, it might be better for me to withdraw from
its deliberations; but without any knowledge of
that fact, without any concert whatever between
us, on the very day that I had this purpose in
contemplation, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] rose with a resolution in
his hand, for which, sir—if he will jjardon me
for an allusion to the atmosphere from which he
comes—I thought he deserved the very highest
degree of credit. He is a man, I think, of some-
what ultra opinions upon the subject of slavery;
he comes from a State whose Senators have de-
nounced it in the fiercest and most opprobrious
terms; and yet, sir, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, in a spirit worthy the honorable and
noble lineage from whence he sprang, bounded
over all these shackles and ties by which he was
confined, and offered a proposition which may
peril his popularity at home, and for which I think
he deserves the highest degree of credit. What
was it? Why, his proposition—and it has been
reported to the House—is, in substance and effect,
without quotingit literally, that slavery shall never
be abolished in any State where it exists without
the assentofsuch State and every one of the States.
What is the great grievance that we of the South
have complained of? I do not speak now of the
secessionists, those who for years have been medi-
tating this movement of dissolving the Union, and
have been attempting to " fire the southern heart,
and precipitate the cotton States into revolution,"
but I say that all through the South the opinion
has pre vailed—and it exists in good faith, growing
out of the doctrine of the " irrepressible conflict,"
which was announced by an eminent Senator
from New York—thattheie is the utmost danger
of an attempt, on the part of the free States, to
abolish the institution of slavery in the States.
Now, although we have an acknowledged consti-
tutional right to its preservation there, yet they
give us more in these resolutions than we have
under the Constitution; because, under the Con-
stitution as it now is, slavery could be abolished
in the States, as X take it, by an amendment of the
Constitution, adopted by the consent of three
fourths of the States; but, under the amendment
proposed by the committee, slavery can never be
abolished in the States where it exists without the
assent of the slaveholdmg States, and, indeed, of
every one of the States. 1 hailed it then, as I hail
it now, as a measure of peace. As I understand
his late speech in the Senate, it meets the appro-
bation of the author of the "irrepressible con-
flict" doctrine himself, [Mr. Seward,] the Ajax
of his party; and but for the excitement that pre-
vails in the country, this resolution, if adopted by
Congress and the requisite number of States,
would go far to remove, or almost entirely remove,
many of the just sources of apprehension that we
have from the Republican party.
Mr. CURTIS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I desire to correct him
upon one point. He states the proposition in
such a way that it might appear that the commit-
tee of thirty-three reported against allowing a
sovereign State to dispose of slavery as it pleases.
I know the gentleman does not mean it.
Mr. KELSON. I did not so state. The gen-
tleman misunderstood me.
Mr. CURTIS. I know the gentleman did not
intend to be so understood.
Mr NELSON. Certainly not. So much for
that subject. There are other resolutions which
have been considered by the committee, and which
will, 110 doubt, be adopted by the House. What
are they? There is a resolution declaring, in sub-
stance and effect, that there is no party in this
country which designs to interfere with slavery
in the District of Columbia, or with the inter-
State slave trade. That is equivalent to a solemn
pledge by the Republican party that these things
will not be done. There is a resolution recom-
mending the northern States to repeal their per-
sonal liberty hills. An important bill has been
reported for the arrest of fugitives from justice;
and there are other resolutions, which I cannot
discuss within my time, but all of which are of
a pacific character, and all of which show that,
while northern gentlemen have not come up to the
requirements and the just demands of the South,
still they have evinced a disposition to meet us in
the way of conciliation. And, sir, if anything I
can say here to-day will make an impression on
the minds of any one, I w^uld invoke gentlemen
to come one step further, and to do what they be-
lieve to be right. If it is right and proper to adopt
the constitutional amendments offered by Mr.
Adams, why cannot you give us these things
which you propose in the form of a congressional
resolution in the shape of constitutional guaran-
tees? If it is right to give us one, it is equally
right to give us the other. And if, by conceding
it in the shape of congressional guarantees, you
can give quiet and peace to the South, and save
our country from the horrors of civil war, it should
be done. After all is said and done, how narrow
is the boundary that divides the two sections of
the Confederacy ! If gentlemen will give to the
South, in the form of constitutional guarantees,
what they propose in the form of resolutions, and
what is earnestly asked by the most conservative
men in the South, why, then, every question that
distracts the country will be settled, except this
question of the Territories; and so far as that is
concerned, 1 would again invoke gentlemen to
adopt the Missouri compromise line.
Mr. STItATTON. f would ask the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee, whether he and his
friends would be satisfied with the restoration of
the Missouri compromise line in its original form,
extending to the eastern boundary of California?
Mr. NELSON. Wo will be satisfied with the
Missouri compromise line as we propose it here
—as it is adapted to the changed condition of the
country. We merely want a recognition, On prin-
ciples such as wo have in the Crittenden resolu-
tions, of the existence of slavery there, and its
protection.
Mr. MALLORY. Will my friend from Ten-
nessee permit mo to ask the gentleman from New
Jersey a question ?
Mr. NELSON. I will yield to every gentle-
man upon the floor of the House, if the interrup-
tions are not to come out of my time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Buffinton
in the chair.) The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. NELSON. Then I yield to my friend
from Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I would simply ask the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, if he would be willing to
give us the Missouri compromise line as a con-
stitutional amendment? And I would ask him
further, if he does not know that it would be idle
to pass it as a law, inasmuch as the Supreme Court
hits pronounced it unconstitutional?
Mr. STRATTON. I will answer the gentle-
man from Kentucky. I am willing to give the
Missouri compromise line as an amendment to
Constitution, in its original language. Further
than that I will not go.
Mr. NELSON. 1 hope, Mr. Speaker, that there
are enough gentlemen on that side of the House
who will offer us even that. If they do, let us
take it into consideration; and let us consider it
not as partisans, but as patriots. Let us endeavor
to meet them in the same spirit in which they
come to us. If we do that, we can soon settle
and adjust the difficulties that now exist in the
country. I trust that gentlemen of the Repub-
lican party will not consider that I am asking too
much when I ask this. Intelligent as they are,
they know but little of the true state of feeling in
the South. I have here, and wish I had time to
comment upon it, the message recently sent by
the Governor of the State of Tennessee to the Le-
gislature. It is a sort of bill of indictment against
the Republican party of the North. Among other
things, it charges you with a design to abolish
slavery m the Distuct of Columbia; charges you j
with a design to interfere with the inter-State slave
trade, although your platform contains nothing
on the subject of slavery in this District, and has
a distinct disavowal of any intention to interfere
with our domestic institution in the States where
it exists. It contains numerous other charges of
that character; and I regret-that I have not time
to notice them all, for I could furnish arguments
and reasons why gentlemen of the Republican
party should be willing to meet us in a spirit of
conciliation.
As I have been asked again, I may say that so
far as I am personally concerned, I would be will-
ing to receive the Missouri compromise line as it
originally was. I doubt, however, whether that
would be satisfactory to the erttire South, and I
do not undertake to speak for other gentlemen in
regard to it. I would be willing to assent to almost
anything rather than see this land drenched in
blood; rather than see brother arrayed against
brother, and friend against friend, in the horrible
strife which will soon exist if we do not do some-
thing to quiet this spirit of disunion which pre-
vails.
Mr. MORSE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question > The gentleman said a
moment ago that the Governor of his State had
brought two charges against the Republican par-
ty—that that party intended to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia and to prohibit the slave
trade between the States. I want to answer those
charges, and I do so by saying that since the or-
ganization of the Republican party, no man, North
or South, ever heard a Republican take any such
ground. It is not in any Republican platform
nor in any Republican speech. Republicans do
not want to do any such thing.
Mr. NELSON. I am glad to hear the gentle-
man thus express himself. 1 wish to let members
of the Republican party know the state of senti-
ment entertained and uttered by high public func-
tionaries in my State, and in other parts of the
South. It is charged here that the Republican
party has justified and exalted to the highest hon-
ors of admiration, the horrid murders and arsons
of the John Brown raid, and has canonized the
felons as saints and martyrs. I say, not to the
Republican party, but because it is due to the
cause of truth, that if you judge of the party by
its platform, it distinctly denounced the raid of
John Brown, and declared that the party would
never interfere with slavery in the States. I speak
this not for the ear of the House, but for the
people of the State of Tennessee. " Let justice
be done, though the heavens fall." [Cries of
"Good!"]
In order to let gentlemen know why we beg and
implore them to rally around some just standard
of compromise, 1 have referred to the manner in
which they arc represented by a high public func-
tionary. They are charged with having burned
towns, poisoned wells, and conspired with slaves
to depopulate northern Texas; although one gen-
tleman from Texas declared in committee, as I
hope he will do in the House, that there was little
or no foundation for it.
It is said in the message of the Governor of
Tennessee, that in the presidential election the
Republican party asserted the equality of the black
with the white race. How that fact is, I am un-
informed; but we all know that Mr. Lincoln, when
he was interrogated on that very subject by Judge
Douglas in the contest of 1858, distinctly disa-
vowed any such doctrine as being held by him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to do
justice to the Republicans, both in the charges
which I have made against them, and in those
from which I have defended them. I deem it
proper to say this, because a convention has been
called in my State, because propositions are made
to arm the State, and because the storm of seces-
sion is sweeping over the State to-day: and it is
almost impossible to resist it, unless gentlemen
come up and meet us in the spirit of compromise
of which I have so often spoken.
Mr. Speaker, although not in this connection,
I desire to read, in the hearing of gentlemen of
the Republican party, an extract from a letter
which 1 received a few days ago from a friend in
Tennessee, who is as much a friend of the Union
as any other man in it. He states:
"I am suny to say Itiu cause of secession 13 gaining
