THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
month from the 29th of December, 1857, to con-
tinue daring her widowhood.
The bill was read a third time, and.passed,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the further consideration of
House bill No. 512, for the relief of Joseph C.
G. Kennedy, In order that the House may un-
derstand the character of the bill, I ask that the
bill be read, together with two very short reports
that have been made at different times in the Sen-
ate. The facts are very few.
The bill was read.
Mr. PRYOR. I object.
BALTIMORE AJfD OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. CARTER. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee for the District of Columbia
Senate bill No. 377, to authorize the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad company to extend the Washington
branch of their road to the Potomac river, and
across the same, by an extension of the present
structure known as the Long Bridge, for the pur-
pose of connecting with the Virginia railroad at
that point.
Mr. BURNETT. Thegentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kilgore] offered a bill this morning, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, to
have it printed. I rose at the time to object, but
remarked that I would not object to that course
being pursued, provided the gentleman from New
York, the chairman of that committee, should
have the same permission given him to report a
bill, and have the same order made to print. Un-
less that permission be given, I shall claim the
right to object to the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. CARTER. I ask leave to report this bill.
Mr. BARR. I object.
Mr. BURNETT.' Then I insist that the gen-
tleman from Indiana shall not have the order in
regard to his bill entered on the Journal.
"Mr. BARR. That objection comes too late.
Mr. BURNETT. I made an objection at the
itime, and suppose the Chair heard me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not suppose
it to be his province to regard subjects of this
jkind. Objection should have been made at the
•tirne* or else the Chair cannot notice it.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 objected at the time.
The SPEAKER. It must be an unqualified
objection.
Mr. BARR. The gentleman from Kentucky
could make no such arrangement without the
.unanimous consent of the House. I object to the
gentleman fram New York [Mr. Carter] putting
in his biJI.
Mr. BURNETT. Then 1 make the point that
the gentleman from Indiana had no right to lepoit
his bill; for the.sjmph; icason that the order in
committee .was .that both bills should be reported
by the chairman of.t'he committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too late
to take up that subject ,no.w.
CRITTENDJ0N COMPROMISE.
Mr. FLORENCE. I<hawe a petition, signed
ky citizens of Montgomery county, Pennsylva-
nia^ asking a settlement of the .difficulties of the
cou.niry on the basis of the Crittenden proposi-
tion. I move that it he referred -to the special
committee of five. It is very numerously signed;
and my .correspondent says it is signed by men
of all parties.
It was so referred.
HAttRJS AND BtlTTERWORTII.
The SPEAKER announced the business ia
order to be, the consideration of Senatp bill No.
23, for the relief of Arnold Harris and Samuel F. ;
Buttenvorth.
Mr. SHERMAN. There k no use in our wast-
ing time in passing private bills. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole.oj) the state
of the Union, in order to get on with the dekeiency
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules.were accordingly suspended;and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole, (Mr. Burnett in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order, being the
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 866)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861,
the pending question being on Mr. Morse's
amendment to the third amendment of the Senate,
as follows:
Add at the end of the amendment as follows:
Provided, That no part of the &um hereby appropriated
shall be drawn from the Treasury until after such conditions
and regulations have been established by the President in
reference to supplying coal under said contract, and for the
performance of all the provisions of the same, as will fully
protect the United S tates against the failure or incapacity of
said Thompson, or said Chiriqui Impiovement Company,
to fulfill its stipulations: Provided further, That the United
States shall acquire no right of sovereignty over any tern-
toiy in the Republic of New Granada, or Co&ta Rica, nor
any right to transpoit troops or munitions of war over such
territory under or by virtue of the contiact recited m this
act, unless the same be voluntarily consented to by said
Republic.
The Senate amendment being as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the
conditional contract made by him with the Chiriqui Im-
provement Company and Ambiose W. Thompson, on the
'il&tday of May, 1859, for the puipose ot securing to the
United States certain valuable privileges and rights speci-
fied in said contract, and which said contract is hereby
approved, $300,000.
On which Mr. Pottle was entitled to the floor.
Mr. POTTLE. I send up the following amend-
ment which I offer as an amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Maine:
Provided further, That no part of the sum hereby appro-
priated shall be paid until a railway shall have been com-
pleted and put in operation upon the roadwaynamed m the
said conditional contract.
Mr. Chairman, after the remarks of my col-
league [Mr. Sickles] on yesterday, in reference
to the indorsement which this proposed appro-
priation had received from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs in this House, at the last session, I feel
it to be but justice to myself and to the House to
make a few remarks upon this question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I understood that when the com-
mittee rose yesterday, the gentleman from JNew
York [Mr. Sickles] was still entitled to the floor
upon the amendment of thegentleman from Maine.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Sickles] had expired be-
fore the committee rose yesterday. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Pottle] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. POTTLE. It is true, Mr. Chairman, that
at the last session of Congress a report was made
by the committee, of which I am a member, sub-
stantially concurring in the propriety of making
this appropriation. But there was a tacit under-
standing in the matter that there was great pro-
priety, before the House should finally act upon
the question, of sending out a commission to ob-
tain some of the facts connected with the advant-
ages to be derived fiom this appropriation to the
Chiriqui Improvement Company. Such a motion
was subsequently made in the House, and the
commission sent. We have before us, at length,
the result of their labors.
1 was one of those on the committee who gave
my assent to a report in favor of this appropria-
tion; and I deem it but justice to myself to say, that
that consent was obtained from mc upon a state
of facts totally different from the facts as they ap-
pear from the report of this commission. And I
feel bound, after carefully reading this report, to
provide, at least, some guard by which the Gov-
ernment shall be put in a possible position of re-
ceiving some advantage from this appropriation.
As it stands now, without some such guard as
this which I have offered by way of amendment,
I can scarcely conceive that the Government can
ever derive any advantage whatever from this
appropriation of $300,000.
We have listened, sir, to the eloquent remarks
of the gentleman from New York, on the other
side of the House, [Mr. Sickles,] in regard to
the great advantages to be derived by the Govern-
ment from the ratification of this contract. We
have had, I dare say, all or nearly all the poetry
that can be brought to bear upon this subject.
But any member who will take the trouble to read
this report* cannot fail to cogne to" the conclusion
that, if there is poetry connected with the matter,
there are also some stubborn facts to be sur-
mounted before we can, injustice to the Govern-
ment we represent, make this appropriation.
My colleague has spoken at great length of the
advantages to be derived from the construction
of the railway, and the benefits the Government
would derive from the right of transit across the
Isthmus. At this point, Mr. Chairman, my col-
league seems to have entirely overlooked one fact,
of which I beg the committee to take notice; and
that is, that the contract entered into by the Sec-
retary of the Navy with this .Chiriqui Improve-
ment Company has no reference whatever to a
railway; and that none, by the terms of that con-
tract, was contemplated. That contract simply
provides for the right of transit over a roadway,
and not over a railway. And it is this misunder-
standing which has been persistently kept before
the House, not only in the debates, but in the
report of the commission which was sent out to
make surveys in regard to this roadway. By
looking at their report, you will see that there is
not a word or syllable in it about a road way; but
the whole of these surveys have been made to
establish the practicability of transit by railway.
All these reports set forth the great advantages to
be derived by the Government, if the right of
transit by railway is secured.
Now, that I-.may be perfectly sure of being
understood upon this point, I beg leave to call
the attention of the House to the contract made
by the Secretary of the Navy with the Chiriqui
Improvement Company. It commences:
" This indenture, made this 21st day of May, A. D. 1859,
between the United States, acting by and through Isaac
Touccy, Secretary of the Navy of the United States, of the
fust part, and the Chiriqui Improvement Company and
Ambrose W. Thompson, of the second part, witnes^eth :
That whereas the said Chiriqui Impiovoment Company
and the said Thompson have become possessed of certain
grants^concesgions, privileges, rights, and properties, at the
Isthmus of, and m the province ot, Chiriqui, in the Republic
of New Granada, as appears by the original titles thereto,
copies of which are hereto appended; and whereas it is
desirable that the United States, on the one part, should
have the right of transit over the roadway granted direct to
said Ambrose W. Thompson through said province," &c.
"Over the roadway." Now, sir, the papers
which are printed with this contract contain among
them a certified copy of the ordinance issued by
the provincial Legislature of Chiriqui in 1854,
granting the exclusive privilege of making im-
provements, &c., over the provincial road, from
David to the Chiriqui lagoon. The copy of this
ordinance is properly certified by the Granadian
legation in the United States. I do not propose
to waste time upon this point; because the whole
ground was covered by the able argument made
yesterday by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps.] I simply wish to call the attention of
the House, not to the fact that the Chiriqui Com-
pany had never obtained a right of raiZwq/ through
the province of Chiriqui, but to the fact that,
whether they have or not, the contract made by
the Secretary of the Navy with this Chiriqui
Company imposes no obligation upon the com-
pany to build a railroad. It is simply a contract
for the right of transit over a " roadway."
Well, sir, what are the advantages that the Uni-
ted States are to derive in return for this $300,000?
They are stated in the contract to which I have
just referred. The first is the right of transitover
this roadway; second, that the United States are
to have the right to land not to exceed five thou-
sand acres, at each end of the route, for the pur-
poses of a coal depot; third, they are to have the
right to purchase of the company whatever coal
they may need for naval purposes at the ordinary
market price, or, to use the language of the con-
tract, on payment of one dime per ton to the pro-
vincial authorities of Chiriqui, and the cost of
excavation and transportation.
Sir, let us look at these advantages for which
it is proposed to pay $300,000; and I beg leave
to take them up, not in the order in which they
are named in the contract, but to reserve for the
last the provision in regard to the right of transit
over the roadway or railway, whichever way it
may be.
First, in regard to the advantages to be derived
from this grant often thousand acres of land. The
impression which has generally obtained among
members, as evidenced by the debates in reference
to it, appears to be that the land selected for .coal
depots is to cover any conceivable amount of coal.
This is clean y an error; fori take it upon my-
self to say that if we are to be guided by the re-
