1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
38th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. EtJieridge.
Ho. of Reps.
never be. The causcs which destroy it will for-
ever preclude a reunion. Hate will be intensified,
and a war of extermination will ensue. It is in
vain for either section to calculate upon the cow-
ardice of the other. All are of the same race. All
are alike brave; and a war once begun between us
will have no parallelin the contests which history
has described. May Almighty God avert it!
It has been said, "agree with thine adversary
quickly whilst thou art m the way with him." If
we are governed by this salutary rule, all domestic
difficulties will soon pass away from our country,
peace will again smile in all our borders, and we
wili once more enjoy those privileges with which
wo have so long been blessed far above every
other people.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. E. ETHEKIDGE,
^ of tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
January 23, 1861.
The House having under consideration the repoit from
the select committee of tlurty-thice—
Mr. ETHERIDGE said:
Mr. Speaker: I have frequently had occasion
to express my opinions m regard to matters of
grave public concern, and I have often done so at
the risk of imputations upon my political in teg- i
rity. I have too frequently found that many of '
those with whom I differed, have indulged in cen-
sure of my acts, and imputed even treason to my
motives. In a contest like this, involving as it
does the existence of the Government, and the
preservation of popular freedom; arousing, as it
does, the fiercest passions of rival and contending
parties, a man must be at once for or against his
whole country. It matters not under what ban-
ner he arrays himself, those upon the opposite
side will attach to him the most selfish and trea-
sonable aims. I say, therefore, in advance, that
in whatever I may now say upon the subjcct un-
der consideration, I shall not seek to evade any
responsibilities of that kind. I shall not attempt
to speak merely to avoid censure, or by affecta-
tion or hypocrisy, to court commendation. In
what I say, I shall be bound by a strict regard
for truth. The opinions 1 shall avow are those
sanctioned by observation and experience; they
have the approval of my heart. And the facts to
which I shall refer will, I am sure, be sustained
by the unquestioned truths of history.
Sir, if I had a jury of twelve honestandunpre-
tending men, sworn well and truly to try the
issues joined between the contending factions—a
jury belonging to no political party, and without
other motive than a desire to subserve the best
interests of their country—I could, by submitting
a plain statement of undisputed facts, have a
prompt and unanimous verdict m favor of pre-
serving the Union of these States. Unfortunately,
sir, we cannot here, and now, get a disinterested
juiy; but it is consoling to know that time will
soon adjourn all these difficult questions to the
arbitrament of all the people, who, with no other
weapon than the ballot-box, will be able to arrest
revolution and save the country. If, for the last
year or two, the men and women of this country
could have observed the deliberations of this body;
could have seen each member as he is; and wit-
nessed your daily proceedings; they would in-
stantly rise up all over the countiy and arrest the
tide of revolution, which is threatening to involve
us all in one common ruin. There are thirty mil-
lion people whose peace and happiness, whose
very existence, is involved in these grave issues.
This House is composed of bu; two hundred and
thirty-six members, some of whom, doubtless,
have reached their prosentposition by the merest
accidents. It may be safely assumed that each
member of this body represents, among his im-
mediate constituents, more than that number of
statesmen—statesmen, perhaps our superiors in
wisdom and moderation, yet we are to be told in
this day of fearful precipitation, that because for-
sooth, Congress, elected as it has been, without
reference to the issues now before us, cannot,'or
will not, instantly do something to stay the tide
of revolution, therefore there is no hope for the
country. I say, again, could the people behold
those who are now around me, could they see
them, when under their alternate hopes and fears
—the hopes inspired by the Tribune, or the fears
aroused by the thunderings of the Herald—
[laughter]—could they see and know all these
things as they really are, their good sense would
cause them to reject with scorn, the idea of haz-
arding, finally aiid forever, the peace of the coun-
try, alone upon the deliberations of such a body.
Can it be possible that xoe hold the final desti-
nies of such a people and such a country in our
hands alone? I answer, no; such an imputation
is a libel upon the good sense of the millions who
are resolved to preserve the institutions our an-
cestors so wisely ordained. As well might so
many hackmcn, gathered promiscuously from the
streets of New York, get together and constitute
themselves sole arbiters of a country which will
endure so long as we are fit to be free. In what
spirit was our Government conceived ? It was in
jealousy, and not in confidence. Why, sir, by the
very Constitution which you and I have sworn
to support—and I mean to keep my oath—your
Government alone was formed; and throughout
every line of that Constitution is a manifest dis-
trust of man's ability to resist the temptations of
power. Hence, short terms in office were pre-
scribed, and every officer of the Governmentwas
required to swear fealty to that Constitution.
Even the Father of his Countiy was not allowed
to assume the executive authority until lie had
fiist invoked the vengeance of Heaven should he
fail faithfully to support and defend the Consti-
tution he had assisted to o-rdain. This body is
wisely so constituted that, at the expiration of
every two years, we are compelled by the Con-
stitution to return our authoiity to the people.
If dissatisfied with our conduct, they are sure to
dispense with our services. Our Government con-
templated just such emergencies as we are now
compelled to meet; -and however contumacious
the politicians may be, in despite of them, every
issue nowbefore us will soon be adjourned by the
Constitution itself to the decision of the whole
people. They have the good sense and patriotism
to work out a safe solution of all real or pretended
difficulties. If error prevails now, their sound
judgment will combat it successfully, andall will
finally be well again.
Mr. Speaker, although we are to-day delibera-
ting upon questions which when we were respect-
ively elected were not before the American peo-
ple, yet the hasty precipitators of this i evolution
tell us, if we do not dccide at once, and so deciding
come up to their requirements, we must accept
the alternative of dismemberment with all its at-
tendant horrors! I protest against it. I demand,
to-day, for the innocent millions whose peace,
prosperity, civilization, whose very existence is
so fearfully involved, an adjournment of this
whole matter from the arbitrament of maddened,
unrelenting politicians to all the people, to those
whose servants we are, and who will not fail in
this great emergency, to save the priceless hcii-
tage which you have no rightful power to destroy.
And, sir, if you do not so adjourn all these ques-
tions to the people—to those whose peace and
happiness are so fearfully imperiled—they will
speedily adjourn you to a dark oblivion, and write
shame and infamy upon your graves. Whatright
have you or I, or any one of us, to assume that we
alone will pass, finally, upon the questions of
peace and war, among our own people, when they
themselves, with the ballot-box in their hands,
are impatient, as I believe, to pass their judgment
upon these measures, which, however, abstract
they may be, will, if adopted, disarm the enemies
of the Union of their treasonable pretexts, and
leave them without further power to mislead their
too confiding victims? I yet trust this House
will do something; yes, sir, do much to allay
this alarm and appiehension; and while I shall
continue to vote for every proposition to disarm
those ichose aim is disunion, and whose grievances
are mainly pretexts, I do not hesitate to announce
in my place, that if this Congress shall, finally,
fail to meet the public expectation in patriotic
quarters, I will not then be willing to abandon my
interest in almost the only Government in the
world which is worth preserving. This House
cannot, by any indifforencfc it may manifest to the
various propositions before it, force me join those
who, aiming at disunion as an end, expect by
your indifference to gather strength for their rev-
olutionary designs. Before I consent to aid in
the overthrow of my country, and to extinguish
its nationality, I will counsel with your masters—
the people—those in whose unambitious hearts,
love of country and of kind burns as brightly as
of yore.
Sir, this revolution which threatens speedily to
involve us all, and which is suggestive of so ter-
rible a future, is the most extraordinary, unpar-
donable, and indefensible the world has ever
looked upon; and public men all over the coun-
try, of whom better things were expected—men
who, a few months ago, were indignant at the
bare suspicion of their sympathy or complicity
with those who were then plotting revolution—are
now counseling armed rebellion, and playing
with the worst passions of mankind, as though
nothing serious were involved in the result.
I propose to meet fairly the dread alternative
presented by these precipitators; to meet them in
a candid spirit, and to array in opposition to their
real and pretended grievances, some of the man-
ifold blessings which all sections of the country
have derived from the Government—a Govern-
mcntwhich smiles even yet bemgnantly upon its
misguided children. And may I not ask, what utter
madness and folly must there be in subverting
the Government for the purpose of securing out
of the Union rights or privileges which may not
be secured or vindicated by candid appeals to our
kindred and friends, who salute the same flag,
and acknowledge a common ancestry.
It is a remarkable and most significant fact,
that this revolution is not justified or carried on
with reference so much to anything which has
been done by Congress, or any political party, as
because of dangers which, it is alleged, are to be
apprehended in the future. The only thing charged
to have been already done or performed, as was
said by my friend fiom Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
two days ago, is the passage, by the Legislatures
of some of the free States, of the so-called per-
sonal liberty bills. If I had time—I have not—I
believe precipitation reigns here, and each mo-
ment, as it rides upon the dial's point," (point-
ing to the clock,) admonishes me that I, too, must
be precipitate. If I had time I could show—and I
challenge contradiction from any disunionist, if
such there be here—that you will be infinitely
more the victims of the unfriendly legislation of
thefice States, when the Government has been
destroyed, than you now are, or ever can be,
while the Constitution endures and the Union is
maintained. This—the passage of the personal
liberty bills—I repeat, is the only thing now actu-
ally done or performed, by any department of
Government, State or Federal, of which even dis-
unionists can complain. I will endeavor, then,to
state the dangers you profess to fear in the future.
1. You say the people of the North are opposed
to the execution of the fugitive slave law.
2. That the Republican party, when they ob-
tain control of both branches of Congress, intend
to exclude slavery from all the Territories by act
of Congress.
3. That the people of the North refuse to grant
congressional protection to slave property in the
free Territories.
4. That they intend, finally, to change the Fed-
eral Constitution, thereby to enable them to abol-
ish slavery in the States.
0. That the people of the free States are opposed
to slavery.
6. That the people of the respective sections
are not homogeneous; that they hate each other.
7. That some of the people of the fiee States
favor the social and political equality of the
negro.
8. That the South is in danger of invasions,
similar to John Brown's raid into Virginia.
I think I have fairly stated all the various charges
which the disuniomsts have embodied into this
indictment against the Government they seek to
overthrow, and the people they would treat as
enemies. Now, sir, I frankly confess that the
personal liberty bills do exist in some of the free
States. They are, whenever designed to evade
the Constitution or the laws passed under it, with-
out extenuation oroxcuse. But it is gratifying to
