112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Etheridge.
Ho. of Keps.
perceive, if the signs of the times are worth any-
thing, that all these personal liberty bills, which
in any manner conflict with the Constitution, are
soon to be swept from the statute-books of the
free States. And if this were not so, it should not
be forgotten that these laws have existed during
the wEole of the last eight years of Democratic
rule, and without so much as a threat of revolu-
tion for such a cause; nor should it be overlooked,
that if they are unconstitutional they are simply
void; and if they are passed without a violation of
the Constitution, as State-rights men you have
less reason to complain. I repeat, they will soon
be repealed. Nothing retards it now, in my opin-
ion, but that general repugnance which all men
feel in doing anything seemingly " upon compul-
sion." I repeat, this is the only act that has been
done, by State or Federal authority, upon whieh
disunion is justified by its advocates; and, as I
before said, the other grounds of complaint are in
reference to things you profess to believe will
hereafter occur; things which never have happened,
and which never could transpire if the seceding
States had continued in the Union,and your Rep-
resentatives had remained at their posts. I might
further remark, in regard to these personal liberty
bills, that they do not, as I am assured, exist m
the border free States, the States which imme-
diately adjoin the slave States—Iowa, Illinois,
Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey.
Where, then, do they exist? They are found on
the statute-books only of such far-oft' States as
Vermont; a State in which, I am assured, there
has not been a fugitive slave for forty years; a
State as inaccessible to a slave's approach as his
escape is impossible from South Carolina.
But you say that slaves escape from the south-
ern States, and are permitted to pass through the
free States and take refuge in Canada. 1 grant
this to be true; and they will, ill all time to come,
occasionally escape from their owners. No sys-
tem of laws can guard against it. In some negroes
a disposition to run away is inherent. It must be
endured, unless, perchance, you can invent some
peculiar ligament to restrain the elasticity of
their legs. [Laughter.] I reside within a day's
ride of the free States, yet I have never known
more than one slave to make his escape from my
own neighborhood into the free States. 1-Te passed
through that part of Kentucky now represented
by my friend, [Mr. Burnett,] and took refuge
in Illinois. He was arrested by some of the citi-
zens of that State, and taken back to his owner.
Now, I will not blame my friend from Kentucky
for permitting this fugitive to pass through his dis-
trict, nor will I counsel disunion-because his con-
stituents did not arrest him on his way. Fugitive
slaves do pass through the free States, and find
freedom in Canada; but have you any means of
reclaiming them now in the British dominions;
and will not a disruption of the Union, in effect,
bring the Canada line down to the banks of the
Ohio?
But what appeals have the southern States made
to the free States to repeal these statutes? Is not
their existence rather an imaginary than a real
grievance? For I am informed that under them
no fugitive slave has ever been liberated; nor has
there been, at any time, aprosecuiion or fine, for-
feiture or conviction, for any alleged violation of
their provisions. Instead of seeking relief in that
spirit which would have given dignity and effect
to the appeal, the whole matter has been left to
the party newspapers and politicians.
But the precipitators complain, as I have stated,
that many of the people of the free States arc hos-
tile to the execution of the fugitive slave law.
Doubtless this is so to a great extent; but this is
not the fault of the Federal Government, nor of
the law. Mr. Buchanan, in his late annual mes-
sage to Congress, used this very language:
u The fugitive slave law has been carried into execution
in eveiy contested case bince the commencement of tiie
present Administration."
And it is a matter of history, that not a dozen
slaves have been rcscucd within the last forty
years from the custody of the officers of the Uni-
ted States, while acting- under the authority of
that law. You know the statement I make is true,
although the people of the South are made to be-
lieve that it is impossible to recapture a runaway
slave without his being in almost every instance
rescued from the custody of the officers of the law.
And while every rescue is made a matter of pub-
he notoriety, mention is rarely, if ever made, of
the instances in which the law is enforced. Wo
all know that fugitive slaves are almost constantly
being captured m the free States and carried back
to their owners; but information of cases of this
kind rarely find their way into the party news-
papers—certainly not in 'those which advocate
disunion. But a mob or a riot, originating in mat-
ters of this kind, is the food upon which seces-
sion leaders wax wroth and grow fat. If the fugi-
tive slave law is not now well executed, will it
be more faithfully enforced if you dissolve the
Union ? Will you then have any fugitive slave
law whatever ? It cannot exist for a moment be-
yond the life of that Constitution which secession
seeks to destroy.
Whether we have two or more confederacies,
Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Maryland
are to be converted into mere outposts. The peo-
ple who know most of their present free-State
neighbors, and with whom commercial intercourse
must of necessity exist, are to have their imme-
diate northern friends transformed into enemies,
and all the privileges of the Constitution are to be
surrendered for the poor boon of standing as mil-
itary sentinels to guard those who dream of south-
ern confederacies, and feel secure because of their
remoteness from danger. These seceding States
are now no sufferers from the evils of which they
complain. They know nothing of personal lib-
erty bills, except as they afford pretexts for then-
schemes, while hundreds of miles of slave terri-
tory intervenes between them and the free States.
It is the border slave States I have named which
alone feel the injustice of the Abolitionists; and
now the Gulf States propose, by disunion, to ag-
gravate all these evils,and add to their number a
thousandfold. It remains to be seen if they and
their misguided allies can so far mislead the peo-
ple of the border slave States as to induce them
thus recklessly to throw away their best interests
to gratify the malignity of disappointed ambition.
Ariel let it be remembered that theie is no com-
plaint from any quarter of the South against the
provisions of the fugitive slave law. The charge,
as I have already said, is that some of the people
of the free States do not approve its provisions,
and sometimes resist its enforcement.
But this is not the fault of the Federal Govern-
ment, which disunion would madly destroy. Mr.
Orr, late the Presiding Officer of this House, and
very recently a resident commissioner " near the
Government of the United States," from the
Kingdom of South Carolina, [laughter,] has de-
clared the fugitive slave law to be " as stringent
as human ingenuity can make it." I ask my
friends who are in favor of dissolving the Union,
if us overthrow will make the fugitive slave law
more stnngent, or make the radical anti-slavery
men of the free States more inclined to admire its
provisions? 1 frankly admit that the northern
people are opposed to slavery in the abstract;
they always were; they are so now, and they
always will be so. You cannot find an honest
northern man, born, leaied, and educated in a
free State, and who knows nothing of the stern
necessity of the relation of servitude as it exists
in the southern States but what he hears from
Garrison, Wendell Phillips, and their coadjutors,
who is not opposed to slavery in the abstract. It
is true, many of your Yankees go South, and al-
most instantly fall in love with a negro. [Laugh-
ter.] I beg pardon, with a woman who has some
real or contingent interest in a plantation and
negioes; and not unfrequently they cajole her
into marriage. Very soon you will hear them
announce their belief in the theory of Agassiz,
and descant hugely against the unity of the hu-
man race. I have had repeated lectures myself
from these interesting gentry. I repeat that the
people of the free States have always been op-
posed to slavery; as evidence of which I point
you to the fact that they abolished it when it ex-
isted among them. It is quite as difficult to make
a northern man favorable to negro slavery, with-
out making him interested in it, as it is to make
a politician run away from a fat office. [Laugh-
ter.]
The precipitators assign, as another cause for
their attempt to overthrow the Government, that
the people of the free States intend to abolish sla-
very in the States where it exists. Now, sir, I
do not believe there is one word of truth m this
allegation, and those who make il ought to know
better; and if such were their desire, we all know
they have no such power. The whole Repub-
lican party denounce this charge as false I
am here in the presence of the members of this
House, and I aver that there is not a man in this
Congress, of any party, from any quarter of the
country, who claims the power or avows the pur-
pose to interfere with slavery in the States where
it exists. [Cries of "Not one!" from the Re-
publican side of the House.] If there is one, I
wish to know it, [A voice, "There are none!"]
because he will receive the rebuke, not only of
his colleagues, but of every man who wishes to
live up to the Constitution. But, sir, this pur-
pose is imputed to the people of the free States
by the disunionists and their allies, in the teeth
of the most solemn assurance which a political
party can make to the world; and I hesitate jiot
to say that this assurance has been, in many in-
stances, purposely withheld from the people of
the slave States, so that this misrepresentation
might produce its baleful effects upon the popu-
lar mind. I remember that, during the last sum-
mer, some of the newspapers in my own State
affected to be horrified because I read the follow-
ing resolution from the Republican platform:
"That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States, and especially the right of each State to order find
contiol its own domestic institutions, aeeoiding to its own
lud^ment exclusively, is essential to that balance of power
on winch the perfection and enduiance of our political
fabric depends ; and we denounce the lawless invasion by
aimed ioree ol the soil of any State or Teintory, no matter
under whutpretext, as among the gravest of crimes."
And I do not hesitate now, in this presence, to
assert, that no political party that ever assembled
in convention in this country, has given stronger
guarantees against any desire or any power to
interfere with slavery in the States of this Union.
They did more than this—that which no other
political party in this country has ever done: ap-
prehending the possibility of invasions similar to
that of John Brown, they denounce, in express
terms, ail such raids "as among the gravest of
crimes." Common fairness requires that we take
gentlemen at their word; but if more were want-
ing in this regard, they are now willing, to appease
your apprehensions—if any such you have—to
vote for an amendment to the Constitution, de-
claring, in express terms, that Congress shal I never
have power or authority to legislate in regard to
slavery in the States where it may exist. Such
a provision would be, in fact, no amendment at
all, but a declaration of what the Constitution
already is; for no intelligent lawyer, no man of
sense, believes that the Constitution now confers
upon Congress any such power.
But, say those who arc intent upon subverting
the Government, the people of the two sections
are dissimilar; they have their peculiarities and
prejudices; they hate each other. Sir, that may
all be true to some extent; but there may be mote
hope of another, and, I trust, a better generation.
Plow long have they been hating each other to
that extent which can justify a separation, and
that intensified hate which will be sure to follow
fraternal war ? The people of the North and South
do not hate each other one particle more than
did the embittered leaders of the old Whig and
Democratic parties at the close of those sanguinary
political conflicts which marked our history a few
brief years ago. But will they love each other
any more sincerely when they arc separated into
hostile armies, and encamped in battle array ? Or,
will the bloody traditions, which will disturb the
repose of our children, prepare them for a more
cordial embrace? True, you may separate upon
paper, but the Ohio will be a poor memorial of
peace between a rival people and contending States.
But 1 will not agree that you hateeachothernow.
Our lineage is the same; and each should know
the other's infirmities by his own. If your con-
stituents could sometimes see how frequently and
how lovingly the fiee-soiler and the southern
radical hold kind and familiar council; howoften
they almost embracc each other, they would not
for a moment believe the stale complaint of sec-
tional hate. I will tell you when you most cor-
dially hate each other. It is when the ins are
