1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JGth Cong.... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Etheridge.
Ho. of Reps.
compelled to give place to the outs. When that
army of political retainers, by the reverses of po-
litical fortune, has to take up its baggage, and
abandon the tempting harvests of the capital;
then it is you hate each other. [Laughter and
applause in the galleries.] Sir, if you desire to
witness a grand living panorama of the sorrowful
faces which were seen when the Jews were led
into captivity, you have but to take a position
upon one of these adjacent towers on the 4th of
March, and behold these martyrs, now so devoted
to country, when they are exiled from the places
they now know and love so well.
Sir, I trust that m a grave public emergency like
this, love of our whole country, and every part of
it, may banish all meaner emotions. In an hour
like this I would scorn to cherish an unkind po-
litical feeling toward a human being. I feel that
if I could, by immolating myself, add a day to the
life of my country, I would freely make the offer-
ing; and I trust that all others will yet be found
to yield much to preserve that Union with which
are mingled the best hopes of mankind. Again
I ask you, will you love each other better in that
fearful houroffinal separation? You will not." You
cannot. But hate, undying hate, will foment and
protract feuds and contests more bitter and-unre-
lenting than those of the rival houses of York and
Lancaster. Furthermore: let this Government be
broken up, and the border slave States dragooned,
first into revolution and then into a southern con-
federacy, and ten years will not have elapsed be-
fore the slumbering fires of the present strife will
be blazing there, and perhaps another revolution
will mark our history. If this be not so, then all
history is a falsehood and its philosophy a lie.
It is alleged that a portion of the people of the
free States favor the social equality of the negro.
Well, if this be so to any considerable extent, I
am very sorry for it, and wish it were otherwise.
To say the least, it exhibits, in my judgment, a
very bad taste; but I do notbelieveitis so to any
considerable extent. But if it were, would sepa-
ration change their taste or make them repudiate
such social equality. I will not make any special
allusion, or rccur particularly to a chapter in our
past party warfare. Were I to do so, I might show
how an alleged predilection for the social equality
of th® negro was once charged upon a gallant
soldier and veteran statesman, who, during an
eventful life, was a special favorite of the people,
North and South. But this I will say, that scan-
dal is the poisonous weapon of all political parties
in truly exciting times. It is often invoked, and
but rarely in vain. 1 may say that the political
equality of the negro was not wholly unknown to
the people of some of the slave'StatSs thirty years
ago. Half a century elapsed, in some of the
southern States, before the right of suffrage was
denied to the free negro population. I live in a
State whose public men have not been wholly un-
known to fame. We yet preserve recollections
of a Jackson and a Folic. The first constitution
of Tennessee was made in 1796. It remained un-
changed until the year of grace 1835, and one of
the peculiar features of that constitution was, that
it sanctioned and approved the political equality
of the negro to the extent of allowing the right of
suffrage; and if he owned a sufficient amount of
property, he was given a preference over the white
man who had none. Andrew Jackson was a mem-
ber of the convention that ordained that consti-
tution. His signature is attached to itto-day; and
twice, before it was changed, he was made Presi-
dent of the United States. In the State of New
York, but two months ago, a proposition to give
political equality to the negro, to the extent of
universal suffrage, was voted down by more than
ten to one. It did not receive the vote of any con-
siderable minorty m a single county in the State.
I repeat, that the political equality of the negro,
to the extent I have named—and it is, I believe,
the extent to which it prevails in any of the free
States—has existed heretofore in many of the
southern States. It formerly prevailed in my na-
tive Slate—North Carolina—where, until within
the last thirty years, free negroes were allowed
the right of suffrage. May we not excrcise a little
charity and forbearance upon this matter, espe-
cially as we set the example, and have no rightful
power to prevent its exercise in other States.
Most of the free States never have, and do not i
New Series—No. 8.
now permit negro suffrage, while social equality
is a thing almost wholly unknown, even in the
most radical of the anti-slavery States. The peo-
ple of Tennessee advanced somewhat slowly, as
is shown by their allowing negro suffrage from
1796 until 1835; and as these Republicans are
somewhat progressive, perhaps they, too, aftera
while, may change their policy.
As to the apprehensions expressed about inva-
sions, such as John Brown made into Virginia,
1 have this to answer: will disunion or separation
enable the seceding States to protect themselves
more efficiently than now ? Can you have a more
sanguinary code for the punishment of such in-
vasions after separation than we now have ? At
this time, every citizen of the southern States feels
himselfjudge, juror, and executioner in such eases;
and every tree in the forest is made a convenient
gallows on which to hane; such invaders. John
Brown's fate has taught all such men that we now
have a code in such cases as sure and summary
as it can be made. It is a matter of history that
the noble State of Pennsylvania—a State which,
if it had to speak through the ballot-box to-day,
would roll up a majority of thousands in favor of
Union and a fair adjustment of present complica-
tions—was prompt to vindicate herself from any
suspicion of sympathy with Brown and his dozen
followers. Two of his adherents sought refuge
in the mountains of that State, where they were
arrested by as many of her citizens, and instantly
surrendered to the authorities of Virginia, where
they were tried, convicted, and executed. They
paid the penalty of their crimes with a forfeiture
of their lives; yet so groat was the panic cieatcd
by this insane project of Brown that the State of
Virginia immediately flew to arms; her northern
border was bristling with bayonets, as was al-
leged, to repel an apprehended invasion from Penn-
sylvania and other States for the liberation of
Brown and his followers. And the people of
Virginia believed such an invasion was seriously
contemplated.
Sir, the great evil of the times is, that the peo-
ple of all the different sections have listened so
much to persistent misrepresentation, that they
actually know loss of each other's true purposes
and feelings to-day than they did thirty years
ago. The policy of the radical Abolitionists is
to intensify the opposition to slavery which has
always existed m the northern mind. To do
this, they publish every libel that fanaticism can
invent, and apply it to the great body of the peo-
ple of the South. And the purpose of the dis-
unionists of the South has been, and now is, to
give notoriety to every extreme opinion of north-
ern ultraists as the prevailing sentiment of the
great body of the people of the free States. In
each section, the most intemperate expressions
and conduct of the other are represented as the
rule instead of the exception. Thus, misrepre-
sentation, perversion, and falsehood, have done
their work, and we are now reaping the bitter
fruits. Last year Texas was represented as in
flames; peaceful villages and habitations were said
to be consumed by the toich of northern aboli-
tion incendiaries. The public mind was frenzied;
and no doubt the innocent were often made vic-
tims to that wide-spread alarm which time and
reflection will prove to have been unfounded.
But, were these exaggerations all stern realities,
would separation or disunion increase the power
of the people there to protect themselves from the
dagger or the torch ? will that State have greater
facilities for punishing inciters of insurrection
when out of the Union, than are now found within
it? Reason and common sense answer, no. A
northern Abolitionist, or other person, who goes
to Texas to tamper with slaves or promote rebel-
lion, deser\es a permanent lodgmentm an asylum
for the insane. Of all the places in the world,
Texas is the last to welcome or appreciate his
presence. As well might the most devoutly pious
seek happiness by folding his Christian mantle
around him, and plunging into the gulf winch
separates Lazarus from the rich man in hell.
[Laughter.] So much then for the various alle-
gations which the seceders have preferred against
the Federal Government.
I have, for the sake of the argument, accepted all
your charges as true, and allowed you to present
they all really true to the extent that partisan
coloring has painted thorn, still, so well satisfied
am I that disunion would aggravate them all, and
prove wo remedy for anything, that X would en-
dure all these evils for years to come, before I
would overthrow my country, and entail upon its
kindred people the inevitable horrors of fraternal
war. Sir, 1 go further. I so love my country
that I would add to all these things a continuance
of the unfortunate reign of James Buchanan and
his late advisers for eight years more. I would
repeat the sad experiment of the " old'public func-
tionary" for a dozen years,"before 1 would con-
sent to murder my country and extinguish'the
patriot's last and dearest hopes.
In regard to the pending question, and others
of a kindred nature, I have only time to say, that
I am ready to vote for the proposition originally
submitted to the Senate,and commonly called the
Crittenden amendments. I will vote, of course,
for the proposition which I had the honor to sub-
mit to the House a few days ago; and, failing in
this, I will support, in good faith, the measures re-
ported by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cokwin]
from the committee of thirty-three. I will support
any one of these, preferring, of course, my own.
And should each and all of these measures fail;
should all other pending propositions be voted
down, I will not then abandon the Union of these
States, and the untold blessings it lavishes upon
the votaries of civil liberty throughout the world.
Failing in each and all of these measures, I will
return home, and link my destinies with those
who are ready to confront disunion. If needs be,
I will meet it with a torch in one hand and a
sword in the other; and so help me God, so long
as the stars and stripes wave over my State, or any
part of it, I will never bow the knee to the storm
of disunion. [Great applause in the galleries.]
Mr. Speaker, let us look impartially for a mo-
ment at some of the leading political events of the
past. They will justify the assertion that, from
the time the Constitution was ordained down to
this hour, no act has been passed by Congress in
regard to slavery anywhere, in the States or Ter-
ritories, which was not dictated or controlled by
the statesmen of the South, demanded by thepub-
lic opinion of the South, or which has not received
the sanction and approval of the leading states-
men of that section of country. The whole policy
of the Federal Government in regard to the gov-
ernment of the Territories, and the slavery ques-
tion in all its bearings, is just such as Mr. Lincoln
will be compelled, by the Constitution and his
oath of office, to enforce. More, sir: it is the pol-
icy which has bcGn initiated and carried into effect
by the Democratic or dominant party of the South.
It has been forced upon the country by them, and
has heretofore met their cordial approval. If I
had time I could demonstrate this by proof. And
just here, Mr. Speaker, as I will not be able to
say all I wish to say within the hour allowed by
the rules of the House, unless by unanimous con-
sent—I will pledge myself, if the House will grant
me an extension of time, not to trouble it again
with any extended remarks during the remaining
few days of the session. Intending to impost?
upon myself a voluntary retirement from public
life at the close of the present Congress, I hope I
may have the permission of the House to be un-
restricted as to time. [Criesof " Go on!" " We
will extend your time!"]
Mr. Speaker, when the Declaration of Inde-
pendence was proclaimed, when the Constitution
was ratified, our western boundary was the Missis-
sippi river. From that day to this, at the instance
of southern statesmen, the aiea of this country
has been vastly enlarged. At the period of inde-
pendence, slavery may be said to have existed
in all the States and Territories. Before this time
slavery had been sanctioned by law throughout
the British possessions of North America, and of
course it remai'ned after the war of the Revolu-
tion. Since that period, as I have already said,
southern policy has controlled the question of
territorial aggrandizement. Whatever territory
the men of the South have asked Congress to ac-
quire, the same has been acquired; whatever pol-
icy her Representatives have advocated, whether
financial or commercial, has generally prevailed;
and in all these protracted struggles growing out
of the slavery question, the just and reasonable
