1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Under the operation of that line the country had
prospered and lived peacefully for upwards of
thirty years. It was canonized in the hearts and
affections of the people, and it was an act of polit-
ical madness to repeal it. The dictum of the Su-
preme Court pronounced it unconstitutional; and
whenever the question comes up in a regular way,
there is no room for doubt but that it will be re-
iterated in regular form. Under that decision,
the South contended for the right to carry slaves,
and have them protected, into all the Territo-
ries of the United States. A great party arose, in
1854, to contest that right, and to limit the South
to the Territories south of 36° 30', and thus vir-
tually to restore the operation, and to hold them
to the compromise of the Missouri line. Now,
if we, in this exigency, do what the Republican
pasty in its origin proposed to do—take the ex-
tension and renewal of that line as the basis of
settlement—in whose mouth does it lie to say
nay? WhatTerritory is affected by such a basis
of settlement? Ail the territory north of the com-
promise line, comprising nine hundred thousand
square miles, is already secured to free labor
despite the dictum of the Supreme Court, the
laws of Congress, and the machinations of politi-
cians. There is a broad expanse of territory lying
west of Arkansas, which is secured to certain In-
dian tribes by treaty stipulations. They have
been removed there from their former homes east
of the Mississippi, and are protected in its pos-
session. It is all that is left to the descendants of
the aborigines of North America; and no man
will be base enough to disturb their right to it.
All that is left, then, about which there is room
for dispute, so long as we retain our present bound-
aries, is the Territory lying south of Kansas and
Utah, extending to the Mexican frontier. This
is known as New Mexico. It contains about two
hundred thousand square miles. The question
upon which the permanencc of* our Government
hinges to-day seems to bo, what shall be the future
condition of this Territory? In his great speech
in the Senate, Mr. Seward says:
" Different foi ins of labor, if slavery is not perverted to
purposes of political ambition, need not constitute an ele-
ment of stnlo in the Confederacy."
The restoration of peace and the stability of
our free institutions would, then, seem to present
considerations of paramount importance to the
solution even of this question.
But, in addition to the Senator's suggestion, the
present status of New Mexico must be taken into
consideration. By the terms of her territorial
act she is privileged to frame her domestic insti-
tutions in her own way, so that they arc not in-
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States. "Whatever institutions, therefore, now
exist there, are there independent of any action
taken by us. Nominally, the Territory has sla-
very in existence; and the census returns show
that there were, last year, one negro man and
eleven negro women held to service there. Its
spread seems impossible. God and nature have
placed barriers to its increase. High mountain
ranges traverse it—their summits covered with
perpetual snow. Artificial irrigation will be re-
quired to cultivate the valleys, for the rivers run
dry in summer. The committee of thirty-three
propose to cut the Gordian knot of our difficul-
ties by admitting this Territory as a State at once,
and alio wing the inhabitants thereof, in accordance
with the letter and spirit of their territorial organ-
ization, in 1850, to form their constitutor?free or
slave. I am not inclined to resist forever, and to
the extremity of breaking up the Confederacy,
her admission if she comes in regular form, with
republican institutions, simply because her peo-
ple, in a legal and constitutional way, indicate
their preference for one kind of labor to another.
It is their business, not mine.
To increase the difficulties in the way of an
honorable adjustment of the perils which threaten
us, we have to combat that most hateful power
in a free country—a fanatical party spirit. The
madness of an irresponsible partisanship holds us
in its grasp; and this portentous sign hangs over
us like a fiery sword in the heavens, terrible to
behold. Although not one member of the Thirty- *
Sixth Congress was chosen to fill a seat here with
reference to the exigency on which we have fallen,
a somewhat general feeling seems to pervade us,
that we must measure our words and square our
action by party platforms. I undertake to say
that if the people had an opportunity to act for
themselves m this emergency, the skies would at
once be found growing clear and bright above us.
Their verdict would be overwhelmingly in favor of
its peaceful and speedy solution; and any party or
platform that stands in the way of such a settle-
ment would sink to that lower deep whence no
hand of resurrection would reach them. But here
is one source of the trouble. The people cannot
be heard, and have no power to make themselves
felt. We are bound hand and foot to the tyranny
of party. All things are viewed from partisan
stand-points, and through party optics. The
power of the people will not be felt until the ballot
boxes again open and send forth their loud thun-
ders. Then, I predict that vengeance, ample and
sufficient, will be taken on the public men and
the parties that assume the responsibility of re-
jecting all offers of adjustment, all propositions for
honorable compromise.
I have heard a good deal said about the Chicago
platform. Our past experience has given me no
great respect for party platforms made in the tu-
mult of a crowded convention. I do not know
of anything in the materials or the mode of con-
struction of the one built at Chicago that entitles
it to more than the ordinary respect. It is, doubt-
less, in the main, an exposition of correct prin-
ciples; but thcic are features in it from which I
dissented before the people, and which I might
expatiate upon here, if it were necessary to my
purpose. I forbear, and content myself with re-
marking that I formerly stood squarely on "the
platform," when the present platform-worshipers
spat upon it to show their utter contempt for
such " an institution !" Not one man in a thou-
sand read your Chicago platform. It did not
decide the election. There never had been a dis-
tinct Republican State organization in Pennsyl-
vania; and her electoral vote was controlled by
other questions and interests besides the general
one of slavery extension. The Democratic party
was divided; the rank and file were disgusted
with the rascalities of the present Administration,
and were anxious for any change. The masses
of all parties looked forward to a change in the rev-
enue policy of the Government which would recog-
nize the industrial interests of our State, arid had
unbounded confidence in the honesty and eminent
fitness of Abraham Lincoln for the presidential
office
I know very well that there is a large and influ-
ential element in the country which is adverse to
all and every proposition which looks to concilia-
tion, even with the borderaswell as the seceding
States. That element desires the overthrow of
the institution of slavery in the States, regardless
of constitutional provisions. There are, to-day,
men in New England and South Carolina who
are affiliating in their actions, if not in their mo-
tives, to prevent the consummation of any adjust-
ment here or elsewhere. They dread nothing so
much as kind words. They rejoice in the fulfill-
ment of their long-cherished purposes. Pennsyl-
vania repudiates these extreme men and opinions,
and will stand by the compact, with all its com-
promises and in all its parts.
All your legislation is founded on compromises.
Every concession, every amendment, every modi-
fication, is a compromise; and if you resorted
to the dread arbiter of civil war to settle your
difficulties, you would finally come to a compro-
mise. When your thirst for blood has been sur-
feited, you must finally treat, negotiate, yield
something, and agree to something; which some-
thing will be a compromise. I do not mean now
to argue any of the various propositions pending
in the Senate and House, nor to commit myself
entirely to either of them. My purpose is chiefly
to avow my willingness to come to some fair un-
derstanding with the loyal men of the South, as
well as to announce my determination to see the
laws executed on the disloyal.
But I may as well, in this connection, state an
insuperable objection to the annexation of more
territory, and the positive establishment of sla-
very there by constitutional provision. Instead
of being a compromise, and settling the vexed
question, such a provision would prove a fount-
am of bitter waters, forever lead to filibustering
foiays on neighboring territory, and renew the
warfare now raging so fiercely. In 1810 Mexico
abolished slavery; and if it be our manifest destiny,
as some contend, to absorb and annex that coun-
try, I will not agree, in advance, to blight it with
slavery.
If all efforts at compromise fail, -I feel inclined
to support a proposition to submit the whole con-
troversy to the people. As I have already said,
we were not elected in view of the present emer-
gency; and if we fail to meet it, let the people—
the source of all power—make the final decision.
In this respect, 1 adopt the language of the Pres-
ident elect:
" If the people desire to rail a convention to remove any
grievances complained of, or to give nefv guarantees tVr
the permanence of vested rights, it Is not mine to oppose."
Honest and true, his genial heart embraces his
whole country. And whatever the madness -of
the hour may suggest, we may be assured that,
having been inaugurated, he will be President of
the United States, fend will see that from our flag
no star shall fall; and, by his wise and firm ad-
ministration,will satisfy the country and the world
that, while the Republican party are devoted to
"Union and liberty, one and indivisible,they
arc no less devoted to the sovereignty of the States
—to the maintenance of all the rights of the feeblest
sovereignty.
Let us resolve, so far as we are concerned—as
Webster resolved in the commencement of his
negotiation with Ashburton—thatthecolitroversy
must have a peaceful solution. There is no suf-
ficient reason for a contrary result. No State has
more at stake than Pennsylvania; and yet, such
is the tyrannical course of events, that before her
people are conscious of the fact, she may be forced
into hostile array against the States on her south-
ern border. The tide of events, if not arrested by
some healing compromise, will carry those States
into the secession current, and we shall assume
toward each other the attitude of belligerent and
hostile parties. This, not from any quarrel be-
tween ourselves, but in subserviency to a com-
paratively remote and abstract interest. The Gulf
States may conveniently defy New England,and
New England may in turn hurl back defiance.
Their war cry is cheaply uttered. They do the
blustering, while the middle States are expected
to furnish the battle-grounds. Are we in Penn-
sylvania willing to play the part assigned to us
in any such drama? With the case fairly pre-
sented to them, the people will answer with over-
whelming unanimity in the negative. They are
weary of fine-spun theories, and look for patriotic
action. In my judgment, they are ready and
willing to assent to a fair and reasonable compro-
mise, which will enable the border slave States to
throttle, in the Union the monster of secession,
before ho succeeds in enfolding them in his deadly
coils. The gulf that yawns upon us is not so
wide that it cannot be spanned by conciliation,
nor yet so deep that it cannot be fathomed by
mutual forbearance.
I was reared to regard all Americans as my
brethren, and the Union as a sacred legacy held
in trust for your children and mine. No man can
be false to it without being false to his kindred,
his country, and his God. Let no such man bo
trusted. He is fit for treasons, stratagems, and
spoils. Destroy it, and the goddess of Liberty
will desert your temple, or linger in it only to die
with the expiring fires upon her altars. Destroy
it, and the starry flag under which our fathers
fought the battles of freedom becomes the winding-
sheet of all our glorious memories in the past, our
prosperity in the present, and our hopes in the
future.
Men of Kentucky, your leader in this great
crisis has come clown to us from a former genera-
tion. His hair is snowy with age; his limbs aro
enfeebled with longserviccin our country's cause.
In the order of nature, he will soon be gathered
to his fathers. His will be a glorious end;
" For none can claim a name so proud
As he whose flag becomes his shroud! "
He is the last of his school; that school of pa-
triots which the Whig party gave to the country.
He is worthy to wear the mantle of the immortal
Clay; and a higher compliment, a more fitting
eulogy, it is not in the power of man to pronounce.
Stand by him in his last and greatest effort for the
peace and Union of his whole country. Your
gallant State cheers you on in the good work. We
will meet you halfway in the spirit which ani-
mates him, and success must crown our united
efforts for the restoration of peace and good will.
Men of Maryland, you are theaentinels guarding
