114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 2S,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Etheridge.
Ho. op Keps.
demands and guarantees required by us have been
given. Perhaps m some cases men of extreme
views have not been gratified; but every pro-
tracted struggle lias resulted in what has been re-
garded as southern triumphs, or acquiesced in as
fail? legislative enactments. And this has occurred
when the northern States l\ad a large represent-
ative majority. These facts should certainly be
considered by those who are told that the Federal
Government is a curse, and disunion a blessing.
The; purchase of the Louisiana territory—a
slaveholding country—was made at the instance
of the people of the South. Three slave and two
fre£ States*have already been formed within its
limits. Its area was great. It now has vast re-
sources, and in a few brief years it will have the
wealth and population of a mighty empire. Fifty
years hence, it will be more powerful in all that
constitutes a State than was France when Napo-
leon, flushed with victory, first looked upon the
*' sun of AusterJitz." It was acquired, I repeat,
by the negotiations of a southern President—
northern Representatives generously voting with
those of the South to advise the treaty and to con-
tribute the purchase money. Subsequently, in
181U, we purchased Florida, m which slavery then
and now4exists. I mention Florida with some-
what of sorrow, I will not say with shame. But
afew years ago the statesmen of this country were
clamorous that Florida should be purchased by
the Federal Government. For what purpose ?
Because, said they, that peninsula belongs to a
foreign Power. It is part and parcel of this con-
tinents.- it is geographically a part of the United
States; it commands the entrance to the Gulf of
Mexico, and its hostile eye frowns upon our in-
creasing commerce—it must be ours. And, sir,it
was purchased—purchased at a cost of $5,000,000.
We have expended nearly fifty million in subdu-
ing and removing the savages. Millions more
have been expended in erecting beacons and fort-
ifications along her reefs, to protect the commerce
of the whole country. Yet, after all these large
expenditures, Florida, with but little over half the
number of the voting population of the district I
represent, secedes—goes out of the Union—carry-
ing with her, not only our public lands, but the
forts,arsenals, and fortifications which were placed
there by this Government for the benefit of the
whole Union. And worse still: she breaks the
unity of our Government, and destroys the pres-
tige which lias attended her glorious career. I
can better pardon South Carolina, for she was one
of the glorious " old thirteen;" but little Florida
—which to-day has barely population sufficient
to protect herself from the alligators within her
borders—is wholly without apology. Florida,
like Louisiana, was purchased by the aid of north-
ern Representatives, and paid for by the money
of all of our people; yet, without a single griev-
ance, she is to destroy the Union of these States,
to which she owes her very existence.
Gentlemen will pardon me if I speak plainly,
for I feel that I plead the cause of my whole
country. Indeed I would deserve to forfeit the good
opinion of the people who sent me here, were I
4o attempt to avoid the responsibilities of the hour.
They will be best met by dealing with them in n
frank and candid spirit.
1 begin next with the acquisition of Texas,
another slaveholding region. We admitted her
into the then happy family of States, and wel-
comed her people to our embrace when they sought
the protection of our national flag. And this ic-
minds us of her early trials, and recalls the vicis-
situdes of her hero chieftain. I allude, of course,
to General Houston, whose old age is now devo-
ted to the preservation of the Federal Union. His
life, though protracted through two generations,
has been historic at every step; but its subhmest
hour is now. History tells of reluctant exiles
who returned to their native land with the aven-
ging torch and sword; but history furnishes but
one Houston. His exile was voluntary. He
abandoned fame and honors, when tendered by
his State; he returned tottering with the weight
of years, and the load of empire he laid down
at your feet. In his exile he still loved the ilag
ofhis native land. Distance and banishment had
impressed him with a truer sense of its protecting
power, and he clings to it still. The taunt of
"submissionist" and "hoary-headed traitor"
have not, I trust it never will, cause him to aban-
don it to its foes.
The annexation of Texas led, finally,to a war
with Mexico—a war against which, as you know,
many of the people of the North protested. This
is abundantly proved by reference to the political
history of that day. The people of the South,
generally, demanded that this should be the occa-
sion of annexing a large part of Mexico, and it
was done. The ratification of the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo extended your area to the Pacific
ocean. Thus had the old thirteen States expanded,
until now we stretch from the torrid zone of the
south to the frozen regions of the north, while on
the east and west we are met by the returning
waves of the two great oceans of.the world. This
is the country which party madness would sus-
pend upon the passions of the hour. Behold it,
with all its vast resources, its rivers and lakes, its
mountains and mineral wealth ! Though in its
infancy, it is greater in all the elements of endur-
ing power and more advanced in a high civiliza-
tion than was the Roman Empire, when her im-
perial eagles were hovering around the pillar of
Hercules. The hand of disunion must be stayed.
OiH1 country must not perish while its monuments
are yet unfinished and the soldiers of the Revolu-
tion survive.
Again: in 1793 the South demanded the passage
of a law by Congress for the return of fugitive
slaves. It was promptly passed. In 1850 you
complained of its inefficiency, and demanded a
more stringent one. It was granted. It has been
faithfully enforced by the Federal Government.
Even disunionists admit this to be so. What
more ? In 1820, a majority of Representatives
from the southern States voted for the Missouri
compromise. In the Senate, among southern Sen-
ators, the vote was ten to one in its favor. So
unmistakably satisfactory was it at the time, that
Mr. Pmckney, of South Carolina—then so emi-
nent and distinguished—declared that it was re-
garded as u agreat southern triumph." The pub-
lic men of the South, who secured the adoption
of that compromise, were, until recently, pro-
claimed u public benefactors."
In 1854, the same men who are now clamorous
for disunion demanded the repeal of that com-
promise; and it was accomplished by the aid of
northern votes. You Repealed it, time-honored
as it was, and inaugurated the new doctrine of
popular sovereignty, or non-interference on the
part of Congress; which doctrine is in full force
to-day in all the organized Territories. That prin-
ciple was embodied in laws enacted by the Rep-
resentatives from the South, and which, repeat-
edly since 1850,has been ratified at the polls; and
the whole Democratic party of the country have
solemnly pledged themselves to stand by it as a
final settlement. The Kansas-Nebraska bill was
the pet measure of those who now compose the
mam army of the secoders—demanded by the
Democratic party of the South, and, unfortunately
for the country, yielded by their allies at the
North.
True, in 1850 you demanded that the Missouii
compromise line, with additional guarantees,
should be extended to the Pacific ocean, and 1
frankly confess it was refused hy the North; hut
you secured the compromise measures of 1850,
which most of the public, men of the South de-
clared were better " m substance and principle,"
than the measures which had been refused. These
compromise measures of 1850 were ratified with
singular unanimity by all those, North and South,
who, in 185^, voted for Mr. Pierce and General
Scott for the Presidency. Indeed, the two great
political parties of that day pledged themselves to
abide by these measiues, as an honorable and fair
adjustment of the whole subject of slavery in the
Territories. And all these measures are yet un-
touched, and in full force to-day. I ask again,
then, whatprinciple or policy—what public meas-
ure—have the people of the South ever urged upon
the Federal Government, which has been denied?
1 answer, none. It is true that the politicians,
during the last ycor, demanded that the Federal
Government, which, as a iule, has never legislated
for or against slavery—which is neither pro-sla-
very nor anti-slavery; which has abolished sla-
very in some Territories, and protected it m
others—should reverse its former policy, and that
slavery should be protected by Congress upon
every square inch of the organized Territories of
the United States, without any regard whatever to
the will of the people of the Territories, although
they might have abolished it by legislative enact-
ment. This demand, which no reasonable man
could have expected to be yielded, was rejected
by a majority of millions.
The issue was made in the last presidential elec-
tion, in the most pointed manner. The result was
precisely what its advocates and opponents alike
desired and expected. In that contest nearly two
million men voted for Mr. Lincoln; nearly two
million for Mr. Douglas, and about three quarters
of a million for Mr. Bell. All those who adhered
to Lincoln and Douglas, and a large majority of
those who sustained Mr. Bell, declared against
it—against demanding this impossibility of the
Federal Congress. Breckinridge only received
about eight hundred thousand votes, being in a
popular minority, even in the slave States; so that
the advocates of congressional legislation to pro-
tect slavery in the free Territories—including all
those who voted for Breckinridge—were in a mi-
nority of more than three million. And this worth-
less abstraction—so impossible to obtain in or out
of the Union—is the only demand which has been
made by any respectable portion of the people of
the South, which Congress has denied. I am not
alone in the belief that this plank was inserted
in their platform by the original ser.eders at Bal-
timoie, for no other or higher purpose than to
strengthen the cause of disunion in the South. In
proof of this I will say, the Federal Government
has been in operation nearly eighty years, and
up to this hour, so far as 1 know, no southern
member of Congress has so much as introduced
a bill to provide for the protection of slavery in
the free Territories of the United States. Yet
southern politicians now propose to dissolve the
Union, because a majority of three million voters
have decided that non-intervention by Congress
shall be its policy in regard to slavery in our ori-
ginal Territories, in preference to the new dogma
of congressional protection. To the doctrine of
non-intervention a large portion of the Republi-
can party are willing to subscribe. But were they
not willing to do so, it is well known that, if the
members from the seceding States were to remain
at their posts, no proposition could pass Congress,
during Mr. Lincoln's administration, for the ab-
olition of slavery in the Territories, the District
of Columbia, or in any place within the jurisdic-
tion of Congiess. Notwithstanding they have
seceded, it cannot be done now. I undertake to
say that the wisest men of the Republican party
do not di?sire*to attempt any such thing.
It is worthy of observation, Mr. Speaker, that
every argument of a disumomst may be success-
fully met and refuted by the complaints of an-
other. 1 will submit one example, which is a fair
specimen of all the rest: It is said by one that he
desires to overthrow the Government for the pur-
pose of expanding slavery; that there will be,
within the next fifty years, twenty or thirty mil-
lion slaves in the southern States, and that st'lf-
preservation requires us to anticipate this, and to
secure area for the spread of the nejjro population,
which will then be crowded into the slave region.
To this another replies: that the South now has
sufficient territory—many more square miles than
the free States; and he desires disunion to reopen
the African slave trade, to procure additional labor
for the vast, unsettled regions we now have. His
motto is "more negroes from Africa." The truth
is,the South needs no forced or sudden expan-
sion. What is the true reason that you do not
form and people slave States as rapidly as free
States2 It is not from want of territory, as you
know. It proceeds from causes which no human
power can avoid or control. Not only soil and
climate, but population, are against you. To keep
pace with the rapid strides of the free States, you
■ must first repeal that law of nature, which is old^r
than Lincoln afid stronger than the Republican
platform, Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish
the eaith." [Laughter.] You nave not the pop-
ulation now, nor have you, as the North has, a
heavy immigration from Europe. For years you
have given that immigration your encouragement,
and it now pours in unbroken current upon your
tempting public domain.
