698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the portals that lead to the ark of our political
covenant. Your noble Executive has encouraged
the hearts and warmed the patriotism of loyal
men everywhere by carrying the Bag and keeping
a firm step to the music of the Union in this moat
critical juncture. Wheneverl pass through your
monumental city, I gaze with emotions of pride
on the memorials of patriotism which adorn its
streets like altars of devotion. As I look upon
the mute but eloquent statue of the Father of his
Country, I congratulate myself that so long as it
stands looking down upon the people of Mary-
land, it will plead " trumpet-tongued against the
deep damnation "ofdisunipn; and God grant that,
so long as that statue shall remain upon its pedes-
tal, Maryland may prove loyal to the Constitu-
tion !
And now, Mr. Speaker, I have done. God
grant that I have spoken a word in season. The
responsibility of my action weighs heavily on my
heart. Regarding the dismemberment of my coun-
try not only as the greatest of all political evils,
but as the one that combines them all in one, I
could not stifle the utterance of my convictions.
Other misfortunes may be borne, or their cffects
overcome. Your commerce may be swept from
the sea; another generation will renew it. Your
Treasury may be bankrupt; future industry will
replenish it. Your fields maybe desolated; in
the good providence of God they will again grow
green, and ripen future harvests. Your Capitol,
beneath whose proud and majestic proportions
the American people this day sit in august coun-
cil, in the persons of their chosen representatives,
may crumble, and its lofty pillars fall; all,all may
be rebuilt and renewed. But who shall recon-
struct the fabric of demolished Government ? "Who
shall rear again the well-adjusted and equally-
balanced columns of constitutional liberty ? Who
shall frame togetherthe skillful architecture which
now unites national sovereignty with State rights
—the liberties of the people with the stability of
the Government?
The House was then addressed by Messrs.
Q.UARLES and WILSON. [Their speeches
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HUGHES obtained the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I insist that I addressed the
Chair before the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. HOLMAN. To settle the difficulty be-
tween the gentleman from Illinois and the gentle-
man from Maryland, I suggest that, by unani-
mous consent, the gentleman from Illinois be
allowed to follow the gentleman from Maryland
in the morning.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. I am content.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Thereupon the House (at ton o'clock and ten
minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 2, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of mer-
chants and ship-owners of Portland, Maine, and
its vicinity, praying that, in the adjustment of the
tariff bill now before Congress, tea and coffee,
when imported from any country east of the Cape
of Good Hope, may be admitted free of duty;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. B1GLER presented a petition of citizens
of Adams county, Pennsylvania; a petition, of
citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania; a
petition of citizens of Juniata county, Pennsyl-
vania; and two petitions of citizens of Montgom-
ery county, Pennsylvania, severally praying for
the adoption of the compromise measures pro-
posed by Mr. Crittenden; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FITCH presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Laporte county, Indiana,
held at Huntsman's Hall, on the 18th of January,
18G1, indorsing and recommending the adoption
of the compromise measures proposed by Mr.
Crittenden; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented two memorials of citizens
of Clinton county, Indiana, praying the settle-
ment of the present national difficulties by the
prohibition of slavery north of the. parallel of 36°
30' north latitude, and recognizing its existence
south of that line; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented eighteen petitions
of citizens of Philadelphia, praying Congress to
stand firm for thcUnion,the Constitution asitis,
and the enforcement of the laws; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Healso presented apetition of citizensof North-
umberland county, Pennsylvania, praying the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by Mr. Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented two petitions of inhabitants
of Huntington and Pulton counties, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Mount Union to McConnelsburg, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Bur Oak, St. Joseph county, Michigan,
praying Congress to ascertain whether we have a
Government defacto, and if so, that measures may
be taken for the immediate apprehension and con-
finement of all persons presenting themselves at
the scat of the Federal Government, under the
pretense of being commissioners from the inde-
pendent government of South Carolina, or any
other State belonging to this Confederacy, until
a legal investigation can be had, based upon a
charge of treason against the United States; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Lynchburg, Ohio, praying the adoption of the
compromise measures proposed by Mr. Critten-
den; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mor-
gan county, Ohio, praying that the compromise
measures proposed by lion. Mr. Crittenden
may be adopted; which was ordered to he on the
table.
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yesterday offered a res-
olution preparatory to counting the votes for Pres-
ident and Vice President; the consideration of
which was objected to by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I desire to have that resolution called
up; and if there is to be opposition to counting
the votes for President and Vice President, let us
know it.
Mr. BIGLER. I made the objection simply
because I desired to go on with other business.
That was my only reason.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to; and the Senate"proceeded to consider it. It is
as follow
Resolved, That a committee be appointed by the Presi-
dent of tiie Senate, to consist of three members, to join
such committee as may be appointed by the House of Rep-
resentative-:, to asopitain and l-epoit a mode for examining
the votes tor President and Vice President of the United
States, and notifying tiie persons chosen of their election.
The resolution was adopted; and Mr. Trum-
bull, Mr. Foot, and Mr. Latham were ap-
pointed the committee on the part of the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
555) providing for a settlement of the accounts of
the contractors for the erection of the United
States marine hospital at New Orleans, Louisiana;
which was read twice by its title and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 524)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register to the schooner Perseverance, of Ogdens-
burg, State of New York, reported it w'ithout
amendment.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 299) for the payment of ex-
penses incurred in the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities in the State of California, reported it with-
out amendment.
MOSES MEEKER.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 341) for the relief of Moses Meeker, have
instructed me to report in favor of the passage of
the bill; and I ask that it be put on its passage
now. The report is very short; or I can state, in
a few words, what the bill is.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
instruct the Secretary of the Treasury to ascer-
tain, as in the case of John P. B. and Henry
Gratiot,what amount, if any, of rent was exacted
by the United States agents of lead mines from
Moses Meeker for lead mined and smelted upon
thelands of the Ottawa, Pottawatomie, Chippewa,
Winnebago, or other tribes of Indians, prior to
their purchase by the United States, and to pay
such amount as may be legally proved to have
been actually paid by Moses Meeker.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Before we purchased the
Indian lands in Wisconsin, this Moses Meeker,
as early as 1825, under some arrangement with
the Indians, went on the mineral lands, and mined
and smelted lead. One of the agents of the United
States assumed the authority to compel him to
pay over a part of the lead as rent, which he had
no authority to do. Under this requirement, he
paid over to the Government of the United States
one hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds of
lead, before we ever purchased or owned the lands.
Thocommittcerecommendthatit shall be repaid to
him. There were one hundred and twenty-five
thousand pounds of lead, the value of which, by
the bill, the Secretary of the Treasury is to ascer-
tain and pay.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
APPEAL IN COPYRIGHT CASES.
Mr. BAYAR.D. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 554) to extend the right of appeal
from decisions of circuit courts to the Supreme
Court of the United States, to report it back with
amendments; and I ask, also, for its presentcon-
sideration. The -amendments are very slight.
The passage of the bill is really of importance to
the administration of justice.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that from all judgmentsand
decrees of any circuit court rendered in any ac-
tion, suit, controversy, or case, at law or in equity,
under any law of the United States granting or
confirming to authors the exclusive right to their
respective writings, a writ of error or appeal, as
the case may require, shall lie to the Supreme
Court of the United States, in the same manner
and under the same circumstances as is now pro-
vided by law in other judgments and decrees of
the circuit courts, and in ail other cases in which
an injunction is awarded or granted by the decree,
and also in all other cases in which the courtshall
deem it reasonable to allow the writ of error or
appeal.
The Secretary read the amendments of the
committee, which are, in line five, after the word
"equity," to insert "arising;" in lines eleven
and twelve, to strike out "in all other cases in
which an injunction is awarded or granted by the
decree, and also;" and in lines thirteen and four-
teen, to strike out the words " writ of error or
appeal,"and insert the word "same;''so that the
bill will read:
That from alt judgments and decrees of any circuit court
rendered in any action, suit, eontioveisy, oj case, at law
or in equity, arising umlei any law of the United States
granting or confirming to authors the exclusive right to
their respective writings, a writ of ciror or appeal, as the
ease may require, shall he to the Supreme Court of the
United Slates, in the same manner and underthe same cir-
cumstances as is now provided by law in other judgments
and decrees of such circuit courts, and m all other cases in
which thecouit slialldeein it reasonable to allow the same.
Mr. BAYARD. The only object of the amend-
ments is simply to do what the House of Repre-
sentatives intended to do. The object of the whole
bill is to placo parties who enjoy a copy-right, on
any question arising underthe laws of the Uni-
ted States, in the same position as the holder of
a patent right; that is, that he may take an appeal,
without reference to the amount, in cases arising
under any law of Congress granting a copy-right.
That is tiie whole effect of the bill. The amend-
ments are to limit it to that.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
