■116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harris.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The House has
already given its consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood that the con-
sent of all sides of the House was obtained that
my colleague should be allowed to proceed be-
yond his hour.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. No objection was made.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a point
of order. 1 addressed the Chair first when the
hammer fell upon the gentleman from Tennessee,
and I am entitled to the floor. 1 have no objec-
tion to the gentleman proceeding, if that be the
wish of the House; but I desire to have the floor,
if I am entitled to it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
assigned the floor to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MAYNARD. My colleague applied to
the House during his remarks, ana made certain
pledges, upon which he obtained the unanimous
consent of the House to proceed with his remarks.
There was not a dissenting voice. He afterwards
gave way to the gentleman from Ohio, under the
pledge which was then made.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman did not ask
unanimous consent.
Mr.JETHERIDGE. I ask, then, only the few
minutes I think I am entitled to, and which I lost
when I yielded to the gentleman from Ohio
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is objection
made ?
Mr. WINSLOW. It is better to stop this thing
in the beginning; and unless the hour rule is sus-
pended generally, I must object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a point
of order. It is, that the instant the hammer of
the Speaker fell, I addressed the Chair, and was
entitled to be recognized.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair under-
stands the rule to be, that when more than one
gentleman rises at the same lime, it is the prov-
ince of the Chair to assign the floor. The Chair,
observing several members rising at the same
moment, assigned the floor to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I must submit
to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WINSLOW. In order to accommodate
the gentleman from Tennessee, I propose that, by
unanimous consent, the hour rule be abolished
during this discussion.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I now insist upon the few
minutes which I lost by interruptions. [Cries of
"Go on!" "Go on!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is objection
made?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a point of
order. It is this: that, by unanimous consent of
the House, permission was gi veil to the gentleman
from Tennessee to conclude his remarks upon an
intimation that he would not occupy the floor at
any other time during this session. When he
made that proposition there was not a solitary
objection to it in the House; and hence objection
now comes too late.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not understand that any such assent was yielded
by the House.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will relieve the House.
I ask that I may occupy the remainder of my hour,
and then I will resume my scat.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I have ob-
jected to it time and again.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
can proceed only by unanimous consent,
Mr. GROW. I would inquire if the time occu-
pied in interruptions has been deducted from the
gentleman's hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nothing was
stated by the Chair one way or the other.
Mr. GrROW. The gentleman from Tennessee
declined to yield for interruptions, unless they
were to be deducted from his time.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Nothing
was said about the extension of his time at all.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman yielded the floor
with the understanding that the time occupied by
the interruptions should be deducted from his hour,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. When I requested
the gentleman from Tennessee to yield for a ques-
tion, his answer was, " I will yield, provided it
does not come out of my time."
Mr. GROW. And nobody objected to that
agreement.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think that what-
ever time was occupied in the dialogue between
him and myself ought to be allowed him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair heard
no such statement, but will allow the gentleman
from Tennessee to proceed for five minutes.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will not, after what has
just occurred, detain the House but a moment.
I will conclude by saying, that I shall vote for the
proposition of the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden;] I shall, as I have be-
fore said, vote for the proposition submitted by
myself, and if these fail, I shall sustain the meas-
ures reported by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Corwin.] Sir, I will vote for anything which
will relieve the public mind from the painful ap-
prehensions under which it now labors. If any-
thing of this kind can pass this Congress—and I
do not despair—it will do my heart good to know
that the tide of revolution has been thereby stayed.
But, as I have already stated, if nothing is finally
done, I will go home to my people; I will throw
myself in "the imminent deadly breach," and re-
sist the storm of disunion to the last; and, sir, if
the worst must come to the worst, if 1 am to be
dragged to the fearful precipice and made the re-
luctant victim or the unwilling observer of my
country's ruin, I now, in advance, wash my hands
of the shame and the crime which will attach to
those who would overthrow the public liberty to
erect a despotism upon its ruins. Sir, where the
flag of my country floats, there I will go. I will
cling to it in this dark hour of its peril, with that
sacred trust and confidence a saint must feel in
clinging to his God. [Great applause in the gal-
leries.]
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH or HON. J. M. HARRIS,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
January 29, 1861.
The House haviijjr under consideration the report from
the select committee ot* thirty-throe—
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, said:
Mr. Speaker: Wlien the future historian comes
to write out the annals of our times, ho will be
amazed at the magnitude of the events that are
now transpiring;,and the comparative insufficiency
of the causes which gave them birth. He will
contemplate a nation stretching over more than
half a continent, rich with all the varieties of
climate, infinite m the extent of its diversified
resources, and signalized by the march of a devel-
opment- unequakd in the history of the woild.
He will see that, in less than a century, the weak
dependencies of the British Crown have swelled
into the colossal proportions of multiplied sov-
ereignties, and that through the fiery baptism of
successful war, and enriched by the guerdons of
honorable peace, the nation has attained a position
of substantial greatness that eclipses the proudest
empires of antiquity, and rivals the most splendid
nationalities of the present time. Great will bk
his amazement when he sees—at the moment
the nation has reached so eminent a point in her
career; when in the full maturity of her powers,
and the undisturbed enjoyment of her wonderful
resources, the ships of her adventurous commerce
are sweeping over every ocean, and her arts, her
sciences, and her civilization, are putting her in
the vanguard of the nations, and when an emulous
world is beginning to regard her as a fixed and
stable illustration of the capacity of man for per-
fect freedom—the whole Government suddenly
disintegrate and fall to pieces like some house of
cards built up for the toying of a child; arid, sir,
when, with earnest solicitude and deep curiosity,
he seeks to discover the grave causes which have
led to so disastrous a result, and finds that they
have all sprung from the empty rivalries af politi-
cal parties and the inability of our boasted states-
manship to solve the problem of the status of a
Territory as to slavery or freedom, the verdict of
impartial history will be, that the discovered
causes afforded no reasons for the secession of a
single State, none whatever for the disruption of
the American Union. [Applause.] Greater than
all else will be his amazement at the fact that,
amid the thunderous tread of the earthquake that
was shaking down the very pillars of the Repub-
lic, the Representatives of the people satin the
quietude of an insane indifference, and that thirty
million American freemen failed to vindicate them-
selves by giving practical illustration to the verity
of the maxim, that " the voice of the people is the
voice of God." [Applause.]
Mr. Speaker, we are living in the very midst
of these great enactments; we are, in this House
of Congress, the body of men upon whom the pe-
culiar circumstances of the times have devolved
the great responsibility of either settling the dif-
ficulties which are rending the country, or of giv-
ing additional impulse to the storm which is now
sweeping it into ruin. I was no little surprised
when the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etii-
eridge] the other day suggested to this House
the idea of its irresponsibility under these circum-
stances, and its inability to do anything to heal
the troubles of the times. [ differ with him wholly.
I say that the verdict of posterity will be—ay,
sir, I believe the prompt and nearer verdict of this
American people, when it is fully aroused to the
extent of its danger and the negligence hitherto
of its Representatives, will be—that the grave re-
sponsibility of national salvation or national per-
dition rests upon you, the Representatives of that
people, now in Congress assembled.
So far, sir, as the views 1 shall present of this
question are concerned, I desire it to be under-
stood that I address you, individually and collect-
ively, as men who hold in your hands, v<.ry
largely, if not entirely, the safety or the rum of
my country.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to discuss, be-
fore gentlemen who so fully understand them, the
past events of our history as between this or that
political party, that I may clearly point out to
them who first began the agitation of the great
questions which have brought the country into
these perils. Sir, I th ink it idle, and worse than idle,
for us, at such a time, to be talking in the face of
the people about the origin of these evils, and upon
whom the responsibility for them rests. What
matters it to me to-day, whether it was the lust of
power and the unscrupulous ambition of the old
Dcmociatic paity, that induced it to stir up this
agitation of the slavery question, that it might
catch the popular car, win the popular vote, gain
the control of the politics, and wield the power of
the country? What matters it to me that the
Republican party, planting itself upon the issues
they presented, and availing itself of all the va-
rious exciting questions which have arisen, has
swelled into the magnitude of its present strergth
and poweiful position? What matters it, I say,
to me, whether it is the sin of the Democratic
party, or the sin of the Republican party? The
great question is, no t upon whom the responsibility
originally rested, but upon whom the more terri-
ble responsibility of the future shall rest. And
that will fall assuredly, and with crushing weight,
upon that party, or that set of men in this coun-
try, who do not rise now above the paltriness of
mere party trammels and prejudices, and prove
themselves equal to the great question of whether
and how this nation shall be saved.
Why, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen rise in their
places here, and, with the coolness with which
men meet some recondite in vcstigation,and which,
under other circumstances, would do them credit,
go into all the details of the rise and progress
of all these political issues tending to our present
condition; and speculate with a nicety of philo-
sophical inquiry, and a force of logical deduction,
as to how much responsibility rests upon then-
party, and how much must be visited upon the
opposite party, as if they held the perils of their
country unworthy to be remembered As well
might the traveler upon some Alpine pass, when
he hears the premonitory crash of the coming ava-
lanche, pause upon the narrow ledge that hangs
over the abyss, and speculate philosophically upon
the causes in nature which have started the pon-
derous mass from its resting place of ages, as for
the American people, or their Representatives, to
stop in this rush of affairs to go into this nice
