702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
means. I believe that is her situation.- I am told
it is, by an authority upon whom I perfectly rely.
What we have done may have been wrong; but
if it is, I think we had better pay up and conclude
this matter at once; settle according to the error,
and be done with it, and do so no more.
Mr. BAYARD. I do notdesire to continue the
debate, but simply to read an extract from the
Journal of the Senate, which is very material in
the view of the Senator from Kentucky, as an
evidence of the motives and reasons that influence
legislative bodies. I do not know what was said
or commonly talked about. I suppose the reports
will show it if it was said publicly; but I do know
the story the Journal tells. On page 488 of the
Journal it appears that—
"Mr. Fessenden, from the Committee on Finance, to
whom were referred the amendments ot the Senate to the
biil of the House of Representatives (No. 400) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1860, disagreed to by the
House, and the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to other amendments of the Senate to the said bilJ,
reported thereon.
"The Senate proceeded to consider the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the second and third
amendments of the Senate to the said bill; and
"On motion by Mr. Fessenden,
"Resolved* That the Senate concur in the said amend-
ments.
"The Senate proceeded to consider its fourth amend-
ment to the said bill disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, as follows, insert:
"To enable the Secretary of the Senate to comply with
the Senate's resolution of the 20ih ofMaich, 1860, in rela-
tion to mileage to be paid to Mrs. E. A. Linn, widow of
the late Senator Lewis F. Linn, $2,672.
" On motion by Mr. Fessenden, that the Senate recede
from its said amendment,
" It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 37, nays 8.
It seems to me, therefore, that the action of the
Senate, appearing on its Journal, shows that it
intended that the money should be paid by a spe-
cific appropriation. The original resolution was
passed, as many are, introduced without objec-
tion, by unanimous conscnt,as it is called, no at-
tention called to it; and the day it was introduced, it
was passed by the Senate—being a mere order of
this bodyalone. Subsequently the Committee on
Finance reported the amendment I have read,
being desirous of giving effect, to the order ac-
cording to law. The House of Representatives
saw fit to reject the amendment, and when the
question came to the Senate they assented to the
decision of the House of Representatives, on the
yeas and nays,by 37 to 8.
Mr. HUNTER. As my name has been con-
nected with this matter, I will say a word. I had
a communication with Mr. Fitzpatrick on the
subject. I wrote no letter about it; but it seems I
tola him that 1 supposed it was compulsory on
the officers of the Senate to comply with the or-
ders of the Senate; but after an examination of
the question, the Committee on Finance thought
differently, and the amendment which has been
referred to was introduced by the Finance Com-
mittee, showing eleaily that they thought it re-
quired an appropriation in order to legalize it. I
have not looked nt the yeas and nays; but I ex-
pect I was one of those who voted to rcccdc even
from that amendment.
Mr, GWfN. I hope the Senate will take up
the Indian appropriation bill now. It was made
the special order for one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to refer the resolution of the Senator
from New Hampshire, the letter of the Secretary,
and the communication of the Comptroller, to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE tfROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clot *k,announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 1268)
for the relief of Mary K. Guthrie, widow ofPres-
,ey N. Guthrie,
Tiie message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (No. 896) for the relief of D. D. Har-
nll;
A bill (No 972) authorizing a loan; and
A joint resolution (No. 5) authorizing the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury'to re-
vise and adjust the accounts of John Randolph
Clay, United States minister to Peru.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The messagefurtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 919) for the relief of F. M.
Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townsend;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting an invalid
pension to William G-. Bernard, late a soldier in
the United States Army; and
A bill (S. No. 64) to authorize the extension
and use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun,
and Hampshire railroad within the city of George-
town.  /
INDIAN, APPROPRIATION BILL. V
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. 865)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending Juno 30, 1862.
Mr. PITCH. I am directed by the Committee
on Indian Affairs to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 27, line six hundred and
thirty-three, after the appropriations in the bill for
the Pottawatomies:
For ^appropriation of this amount due the Pottawato-
mies of Indiana, the Pottawatomies of the Prairie, the Pot-
tawatomies of Washliasli, included in the warrant No. 19
of the War Department, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1847, bein? balances of appropriations to fulfill treaty stip-
ulations for payment of annuities, carried to thesuiplus
fund, $42,905 60, to be paid to the said Indians daring the
current fiscal year. „
It will be perceived by the Senate that this is a
mere reappropriation of money which has been
carried to the surplus fund from the ordinary an-
nuities payable to Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the folio wing amend-
ment, recommended by the Department, to be
added to the bill:
Foi payment to A. J. Campbell, soil of Scott Campbell,
now dec-eased, in full eoiiMdetation of the money stipulated
to be paid and land confirmed to said Scott Campbell in
the original draft of the treaty with tlic Sioux. ot the 29th
of Septt'inbet, 1837, (the ninth clause of tlic second aitiele,
&c.,) $10,000.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to have a satis-
factory explanation of this. As I understand, by
a treaty of ancient date, there were two articles,
one for the payment of an annuity to Scott Camp-
bell, and the other for a reservation of five hun-
dred acres of land; but it seems that the Senate,
in the ratification of that treaty, struck out these
two items. Now, after the lapse of thirty-four
years, we are asked to appropriate $10,000 to
satisfy the son of Scott Campbell. That is as
much as I know about it; and on that statement
of facts, it seems to me there is hardly enough to
authorize the payment of the amount.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Mary-
land is very widely mistaken as to the facts of
the case; and when I recapitulate them to the Sen-
ate, they will see that it occupies a very differ-
ent attitude from that which he has ascribed to
it. The ago of the claim, so far from being thirty-
four years, is only from 1837 to 185S—twenty-one
years; the claim being continually pressed all the
time by the Sioux Indians in all their different
councils held with the United States. In brief,
the history of the claim is this: in 1837, a pro-
vision was made for the personal benefit of an old
settler, trader, and agent among the Sioux, Scott
Campbell, by which the United States agreed to
guaranty him an annuity of $4.">0, payable for
twenty years, and to confirm him in a tract of five
hundred acres of land. This provision of the
treaty was stricken out, I imagine, under th^orce
of what was known as Mr. Calhoun's resolution
of that day, by which all personal provisions
were invariably stricken out of the Indian treaties.
The debt, however, remains; the moral obligation
and the consideration which prompted it remain,
although the Senate, to adhere to its rules, struck
out these provisions in the treaty. Then, in 1858,
only a little more than two years since, when
these same Indians came to treat with the United
States again, they insisted upon this old debt,
this old stipulation of the treaty, which they said
had not been complied with by the United States,
and they alleged that is was one of the moving
considerations for the formation of the treaty of
1837; and that when the United States Senate
struck it out of the ratification of the treaty, the
consent or approbation of the Indians to this alter-
ation of the treaty was not given. The al teration
was made by the sole act of the United States,
having never been submitted to the Indians, and
they said it never had their assent. Of course
the debt stood just where it stood originally at
the date of the treaty of 1837, forming a part of
the consideration, one of the prompting motives
for the negotiation of that treaty. In 1858, by
article nine of the treaty of that year, they speak
as follows of it—and the Senate will see precisely
the condition which this debt occupies now, its
legal position: .
"Art. 9. As the Senate struck from the treaty with the
Mendavvakanton band of Sioux of the 29th day of Septem-
ber, 1837, the ninth clause of the second article, and the
whole of the third article of said treaty, which provided
for the payment of four hundred and fifty (450) dollars an-
nually, for twenty years, to Scott Campbell, and confirmed
to the said Scott Campbell a title to five hundred (500) acres
of land which ho then occupied, said payment and land
being deemed by said Indians to form a part of the consid-
eration lor which they ceded to the United States a ccrtain
tract of land in said treaty specified, which redaction in
the consideiation tor said html has never been sanctioned
by said Indians, the said Mendawakanton and Wahpakoota
bands now request that provision bo made for the payment
ot the sum ot ten thousand (10,000) dollars to A. J. Campbell,
the son of said Scott Campbell, now deceased, in fuli con-
sideiation of the money stipulated to be paid and land eon-
firmed to said Scott Campbell in the original diait of said
treaty aforesaid; which subject is hereby submitted to the
Senate for its favorable consideration."
This entire treaty, with the recommendation at
theclose of it, was confirmed,in 1858, by theUni-
ted States Senate, without this article being qual-
ified, amended, or stricken out. It is therefore a
part of the law of the land for whatever it is worth.
It clearly acknowledges the facts upon which the
debt is created; it recites them, and makes them
conclusive; and refers the question of its favor-
able consideration to the Senate of the United
States.
Now, sir, when this question -was being con-
sidered before the Committee on Finance, (if it is
allowable in me to refer to my knowledge of its
consideration there,) as well as before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, the only question was,
not as to the validity of the debt, but whether the
past action of the United States Senate, in ratifying
tills treaty, had made it conclusive, so that it should
be considered as a subsisting debt under existing
treaties of the United States. It is recommended
to the favorable consideration of the Senate. This
is an agreement between the President of the Uni-
ted States and the Indian tribe. When, therefore,
the Senate ratified the treaty with the stipulation
in it, did not object to it, did not qualify it, did not
strike it out, I consider that the subject is fairly
before the Senate. The form of the amendment
which has been sent to the Secretary's table ob-
viates all contrariety of opinion as to the question
whether it is a debt or not; for, although I believe
that ratification of the treaty by the Senate was a
favorable action upon it, an indorsement of its
validity, yet that amendment, which was not read
through because of the interruption of the Senator
from Maryland, piovides for that very case, that
the decision of the Senate shall be regarded as a
full compliance with the terms of the treaty; and
furthermore, when the Senate votes upon that,
according to the last and the strictest letter of the
treaty, there will be the favorable action of the
Senate. I think it has received, already, the very
highest sanction which the Senate could give it;
because if its reference here refers to the Senate
as a part of the executive department, it has given
a vote ratifying it by two thirds; if it refers to it
as a separate body of Congress, or as a part of the
legislative department of the Government, then it
can give its sanction now by a vote to which a
majority only is necessary to give it validity, so
that it has already received the very highest sanc-
tion qf the Senate in that form of proceeding which
requires the highest majority; and I think it has
complied literally with the terms of the treaty.
Mr. OrWIN. Is not this a private claim? It
seems to me it is a private claim in favor of an
individual; and therefore the rule prohibits it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me to say that the fact that an
appropriation of money is proposed for an indi-
vidual alone, or for an association, or company
of individuals, does not constitute it a private
claim where it is due under an existing treaty or
an existing law. A private claim has always been
decided, by the concurrent voice of different oc-
cupants ot the chair, to be a case where the bene-
