1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
70S
fits of it went to an individual or to a company of
individuals, and where it required the actioaof
Congress to make that a debt which before was
only a claim; but where it is due under treaty or
an existing law, and is a clear debt, it makes no
difference; it is a debt of the Government, whether
it goes to one individual, or to a department of the
Government, to the Army, or to the Navy; and
those have always been ruled as coming within
the rule of the Senate authorizing amendments to
be inserted on money bills.
Mr. PEARGE. I think the objection made by
the Senator from California is well taken. This
is not a debt established by law or by treaty.
The ninth article of the treaty of 1858, which the
Senator read, docs nothing but provide that the
subject-matter of this claim shall be referred to
the Senate for its adjudication. Ifthe Senate had
adjudged that thin was rightfully due to Scott
Campbell or Scott Campbell's son, the case would
be brought within the rule, as announced by the
Senator from Arkansas. If the Senate had af-
firmed, by a separate resolution, as is ordinarily^
the case under such circumstances, that this surMn
of §10,000 should be paid to Scott Campbell under
the ninth article of the treaty, then the claim would
have been made certain; but the Senate, by the
ratification of the treaty of 1818, has done noth-
ing more than this: to agree to the proposition of
the ninth article, which is, that that claim shall be
submitted to the Senate for its examination. The
Senate have never adjudged it; and until they have
adjudged it, it docs not come under the treaty or
existing law. I think, therefore, the point of
order made by the Senator from California is well
taken; and this is not such an amendment as can
be made in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will ask that the amend-
ment be again read.
Mr. SEBASTIAN That is just what I was
going to ask.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Foi payment to A. J. Campbell, tbe son of Scott Camp-
bell, now deceased, in full consideration of the monc> stip-
ulated to b.; p.uil and Kind confiimed to said Scott Camp-
bell m the original draft of the treaty with the Sioux of
the 39th September, 1837, (the ninth clause ot the second
article, &c.,) $10,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear thaiclause
of the treaty read again. I should like to know
whether this is an absolute debt.
Mr. SE'BASTIAN. Let the Secretary read the
ninth article of the treaty.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
u Art 9. as the Senate struck from the tieaty with the
Mendawakanton band of Siouy ofthe29tli day "f Septem-
ber, 1637, the ninth clause ot the second aiucluand the
whole of the third article of said ticaty, which provided for
the payment of four hundred and fifty (^450) doilais annu-
ally, for twenty year?, to Scott Campbell, and confirmed to
the said Scott Campbell atitle to five bundled (500) acre^
ot land winch he then occupied, said payment aud land
hem? deemed by said Indiana to lorm a p-ut oi the consid-
eration lor which they ceded to the United States a eeitaiu
tract of laud in said tieatv >p;>eificcl, wmeh reduction, m
the consideration lor taid'land, ha* novel been sanctioned
by said Indians!, the said Mendawakantons and Wahpa-
koota band-' now lequest that, pioviaion be made toi the
payment of the turn ot ten thousand ($10,000) dollar-? to A.
.1. Campbell, the son ot said Scott Campbell, now deceased,
in full consideiation of the money stipulated to be paid arid
land continued to said Scott Campbell in the original dratt
of said treaty aforesaid ; which subject is hereby submitted
to the Senate for its favorable consideiation."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole
amendment was not read. The Secretary will
now read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For payment to A. J. Campbell, the son of Scott Camp-
bell, now deceased, m full consideiation of the money stip-
ulated to be paid and land confiimed to said Scott Camp-
bell in the original draft of the treaty with the Sioux of the
:29th ot bepiember, 18o7, the payment of which sum was
submitted to the Senate bv the ninth article of the treaty
of June 19, 18.",8, between*the United States and the Men-
daw.i Kanton, and Wah-pa-koora bands of Sioux Indian*,
and which Mirn the Senate weie of the opinion should be
paid,$10,000.
Mr. PEARCE. Has the Chair decided the
point of order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands a question of order to be raised whether
the amendment comes under the rule.
Mr. PEARCE. ^cs, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question that it is a private claim in its nature.
The only question is, whether it is mpursuance
of some existing law or treaty stipulation. From
the opportunity the Chair has had to examine or
to reflect upon the subject, he feels obliged to rule
the amendment out of order as not coming within
the provisions of any existing treaty or of any
existing law, subject, of course, to the reversal of
the Senate.
Mr. RICE. The clause of the treaty of 1837,
alluded to, was stricken out by the Senate, and
never submitted to the Indians. Now the ques-
tion is, whether that clause in the treaty of 1837
is in force or not. The Senate ratified a portion
of the treaty. A portion they refused to ratify,
and never consulted the Indians in regard to it.
It has often been said here, " a bargain broken on
one side is broken on both sides." If the Gov-
ernment can make treaties with the Indians, and
when they arc brought here, the Senate can ratify
a portion and not the balance, and not refer the
portion stricken outback to the Indians, where is
the use of making treaties? I contend that this
is carrying out the treaty of 1837, and that only.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless an ap-
peal be taken from the decision of the Chair, there
is no question before the Senate.
Mr. IliCE. I take an appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota appeals from the decision of the
Chair. The Chair lias decided that the amend-
ment is not in ordet, it being a private claim, and
not in pursuance of the provisions of an existing
treaty or of an existing law, and is excluded by
the rule of tbe Senate excluding private claims
with those conditions. From this decision of the
Chair the Senator from Minnesota appeals. The
question is: "Shall the ruling of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Smute?"
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say a word or two
on this point, as I was connected with this mat-
ter in the Committee on Indian Affairs, and drafted
the latter part of that amendment. I think the
ruling of the Chair is right, though I was in
favor of the adoption of the amendment. By the
treaty of 1837, it was provided that this person,
Campbell, should receive certain moneys, and
have a grant of land confirmed. When that treaty
was before the Senate, the Senate struck out that
provision. In the treaty of 1858, theie was a
provision that that matter should be refer] ed again
to the Senate of the United States. The Indians
claimed that lie should be allowed that money
and that land. The contracting parties, on the
other side, said that he should not be allowed that
money or that land, or at any rate they would
not allow that money or that land; but they did
aarcc to refer it to the Senate of the United States.
The Senate confirmed that treaty. Now, it is
churned by one party, that the confirmation of
that treaty merely made that money a debt which
wo owe to the Indians, and confirmed the grant
of land. I take the other ground, that it did not
make the money adebt, nor did it confirm the grant
of land, but. it simply confirmed the agreement
that we would refer it to the Senate. Thatis the
agreement in the treaty. It was by that treaty
to be referred to the Senate; and the Senate never
have acted upon it. Hence, no debt has arisen:
and it now stands simply a claim, on the part of
these Indians, that this agreement to refer should
be earned out. i d>ew the amendment, .so that,
ifthe Senate ehoose to vote upon it, it should he
a confirmation of the debt and the land under the
treaty; but if the objection is nu'de that it is a
private claim, I must sustain the Chair, that it is
a private claim until acted upon by the Senate,
and made a debt.
Mr. RICE. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I send to the Chair the i
following amendment, from the Committee on j
Indian Affairs, to be inserted as a new section: :
JZnd /"? it further enacted. That them be paid to the Uui- i
ted States ajoiit tor the WtMufas, anil other Indians in the |
country leased by the Choctaws to the Fmled State-., the j
annual salaty ©f £1,500, horn the date ol the commission ,
of the piesent incumbent. J
This amendment merely raises the salary of :
that agent from $1,030 to £,1,500. He is the. last !
agent that is leceiving an inferior salaiy now :
under the Government; and tnat agi ncy has be- ,
come now one of first-class importance. It es-
caped the attention of the committee before, that
there was any agent <'ast of the Rocky Mountains
receiving less than ^1,.>00. it merely puts him on ,
an equality with the balance.
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. SEBASTIAN I send to the Chair an- !
other amendment, recommended in the annual
report of the Secretary of the Interior and .the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to be inserted
as a new scction:
And be it further enacted, That for the relief of destitute
Indians, and with a view of preventing suffering among tbe
Indian tribes who have failed in raising crops, from the
diouth of the hist summer, there be appropriated the suta
of $50,000: And provided, That the amount shall be ex-
pended, if necessary, within the present fiscal year.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like, to know what
Indian tribes are to have the benefit of this appro-
priation ? The language is very general.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is not intended for any
tribe specifically, but to be applied to all those
that come within the terms of the amendment—
that is, destitute Indians likely to starve or suffer
from the failure of the crops upon the extreme
western frontier of the United States; which fail-
ure, I believe, extends from Texas to the most
northern tribes of the United States. It is a gen-
eral charitable fund, which will be disposed of
and appropriated by the commissioner whenever
the necessities and the exigencies of the case may
warrant its application. The amount that was
asked for by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
was p00,000. The committee thought, in conse-
quencc of the peculiar financial condition of the
country, that they would reduce it one half. The
fact of the destitution of many Indian tribes, es-
pecially the small Indian tribes on the frontier, is
notorious—it is historical; and the Commissioner
recommends an appropriation of this sort, as has
been done by Congress on two other occasions,
illustrations of which he gives, in which Con-
gress has, m times of scarcity and need of this
kind, come forward and made small appropria-
tions to relieve the Indians from the consequence
of events over which they had not any control.
One is the case of the Florida Indians, in 1838.
In 1832, also, the sum of §5,000 was appropriated
to be expended among the Indians generally,
without naming the tribes. This appropriation
ought to have been larger, hut for the fact that
the Choctaws and the Creeks will probably be
able, in consequence of other amendments to the
bill, to take care of themselves. It will leave the
$50,000 to be appropriated among the small tribes
in Kansas, Nebraska, and the Northwest.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I now offer
two amendments, and I will ask, for convenience,
that they may be consideied toguthei. The one
i* an amendment in favor of paying to John T.
Jones, an Ottowa Indian, in Kansas, a certain
amountspecified in the amendment, forspoliations
committed upon him, for which he is entitled to
reparation from the Government under the six-
teenth scction of the act of 1834. The other is a
claim of some twelve thousand dollars, in favor
of the nation of the Oltowas and some thirty-six
individuals of that nation, for spoliations of the
samekind, occurring about the same period, 1856,
during the time of the political troubles in Kansas.
The claims arc proven beyond all controversy.
They have been investigated before the local agent
of 'he tribe, and estimated for by the Department;
therefoie they come under the condition of debts
due to Indians, under an existing law. The com-
mittee have thought it proper to ask (hat both of
them be put upon the appropriation bill. One is
for John T. Jones, separately; the other is of the
same kind aud class, but is for several individ-
uals of the Ottowa tribe, and the nation itself.
The amendment is to insert at the end of the bill:
That there shall bo paid undr-r the direction of the Com-
missioner ot Indian Affairs, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otheivvi<e appiopriated, to John T. Jones, the  um
ot %G,700 lor depredations? committed upon hie pmpeity by
white persons; that being the amount adjudged by saul
Comnn->s>ioncr to bo the value of the pioperty destroyed.
Sr.c.— *l:ulbeit f wither caactcd, '1 hat tot the purpose
of p«>>iru5 certain claims of certain member of the Ottowa
tube or Indians, and of a claim of that tribe in itb national
capacity, presented to Congress at its picent session, for
depredations ausing under the sixteenth section of the " act
to regulate t:ade and mtcicoue-e with Indian t< ibes, and to
preserve peace on the frontiers,'* appioved June 36, 18'*4,
and under the treaty of 1830, there be, and is hereby, appro-
priated, out ot an\ moneys m the Tieasuiy nototheiwise
appiopnated, the sum of .$12,305 95. And the whole oi such
p<nt oi said claims as t-hall be proved to his satisfaction,
shall be adjusted and paid, under the dnectiori of the S<'c-
retaiy of tin* Interna under the rules and regulations pre-
scisbcd m said act: Provided. That it shall not be incum-
bent on the pa:Les claimant, from the peculiar condition of
affairs in the Torritoiy of Kansas at the tune the spoliations
were committed, to show that the offenders were appre-
hended and brought to friaJ.
