1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
36tii Coxg....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
I hear, sir, much said in this discussion about
coercing States. -As soon as it is proposed that
the Government of the United States shall pro-
tect its property—its forts, arsenals, and dock-
yards—we are charged with coercing-States. No
efforts for self-defense and self-protection, can be
put forth but it is said that we are using coercion;
and we are toid that the moment we resort to co-
ercion, all the southern States will fly to arms and
resist the Federal authorities to the death. I do
not know that I understand what, gentlemen mean
by coercing a State. I do not know that anybody
proposes to coerce a State. I do not know that
the Government of the United States can coerce
a State. If I understand anything about the Gov-
ernment, it acts upon individuals, persons, and
not upon States in their sovereign capacity. All
demand us, that the Government of the United
States shall punish individuals for the infraction
of its laws; that it shall protect its property and
cnforcc its rights by whatever force may be ne-
cessary. Wc have laws against treason and per-
jury ; and wc demand that the Government of the
United States shall execute those laws by pun-
ishing perjurers and traitors. If that be coercing
a State, so be it.
I have said, sir, that we have fallen upon evil
times. The strange spectacle is exhibited to the
nation and the world of men, claiming to be states-
men, taking their scats m the Senate and the House
of Representatives of the United States, raising
their right hand and swearing by the ever living
God that they will support the Constitution of the
United States, and kissing the Holy Evangel in
evidence of their sincerity, and then setting them-
selves deliberately to plot treason and the violation
of that very Constitution. 1 recollect, when I
came to Washington at this session, of seeing a
letter written by a member of this House from Ala-
bama to his constituents, before he left Ins home,
in which he told them, openly and plainly, that he
was corning here for the purpose of inauguratinga
revolution and disintegrating this Union—that he
would stay with his constituents but that he could
be of more use in Congress for the purposes of
disunion. Here, he avowed, his influence was
needed, and here he desired to give it for the nul-
lification of the Constitution which he had sworn
to support, i do not know, sir, what you call
that; but i do know this: if I had these members
and Senators before a jury in the State of Illinois,
with an indictment against them for perjury, 1
would send them, every mother's sou of them,
to the penitentiary. Yet it is claimed that such
men arc patriots! That is what they call patriot-
ism. And they dignify or embellish their treason
to the Government by another name. They call
it, forsooth, chivalry. The Lord deliver me from
such patriotism, from such chivalry. As I in-
tend to be brief, I will say no more on the subject
of coercion.
What, sir, is it that the southern Stales com-
plain of? What have we of the North done?
LiCt us examine a few of their complaints. They
complain that some of the northern States have
passed what are called personal liberty bills, which
interfere with the recapture of fugitives from la-
bor. I am not going to examine these personal
liberty bills to settle the fact whether they would
have a tendency to interrupt the execution of the
fugitive slave law; but 1 have this answer to
make-m regard to them, namely: that the States
and the people who are the loudest in these com-
plaints, never lose any fugitive slaves. They and
their rights are not affected by those personal lib-
erty bills They complain that the fugitive slave
law is not faithfully executed in the northern
States. That complaint does not oiiginate with
Kentucky, Virginia, Maryland, or Tennessee.
At least, although those States may complain, yet
they do not makethata sufficient cause lor seces- i
sion. It is only the cotton States of Georgia, I
Mississippi, Alabama, and South Carolina, that '
complain of the peisonal liberty bills and non-
execution of the fugitive slave law; while they
arc never affected by them. It is, I fear, a com-
plaint in the nature of the merest pretex...
It is further complained that it is the intention
of the Republican party, when they obtain con-
trol of the Government, to interfere with slavery
where it exists m the States. This I deny. No \
man in the Republican party can be found—no
speech of a Republican, I venture to affirm, has
ever been made, holding.the doctrine that we have
any right or authority, under the Constitution of
the United States, to interfere with slavery in the
States. No such doctrine has ever been avowed
by any member of the Republican party, or by
any member of any political anti-slavery party in
the northern States. It is not announced in the
platform of the Republican party, or by any speech
of the newly-elected President; never, sir, by any
vote or speech of any member of the Republican
party in the United States. That is very well
known.
It is said that the Republican party intend to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia when
they shall grasp the reins of the Government.
This charge, like that in reference to the personal
liberty bills and the execution of the fugitive slave
law, cannot reasonably influence anybody in the
seceding States. What interest have the people
of Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, South Caro-
lina, or little Florida, in the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia? I am at a loss to
discover it.
They own no slaves here — none, whatever.
They have no rights in the District of Columbia
supeiior to the rights of any northern man, or any
northern State. That it may remotely affect sla-
very m its charactei m this country, I do notdeny.
There are many meuibeis of the Republican party
who would vote for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia; yet, as a party, that inten-
tion has not been avowed by them. It is not
avowed by them now; but on the contrary, it has
been distinctly avowed by many of the leading
members of that party, that they have no inten-
tion to introduce a bill, or make a movement, for
the abolition of slavery here.
Mr. SIMMS. That statement has been made
in this House frequently by gentlemen upon tjie
othei side of the House. As this is a very trying
pciiod in our country's history, I think wc ought
all to be frank. I would ask the gentleman from
Illinois, whether he, among other leading mem-
bers of the Republican party, holds to the doc-
trine that Congress has power to abolish slavery
in ail the Territories of the United States, or to
restrict it from going there, or wherever else the
Congress of the United States has exclusive juris-
diction ? And I will ask him, if holding that view
of the subject, when eveiy lepresentative man of
the Republican party in this House, during the
last session of Congress, voted for the resolution
introduced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Blake,] which declared that it is the duty of Con-
gress to give freedom to every single human being
and to exclude slavery from all the Territories of
the United States wherever it has power under
the Constitution—whether they did not mean by
that resolution and vote to assert that power,and
by giving their votes in favor of that lesohuion,
to carry out that principle whenever they should
acquire power in the popular branch of the Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
it is well known that the Republican party is in
favor of prohibiting the introduction of slavery
into the Territories of the United States. No man
upon this side of the House will deny that. It is
the purpose of the Republican party to maintain
freedom everywhere in the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. We hold, in the first place, that the
Territories are free before slavery is established
there by law; that it is the duty of the Congress
of the United States, the law-making power, to
see that those Territories am kept free. There is
no doubt of that.
In reference to the resolution introduced by the
gentleman from Ohio last session, much has been
said about it. I recollect something about the
resolution, and 1 think I voted for it. The res-
olution might mean much or little, this thing or
that thing, as gentlemen were disposed to inter-
pict it. I understood the resolution to mean that
it was the duty of Congress to use the power
vested in it by the Constitution of the United
States to maintain freedom everywhere." But, as
is suggested by a gentleman near me, the only
vote was to suspend the rules for the purpose of
introducing that resolution for the purpose of ref-
erence. But 1 am willing, so far as I am con-
cerned, to answer fully for my action. I meant.
when I voted for*that resolution, just what George
Washington meantwhen he declared, so far as he
was concerned, his vote never should be wanting
to abolish slavery wherever it could be done
under the Constitution of the United States,
Mr. SIMMS. Probably the gentleman does
not
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This does not come
out of my time, I trust.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Burnett in
the chair.) It will, unless by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to the time being
extended.
Mr. SIMMS. I notice one thing: that when-
ever a gentleman rises upon this side of the House
to make a speech, gentlemen upon that side pro-
pound questions to iiim, and no objection is made
by us. But if this course is to be pursued here-
after, gentlemen will be found upon this side to
object. Everybody knows what this objection
means.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. X am discussing the
charge that the Republican party intend to abolish
slavery whenever they get into power. For my
own part, I am frank to confess that when the
proper time arrives, as I hope it may, for ridding
the District of Columbia, the capital of the na-
tion, from the stain and disgtace of slavery, I
shall be very willing to vote for the bill. I am
ready to do what Franklin petitioned Congress
to do; and I take it that what was good, orthodox
patriotism in those days, is the same now, and
that was to step to the very verge of the constitu-
tional power vested in Congress to abolish this
evil.
But finally, Mr. Speaker, the great complaint
of the southern States is, that wc of the North hate
slavery; that there is a public sentiment at the
North adverse to the institution of slavery. Js not
that the complaint? It is said that the people of
the North entertain opinions and sentiments which
are incompatible with the existence of slavery in
the States as well as the Territories, and there-
fore incompatible with the existence of the Gov-
ernment. Well,sir, that there isadeep sentiment
in the northern States against slavery, I concede.
Woof the North do hate slavery; right or wrong,
we detest it. Is it proposed that we shall cor-
rect that public sentiment; and, if so, how? I
understand, from the majority report of the com-
mittee of thirty-three, that it is proposed to pre-'
vent the expression of this sentiment of hatred
toward slavery. I understand from the report,
that it is proposed that laws shall be enacted
which shall prohibit a man from publishing his
sentiments in a newspaper which is liable to be
circulated and read in the southern States, and
which they shall say is intended to stir up strife
and produce insurrection. And to aid this, it is
proposed, by the majority report, to change the
law in regard to fugitives from justice, so as to
invest the Federal courts with authority to return
persons claimed as fugitives from justice in other
States; and that the indictment charging such per-
sons with the commission of offenses in the State
from which it is alleged they have fled shall be
prima facie evidence that the persons were in the
State at the time of the commission of the offense.
I suppose this is recommended in order to meeta
state of facts which has several times arisen. I
remember a few years ago, that one Mr. Tappan,
of New York, was indicted in one of the slave-
holding States. A requisition was sentonforhim
to the Governor of New York. The requisition
was refused. Why? In the first place, because
he was indicted for an offense not known to the
common law; and in the second place, because
he never was within the State wherein the offense
was alleged to have been committed. He had
simply written and printed in the State of New
York matter which had been read m the slave-
holding States.
Now, sir, is it proposed seriously to so amend
the law in relation to fugitives from justice that I
may be indicted in the city of New Orleans for
an offense alleged to have been committed there,
and a requisition take me from the State of Illinois
to the city of New Oilcans, for trial, when I have
never been in that city ? A member of Congress
sends a newspaper to the city of New Orleans,
under his frank—the New York Tribune, for in-
