120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Famsworth..
Ho. op Reps.
stance. It is alleged that the matter contained in
it is intended to stir up insurrection and strife,
and to incite rebellion and civil war. The docu-
ment is taken before a grand jury there, my frank
produced and proved, and I am indicted. A requi-
sition is sent for me, and I am taken down to New
Orleans for trial under their laws; the indictment
■ being prima facie evidence thatl was in Louisiana
when the offense was committed. I understand
that is what is proposed by this recommendation
of the committee as one of the methods of correct-
ing public sentiment at the North and preventing
.the agitation of the slavery question.
Mr. Speaker, as I said befoie, I conccde frankly
that there is a very deep sentiment at the North
against slavery. While the Republican party are
not disposed to go beyond the provisions of the
Constitution, or to interfere with slavery where
it exists under the shield of State sovereignty, at
the same time they arc not prepared—at least I
am not, as a Republican—to say that I do not
dislike slavery in the States, as well as every-
where else. As a moral being, as a man, I hate
slavery in the States of this Union as I hale serf-
dom in Russia—which, by the way, is about to
be abolished in that Empire, while we are quar-
reling over the extension of slavery in this—just
as I hate caste in India; just as I hate oppression
everywhere. But, at the same time, while I give
utterance to these sentiments, I say that I love
the Constitution. I do not think that, as a poli-
tician, I have any right whatever to legislate upon
or meddle with theinstitutionsof the States where
I do not reside, and where I am not responsible
for its institutions.
"Well, now, what is to be the effect of the dis-
solution of the Union on these causes of com-
plaint ? Take the first—the personal liberty bills.
Do gentlemen suppose that, after they have dis-
solved the Union, we are to have no porsonallib-
erty bills at the North ? 'Why, sir, it there were
two republics instead of one—the one free and the
other slave—would not every free State have its
parsonal liberty bills? How is it with regard to
the fugitive slave law and its enforcement? Dis-
solve the Union, and you bring the Canada line
down to the line of your southern confederacy.
Do you expect that the people of the North would
submit to a fugitive slave law then? No. Are
you going to bo benefited in that respect by a dis-
solution of the Union? So in regard to the pub-
lic sentiment of the North. Do you expect that,
after you shall have dismembered this Confeder-
acy, broken up this Government, and established
a southern confederacy, the people of the North
will then, all of a sudden, fall m lftve with sla-
very,"which has been this bone of contention, and
has produced these deplorable results ? May you
not rather dread that the seceding States them-
selves, and the people of those States, will fall to
hating the institution that shall have brought such
calamities upon them, rather than that we should
fall in love with it?
You say that we will prevent the expansion of
slavery, by keeping it out of the Territories, and
surrounding it with a cordon of free States; and,
thus surrounded, it will strangle and eventually
die. Well, I hope so. Rut suppose you slough
off, and form your southern confederacy: what
then? How much do yoti think you will expand
then ? With Mexico, which hates slavery worse
than we do, on your south, and the free States of
this Union, absolved from all obligations to keep
the peace towards your institutions, their con-
sciences and impulsesemancipated from the thrail-
dom of a common Government, with these upon
you north, you would be crushed between the
upperandthenethermillstoncsoflVccdom. Why,
sir, it is the Union which maintains slavery now,
defends, fortifies, and protects it from the assaults
of the wholeeivilized world. The Union—wc of
the North hold your wolf by the ears upon your
very threshold, and if we let him go he will rend
you. I know not but that in the compensating
dispensations of Providence, we are ourselves to
feel his fangs in our own quivering flesh, for
having so long been a party to this crime against
humanity.
Thus you sec, Mr. Speaker, that the remedy
proposed by the seceding States for those com-
plaints, or imaginary complaints, will but exag-
gerate and heighten, rather than lessen them?
Now, it seems to me that it behooves a wise man,
when he proposes a new course of action, a new
policy, to sit down and count the cost, and ask
himself how it is going to affect his interests; how
it is to affect the very interest which causes the
change? If the southern States would but do this,
they would see that they are rushing to their own
suicide in the course proposed by them—seces-
sion.
I do not intend, Mr. Speaker, to indulge in any
bravado, or boasting, or threateningabout what the
North is going to do. [ do not propose to draw
any comparison between the prowess of the South
and that of the North. There is bravery in both
sections of the Union; chivalry in both sections;
prowess in both sections. We are a brave people.
It is not a question whether the North is to whip
the South or the South to whip the North. I am
not going to discuss that. I Have no taste for that
sort of discussion. I am inclined to think that
both sections of the Union feel, in regard to rev-
olution and civil war, very much as the gentle-
man did who was hunting birds. A story is told
of Audubon, that, being out bird-hunting for his
collection one day, he discovered a red-headed
woodpecker alight on an old stump, and go into
a hole. Audubon ran up the tree, and thrust in
his arm to pull out the bird; but he put it into the
wrong hole. He caught hold of something, and
pulleditout. It was a snake. He let go the snake
and the tree at the same time, and down he fell to
the ground. His assistant ran up to him. "Ah,
Monsieur Audubon, what is the matter? Are you
frightened?" "Oh, no; me no scare at all; but if
you look up into that hole, you will find one dam
scare snake /" I am inclined to think that, with
all the boastings of southern men and of northern
men, both sections would be apt to see a very
u scare snake."
.Now what are the measures of adjustment pro-
posed by this committee, and what is the duty of
the Republican party in regard to them? I will
not take them in their order. It is proposed that
we amend the Constitution of the United States,
so as to put it out of the power of Congress ever
to interfere with slavery in the States,an4 to ren-
der it impossible that the Constitution shall be so
amended that Congress can interfere with slavery,
unless the amendment is proposed by a slave
State and is concurred in by all the slave States
of the Union.
At the same time the committee declare that the
Constitution docs not now authorize Congress to
interfere with slavery in the States. Mr. Speaker,
I am opposed to tinkering the Constitution. The
Constitution which Washington, Madison, and
the wise men who formed it, made for us, is good
enough for me. I will not consent to give slavery
one single inch of vantage ground which it does
not now possess. I see that the committee in
making their report follow the example set them
by Madison, when he declared he would not have
the word u slave" or " slavery" in the Constitu-
tion at all. He would not have it understood by
the stranger, who might peruse that instrument,
that man could hold pioperty in man.
So the committee, in proposing this amend-
ment, say that they propose to amend the Consti-
tution so thnt Congress shall not interfere with
those persons described in a certain paragraph of
the old Constitution as " all other persons." The
men who make tins reportare themselves ashamed
to speak right out, and say that the Constitution
shall be so amended as to give slavery a guaran-
tee, or a supposed guarantee, which it does not
now possess. Now I care not, so far as this ques-
tion is concerned, whether Congicss can or can-
not interfere with slavery where it exists in the
States of this Confederacy. If it cannot, I will
not say so in the Constitution. If it can, I cer-
tainly will not deprive it of that power by the Con-
stitution. Oh, but it is said this will heal the
wound; it will quiet the disturbance; this is a con-
ciliatory measure; this will deprive the people of
the South of the pretense that we intend to inter-
fere with slavery in the States. But, if they are
disposed to make an absurd charge against us, I
am not therefore going to tinker with the Consti-
tution, and to put it in the Constitution that their
charge is false, and that we shall not do the thing"
they complain of. Amend the Constitution as is
proposed, and the whole civilized world will look
upon us as giving to slavery new guarantees in
the nineteenth century which it never had before.
I will never do it, sir; never / never /
It is proposed that we admit the Territory of
New Mexico as a State, with slavery or without
it, as its constitution may ordain. I am opposed
to all cheats and swindles. Republicans are urged
to support this measure on the ground that New
Mexico will be a free State. Politicians at the
South are urged to support it on the ground that
it will be a slave State. N ow, somebody has got
to be cheated. One thing we know: slavery ex-
ists there. It is not material that there are but
few slaves there. The evils of slavery, as they
affect the white man especially, do not consist in
the number that may be enslaved in a State or
Territory. The evils of slavery that are felt by
the northern States, consist rather in the law of
slavery than in the number of slaves that may be
held on the soil. It is the power and influence
and dominion that we complain of, and not the
number of slaves. Slavery exists in New Mex-
ico now by the law of that Territory. For my
own part,! have scarccly a doubtthatif this Con-
gress should pass an enabling act for the admis-
sion of New Mexico as a State, the same people
who made the laws establishing slavery there,
would establish it in their constitution; and when
you have once given sovereignty to New Mexico,
with a territory five times as large as the State of
New York, it will go out of the Union the next
year, with Texas and the rest. Why not? It
sympathizes with those States. "We know very
well that the present political influence in that
Territory is in favor of slavery. We know very
well, because it was developed by a committee
here at the last session of Congress, that the Del-
egate from that Territory on this floor influenced
the enactment of the slave code there. He is a
popular man in that Territory, himself in favor
of establishing slavery there, and, if I am not very
much mistaken, himself sympathizing with the
disuniomsts. The same power and political in-
fluence which sent him to this Congress as their
Delegate, and which enacted a slave code in that
Territory, would establish a slavery constitution
there now. When you give sovereignty to it,
and especially when you do so in answer to a
menace, thereby recognizing the right of States to
secede from the Union, how know you but that
next year the members and Senators from the
State of New Mexico will retire from the Hails
of Congress with their State, and go out of the
Union?
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to have a settle-
ment of this question; and it is time we have a
settlement where there is no cheating. I do not
want any cheating. I venture to say that no Re-
publican member would dare go home and face
his constituents, and tell them he voted for the
admission of New Mexico with the knowledge
that she would come in as a slave State. Those
on this side of the House who will vote for such
a measure do it with the endeavor to satisfy their
consciences and the people whom they represent
with the belief that they are voting for extending
the area of liberty—that she will come in a free
State; while those upon the other side who will
accept this as a compromise, will do it on the
ground that they expect New Mexico will come
in a slave State. Gentlemen, I do not want to be
cheated, and I do not believe you do. W'e com-
plained, and we made very much political capital
in the last campaign, especially in the State of
Illinois, out of the declaration of one of the Sen-
ators of that State, that the " Territory of New
Mexico, a Territory with five times the area of
the State of Georgia, had been converted into slave
territory, under the operation of his great prin-
ciple." I think, now, if the Republican party
will bring in that Territory as a slave State, they
will carry off the palm. They will beat squatter
sovereignty, and take the wind out of Douglas's
sails! I say now nothing as to the impropriety
of admitting New Mexico as a State on account
of the condition of its inhabitants, or their unfit-
ness to assume the responsibility of a State gov-
ernment, or their inability to bear its burdens. I
do not regard that as a question worth discussing
at present.
There is another measure. It is proposed that
we establish a line—the line of 36° 30'—and de-
