1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Avery.
Ho. OF $EPS.
vote to freedom all north of that line, and to sla-
very all south of it, as a measure of compromise
and adjustment. 1 am opposed to this also. I
will not, at this time, go very largely into the
argument upon this subject. I would much rather
refer the House to the thousand and one abler
arguments that have been made by Democrats
and others, for the last six years, against running
a line across this continent. The Lord knows,
we have had trouble enough with that Missouri
line. Let us avoid making any more.
Tho gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Corwin] who
made this report, argued, if 1 can understand his
argument, in favor of allowing slavery to come
up to this line, and devoting all north of it to free-
dom, upon the ground that the Almighty had
made the territory north of this imaginary line
for freedom, and all south of it with such pecu-
liarities of climate as to render the establishment
of slavery profitable there. I do not sympathize
with that argument. I do not sympathize with
the gentleman from Ohio either when he under-
takes to apologize for the Almighty's having
made a territory where it was not profitable for
slaveholding. I hold that it is a libel upon the
Almighty to say that he ever made a"foot of ter-
ritory for slavery. I will not apologize because
I live too far north forslavery to go. I deny the
doctrine that a white man cannot labor where he
can exist. If that country exists under heaven
where a white man cannot labor, he has no busi-
ness to live there. If the country is too hot for
the white man to labor, and therefore he must
keep black men as his slaves, there is also a climate
too far north and too cold for the black man to
labor; and therefore, as an Irishman would say,
" by the same token," he must have white men
for his slaves. Why not? Is it a fallacy? No
man ought to live in any country under God's
heaven where he cannot labor. To labor is not
unhealthy. I say, then, that I will never consent
to run a line across this continent or through any
portion of the territory of this Government, and
to concede to slavery all the territory on one side
of that line and to freedom all on the other side.
I do not understand that kind of policy as being
the policy of the Republican party.
What is the duty of the Republican party at
this crisis? What ought they to do? Mr. Lincoln
has been elected President of the United States in
a constitutional manner. Ought the party that
elected him, ought he, to surrender the principles
of the party, and make a disgraceful compromise,
as the price for the privilege of taking possession
of the Government and inaugurating their Presi-
dent51 Is it becoming in the party to do it? Is it
oftr duty to humiliate ourselves and cover our-
selves with everlasting disgrace and infamy, by
making concessions to men with arms in then-
hands againsttheGovernment of the United States;
to men who have insulted our flag, and who have
taken forcible possession of our property; who
threaten cociciou to the Government, instead of
being coerced themselves? Is it the duty of the
Republican party to oficr concessions to such men
as the price for the privilege of inaugurating their
President? I say no; and I believe I speak the
sentiment of the President elect, when I say I think
he would sooner die in his tracks than to make
any concessions which would be regarded as the
price of being inaugurated upon the steps of this
Capitol) clected as he has been, in accordance in
every respect with the Constitution. It cannot
be contended for a moment that he or his party
have violated the Constitution in any manner.
Now, shall we, in order to his inauguration in a
peaceable manner, make concessions of princi-
ple; make compromises on the verdict which the
people have already rendered in the last election-
Why, sir, I have practiced law for a good many
years, there are many lawyers around me, and 1
ask you whatwould you think ofthe lawyer who,
having gotten a judgment in a court of last resort
for his client, would then turn round and submit
his case to arbitration—" split the diiference ?"
What will the people think of their Represent-
ative in Congress, elected upon certain principles
and because of his attachment to principle, who,
without instructions from his constituents, shall
betray the very principles on which he was elect-
ed > I understand very well the pressure that is
brought to bear upon the Congress to make con-
cessions—to yield. I understand very well that
the men who hang around the city of Washington
during the sessions of Congress, are mostly of-
fice seekers; they mostly come here with axes to
grind; they are mostly men who worship mam-
mon; they are bankers; they are stock brokers;
they are merchants in the metropolitan cities—
contractors with fat jobs on their hands; they are
men who worship the almighty dollar far more
than they do patriotism or their country. I know
very well the danger that members of Congress
are "all subject to, after having been in the city of
Washington for a few years. They are very apt
to forget that this country is more than ten miles
square!
For my own part, I will not concede one jot or
tittle of the principles on which I was elected to
this Congress; sent here, as I was, by a district
which gave Mr. Lincoln fourteen thousand ma-
jority, every man of whom, I believe, is now not
only in favor of the Union, the Constitution, and
the enforcement of the laws, but also in favor of
the principles I have advocated to-day; and I will
not vield one principle until I am taught that my
constituents desire it, and then I will be no longer
their Representative.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. T. AVERY,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
January 31, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. AVERY said:
Mr. Speaker: I had not intended to say one
word during the whole course of this debate, con-
scious, as I was, that the period for profitable
discussion and argument on the part of the Rep-
resentatives of the people of the South had passed,
and the time for action had comc; nor would 1
have violated that determination, did I not deem it
a duty that I owe to myself, to my constituency,
and to my State, to vindicate them from the false
opinions that this House and the country might
entertain concerning their position in the present
crisis of the Union, judging from some of the
speeches which have' been made upon this floor
by those who claim to represent the sentiments
of that people and that State. I wish to set my
State right m this perilous controversy; and in
doing so, to reply to tho extraordinary, and, I
may say, unnatural speech made the other day
by my colleague from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Tennessee, [Mr. Etiieridge.] An official
report of that speech having hot yet appeared in
the Globe, the official organ of this House, I am
indebted to my colleague, to whom I applied this
morning, for a copy in pamphlet form, at the
same time stating to him that I expected to leply
to it this evening, and desired his presence. I
regret very much not to see him in his seat. The
New York Tribune, of the 24th of January—the
morning after my colleague's speech—contains
the following complimentary notice of it:
"The able and patriotic speech of Mr. ETHF.RiDGR.of
Tenne^ee, m the United States House of Representatives
yesterday, wa^ worthy ot his high imputation, and cannot
fail to command the gcneial attention of tho country. He
presents a linn and inflexible front to treason m any shape,
and is for the Union, ln*t and Ia^t, and at all hazards."
I will also read from the Cincinnati Gazette,
another Republican organ, a still more eulogistic
notice:
"Hon. Emerson Etiieridge, of Tennessee, made a
speech in the House of Representatives yesterday, which,
for boldness, for power, for patriotism, and for eloquence,
ba« not been excelled. The position of this man ot the
South in linking contrast with that of the driveling dem-
agogues who pretended to represent the Democracy of Ohio
in convention at Columbus je^terday. We rejoice that it
id in our power to -end out in the same paper a jeport ot the
speech ol Mi. Etheridok and the proceedings of the Demo-
cratic convention. The people will strike the difference
and make uptheveidict. From tha> time the name of Hon..
Emerson Etiieridor, of Tennessee, wilt he warmly and
favorably canvassed m connection with Mr. Lincoln's
Cabinet."
I have said, Mr. Speaker, the extraordinary and
unnatural speech of my colleague; and I think that
I am warranted m thus designatinga speech made
by a Representative of a southern constituency
upon this floor, which is thus hailed and applauded
by the chief organs of the Republican party. The
gentleman began by saying that if he had a jury
of good and lawful men, duly impaneled, sworn,
and charged to try the issue joined between the
North and the South, he would, before that-im-
partial tribunal, submit this case without argu-
ment, confident in the assurance that he would
receive a speedy and righteous verdict.
My colleague may have fancied that he was
engaged in his old vocation, defending before a
jury the offenders of the law—pleading the cause
of criminals at the bar of public justice. The ex-
tract from the Cincinnati Gazette, which I have
just read, might suggest to a more uncharitable
mind than mine thata contingent fee, in the shape
of high place in the Cabinet councils of Mr. Lin-
coln, sharpened the intellect and quickened the
powers of his defense. But I will not be thus
uncharitable. I will say, however, that, in my
judgment, a Representative of a southern constit-
uency, born and nurtured upon southern soil, in
a crisis like this, is far forgetful of his State, her
rights, her interests, and her honor, when he un-
blushingly stands forth, cheered on by them, to
champion the cause of the sworn enemies of his
scction.
The leading idea in my colleague's speech is^
that the North has been guilty of no wrong to
justify the "extraordinary, unpardonable, and
'indefensible" action on the part of the people of
the South; that the southern mind is maddened
and insane. And yet, he wants to adjourn this
question over to this mad and insane populace.
Who, but the people, in their sovereign capacity,
have moved this mighty revolution, even to the
dismemberment of the Confederacy ? Is it possible
that these States, having more than double the
population of the original thirteen, are all madly
driven to desperation for nothing? Sir, I ask
again, is it possible that the whole body of the
South, the people of fifteen sovereign States, are
madly bent, as my colleague says, " on believing
a lie that they may be damned?" What thought
Mr. Fillmore about this thing—my colleague's
"model President?" In replying to a large New
York meeting, informing him that he had been
appointed to proceed as embassador to intercede
with the South, he declined going, saying:
"What they want, [the southern people,] and what I
want, is some assurance from the Republican party, now
dominant at the North, that they, or at least the conserva-
tive poition oi them, are ready and willing to comc forwaid
and repeal all unconstitutional slave laws, live up to the
compromises ofthe Constitution, execute the laws of Con-
gress honestly and faithfully, and treat our sputheru hieth-
ren as fnends. When I can have anv such ichable assur-
ance as this to give, I will go most cheerfully and urge our
southern brethren to follow our example, and restore har-
mony and fraternal affection between the North and the
South.
'• At piesent, our labors should be here. Let us put our-
selves right, and then we can, with more conlidencc and
justice, appeal to them."
Why, sir, even my colleague from the first dis-
trict [Mr. Nelson] enumerates a catalogue of
causes of fear which we justly have from the Re-
publican party; tho greatest of which, to use his
own language," is in the factthat pronunentmem-
bers of the Republican party have announced the
doctrine upon the floor of the House of Repre-
sentatives that the Supreme Court,as now consti-
tuted, is a partisan tribunal, and are doing all
they can to sap the public confidence in the great-
est judicial tribunal upon earth."
Sir, every single resolution which has been
passed by the most conservative people of tho
South, in their primary assemblies, large and
small, in their legislative'bodies every where, pro-
claim that there have been aggressions; that there
have been wrongs; and that those wrongs and
aggressions must be righted, and that speedily,
or they will declare themselves absolved from all
allegiance to this Government. Is it to be expected
that those to whom conservative men all over the
land are appealing to come to the rescue of the
country; they alone who have perpetrated the
wrong: they who alone can remedy it—is it to be
expected that they will come forward and remedy
those wrongs, when a Representative of southern
constituents tells them that there have been none ?
I say, that every solitary resolution passed by the
j people ofthe South—I mean the Union people; I
;j mean the most conservative people; I do notiiieaa
