122
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
36th Oo?tg....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Avery.
Ho. of Reps.
: the disunionists or the fire-eaters, but those who
are considered of the most compromising school
of southern rights—has declared that there are
wrongs, and that those wrongs must be redressed.
That, sir, is the sentiment of Tennessee.
I have here the resolutions recently passed by
; the Legislature of Tennessee byanunprccedented
"majority; passed with only six dissenting votes
in the House, and I believe five in the Senate.
That body of one hundred members canle fresh
from their constituency. Let us see what the
potential voice of Tennessee says in regard to the
wrongs of the people of Tennessee; and what they
say must be put into the amended Constitution,
or they, too, will fasten upon themselves this
unpardonable " sin of disunion. Here it is:
" A declarator)' amendment that African slaves, as hold
under the institutions of the slaveholding States, shall be
recognized as property, and entitled to the status of other
property in the States where slavery exists; in all places
within the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress within the
slave States; in all the Territories south of 36° 30'; in the
District of Columbia; in transit and whilst temporarily so-
journing with the owner in the non-slavcholduig States and
Territories north of 36° 30'; and when fugitives from the
owner in the several places above named, as well as in all
places in the exclusive jurisdiction of Congre&s in the non-
sfaveholding States.
" That in all the territory now owned, or which may be
hereafter acquired bv the United States south ot tlie par-
allel of 36° 30', African slavery shall be recognized as exist-
ing, and be protected by all departments of the Federal and
territorial governments; and in all noith of that line, now
owned or to be acquired, it shall not be recognized as exist-
ing; and whenever States formed out of any of said territory
south of said line, having a population equal to that of $
congressional district, shall apply for admission into the
Union, the same shall be admitted as slave States; while
States nortli of the line formed out of said territory, and
having a population equal to a congressional district, shall
be admitted without slavery; but the States formed out of
said territory, north and south, having been admitted as
members of the Union, shall have all the powers over the
institution of slavery possessed by tlie other States of the
Union.
" That slave property shall be rendered secure in transit
through, or while temporally sojourning in, non-slavchold-
ing States or Territories, or in the District of Columbia.
" An amendment to the effect that all fugitives aie to be
deemed those offending the laws within the jurisdiction of
the State, and who escape therefrom to other States; and
that it is the duty of each State to suppress armed invasions
of another State."
Those are the chief points contained in the res-
olutions of the Legislature of Tennessee, which
they present as the ultimatum of that State. Do
not these resolutions point to wrongs? and that
these wrongs must be righted,and that speedily?
They declare that the right of property in slaves
must be recognized; that the nglu of tiarisitinto
free States and.Territories shall be admitted and
• protected; that the right of temporary residence
and holding slaves in such States and Territories
shall also be recognized by the Constitution, and
protected; and that in all the territory of the United
States south of 36° 30', now held and hereafter to
be acquired, slavery shall be'acknowledged and
protected by all departments of the Government.
But what do they go on further and say?
<5. Resolved, That should a plan of adjustment satisfac-
tory to the South not be acceded to by the icquiwite num-
ber of States to perfect amendments to the Constitution of
the United Stales, it is the opinion of this General Assem-
bly that the slaveholding States should adopt for tin msolves
the Constitution of the United States, with such amend-
ments as maybe satisfactory to the slaveholding States;
and that they should invite into a Union with them all
States of the Noith which are willing to abide such amended
Constitution and frame of Government; severing at once
all connections with States lefu^ing such reasonable guar-
antees to our future safety; such renewed conditions of
Federal Union being first submitted for ratification to con-
ventions of all the States respectively."
Not that this plan of adjustment must be satis-
factory to one community; not to one State or
any number of southern States; not alone to the
Union men, but to the whole and entire South;
and unless these " just and reasonable guarantees"
are given, they are for disunion, and for forming
a Union with no people or State that will not give
them.
But what says the Nashville Banner, the home
organ of Mr. Bell, and the leading paper of my
colleague's party—if he has a party—in the State?
This paper, in its issue of the 25tl\ January, uses
this significant language:
" The resolutions adopted by the General Assembly, pub-
lished in our paper a tew days since, define the position of
Tennessee satisfactorily, as we believe, to the great mass
of the people. They substantially adopt the Crittenden com-
promise as a basis of adjustment ot the pending issues be-
tween the North and South ; and Tennessee will say to the
people of the Noith, not iu a spirit of blustering defiance
and braggadocio, but firmly and calmly, and with a sincere
and honest desiie that this adjustment may be accepted—
we demand nothing more—we will accept of nothing less."
Hero, sir, is what this newspaper, represent-
ing the most conservative element in Tennessee,
says is the uncompromising position of that State
with regard to these resolutions, that "she de-
mands nothing more, and will accept nothing
less."
My colleague says he is for adjourning this
question over from this House to the people.
Who, let me ask, have refused every such propo-
sition ? It is humiliating to southern men to have
to say that every effort that has been made for
the adjustmtmt of these difficulties has come from
southern members. How have they been treated?
Why, sir, every proposition that has been made
by the most conservative men in the House and
Senate, by which this question is to be turned
over from Congress to the people, has been tram-
pled underfoot, and indignantly spurned, by those
to whose defense my colleague has come. There
was a proposal made the other day—the most
direct one 1 have heard of—to adjourn this ques-
tion over to the people; that every Representative
upon this floor, of all parties, should resign his
seat, to take effect on the 21st of February; that a
new election should be ordered, to allow the peo-
ple to speak between now and the 4th of March
next. In twenty days public sentiment might
have been expressed upon these questions; and
then, when the new Congress came in, we would
walk out. I never heard of my colleague seizing
upon this mode of adjourning this question over
to the people.
But is it the manly part of southern Represent-
atives to stand here in their places, and plead upon
their bended knees as suppliants at the footstool
of the Republican power, day by day? I, for
one, am tired of making these appeals, when the
chief rulers of the party, President, premier,press,
and all, are daily and hourly thundering in our
ears that they have no compromises to make.
Mr. KiLCORE. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question? The gentleman has
given us the ultimatum of Tennessee, and has
complained continually of the wrongs of the Re-
publican party and oT the people of the North,
i would ask the gentleman to specify those par-
ticular wrongs, so that we may reply to the
charge.
Mr. AVERY. For forty years, sir, we have
been specifying these charges, until, finding that
specifying does no good, wc have become tired
of it. I will, however, satisfy the gentleman with
somo slight specifications presently.
My colleague goeson to enumerate what liecalls
tlieitemsin the billofindictmentagainstthe Repub-
lican party, and proceeds, seriatim.) to defend them
from wliat he denominates false charges. He first
alludes to thepersonal liberty bills,and assumes to
speak, ex cathedra, for the Republican party, in
saying that those bills will all be repealed. Ile^
asserts that these bills only exist in such far off
States as Vermont, not accessible to fugitive slaves.
If my memory serves me right, they have been
passed" m every single Republican State where
them has not been either a Democratic Legisla-
ture or a Democratic Governor to veto their pas-
sage. In this very State of Vermont, their re-
cent Legislature rejected, by an overwhelming
majority, a proposition to repeal these laws. But
supposing there has been manifested a disposition,
as in the State of Rhode Island, to repeal them.
Has it not been biought about alone by the firm,
unshaken, and determined action upon the part
of these southern States; the " kingdom of South
Carolina," as the gentleman sneormgly calls her,
at the head ?
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the gentleman whether
there has been a personal liberty bill passed in a
single State since the existence of the Republican
party ?
Mr. AVERY. I do not know when you date
the birth of the Republican party.
Mr. KILGORE. It commenced in 1854-55.
Mr. AVERY. There has been, I presume;
but it matters not when they were passed.
Mr. KILGORE. Well, name the States.
Mr. AVERY. I will do that directly. I say
that where these bills have not been passed, it
has been where there was a Democratic Legisla-
ture, or a Democratic Governor to veto them.
My colleague says that none were passed in the
northwestern States. If that is so, it was for the
reason I have stated. He says there is no per-
sonal liberty bill in the State of Ohio. I recollect
that a Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] said, at
the last session of Congress, on the floor of the
American Senate, that the personal liberty bill
had been stricken from the statute-book of Ohio, it
was true; but that whenever the Republican party
came into power they would be reenstamped upon
the statute-books of the State.
The gentleman asks if there has been any ap-
peal made to repeal these bills. I had the honor
to make a speech last session,in which I warned
them upon these very questions. At the conclu-
sion of that speech, after citingand arguing against
those very bills, 1 said;
" J think I have clearly established that the Republican
party is the only party in the land traitorous to the Consti-
tution, and consequently disloyal to the Union; that the
founders of the Republic held no punciplessuch as thens;
that the Demociatic party i«not aggressive but defensive
upon the question of southern rights; that the Republican
party alone is aggressive; that should this paify succeed,
that success would work the inevitable overthrow of the
best Government ever given toman." * * * *
" I am for preserving this, the fanes tfabiic of human lib-
erty. I am for upholding our institutions as they came from
the hands of our fathers. I cherish them just as they gave
them to us. Peush foiever all the bright mcmoucs of the
illustrious past, if they cannot be preserved unsullied ! I
yield to no mortal man m devotion to this Union. Tennes-
see, the proud State of my nativity, among the first-born
daughters, loves this Union with deep devotion. IJut, sir,
with this devotion there is mingled a sacred attachment to
the Constitution. Her rights in the Confederacy, her equal-
ity, and the perfect equality of all her people, she w ill gum d
with a jealous care." * * * * "T warn you,
then, you men of the North—you who boast your Bunker
Hill, and other battle-fields of the Revolution—I warn you
to beware, to stop while yet it is time, and stay the hand
that I* laid upon the ark of our covenant."
Sir, they did not stay the hand; and the words
then spoken have proved, alas, but too prophetic !
The next charge from which my colleague un-
dertakes to defend the Republican party is, that
the people of the free States intend to abolish sla-
very where it exists in the States. In vindication
of this charge he says:
"No political party that everassembled in convention in
this country has given strongei guuiantoes imani t any de-
sire or any power to interfere with slaveiy in the St.ites of
this Union. They did more than this—that which no other
political party m this country has ever done. Apprehend-
ing the pus-sibility ofinvaMonhsimilai to that of John Blown,
they denounce m express terms all such raids ' as among
the gravest of cumes.'"
What are some of these guarantees to which
my colleague alluded? Are they the guarantees
indicated by the preamble and resolutions of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Blake] at the last ses-
sion? Let us see what they are:
Whereas the chattehzing of mankind and the holding of
persons as property arc coutiaiy to natural justice and the
fundamental principles ofom political system, and are noto-
iiously a reproach to our countiy throughout the civilized
woild.and a serious hindrance to the progress of republican
hbcrtv among the nations of the earth: Thcieforc,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
the Kimc aie hereby, instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reporting a hill giving fioedom to every human be-
ing and interdicting slavery wherever Congress has the
constitutional powei to legi-latc on the subject."
Pretty strong guarantees these to protect sla-
very in the States; sworn to by the very men who
responded to my colleague ! " No, no ! we do not
mean to disturb slavery in the States."
But, sir, I have still stronger evidence of the pur-
pose of the Republican party to protect slavery in
the States, in the District of Columbia, &c. Whilo
my colleague from the first district [Mr. Nelson]
was addressing the House the other da^, he was
interrupted by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Morse,] who said that—
" Mr. Nelson had read a paragraph from the menage of
the Governor of Tennessee, in which it was chaiged that
the Republican party intend to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict ot Columbia, and the tlavc trade between the States ;
but that never, since the organization ot the Republican
patty, has any man, north or south, ever heard a Repub-
lican take any such giound. St was never seen in any Re-
publican platioim or speech, and the Republican party do
not want to do any such thing."
Now, sir, I read from a speech made by Hon.
Mr. Chase on the 11th of June, 1845. I believe
that Mr. Chase is a member of the Republican
party. I believe he is a prospective member of
Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet. It is so understood, at
any rate. I ask this House to listen to what Mr.
