124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
36xh Cong.... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Adams.
Ho. of Keps.
resolves of popular meetings, of party conventions, and of
iehglou  and even legislative assemblies, as habitual vio-
lator of the laws of God and the rights of humanity; it
exerted all the moral and physical agencies that human
Ingenuity can devise or diabolical malice can employ to
heap odium and mUmy upon us, and to make us a hy-vvoid
of hissing and of scorn throughout the civilized world."
The gentleman says, " with sword in one hand
and torch in the other, he will go home and fight
disunion." The question of union or disunion
is not now for Tennessee to settle. Six States,
making a mighty empire, stretching from the At-
lantic to the Mississippi, arc already out of the
Union; before another week to be followed by
one more, with a domain almost as large as all the
rest. The only question which will be left for
Tennessee is, will she join these, her southern
glorious sisters, or will she link her fortunes with
the Republican North?
What does the gentleman mean by his torch
and sword, and following the Hag of his country
wherever it floats? Does lie mean, sir, i£ that
flag floated over hostile armies marching into the
borders of Tennessee to subjugate the people of
that or a sister State, that he would be found fight-
ing under it? Sir, if this be his meaning, let me
point him to the following resolutions, passed
. almost.unanimously by his own State:
c< Resolved by the General Jissemfily of the State, o f Ten-
nessee, That this General Assembly has heard with pto-
lbund regret of the i evolutions iccently adopted by the State
of New York, tendering men and money to the President
of the United States, to be used in cocrcim* certain sover-
eign States of the South into obcdiencc to the Federal Gov-
ernment.
(t Resolved, That this General Assembly receives the ac-
tion of the Legislature of New York as the indication of a
purpose upon the part of the people ot that State to lurther
complicate existing difficulties, by forcing the people of the
South to the extremity of MibmiShion or lesistanee; and so
regarding it, the Governor of the State of Tennessee is
hereby requested to inform the Rxeeulivi: of the fc>tato ot
New Yoik, that it is the opinion of this General Assembly
that whenever the authorities of that State shall send armed
forces to the South for the purpose indicated m >,aid reso-
lutions, the people of Tennessee, uniting with their breth-
ren ofthe'South, will, as one man, resist such invasion of
the soil of the South at all hazards, and to the last extrem-
ity."
This, sir, is tho spontaneous and patriotic voice
of the proud freemen of Tennessee. Let inn tell
the gentleman, too, that the author of these res-
olution* is his own constituent and a member of
his own party. Can it be possible that, should
the flag of his country be prostituted to the base
and despotic purpose of subjugating sovereign
States, he would stilt be there? That under it he
would lift a fratricidal hand with " torch and
sword?" My first and highest allegiance is to
my State; and I pledge now, that when this en-
sanguined war shall come, (which may God in
His providence avert!) the brave men of Tennes-
see will rally to the standard of their State, and
resist unto the death any invasion of the soil of the
South, it matters not under whatsoever banner
the invading foe may come.
STATE OF THT2 UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. C. F. ADAMS,
03? MASSACHUSETTS,
IN TIIK HOUSE OF IlEnttssENrAxiviis,
January 31, 1861.
The Uouse having under consideration the report from
the scleet committee of thirty-three—
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker: In this hour of inexpressible
import to the fate of unborn millions, I would that
I could clear from my eyes the film of all human
passions, to see the truth and the right in their
naked, living reality, and with their aid to rise to
tho grandeur of the opportunity to do good to my
fellow-men. There have been occasions when the
fitting words,uttcredinthe true place, ha^e helped
to right the scale when wavering towards the rum
of a nation. At no time have they been more
necessary than now; at no place more requisite
than here. The most magnificent example of self-
government known to history is in imminent dan-
ger of suffering an abrupt mutilation, by reason
of the precipitate violence ofafew desperate men.
I purpose to discuss briefly, and, I trust, with
proper calmness, the cause and the effect of this
proceeding, as well as the duty that it entails upon
us.
On the 6th of November, the people of the United
States were called, for the nineteenth time, to give
in their votes for the election of the highest offi-
cers known to the Constitution. Nothing marked
the proceeding with any unusual features. No
reluctance had been manifested in any quarter to
fulfill the duty; the proof of which is, that no more
full expression of opinion was ever made. No
complaint of unfairness or fraud was heard. No
contested question sprang up. With the single
exception of the State of Virginia, not a doubt was
entertained of the true reflection of the popular
sense in designating the electors whose province
it is to complete the proccss. Not a soul has been
bold enough to deny the fact that, from the origin
of the Government, not a single election, which
had been disputed at all, was ever more fairly
cond ucted or more unequivocally determined. The
sublime spectacle, viewed thus far by foreign na-
tions with a degree of amazement proportioned to
the ever-expanding nature of the operation, of so
many millions of people spread over so many
thousands of miles of a continent stretching from
sea to sea, peacefully, in a single day, selecting
their chief rulers for the next four years, was once
more presented, to all outward appcarance, as suc-
cessfully executed as in any preceding and more
contracted stage of the Republic.
Yet, no sooner was the result positively ascer-
tained, than the people of one of the States, even
while engaged in performing the common duty as
faithfully as all the rest, and without the inter-
vention of a single new disturbing cause, suddenly
broke out into violent remonstrance, and dashed
into immediate efforts to annul all their obligations
to the Constitution. Such a step had never before
been taken in any quarter. The same spirit di-
rectly manifested itself in the region round about,
and it has continued ever since to spread, until it
has more or loss affected the loyalty of ten or
twelve of the States. At the precise period of this
occurrence no new provocation had been given,
unless it were to be found in the single fact that
the successful candidates were persons for whom
those States had not voted. A similar instance
had never occurred. There have been several
eases of popular resistance to Federal laws. South
Carolina had herself furnished a memorable one.
But here was an example of resistance to a con-
stitutional election of men. The former may be
conducted without necessarily shaking the very
foundations of the social system. But the latter
at once denies the validity of the only proccss by
which the organic law can btf executed at all. To
refuse to acknowledge the constituted authorities
of a nation, when successfully carried out, is rev-
olution; and it is called rebellion, when it fails,
under every code of laws known over the globe.
It is an appeal to physical force, which depends
for its justification before God and man only upon
the clear establishment of proof of intolerable
tyranny and oppression. It is sometimes the last
resource of patriots, who feel themselves impelled
to overthrow a despotism; but oftener the con-
trivance of desperate adventurers, who seek, for
their own private ends, to establish one.
Had the present outbreak seemed to me the
consequence of mature deliberation and deep-set-
tled convictions among the people, I should at
once have despaired of the Republic. But, apart
from the merely outward indications of haste and
of passion that attended it, 1 had other reasons
for believing differently. During the previous
summer, the representative candidate of the most
extreme party in the slaveholding States had la-
bored more than once to declare himself a devoted
friend of the Union. Whilst, on the other hand,
the distrust in him, inspired by the character of
his principal advocates, had had the effect of alien-
ating from him numbers, even in his own State,
who preferred the security offered to them by the
friends of another candidate, brought forward ex-
clusively as the upholder of " the Union, the Con-
stitution, and the enforcement of the laws." The
slaveholding States were thus divided between
these two influences, neither of them venturing
before the people to whisper the theory of dis-
union. A very large minority of the aggregated
voters sustained the most thoroughly pledged can-
didate, whilst Tennessee and Kentucky gave him
their electoral votes, and even the Old Dominion,
never known before to waver m the course marked
out by her acknowledged and ancient leaders, was
seen to transfer her votes to the more loyal side.
All these events were not the natural forerunners
of premeditated disaffection to the constitutional
Government. They can only be accounted for
by presuming a fund of honest attachment to it
at bottom. And the inference which I draw is,
that the feelings of a majority of well disposed per-
sons have been suddenly carried away by sympa-
thy with their warmer and more violent friends
in South Carolina, so that they have not stopped
calmly to wei^h the probable consequences of
their own precipitation.
If I were to need more evidence to prove to me
the absence of deliberate intent, outside of South
Carolina, to set aside an election regularly made,
I think I could find it in the earnestness with
which other causes have been set up in justifica-
tion of resistance. It has been alleged that various
grievances have been suffered, much oppression
has been endured, and certain outrages have been
committed upon the people of the slaveholding
States, which render their longer stay in the Union
impossible, unless confidence can be inspired that
some remedies may be applied to stop the evils
for the future. They aver that their rights are no
longer secure in remaining with us, and that the
alternative left is to withdraw themselves before
acquiescence shall have prepared them for ultimate
subjugation. They come to us, and demand that
these complaints shall be listened to, and these
apprehensions allayed, before they can consent to
further abide under the authority of a common
head.
And here, some of my friends on the right reply,
with equal warmth and not less reason, that they
are unconscious of having done wrong in electing
a President according to the Constitution; that
they arc not,aware of any real grievances that
demand redress; and that they feel disinclined to
enter upon any experiment to quiet apprehensions
which are, in their opinion, either artificial or im-
aginary; that they appeal to the Constitution as
it is; and if obedience to its requisitions be not
voluntarily rendered in any quarter, the only
proper remedy is coercion.
I should, perhaps, be disposed to concur in this
view, were this a case of deliberate and willful
conspiracy to subvert the Government. I am not
sure that 1 would not apply the doctrine to the
people of South Carolina, who have long been
known to be generally disaffected. They neither
demand nor expect any redress, or even a con-
sideration of their grievances. They declare them-
selves only to be executing a treasonable pioject
that they have been meditating for twenty years.
They have therefore put themselves without the
pale of negotiation. There is not even a minor-
ity of the citizens who remonstrate. The case is
otherwise with the other States. There is evident
hesitation and reluctance in adopting the lrrevo-
I cable policy of disunion. There is a lingeiing
desire to receive assurances that this step is not
absolutely needed. Now, I, for one, am not
ready yet to take the responsibility of absolutely
closing the door to reconciliation. I cannot per-
mit myself to forget the warnings that have de-
scended to us from many of the wisest and best
statesmen and patriots of all time, against this
rigid and haughty mode of treating great discon-
tents. T cannot ov'erlookthc fact that in the days
of our fathers the imperious spirit of Chatham did
not feel itself as saciificing any of his proud dig-
nity by proposing to listen to their grievances,
and even to concede to every reasonable demand,
long after they had placed themselves in armed,
resistance to all the power of Great Britain. Had
George III listened to his words of wisdom, he
might have saved the brightest jewel of his crown.
He took the opposite course. He denied the
existence of grievances. He rejected the olive
branch. He insisted upon coercion. And what
was the lesult? History records its verdict in
favor of Chatham and against his king. And who
is there in the mother country at this day who
does not regret the blunder, if he does not con-
demn themotive ofthemonarch? When the great
grandson of that same king, on las late visit to
this capital, so handsomely made his pilgrimage
to the tomb of the arch rebel of that time, do you
imagine that his countrymen and future subjects
would have applauded the act, if they still believed
