126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
36th Cong....2d
State of the Union—Mr. Adams.
Ho. o]? Keps.
nothing to you if you get it. You -will not go
with your slaves to New Mexico, for the excel-
lent reason that you are doing better with them
nearer home. Yet still, as this is all the territory
left, about which there is any contention between
us,.'the committee come forward with an interme-
diate proposal to settle it onco for all, by making
itaState. This puts an end to further strife about
prohibition or protection. The people of the Ter-
ritory have already the right granted to them on
the statute-book, of determining the question for
themselves. You have on your side possession,
which they say makes nine points of the law.
We have on ours the aridity of the surfu.ee, un-
favorable to all forms of agricultural labor, and
therefore unpropitious to slavery. Let us abide
by that result now, which is sure to come, sooner
or later. I, for one, am free to say J do not fear
it. And here let me quote a remark made to me
personally on the subject, by one of the gentlemen
on the opposite side of the committee. He ob-
jected to this proposition because he said it put us
ooth in false positions. I shall be censured at
home for voting to admit a slave State, while he
should meet with similar treatment for consenting
to admit another free State. Now, it seemed to
me, on the contrary, that the very nature of this
chance was exactly that which would justify both
of* as in our respective action. Yet, I confess, 1
should he very unwilling to enter into the propo-
sition, unless we can ail agree to regard it as put-
ting to rest forever a troublesome cause of dissen-
sion. I have no desire to vote for it, if it be not
acceptable to the other side. But even if they
should reject it, I think the offer ought at least to
extinguish every future complaint about the ex-
clusion of slaveholders from the Territories, and
every pretense that the refusal to grant protection
is good cause for their present violent course.
The dissolution of the Union would scarcely
tend to make more slaves in the Territories of the
United States. I very much doubt whether it
•will enlarge the number anywhere* Be that as
it may, if it be thought better to let New Mexico
remain in its present condition, even though it be
a siaveholding Territory beyond all present power
of change by Congress, I am content. On all
other accounts, except as a settlement of strife, I
should regard this as the most advisable course.
But in either event, I sec no objection to expung-
ing from its statute-book, under the authority
expressly reserved to Congress, that portion of it
so well described by my friend from Ohio. I can-
not imagine that any calm, right-minded man of
either party could object to it. In permitting its
continuance for a moment, we only condemn our-
selves.
But now comes a further claim in this connec-
tion. We are called not only to guaranty sla-
very within our own Territories, but we must pro-
vide for it in those of our neighbors, before we get
them. When in committee, I recollect that two
distinguished gentlemen declined to consult with
us any more, from the moment we refused to enter
into this matter. I believe that this fact was en-
tered by them upon the Journal. I confess, it ap-
peared to mesomewhatsmgularthatthe attempts
at conciliation should cease just at this point-,
and that we should be driven to a final separa-
tion of the States, because we did not like to de-
clare in the Constitution that we meditated atany
and all times an encroachment upon foreign States;
and that, to that end, we were making a prelim-
inary ruleofarrangemcntsabout their institutions,
without the smallest regard to the disposition or
convenience t>f those who may be citizens at the
time. In my simplicity, I had imagined it was a
fundamental principle of all negotiation to let the
people of other countries speak for themselves in
regard to their own affairs. 1 had supposed they
might have a word to say about so material a
question as the introduction of slavery. All these
considerations appear to have been overlooked.
And we are told that the Union must be dissolved
if we refuse to putin the Constitution a pledge
that we will protect slavery in the States of So-
nora, or Coanuila, or Chihuahua, orNewLcon,
when we get them. In order to comprehend how
this proceeding will look to strangers, let me sup-
pose that the Bntish Parliament were to entertain
the question what sort of organic law they should
enact respecting the labor to be employed in the
gold region of Ameiica south of the forty-ninth
parallel, hereafter to be acquired: should we not
regard it as a pretty comical sort of presumption ?
But if we should be further informed that Scot-
land had become fixed in its determination to
break up the Union because Great Britain declined
to consider this subject, what would then be our
amazement? Yet 1 see little difference between
this picture and that which we present ourselves,
when we fall to quarreling how we shall dispose
of our neighbor's property, at a time when there
is no particular prospect of our getting it at all.
Have not we got difficult problems enough to
solve within our present enormous geographical
limits to save us the necessity of puzzling our
brains with others that are without ? I can scarce
suppress a smile at this idea of territory hereafter
to be acquired, even amidst all the painful realities
of the immediate struggle. Is it not, I ask you,
Mr. Speaker, an abstraction more extraordinary
than all the rest?
The third and last of the causes of grievance is
perhaps the most singular of all. It attaches itself
to no act of commission or omission whatever,
but is a mere apprehension of what may bo done
hereafter. It is said fhat the party which has now
succeeded in the popular election has increased
in numbers with so great rapidity, and that it
shows itself so animated by a hostility to slavery,
as to render all reliance upon its present profes-
sions of moderation utterly illusory. The case
then stands thus: we are to dissolve the .Union,
not about a reality, but from a fear. What! can
this be so? The chivalrous State of South Caro-
lina frightened! The brave and Ancient Domin-
ion stricken with panic! The vigorous State of
Georgia in dismay ! And all for what? Not on
account of the Chicago platform, the only author-
ized exposition of the policy of the successful
party. No ! That is not complained of as dan-
gerous. The terror comes from the alarming lan-
guage of particular individuals. Mr. such a one
had said so and so in a speech; another gentleman,
an editor, had written so and so m his newspaper.
Mr. Senator Seward had spoken somewhere of
an "irrepressible conflict," and of " invasion"
designed at some time or other upon slavery; so,
by way of proving him a false prophet, and them-
selves wise remonstrants, 1 suppose, the aggrieved
parties propose no longer to attempt to repress
the conflict, but rather to invite invasion in good
earnest; by beginning it themselves. So Mr. Lin-
coln, our President elect, is charged with having
said in Illinois, some time ago, that " a crisis
would be reached und passed," and he had been
so bold as to quote the words of an authority,
before whose name all Christian nations bow, u A
house divided against itself cannot stand;" where-
upon the complainants proceed to disprove the
propositions by immediately bringing on a crisis,
and, instead of waiting for the house to fall, by
setting vigorously to work to pull it down about
our ears. And all from fear th^se predictions
should be verified hereafter!
Ithasbeenfurtherallegcdas a grievance that,by
the admission of new fi ee States, the time will come
when their number will exceed three quarters of the
whole. Then they will have it in their power to
adopt amendments to the Constitution at pleas-
ure. Then there is reason to fear that they will
invade the domestic institutions of the States. Of
course, the Republicans will at once initiate a plan
of emancipation. And it is in full view of this
impending danger that the siaveholding States
prefer to avoid it by dissolving the Union.
It is difficult at all times to reason about ima-
ginary dangers. I think it is Mr. Jefferson who
remarked that much of the life of every man is
troubled with the apprehension of things that
never come to pass. But, surely, we have no
rational cause to anticipate the admission of twen-
ty-seven more States within any moderate calcu-
lation of time. Yet it will require no less to fur-
nish the necessary proportion, outside of the slave
States, to incorporate amendments into the Con-
stitution. It is, moreover, somewhat surprising
to find that even the suggestion of the possibility
of the proposal of such amendments in any case
should have been made in such a quarter. Surely
there are some things which, for its own security,
if for no other reason, it may fairly bo presumed
that not one of the Slates would ever originate.
And one of the most essential would be any idea
of direct interference with the internal economy
of a sister State.
1 confess, Mr. Speaker, that I should be very
jealous, as a citizen of Massachusetts, of any at-
tempt on the part of Virginia, for example, to
propose an amendment to the Constitution de-
signed to rescind or abolish the bill of rights pre-
fixed to our own form of government. Yet I
cannot see why such a proposition would be more
unjustifiable than any counter proposition to abol-
ish slavery in Virginia, as coming from Massa-
chusetts. If I have, in any way, succeeded in
mastering the primary elements of our forms of
government, the first and fundamental idea is, the
reservation to the people of the respective States
of every power of regulating their own affairs not
specifically surrendered in the Constitution. The
security of the State governments depends upon
the fidelity with which this principle is observed.
Even the intimation of any such interference as I
have mentioned by way of example could not be
made in earnest without at once shaking the en-
tire foundation of the whole confederated Union.
No man shall exceed me in jealousy of affection
for the State rights of Massachusetts. So far as
I remember, nothing of this kind was ever thought
of heretofore; and I see*no reason to apprehend
that what has not happened thus far will be more
likely to happen hereafter. But if the time ever
come when it does occur, I shall believe the dis-
solution of the system to be much more certain
than I do at this moment.
For these reasons, I cannot imagine that there
is the smallest foundation for uneasiness about
the intentions of any considerable number of men
in the free States to interfere in any manner what-
ever with slavery in the States, much less by the
hopeless mode of amending the Constitution. To
me it looks like panic, pure panic. How, then,
is it to bt? treated ? Is it to be neglected or ridi-
culed? Not at all. If a child in the nursery be
frightened by the idea of a specter, common hu-
manity would prompt an effort by kindness to
assuage the alarm. But in cases where the same
feeling pervades the bosoms of multitudes of men,
this imaginary evil grows up at once into a gigan-
tic reality,and must be dealt with as such. It is
at all times difficult to legislate against a possi-
bility. The committee have reported a proposi-
tion intended to meet this case. It is a form of
amendment of the Constitution which, in sub-
stance, takes away no rights whatever which the
free States ever should attempt to use, whilst it
vests exclusively in the slave States the right to
use them or not, as they shall think proper; the
whole treatment of the subject to which they
relate being conceded to be a matter of common
interest to them, exclusively within their jurisdic-
tion, and subject to their control. A time may
arrive, in the course of years, when they will
themselves desire some act of interference in a
friendly and beneficent spirit. If so, they have
the power reserved to them of initiating the very
form in which it would be most welcome. If not,
they have a security, so long as this Government
shall endure, that no sister State shall dictate any
change against their will.
I have now considered all the alleged grievances
which have thus far been brought to our atten-
tion. 1. The personal liberty laws, which never
freed a slave. 2. Exclusion from a Territory
which slaveholders will never desire to occupy.
3. Apprehension of an event whiyh will never
take place. For the sake of these three causes of
complaint, all of them utterly without practical
result, the siaveholding States, unquestionably
the weakest section of this great Confedercy, are
voluntarily and precipitately surrendering the re-
alities of solid power woven into the very texture
of a Government that now keeps nineteen million
freemen, willing to tolerate, and, in one sense, to
shelter, institutions which, but for that, would
meet with no more sympathy among them than
they now do in the remainder of the civilized
world.
For my own part, I must declare that, even sup-
posing these alleged grievances to be more real
than I represent them, I think the measures of the
committee dispose of them effectually and forever.
They contribute directly all that can be legiti-
mately done by Congress, and they recommend
