710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
amount received last year. Can either of those
Senators tell me ?
Mr. GWTN. I have not examined it.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the amount of the
expenditure ?
Mr. HALE. The amount spent on the But-
terfield route is$600,000, and on thisroute |800,000
is proposed, making p,40Q 000 a year for car-
rying the mails between these two points sub-
stantially. 1 am m favor of this-overland mail
route from St. Louis to San Francisco. I do not
remember what the precise termini are; but 1
think it is incumbent upon us, in some way or
other, to cut off the Butterfield route if we take
this; because the establishment of this alone, and
the payment of $800,000 to it, will enable it to
carry everything that is neecssary between the
Atlantic and Pacific coast. If you establish this
overland mail route, the Butterfield route will bo
comparatively useless; I may almost say entirely
so, but perhaps not entirely so. I consented that
the amendment should be reported, and I hope
that the Senate will adopt it, but that is all the
examination that has been given to the bill.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think a matter of this
importance ought not to be passed without further
consideration, more than we can give it at this
hour of the day.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing that it shall go over.
I do not want anybody to vote on it without un-
derstanding it. It is unnecessary, however, to
refer it,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from
Maine will withdraw that, in order that a motion
may be made to have the bill printed with these
amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the amendments
of the House be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
st. Matthew's cumicii.
Mr. KENNEDY. With the indulgence of the
Senate, I should like to have a small bill con-
sidered that will lead to no debate. I move to take
up the bill (S. No. 547) for the relief of tile parish
of St. Matthew's church, in the city of Wash-
ington.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to empower
Rev. Charles J. White, parish priest of St. Mat-
thew's church, in the city of Washington, t.o sell
certain lots of ground deeded to the priest of the
parish by the late William Easby, Commissioner
of Public Buildings, known in the plot of Wash-
ington city as lots Nos. 5, 6, 7, 8,!), 10,11,19, 13,
and 14, in square No. 236; the proceeds of the
sale to he applied to the uses and benefit of the
parish.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engi ossed for a third reading, read thethittl
time,"and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred as indicated below:
A bill (H. 11. No. 972) authorizing a loan—to
the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. It. No. 89G) for the relief of D. D.
Harrill—to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 5) authorizing
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
revise and adjust the accounts of John Randolph
Clay,Umted States Minister to Peru—to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
TERRITORY OV TDAIIO.
Mr. GR.EEN. I move now to take up the bill
organizing the Territory of Idaho, merely tor tile
purpose of having it left as unfinished business.
Mr. PEARCE. ThatHvill give it precedence
over the Indian appropriation bill, and I hope
that will not be done,
Mr. GItEEN. I shall be willing to postpone
it for that. I want to keep it alive; that is all.
Mr. PEARCE. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
On morion of Mr, GREEN, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 2, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas. H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DESTITUTE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the act-
ing Secretary of the Interior, transmitting and
concurring in a recommendation of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, that $100,000 be appro-
priated for the relief of destitute Indians, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior;
which, on motion, was referred to the Committee
of "Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS RELATING TO THE CRISIS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the petition of six hundred and
sixty-seven citizens of the city of New York and
its environs, in favor of compromise and concil-
iation . and more especially in favor of the border-
State proposition; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, by unanimous
consent, presented the petition of citizens of Phil-
adelphia, recommending the support of the Con-
stitution, the maintenance of the Union, and the
enforcement of the laws; which was laid upon
the table.
Mr. SPAULDING, by unanimous consent,
presented the following: The petition of Hon.
Millard Fillmore, Henry W. Rogers, J. T.Hatch,
J.M. Smith, and three thousand others, in favor
of the adoption of the Crittenden compromise;
the petition of O. J. Green, S. C. Adams, Philip
Brycr, W. F. Miller, and others, in favor of main-
taining the Constitution and enforcing the laws;
and the remonstrance of J. B. Saxe, J N. Rich-
mond, J. H. Gaylord, Philetus Allen, and others,
against any compromise of Republican principles;
which were laid upon the table.
JONAS P. LKVY.
Mr. WALTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise for a per-
sonal explanation, and an explanation on behalf
of the Committee of Claims. A few days ago I
leported, from the Committee of Claims, a joint
resolution for the relief of Jonas P. Levy. On
that occasion, I find the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] reported as saying that it was the
same claim which Mr. Whittlesey pronounced a
fraud, after full examination.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely inquired whether
it was the same claim reported against by Mr.
Whittlesey.
Mr. WALTON. In either event an imputa-
tion might be inferred against the Committee of
Claims, and I wish to say a word. There is no
authority of more weight with that committee
than that of Mr. Whittlesey, who was so long
its chairman, distinguished, i may say,above all
others for his fidelity to duty. His report is a
strong one against the claim; it was examined
by the committee; it lias been placed on the files;
and it goes with the other papers to the account-
ing officers of the Treasury fortheirexamination.
But m justice to all concerned, it is proper to
state that it appears fiom Mr. Whittlesey's re-
port that there is one item of the claim which he
did not pass upon. Moreover, the claimant alleges
that there is important testimony in the case,
•which neither Mr. Whittlesey, the board of com-
missioners, the Court of Claims, nor any other
authority, has yet had. We simply propose that
the claimant should have a rehearing with the ben-
efit of that testimony and all that is now in the
case. The Senate so decided at the last session.
I need not add another word; but m order that
the ground upon which the committee acted may
be understood, I will conclude with an extract
from the report of the committee. It is as follows:
" On a review of the case, we find that there has been
some new evidence produced, both favorable and adverse—
much argument pro and con—much crimination and re-
crimination. and yet that the case btands substantially as
it did when Congress reopened it in 1854. The evidence
now in the case will not admit a decision in favor of die
claim; and, on the other hand, we aie not disposed to re-
ject it, becau&e the papets alleged to have been lost have
not been produced, nor have their contents, to any consid-
erable dczree, been supplied by secondary evidence. The
claimant iuithor alleges that impoitant papers now exist in
the State and Trea-uty Department;;, which the committee
might call for; but lie does not allege that these aie the
papers originally filed and said to be lost. As to lost papers,
the Court of Claims has well said that upon some evidence,
though it be slight, of loss, and diligent and unsuccessful
seaich, the claimant may then make affidavit of loss, and
thereupon be permitted to prove the contents of the lost
papers by secondary evidence. This remains to be done;
and we think the claimant should be permitted fetill to avaii
himself of this right.
"Again : in respect to the claim for damages in conse-
quence of illegal expulsion from Mexico, the Court of
Claims states that a material defect in the evidence is, that
the laws of Mexico under which Levy was expelled have
not been produced, nor inferior proofs presented. We can
see no great difficulty in producing or proving the statutes
of Mexico, or any resolution or order for the expulsion of
American citizens from Mexico; and we think the cJaim-
ant should be permitted to do it. This seems to have been
a part of the claim admitted to be valid by the commission-
ers. The Auditor rejected it for written reasons, but those
reasons cannot be found; the Comptroller did not pass upon
this part of the case at ail; and in rejecting it the Couit of
Claims distinctly intimates that it is for want of proof
which is certainly materia), and seems to be attainable.
For the purpose of permitting the claimant to produce
evidence which the Couit of Claims has decided to be
pertinent and essential, and of disposing of the case, the
committee repoit the accompanying joint resolution, and
recommend its passage.
COMPROMISE MEMORIALS.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to present three memo-
rials from my constituents iti reference to existing-
difficulties; one from citizens of Dent county, and
another from citizens of Phelps county, Mis-
souri, both signed by the farmers and working-
men of those counties, asking Congress to adopt
the Crittenden propositions. The third memorial
is from Lucy A. James and thirty-five other la-
dies of Phelps county. They come here not in
the spirit of dictation, but as the descendants of
those honored women who showed their devotion
to the country in the days of the Revolution, ask-
ing this House to take such measures as may avert
the calamities which now threaten the country,
and in which those nearest and dearest to them
will be involved.
The memorials were received, and laid on the
table.
TITLE TO CERTAIN LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. TRIMBLE. By the instruction of the
Committee on Public Lands, I desire to report a
joint resolution to quiet title to certain lands in the
State of Iowa, and to ask that the same considered
now and put upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides that all the
title which the United States still retains in the
tracts of lands along the Des Moines river, above
the mouth of the Racoon Pork therein, in the
State of Iowa, which have heretofore been certi-
fied to that State improperly by the Secretary of
the Interior, as part of the grant approved under
the act of August 8, 1846, be relinquished to the
State of Iowa.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Ifthere is any objection made
to it, such objection may be removed by an ex-
planation which will not occupy more than two
minutes.
Mr. THOMAS. I would like to have the bill
explained.
Mr. TRIMBLE. In 1846 the Congress of the
United States made a grant of land to the State of
Iowa to aid in the improvement of the navigation
of the Des Moines river. The Secretary of the
Interior certified to that State some four hundred
thousand acres of land above the mouth of the
Racoon Fork of that river. It has been decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States that
those lands were improperly certified. A sub-
sequent grant made by Congress to the State of
Iowa, for railroad purposes, covers the whole
of these four hundred thousand acres, with the
exception of about one thousand acres. These
lands, therefore, do not revert to the Govern-
ment of the United States in consequence of that
decision, but are still to be retained by the State
for railroad purposes. These lands have been
sold to actual settlers, who have paid their money
for them. They are now occupied, and there
are three or four towns built upon them. There
are, to my actual knowledge, lands among them
worth from fifty to sixty dollars per acre. The
settlers want their titles confirmed. The State
sold and patented the lands to the present occu-
pants; and all this resolution asks is, that their
titles may be confirmed. This resolution is drawn
up, and its adoption recommended, by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. PHELPS. If I am not mistaken, this
question was before the late Secretary of the in"
