1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
ury, with the exception of the one provision, that
the proceeds of the loan shall he applied to the
current expenses of the Government; but I un-
derstand that the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury would have given the actof Jane 22 the same
construction as I now propose to give it, in defi-
nite terms.
I propose to leave nothing to implication. My
amendment proposes that this money can be used,
not merely in the redemption of Treasury notes,
but also to defray the current expenses of the
Government.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that this question is one
of such magnitude that it ought not to be urged
forward m this manner, and pressed upon the
House without time for consideration. I am
ready to'vote for the amendment which I have
submitted, and for the bill as thus amended; but I
must say that I cannot, with the convictions which
I entertain, vote for the bill m the form in which it
has come from the Committee of Ways and Means.
It may be said that this $14,000,000 is inadequate
to defray the expenses of the Government till
the 1st of July next. I concede that it is. I
stated the other day that we would require a loan
of something like $25,000,000 to meet the current
expenses of the Government from now till the 1st
of July next, over and above the receipts from
the ordinary sources of revenue. I still entertain
that opinion, But if the tariff bill should become
a law, then the $21,000,000 loan provided for in it,
added to the $>14,000,000 already at the disposal
of the Government, will make $35,000,000, while
the expenses of the Government will only amount
to $25,000,000 to the 1st of July next, over the
current revenue, as estimated by the Secretary of
the Treasury. I therefore say that it would be
wise to pursue the course which I have indicated;
and that the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means will have the effect of fuither
depressing; the credit of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am somewhat surprised
that my fi lend fiom Missouri should oppose a
measure intended to pay off the existing debts
made by this Administration. I have here a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
stating that there will be an actual deficit in the
revenue of $21,677,524. The deficiency bill ap-
propriates between two and three million dollars.
So that there is an admitted deficiency of about
twenty-four million dollars, to be now provided
for. The amount in the Treasury on the 1st day
of January was $2,233,220, while it requires at
least $5,000,600 in the Treasury to carry on the
daily operations of the Treasury Department So
that a deficiency of not less than $95,000,000
exists, now to be provided for by loan. Now,
Mr. Speaker, under these circumstances, while
the Opposition side of the House bring forward
a bill to place in the power of the Secretary of the
Treasury money to pay off all the existing liabil-
ities, it seems strange to me that any opposition
should come from the othci side of the House.
All of this money will bo required. My friend
from MiNSOuri docs not dispute that every dollar
of tlu-s loan will bo required to pay off existing
liabilities. But he says there is now upon the
statute-book a loan law which would enable the
Secretary of the Treasury by some means or other
to get along until the 4th of March.
Mr. PHELPS. I said that I was informed that
somewhere in the neighborhood of eight million
dollars would be sufficient to defray the expenses
of the Government until the 4th of March—the
balance of the loan authorized in June last, of
which some fourteen million dollars is still within ;
the power of the Secretary of the Treasury to use.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think a simple statement
of this matter will settle this question. By the
law of the 22d June last we authorized a loan of
$20,000,000. A portion of that loan was taken.
The balance could not be sold upon the terms of
the law. I11 last December, at the pressing in-
stance of Mr. Secretary Cobb, we authoiizea the
issue of $10,009,000 Treasury notes, with the spe-
cific pledge of the balance of the loan of June 22,
for the redemption of these Treasury notes. And
now, my friend from Missouri proposes to take
that loan, thus specifically pledged for the redemp-
tion of these Treasury notes, and apply it to the
current expenses of the Government. I say that
it would be a violation of the public faith for this
Congress to pass the law now propored by the
gentleman from Missouri. The moneyed men of
New York would say the credit of the Govern-
ment had been violated; because, when they took
the Treasury notes under the law of December
last, it was with a specific pledge, with a mort-
gage, in fact, upon the loan of the 22d June last,
for their redemption.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio one question. Did he not vote for the
homestead bill which passed during the present
session of Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes.
Mr. PHELPS. And the gentleman voted to
give away the public lands, notwithstanding the
fact that they had been pledged for the redemp-
tion of a former loan?
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been held, over and
over again, that that pledge only existed in regard
to a very small portion of the public debt; and
nearly all that to whichit applied has been paid off.
But here is a specific pledge, made only a little
more than a month ago, that the balance of the
loan of June last shall be pledged for the redemp-
tion of these Treasury notes; and now my friend
from Missouri wants us to take the loan thus set
aside for a particular purpose and apply it to the
ordinary current expenses of the Government.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the plain English of this
matter is, that there is $25,000,000 of debts due,
and no money to pay them with; no revenues to
pay them with. Wuhavegotto resort to the credit
of the Government. I suppose this $25,000,000
piovided for in this bill will be sufficient to settle
up the accounts of this Administration.
My friend refers to the tariff bill. The tariff
bill, if it becomes a law, will probably not take
effect until July next, when it will become neces-
sary to provide by law for a deficiency that^will
accrue in the next fiscal year. That tanif bill
will probably contain a provision for a temporary
loan; but only one, which wiil be required to meet
the deficiencies for the next fiscal year. This loan
bill is for a present deficiency, and therefore its
necessity will not be obviated if the tariff bill shall
become a law.
If, as the gentleman says, the tariff bill will pro-
vide a revenue sufficient to meet the cui rent ex-
penses of the Government, then it will not become
necessary to negotiate the loan provided m the
tariff bill. I certainly hope the event will prove
that the tariff bill we shall pass will produce a
revenue sufficient to meet all the expenses of the
Government. If so, the loan bill which accom-
panies that law will lapse, and that will be the
end of it. I trust that no other Congress will
ever be called on to pass any loan bill to meet the
expenses of the Government in a tunc of profound
peace. The ordinary revenues of the Government
should always be sufficient to meet its expenses,
unlessin timeofwar. For the last three years,and
during every session, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Waysand Means has been compelled to come
m heie with a loan bill, to supply the deficiencies
in the revenues of the Government. I trust such an
event may never occur again in a time of peace.
But it is necessary, now, that we should make
provision to pay off existing liabilities. Whether
these liabilities have accrued in consequence of
mai-admmistration of the Government, or for
whatever cause, no man can doubt our obligation
to make provision for paying off those liabilities.
And here let me say a word to my friends on
this side of the House. I ask them, when we are
compelled to come in here with loan bill after loan
bill to enable theGovernmentto meetitsexpenses,
if it is not time to pause in the appropriations they
are making; certainly for the benefit of moonshine
speculations for rights within the jurisdiction of a
foreign Government.
Now, as I desire to call the previous question
upon this bill before I take my seat, I will answer
any question gentlemen may desire to ask. It is
important that this bill should pass the Senate to-
day.
Mr. HINDMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to offer an amend-
ment; and, if he will allow me, I will state my
reason for offering it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must say to the gentle-
man again that it is important this bill should go
to the Senate in time to have it passed there to-
dy, y, so that the Secretary of the Treasury may
advertise for the loan, as he is required to do, for
ten days.
I will say, in regard to the engraving of the
plate, to which my friend from Missouri alluded,
that the ten days during which the notieecontin-
ues, will, I presume, be sufficient to have the plates -
engraved; and if not, the old plates will answer
the purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. According to the doctrine of
the gentleman, they will all be needed to redeem
the outstanding Treasury notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. vVell, they will not be needed
for that purpose certainly within one year; and
within that time, I presume,the artistsof the coun-
try will be able to get up new plates. So that, it
seems, this objection of the gentleman from Mis-
souri is a very small matter in consideration of a t
bill of this magnitude.
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will permit me to offer my amendment. I
am very anxious to vote for this bill; and I can
do so cheerfully, if my amend ment is adopted; but
otherwise, I shall be compelled to vote in theneg-
Mr. SHERMAN. TJ10 gentleman can send
up his amendment, so that we can understand
what it is. I move the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to ask a single
question. The question I desire to propound to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, is this: the gentleman from Ohio has
stated that, session alter session, the Committee
of Waysand Means have been compelled to bring
forward loan bills to carry on the Government,
i now desire to ask if it is contemplated to bring
forward any other loan bill during the present
session of Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the only loan bill,
except that incorporated in the tariff bill, which
is for a future deficiency, that we contemplate
bringingforward during the present session.
Now, sir, I think the House understands this
matter sufficiently well, and I must insist on my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, let the gentle-
man send up his amendment, and then I ask for
the previous question.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask that my amendment
to the original bill be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that be received, then no
further amendment is in order. Let the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Aikansas be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Add at '1)0 end of the bill:
Provided, That no paitol the loan herein provided tor
shall I)? u°ed in Mippoit or maintenance of any troops or
vc^elt? foi making war a^an^t any Suite or States that
have bcefded or may hereatun* recede from the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that no foreign mat-
ter like that will be insisted on being attached to
this measure.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to move an amendment.
Mr. HINDMAN. Let me ask whether my
amendment has been received?
Mr. SHERMAN. It has not, for the reason
that it is not germane to the subject-matter of the
bill.
Mr. HINDMAN. Some four years ago, when
the Kansas bill was pending, the gentleman from
Ohio offered a similar amendment, which he then
considered rermane and in order
Mr. SHERMAN. That was to an appropri-
ation bill, and limited the appropriation proposed
to be made. This is a loan bill, and an entirely
different matter. 1 do not yield to let the amend-
ment come in.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to strike out of the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Missouii[Mr.
Phelps] so much as authorizes the funds raised
by this loan to be applied in payment of the cur-
rent expenses of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hat is already engrafted
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. MILLSON. That much I propose to
strike out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that
amendment being entered.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Ohio has stated that it was strange the mem-
bers of this side of the House should oppose a biM
for the payment of debts incurred by the present
