114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Administration; and his remarks would leave the
impression upon the House that ho was taking a
step desired by the Administration. I want to
correct that impression. The gentleman will find
that the amendment of the gentleman of Missouri,
with the amendment indicated by myself, will
accomplish all the objects desired by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The gentleman says that we want money to pay
the expenses of the Government after the expira-
tion of tlie present fiscal year; but that is not the
object of the present bill. The Department, at this
time, wants funds to meet the accruing expenses
of the Government before the 4th of March. The
Department will be satisfied with such modifica-
tion of the act of June 22, 1860, as will dispense
with the notice, and authorize the negotiation of the
loan on the most favorable terms. The Depart-
ment does not desire the money raised by this loan
to be diverted from the objects stated in the act of
June, 1860; and therefore, if the amendmentof the
gentleman from Missouri be amended as i propose,
it will meet at once the objection of the gentleman
from Ohio, for it will not then divert the loan from
the objects originally contemplated, which was to
redeem outstanding Treasury notes. The Depart-
ment is now able to meet the expenses of the Gov-
ernment,provided you pass this loan bill with the
modification suggested by the gentleman from
Missouri and myself.
Mr. PHELPS. The modification which I.have
■moved in regard to the bill, does not require the
Secretary of the Treasury to apply the proceeds
of this loan in payment of the current expenses
of the Government. It merely gives him permis-
sion to do so.
Mr. MILLSON. That is true; it only gives
him permission to do so; but even that permis-
sion renders the amendment liable to tjie objection
made by the gentleman from Ohio. The Depart-
ment, as 1 have said, does not want this money to
be applied to the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment. At present Treasury notes are re-
deemed out of the current revenues of the Gov-
ernment; but if this bill be passed it will relieve
the current revenues from that liability to pay the
outstanding Treasury notes. It will raise some
six or seven million dollars; and I will state to the
gentleman from Ohio that the Department does not
propose even to negotiate the whole loan author-
ized by this bill. There will be no necessity for
it. What it wants is an immediate relief to the
Treasury. The gentleman will find that the re-
marks of my friend from Missouri are entirely
correct, if the bill be passed in the mode proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio. If a new loan be
authorized, it will not meet the expectatiens or
•the wants of the Department at all; for it will
postpone the receipt of money into the Treasury
until the 1st of March, at the earliest. As to tbe
funds to be provided for the nextfiscal year, they
will be provided for in the loan bill inserted in
the Morrill tariff1 hill, or in any other loan bill.
"VVhut is necessary now is immediate, prompt re-
lief to the Treosiuy, by dispensing with the ne-
cessity of giving the notice provided in that bill.
Lot the bill bo passed modifying the existing law,
so as to dispense with the notice now required,
anil to authorize the negotiation of the loan on the
best terms, and that will meet with the require-
ments of the Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say a word in reply
to my friend from Virginia, if the course he
suggests be pursued, then there will be no provis-
ion of law for the redemption of Treasury notes
issued under the law of last December. Then,
next December will come around, and there will
be no provision for their redemption. There will
be no loan for their redemption, and this Gov-
ernment will have to go on paying interest at the
rate of twelve per centum per annum upon these
Treasury notes. In that way a burden will be
thrown upon the next Congress that ought to be
provided for by this Congress. And the gentle-
man does not answer my objection, and that is,
that the loan of June 22, 1&60, was specifically
pleaged in December last for the identical notes
issued at that time. How this House can divert
that fund without a violation of the public honor,
I cannot see.
Mr. MILLSON. It is not expecied at the
Treasury Department that the late issue of Treas-
ury notes will be presented for payment,because
of the high rate of interest which they bear
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask my friend one
question. If the course he suggests should be
pursued, is there any provision of law for the
payment of those Treasury notes when they be-
come due ?
Mr. MILLSON. I willanswerthegentleman.
The present bill, as modified by the gentleman
from Missouri and myself, will leave the law
exactly as it stood before, with the exception that
it dispenses with the notice, and authorizes the
negotiation of the loan on any terms that may be
favorable.
Mr. SHERMAN I demand the previous
question.
Mr. GARNETT. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, for information.
Mr. GARNETT. If this bill pass, I under-
stand the gentleman to admit that our obligations
will then be $25,000,000 under this bill, $20,000,000
under the Morrill tariff bill, and $14,000,000 under
aformer bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The §14,000,000 referred
to takes the place of outstanding Treasury notes.
It is not a new loan.
Mr.GARNETT. Aretheloans—$14,000,000,
$20,000,000, and $25,000,000, in all $59,000,000
—required to meet the appropriations made by
this Congress and the outstanding Treasury
notes?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; every dollar of it.
Mr. GARNETT. In addition to the current
revenue?
Mr. SHERMAN. Until the tariff bill be
passed and tried, we cannot tell whether it will
supply sufficient revenue or not to meet the cur-
rent expenses of the Government. But, sir, this
$25,000,000, every dollar of it, is required to meet
existing liabilities. The $14,000,000 provided by
the act of June 22, will be required to meet out-
standing Treasuiy notes.
Mr. GARNETT. Then the Morrill bill loan
will bo mere surplus; and, in fact, this may be
considered a bill for what purposes?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I beg leave to say
to the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that if he de-
pends upon tlie operation of the tariff bill for the
revenues of the country, he, and those who think
with him, will be entirely disappointed. The ab-
rogation of the warehouse system will, I think,
shackle and paralyze the commerce of the coun-
try.
Mr. SICKLES. That is a very good reason
why a tariff bill should be accompanied by a loan
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope gentlemen will not
debate the tariff bill here. I call the previous
question.
The question first being upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Millson to the amendment of Mr.
PllEI-Pb,
Mr. GARNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see no necessity for tak-
ing the yeas and nays upon the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. We want the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Yandlver
and John Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three; noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 desire to have the amend-
mentof the gentleman from Virginia read in con-
nection with the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. WINSLOW. We may very well pass
Pacific railroad bills, and others of that character,
without knowing what we are doing; but when
we come to pa,ss loan bills, I think we should
know what we arc about; and therefore I desire
to have the amendments read.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 wish to make another in-
quiry. The gentleman from Arkansas offered an
amendment, and I desire to know whether, or not,
it was received?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it was
not.
Mr. BURNETT. That amendment only pro-
posed to limit the uses to which this money
should be applied, and we have precedents for
such amendments in the action of former Con-
gresses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not decide
that the amendment was not germane to the bill,
but the gentleman from Ohio did not receive the
amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
had no control over it. He had yielded the floor
to the gentleman from Arkansas.
The SPEAKER. The Chair saw that there
might be confusion, and he paid close attention
to the matter. The Chair states that the gentle-
man from Ohio did not yield for that purpose.
He yielded to hear the amendment read, and after
he heard it, he objected; and then the gentleman
from Virginia rose and offered his amendment.
Mr. HINDMAN. I was giving special atten-
tion to what the gentleman from Ohio was say-
ing, and I think the Chair is in error in his recol-
lection of what he did say. I say—of course, with
all respect to the Chair—the gentleman from Ohio
yielded me the floor to offer my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Only that it might be read;
and then I objected, and said it was not material,
&c. The gentleman from Virginia having offered
an amendment to an amendment, that is the end
of it.
Mr. HINDMAN. Of course"; but the gentle-
man from Virginialiad notoffered his amendment
at the time I offered mine.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood myself aa
objecting in a very polite way.
Mr. HINDMAN. I did notso understand the
matter.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 42; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Alclrich, Al-
ley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Avery,
Barr, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock, Branch, Biiggs,
Bristow, Brown, Buffinton, Burch, Burlmgame, Burnett,
Burnham, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Cobum, John
Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Cox, Burton Craige,
Curtis, Dawes, Dc Jainette, Dimmiek, Ducll, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Edmnndson, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, ron-
ton, Poster, Frank, French, Garnett, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow,
Hale, Hamilton, John T. Hams, Ilatton, llelmick, Hoard,
Humphrey, Hutchms, Jenkins, Junkin, Ftancis W. Kel-
logg, William Kellogg, Kilhnger, Kunkci, Larraboc, Jair.es
M. Leach, Logan, Longnecker,Lovcio.v, Maclav, Mallory,
Maynard, McClcrnand, MeKean, McKenty, McKmatit,
Milison, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Nelson, Nix-
on, Noeli, Palmer, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Pryor, Q.tiarles,
Edwin It. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, James C. Robinson,
Royce, Rust, Scranton, Sherman, Sickles, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stevens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins,
Trimble, Vallandigham, Vance, Vandever, Wade, Wal
dron, Walton, Cadwalader C.Washburn, EihhuB. Wa^h-
burne, Webster, Wilson, Wmdom, Wood, and Wright
—126.
NAYF—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Babbitt, Bavret, Beale,
Brayton, Butterfield, Horace F. Clark, Conway, James
Craig, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, English, Ferry,
Florence, Fouke, Gurley, Hmdman, Hoiman. William
Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes, Irvine,' Kenyon,
Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Loomis, Edward Joy Moms,
Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Niblack, Perry, Phelps, Pottle,
Riggs, William N.H. Smith, Spaulding, Van Wyck, Wells,
Whiteley, Winslow, and Woodruff—42.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. FRENCH stated that Mr. Rick was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. DAWES made a similar statement in icfer-
ence to Mr. Delano.
Mr. CASE made a similar statement m refer-
ence to Mr. Pettit.
The result was announced as above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate h-ad passed a resolution that
a committee be appointed by the President of the
Senate, consisting of three members, to join such
committee as may be appointed by the House of
Representatives to ascertain and report a mode for
examining the vote for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, and of notifying the
persons chosen of their election; and that Mr.
Trumbull, Mr. Foot, and Mr. Latham, had
been appointed such committee upon the part of
the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had ordered the publica-
tion of certain documents.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
House bills, with amendments; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (No. 892) making appropriations for the
