130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February
36tii Cong. ... 2d Sess>
State of the Union—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
disruption of cabinets; the vacillation of the Ex-
ecutive; the decline of the national credit; and,
above all, the insult to the national flag, strike the
eye and fill the heart with indignation. Sir, we
stand to-day amid the falling ruins of the grandest
Government the world ever witnessed.
This revolution—this revolution in the United
States—is unlike all others in recorded history.
When the American colonies rebelled against the
British Crown; when Hungary rebelled against
Austria; when Italy rebelled against the Papal
Power, it was the resistance of the people—people
against oppressions of arbitrary Governments,
in which they had no part, and by which they
were hopelessly crushed. But this is a revolution
against itself, against its own chosen Government,
against its own Administration, against its own
legislation,against its own supreme judiciary, and
against its own national Legislature. Sir, where
can be found—will gentlemen tell me—on all the
face of all the earth, a people or a party, or mem-
bers of a party, so invested with power and so
clothed with authority, that so wantonly aban-
doned position and power under the chimerical
fear, not of present, but of future danger3 Sir, such
a parallel cannot be found.
But this is not all. This revolution is again un-
like others, in the fact that, neither in this House
nor in the Senate has a single petition been filed,
or is now filed, for the redress of grievances. Not
a single petition from the fifteen slave Stales of
the Union. Sir, the reason is apparent. There
are no grievances to redress; for it is a fact, a
fact as plain and open as daylight, that the coun-
try to-day, in every department, at the capital,
in the States, in the Territories, is in the same
condition it was ten years ago when the great peace
measures of 1850 were adopted. I will go one
step-further,and declare that, if there, has been any
material change in the legislation and condition
of the country since then, that change has been
wholly in favor of 4he rebellious and not the loyal
States.
But, sir, the fact is as I have said. There is
no petition in either of the Houses for redress of
grievances. Other people, before they have thought
U necessary to dissolve their political connections
with any Government, have petitioned, prayed,
remonstrated, demanded their rights before they
proceeded to a final extremity. Has such been
the case in this instance? Has South Carolina so
acted? Has Georgia, or Mississippi, or Alabama,
or Florida, or Louisiana? There is no such evi-
dence. No, sir; none. What, then, are we to
do? How are we to act? When and how are we to
commence the work of conciliation? Gentlemen
say, and say continually, do justice to the South.
I have yet to know that injustice haR been done
to the South. Gentlemen say, give to the South
her constitutional rights. 1 have ypt to learn
wherein she has been, or is now, deprived of any
such rights. But if wrongs have been done, how can
they be remedied now? Has not South Carolina,
has not Mississippi, has not Georgia, has not Al-
abama, has not Florida, declared their final sepa-
ration from the Federal Union? Have they not
declared themselves separate and independent Re-
publics? Have thev not undertaken to remedy
their own wrongs? liow, then, can they, orcither
of them, claim anything at our hand? What in-
terest have these States in the Constitution of the
United States, or the Government of the United
States? If these States are each independent, as
they claim, then they have no rights under that
Constitution. If the flag of the United States is
not their flag; if the Constitution of the United
States is not their Constitution; if the Govern-
ment of the United States is not their Government;
if the nationality of the United States is not their
nationality; if the people of the United States is
not their people, then, sir, the door is closed as
between them and us forever. f repeat, forever!
Then, sir, they must stand or fall by the position
they have taken.
Bat, sir, if, as you and I believe, these acts of
secession amount to nothing, so far as the alle-
giance of these States to the Federal Government
is concerned, then the question arises, whether,
m the conventions of the States which claim to
have dissolved their political connection with the
United States, they have declared what causes, if
any, have produced the present condition of the I
country, and what remedy is required for its pres-
ervation and peace. Sir, £ have read the proceed-
ings of those conventions. I have read them
carefully. I have no doubt that they were com-
posed of men of intellect, of character, of prob-
ity, and, what is more, of overvaulting ambition.
Is it not strange, then—is it not remarkable, that,
in all of these conventions except the convention
of South Carolina, no attempt, or shadow of at-
tempt, has been made to justify their action be-
fore the world? Sir, a decent respect for the opin-
ions of mankind impelled our own Declaration of
Independence. Should not a similar respect have
moved Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana,
and Florida'1 Rat their conventions have not done
so. They have avoided, whether wisely or un-
wisely, any justification of their course or motives.
Well, sir, what of South Carolina? What is
her justification? What has her convention pro-
claimed to the world ? We have all seen and read
the declaration of South Carolina. Sir, in my
judgment, silence would have better become her
than so unworthy a declaration of causes of sep-
aration. What are they ? What is their full ex-
tent? Has South Carolina or her people been
deprived of any of their reserved rights by the
General Government ? Has her equality and sov-
ereignty under the Constitution been denied ? Has
she been excluded from the national councils, the
national Treasury, or the national protection?
No, sir; in no instance, at no time. Wherein,
then, are the wrongs South Carolina 1ms sus-
tained? Where the grievances which nmde the
Union intolerable? What are her complaints?
Let us look to the declaration. What is the first
assertion? It is, that fifteen of the States have
deliberately refused, for years past, to fulfill their
constitutional obligations. Sir, this is a grave
charge. This is a charge that should not be made,
except upon ample proof, especially by a State
who, in years past, has been so unmindful of her
own obligations to the Constitution. What States
are these fifteen ? They arc Maine, New Hamp-
shire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut,
Rhode Island, New York, Pennsylvania, Illinois,
Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and
New Jersoy. Wherein have these States refused
to fulfill their constitutional obligations? What
is the specific charge against these States ? It is
that they have enacted personal liberty bills. Sir,
the clmrgc is not true as to all the States. Indi-
ana, if it be a virtue in Indiana, has no personal
liberty bill. Neither has Ohio, nor Illinois, nor
Pennsylvania. In so far, at least, the accusation
of South Carolina is un just. These States have
laws against kidnapping. Maryland has such
laws. Virginia has such laws, livery State in
the Union should have such laws. Every civil-
ized Govcrnmenton earth should have such laws.
They have for their object the highest end of all
Governments, the safety and protection of every
free citizen.
But what of these personal liberty bills. Do
they come in conflict with the constitutional laws
of the General Government? If so, tlvy must
fall to the ground. They are null and void. And
here, sir, is involved another charge against those
States, by the convention of South Carolina. -That
is, that in none of them has the State government
complied with the stipulation made in the Consti-
tution. I will state it more clearly. It is, that
these States have failed to enact laws for the ren-
dition of persons held to service. Sir, in view of
the decision of the Supreme Court, in the case
against the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, this
accusation is most preposterous. What was that
decision? It was, that in the execution of the
Federal law—in that case, the law of 1793—the
Government was confined to the Federal officers,
and that officers of the State were not bound to
execute or enforce the provisions of that law. The
opinion of the court went still further. It declared
that the exclusive power of legislation, on the sub-
ject of persons held to service, was in the Gen-
eral Government. That all State legislation,
whether to aid in the recapture, or to interrupt,
limit, delay, or postpone the right of the owner
to the immediate possession of the slave was un-
constitutional. 3ut this is not all. The opinion
wentstill further, and declared that the State mag-
istrates and authorities might be prohibited by
State legislation from performing any duty under
the act of 3793. How, then, could these States
comply with the demand of South Carolina? To
do so would have been in open violation of the
decision and opinion of the Supreme Court. The
States so arraigned by South Carolina did not
see proper to act so. They acted in accordance
with the decision of the Supreme Court, and erased
from their statutes all laws for the rendition of
fugitives from labor or service. They absolved
the State authorities from all obligation to protect
the right of recapture, and denied the use of all
State property to the Federal Government. Sir,
it is possible that, in their alacrity to conform
their legislation fully with the decision of the Su-
preme Court, several of the States transcended
their just powers. I say it is possible.
But if such be the case, the remedy is plain and
will not be denied. Such laws will, upon full con-
sideration, either be repealed by the several Le-
gislatures of the States, or declared unconstitu-
tional by the Supreme Court, so that, in either
event, the end desired will be secured. So much
for the personal liberty laws, of which the Na-
tional Intelligencer, the ablest political journal in
the United States, after a full review of them, says:
" It will be seen that very few States have enacted laws
dircctly or avowedly in opposition to the act of 1850. Laws
against' kidnapping,' propeily so callcd, cannot be placed
in tins category. Laws forbidding, under tins head, the use
of State jails for Federal purposes, however 'unfriendly'
in motive, aie not 'unconstitutional,' and find parallels in
other eases, and in southern States. Laws forbidding State
officers to lsfue wtits for the leeaptureof alleged fugitives,
are passed in contormity with the decision of the Supieme
Couit of the United States in the celebiated Piigg case."
So much for the refusal of fifteen States to ful-
fill their constitutional obligations in this respect.
Is there any justification for secession in this? Is
there even a pretext? None, whatever. But to
proceed.
What is the next cause What is the next
grievance of South Carolina? There is no other.
This is all, absolutely all. And for this, for a
personal liberty bill, South Carolina has with-
drawn from the Union. Sir, the act is incom-
prehensible. it is the extreme of political mad- .
ness and folly. All else in her declaration is un-
just complaints and groundless fears. Fears—
complaints. Sir, is this worthy of South Caro-
lina? Have the descendants of Sumter and Pinck-
ney and Moultrie degenerated. I hope not; I
know they have not. Then, why these fears?
What people ever before justified their separation
fiom any Government on the ground of fear of
future political action of that Government? Sir,
it was acts, immediate, overwhelming, crushing
acts, of oppression against which they rebelled.
What are these fears and complaints ? Why, sir,
it is alleged that the South will be excluded from
the common territory. How excluded? It is af-
firmed by the action of the General Government.
How can this be ? The whole South insists that,
by the decision of the Supreme Court, the Gen-
eral Government has no power to prohibit slavery
in the territory. If this be so, and if the South
still believes this decision to be correct and a just
interpretation of the Constitution, where, then, is
the danger* How can the South be excluded?
Is not the Supreme Court now the same as when
the decision was made? Is not its decision still
unreversed ? Is not its opinion unchanged ? But
the Supreme Court may be remodeled. Sir, is
this Government to be overthrown upon possi-
bilities? Is this Union to be dissolved upon con-
tingencies ?
But again: what if the Supreme Court is re-
modeled, is there not an Executive and are there
not two Houses of Congress? Is it to be expected
that all of these departments of the Government
will at once, or in the course of years, or ever,
wholly agree upon this question ? I do not think
it probable. But aftei all, what is the condi-
tion of the Territories? Is the South excluded?
How is it with New Mexico ? It was free when
acquired from the Republic of Mexico. Is it not
a slave Territory now? No one will deny that
it is so. It is, so far as the Supreme Court, the
population, and the Territorial Legislature can
make it, slave Territory. What other territory
can the South claim? Is it the territory north
of New Mexico? it is not possible to carry sla-
very there. This southern gentlemen admit.
What Territory then remains? None, sir, none.
