1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
executive, legislative, and judicial expenses ofthe
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
I860; and
A bill (No. 864) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862.
LOAN BILL AGAIN.
The question being next upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Phelps,
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Thomas L. Anderson, Aveiy, Barr, Bo-
cock. Branch, Brown, Burnett, John Clark, John Coch-
rane, Cox, Burton Oraigo, John G. Davi^, Be JarnPtto,
Edmundson, English, Fouke, Gamett, John T. Harris,
Ilindman, Holman, Ilughos, Jenkins, Lanabee, James M.
Loach, Logan, Maclay, MaIlory,M<iynard, Million, Laban
T. Monrp, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Pryor, Quailes, James C. Robinson, ltusl, .Scott, Sickles,
Simms, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes*, Stout,
Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Whiteioy, Winslow, and
Wfight—52.
NAYS—Messrs?. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William O. Andcison, Ashley,
Babbitt, 13calo, liingham, Blair, Blake, Biab&on, Braytoii,
Briggs, Bristow, Buffinton, Burch, Buiimgame, Buinham,
Butterlield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Coburn, Colfax,
Oonkhng, Conway, Covode, James Craig, Curtis, II.Winter
Davis, Dawes, JDuell, Dunn, Edsjerton, Edwards!, Eliot,
Ely, Etheridge, Fenton, Feiry, Florence, Foster, Frank,
French, Gilmer, Gooch, Giow, Gurlcy, Hale, Ilatton, Ilel-
mick, Hoard, William A. Ilowaid, Humphrey, Ilutchins,
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ken-
yon, Kilgoie, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long-
nccker,Loomis,Lovcjoy, Maiston, McCleinancKMeKean,
McKenty, McKnight, Montgomery, Moorhoad, Momll,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Mori>c, Nelson, Nixon,
Olm, Palmer, Peny, Porter, Poller, Pottle, Edwin II. Rey-
nolds, Riggs,Christophor Robinson, Royee, Seranton, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton. Stevens,
William Stewait, Stratton, Tappan, Thaver, Tompkins,
Tiain, Trimble, Vandevei, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldion',
Walton, Cadvvalader C. Washburn,"Ellihu B. Wa^hburne,
Websteij Wells, Wilson, Wood, and Woodruff—120.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, stated that had he
been within the Hall when his name was called,
he should have voted in the affirmative.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rum, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William (j. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biayton, Briggs, Bnstow,
Buffinton, Burch, Buiimgame, Buniham, Butterlield,
Campbell, Caiey, Caiter, Case,Cobuin, Colfax, Conkling,
Conway, Covode, James Craig, Cintis, II. Winter Davi«,
JohnG. Davis, Dawes, Duel!, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwaids,
Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Ferry, Fioience, Foster, Frank,
French, Gooch, Grow, Gin ley, Hale, llelnnck, IJo.inl, Hol-
man, William A Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, [iutchins,
Irvine, Junkin, Fianeis W. Kellogg, Kenyon,Kiigorc, Kil-
linger,Lairabee, DeWittC. Leach,Lee, Longneckei,Loo-
nifs, Lovejoy, Maclay, McKean, McKenty, Mclvmgiit,
Montgomery, Moorhead, >Iori ill.Edwai dJovMoni^, Isaac
N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Noell, Palmer,
Perry,Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin II. Reynolds,John H.
Reynolds,Riggs,Chii!>tophei Robinson, JamesC. Robinson,
Royce, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles,
Spauiding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewait,
Stout, Stratton, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Van-
tiever, Van Wyck, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wasiiburne, Webster, Wells,
Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barret,
Beale, Bocock, Brabson, Branch, Brown, Burnett, John
B.Clark,John Cochrane, Cox,BurtonCraige,De Jarnette,
EdmunUson, Etheridge, Gamett, John T. Harries, Hatton,
Hindman, William Howard, Jenkins, James M. Leach,
Logan, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand,
Millson, Laban T.Moore, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Quarles, Rust, Simms, William N H. Smith, Stevenson,
Stokes, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Wiuteley, Wins-
low, and Wiight—46.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, (when his name was
called,) said: Not regarding thisasa war measure
by any means, I vote " no" for other reasons.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Pending that motion, I move that the
debate upon the pending amendment—the Cluri-
qui amendment—terminate at four o'clock.
COUNTING OF VOTES FOR PRESIDENT, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I move to take up the reso-
lution of the Senate in relation to the mode of
counting the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to taking up that
resolution now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it is
a privileged question. It is in reference to carry-
ing out a constitutional provision, and I shall
propose the usual resolution upon the part of the
House, following the precedents of foity years
without variation.
Mr. GARNETT. I submit that it is not in
order to submit that motion except by unanimous
consent. It is perfectly competenfrfor the gentle-
man,following the rules of the House,on Monday
to move to suspend the rules, or else to proceed
to the business upon the Speaker's table, thereby
reaching that resolution in the regular way. A
question of privilege is a question touching the
rights of some member of this House, or touching
the privileges of this House. This, like many
other duties imposed upon us by the Constitution,
is to be exercised in the regular way, in conform-
ity to the rules of the House. It does not touch
the privileges of the House or of any of its mem-
bers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
is a constitutional requirement that the votes shall
be counted on o certain day; and in that aspect of
the case, it seems necessary that arrangements
should be made for that purpose. The Chair is
therefore of the opinion that this is a privileged
question.
Mr. GARNETT. I doubt not that the decis-
ion of the Chair will be affirmed by the House;
but I feel so confident thai it is wrong—I say it
with great deference to the Speaker—that I re-
spectfully take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal upon tl*p table.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish simply to say
that while I have no objection to the passage of
the resolution, I think the point of order is well
taken.
Mr. GARNETT. That is precisely my own
position. I have no objection to the resolution,
or to the counting of the votes in a perfectly reg-
ular way; but I am unwilling to afford any facil-
ities against the rules of the House for that pur-
pose. I demand the yeas and nays on the motion
to lay the appeal on the table; and I call for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not oidered.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
Mr. GAR.NETT culled for tellers on the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaiinett,
and Wamiburste of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 106, noes 19.
">So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid upon the table.
The resolution of the Senate was again read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following resolution:
Resolccd, That the House nsree to the appointment of a
committee, io consist of live incnibcis, to join faanl com-
nfitteo on the part ot' the Senafe.
I will state that that resolution is precisely the
same as the resolution offered by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, on the 2d of February, 1857.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASBRTTRNE. of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed the fol-
lowing committee 011 the part of the House:
Messrs. Washburne of Illinois, Adrain, Craig
of Missouri, Ely, and Anderson- of Kentucky.
PRINTING OF PATENT OFFICE JlEPOllT.
Mr. GURLEY. A few days ago the House
adopted a resolution instructing the Committee
on Printing to inquire and report the causes of the
delay in the printing of the mechanical portion of
the Patent Office Report. 1 addressed a letter to
the Superintendent of the Public Printing on that
subject, and I hold in my hand his answer. I ask
that it he read.
The Cleric read the letter.
Mr. GURLEY. I move that the letter of the
Superintendent, with the letters accompanying it,
be laid upon the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to
PRINTING OP A REPORT.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that thirty thousand
extra copies of the report of the select committee
in reference to the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege be printed.
The motion was referred, under the rule, to the
Committee on Printing.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the motion
that general debate on the Chiriqui amendment of
the Senate to the deficiency bill close at four 0 'clock
this afternoon.
Mr. MORSE. I hope my friend, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, will not
press that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we have wasted
enough time about this Chiriqui matter—three
days.
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to the gentleman
that he should name five o'clock instead of four.
Mr. MORSE. I will say to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means that this is a
measure which was reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs. No member of that committee
has yet succeeded in getting the floor to explain
the reasons which induced the committee to re-
port this measure to the House. We have had
two hour speeches against the amendment and
one for it. The gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] who now has the floor, is also opposed to
the measure, and will probably occupy the re-
maining hour which the gentleman proposes to
allow for this debate. Thus, Mr. Speaker, the
Committee on Naval Affairs will be entirely over-
slaughed, and will not be allowed the privilege of
giving the reasons which induced us to bring the
measure before the House. I hope that the de-
bate will not be limited.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio that he do not move to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, at this time. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Hughes] has the floor upon the
report of the select committee of thirty-three, and
is anxious to proceed now, being unable to pro-
ceed by gas-light because of a defect in his vision;
and he will find it necessary, I understand, to read
a number of extracts.
Mr. SHERMAN. My desire to dispose of this
deficiency bill grows out of the fact that poor men
have money due them for printing, and other ser-
vices about this Capitol, which is provided for in
the bill, and they come to me every day, wanting
to know when the deficiency bill will pass, some
of them saying that they are really in need. I
hope, therefore,- that we shall not continue (he
discussion of this Chiriqui matter.
Mr. MAYNA=RD. Let the deficiency bill go
through, and let the Chiriqui matter stand upon
its own merits. We can then discuss it at our
leisure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed by my col-
league, [Mr. Stanton,] who has the floor ill com-
mittee, that he is willing to waive his right, and
allow the gentleman from Maine to be heard.
Mr. STANTON. I shall not occupy more than
ten minutes.
Mr. SCOTT. I suppose that the State which I,
in part, represent upon this floor, is more immedi-
ately and directly interested in this Chiriqui mat-
ter than all the other States put together. It is
my desire to submit a few remarks to the House
upon the subject. Two long and able speeches
have been made in opposition to the amendment
of the Senate; and I hope that, considering the
importance of the subject, the chauman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will not put the
gag law upon us.
I understand that the Committee of Ways and
Means have unanimously reported against ^his
amendment. That committee is certainly entitled
to high respect; but the Committee. 011 Naval Af-
fairs is equal to it in every respect. Two mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means have
been heard, and I have no doubt my friend from
/
