132
APPENDIX TO THE (JONGEESSIOi AL GLOBE.
[February
36xh Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
the slave States, will sustain one hundred million
slaves. The Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Hammond] is my authority. He made the state-
ment last session in the Senate. Why acquire
more territory, then, for slavery, for that is the
meaning of the amendment? There are four mil-
lion slaves now. Not within a hundred years,
can this number be increased to a hundred mil-
lion. Not within our lifetime, or the lifetime of
our children, can this be done. Still, the prop-
osition is urged that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States shall recognize slavery in all that terri-
tory south of the line of demarcation now held or
hereafter acquired.
But gentlemen say it does not follow that terri-
tory shall be acquired. Gentlemen are mistaken.
It does follow beyond all cavil. It means the dis-
membcrmentofMexico. ItmeansCuba. It means
Central America. It means an empire of slavery,
such as the world has never before witnessed. Sir,
is it not strange, that to-day, while the Union is
in the very throes of dissolution, the American
Congress is gravely deliberating as to the future
condition of territory not one inch of which we
now own? 1 will never assist to lay 'he founda-
tions of such an empire. But this is not all. The
other object of the amendment is, that in all this
territory where slavery shall bo recognized, that
slavery shall he protected as property. Acquisi-
tion of territory. Property in man. These are the
peculiarcharacteristics of the amendment. Herein
the Senator from Kentucky differs from the Presi-
dent. The President asks for an explanatory
amendment of the Constitution, to the effect that
the present Constitution recognizes property in
man. Not so the Senator: his is an original prop-
osition, to so amend the Constitution as to declare
that property m mun is just and right. Sir, Mr.
Madison did not think so. That great statesman
thought it wrong to admit i>,h the Constitution the
idea there could be property in man. Mr. Speaker,
I prefer to stand by the old Constitution, and to
walk in the old ways of the fathers of the Consti-
tution. What is the Government of the United
States? "Why was it established? Justice, tran-
quillity, defense, general welfare, and above all,
hbei ty. These were the grand objects of the
Union. And, sir, they have been secured, ail se-
cured. Shall they now all be thrown aside, and
property in man be placed before and above all
those considerations? Shall this political struct-
ure, which was commenced injustice, which has
grown in tranquillity, at last, as it rises to its per-
fect completion, be devoted to slavery ? I cannot
believe so.
Again: not only docs this plan of the honora-
ble Senator look to future acquisition of terutory
and the recognition of slavery in the Constitution,
but the further duty of the tentorial government
to protcct, bv all its departments, slavery ns prop-
erty. All tne departments—the legislative, the
judicial, and theexciuuvo departments of the ter-
ritorial government—all are to be used to protect
this property, it is to have extraordinary pio-
tection and recognition. Do a majority of the in-
habitants of the Territory desire not to have this
new species of property? That desire is nothing.
Do a majority of the inhabitants of the Temtory
wish to exclude this property from their territorial
limits? Their wish isnothing. Thedirection ofthe
constitutional amendment is positive. This prop-
erty shall be protected. What, then, becomes of
the right of the majority? It will be impotent. It
will be powerless. It is useless to think of such
an amendment ofthe Constitution. It cannot be
productive of any good, whatever. It can never'
bring peace. Peace! Sir, I know of nothing that
this.Congresscould do which would serve to alien-
ate the people of this country sooner than the
adoption of this amendment. Revolution then j
would be inevitable, I beg gentlemen will re- j
member this. Revolution would come in the !
North, sir, in the North. j
I will not detain the House much longer with j
the consideration of the resolutions of the Sen- :i
ator from Kentucky. They are all to the same ij
end; their object is unmistakable. The power of j|
Congress is to be denied wherever it might affect
the slightest interests of slavery, in the dock- ij
yards and arsenal.-*, in all the public property of J
the United Stales ►-1: hin the limits of a slave St^ie. 1 •
in the District of Columbia, m the transportation
of slaves into States or Territories, everywhere
where slavery now exists, where it may hereafter
exist, the Congress of the United States, even
though it have absolute jurisdiction, is to be for-
ever silent; add to this a solemn approval of the
fugitive slave law in all of its parts; add to this
an approval of its constitutionality in all its ports;
add to this, the repeal of all State laws which the
several States have deemed necessary for the pro-
tection of their citizens, and then you have, in all
its proportions, the plan of conciliation of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. Sir, it is a plan for perpet-
ual slavery. It bristles all over with " devilish
enginery 55 to guard every outpost and protect
every advance of slavery. In every word, line,
and period, it is a protest against liberty. I can-
not congratulate the Senator on such a close of
his long, useful, and patriotic public life.
Thete remains the plan of'the committee of
thirty-three. That plan, sir, cannot produce paci-
fication, for this reason: in its very character it
is temporary. Itis a mere truce. Indeed, ithas
been rejected in advance by the States which have
rebelled; and 1 have no assurance that it will prove
satisfactory to the slave States which yet remain
in the Union. I do not believe that it will prove
satisfactory to anybody. What does the commit-
tee of thirty-three propose? Not a single thing
new that is important; not a single thing old that
is not made worse. The first proposition recom-
mended by the committee is this amendment to
the Constitution:
Art. XII. No amendment of this Constitution, having
for its object any mteileience within the States!, with the
relation between thou citizens, and those described in sec-
tion second of the first article ot the Constitution as all
other persons, shall originate, that doe^s not tocogmze that
relation within its own limits, or shall be valid without the
assent of every one of the States composing the. Union."
I cannot agree with this amendment. 1 do not
deem it proper or necessary. Notbecausel think
that Congress has power under the Constitution
to abolish slavery in the States. Not at all. 1 do
not think so. And it is for that very reason that
I am averse to this amendment. Why should this
amendment be made to the Constitution? Sir,
why? I do not know of any persons anywhere
who have claimed the power under the Constitu-
tion to abolish slavery in the slave States. Of
the three million voters of the North, I have never
yet heard of one who claimed the power; notone.
But we are told that the South has apprehen-
sions. Apprehensions, indeed ! Well,sir, are we
to legislate for the apprehensions of the South r
In what manner did the South acquire these ap-
prehensions? Not from the party with which I am
associated. Not from its millions. These appre-
hensions have been engendered by themselves.
Cut, I am asked, will you not remove these ap-
prehensions, and tears and prejudices? No, sir;
no! That is their own work. They have let loose
these imprisoned winds, it is their duty to direct
the whirlwind. Point your people to the Consti-
tution; tell them there is no such power there,
and cannot bo placed there.
But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] says that his constituents do notbclicvc their
political opponents,do not believe their own Rep-
resentatives, when they inform them what, are
and what are not the designs ofthe North. The
gentleman from Virginia is a fiank, honorable
man,and no doubt represents as intelligent a con-
stituency as there is in the whole South, or m the
whole country. If they will not believe us, and
will not believe him, when we both declare that
Congress hasnopoweroverslaveryin the States,
then, though one should rise from the dead, he j
could not remove their disbelief. If the Consti- !
tution, wlnchgivcs no powernow over the qucs- j
tion of slavery in the States, is not sufficient, then
no amendment will be sufficient. If defamation
and a misconception of the purposes of one part of
the people of this country have shaken the faith of
anotherpart of the people in the most perfect Con-
stitution ever framed, then no apprentice work of
ours, no amendment that we can make to that
Constitution, will restore that faith. That is my
belief: and upon it I intend to act. Whenever the
Representatives of any people consent to abandon
their just position* and shape their legislation to j
suit the caprice, the prejudices, and theapprehen- ;
/•nous of any people, then the.Government of that j
p.'opie will luve wfe'dlv Oiled. ;
I cannot consent to thisamendmentforanother
reason. While I am willing m any manner, out-
side a change of the Constitution, to declare to
the South—and I am willing to vote for the res-
olution which passed the first Congress of the
United States, which was—
*' Resolved, That Congress have no authoiity to interfere
in the emancipation of slave*, oi the treatment of them, in
any of the States; it remaining with the several States
alone to provide rules and regulations therein which hu-
manity and true policy may require —
while I am willing to vote for this resolution, to
place it on the records in the most solemn manner
possible, that the people I represent—that the
North—does not seek to interfere in any manner
with slavery in the slave States, still I am not
willing to bind the action of this Government, in
all future time, in so preposterous and absurd a
manner as proposed in this amendment. What
is this chain that we thus forge for ourselves? It
is, that the free States shall never have the power
to originate any amendment having fur its object
any interference with slavery in the States. Does
not this give exclusive right of consultation to the
slave States on that subject? Sir, in 1841, as a
Representative of Massachusetts, John Q.uincy
Adams, whose fame has filled the world, denied
this right in the slave Stales. To-day, another
Representative from the same Massachusetts, and
bearing his honored name, gives a very different
utterance on this floor. I fear that the power of
slavery has not declined.
But what more of this amendment? It discrim-
inates in favor of this right, by declaring that no
amendment of the Constitution by which it may
be affected, whenever originated, shall be valid
without the assent of all the States composing the
Union. Why make this discrimination? Any
other amendment requires only three fourths of
the States; but this, of nil the States.
But there is another reason why I cannot agree
to the amendment. Look at the institution of sla-
very. It now numbers four million. Itis increas-
ing rapidly; within twenty years we shall have
fifteen million; and within forty years thirty mil-
lion slaves. Sir, Russia trembled beneath the
weight of twenty million serfs. That mighty em-
pire escaped revolution by emancipation. But,
when the close of this century shall look down
on America with her thirty million slaves, what
then will be our relation, as a Government, with
slavery? Even now, throughout ail the slave
States, there is required an efficient police for the
security of the people of those States. With in-
creased number of slaves, there will arise the
necessity of increased police regulations, until, at
length, the States will bccome unequal to their
own protection from insurrection. What, then,
will be required of the General Government?
Why, sir, with this amendment in the Constitu-
tion, with this perpetual sanction of slavery, it
will be the clear duty of the Government to give
all of its pow«*r, its Army and Navy, increased a
hundied fold, if necessary, not only to suppress
servile war, but in peace, in time of peace, to
keep in subjection all these slaves. Already in
the Senate the honorable Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Green] has proposed an armed police along
the whole line of slave States for the arrest of
fugitives. The time will come when such an
armed police will be demanded by the .slave States,
and with justice, too, when the Government has
pledged itself to the protection of slavery by the
adoption of this amendment. 1 shall vote against
the amendment.
But what is proposed next as a measure of con-
ciliation? The admission of New Mexico. Now,
I do not believe that this adjustment of the terri-
torial question can have any beneficial effect. If
it is intended to pacify the South, then I am as-
sured that it will not have that effect; and I know
it is not a measure for the benefit of the North. I
feel justified in saying so from the report of the
chairman of the committee of thirty-three. All
consideration of the North seems carefully ex-
cluded from that report; and if such was not the
character of the report, the speech of the honora-
ble chairman [Mr. Conwix] would dispel all
doubt as 10 the object of this act for the admis-
sion of New Mexico. What did he say?
Von want New Mexico, which lie? south of this line
of 35° HO' New Mexico, you f-av. belong.-" to you. Take
ii: take it,,;
