1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
36th Coxg....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stokes.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. Speaker, what docs this mean? What is
the extent of this now creed? When is it to bo
repeated? Where is it to end? Sir, the whole
measure is too transparent to deceive any one.
New Mexico is to be surrendered to slavery. The
chairman of the committee of thirty-three dis-
tinctly says so. Not only that, but he graciously
informs the South that New Mexico can be made
a slave State sooner now than at any other time.
Therefore the offer. I would like to know the
gentleman's authority, or any gentleman's author-
ity, thus unceremoniously to dispose of New Mex-
ico to slavery. Have the committee of thirty-three
had a revelation from the people since the 6th of
last November? If not, I propose to stand by that
decision until I have abetter cause for its abandon-
ment than is shown in the report of the majority
of that committee.
But what is the real meaning of the admission
of New Mexico. Is it not that whatever territory
may hereafter be acquired shall be slave territory,
and shall be organized into slave States? If it is
not worth while to struggle to preserve New
Mcxico free; if that Territory is to be given up
now, is it not a virtual admission that all the ter-
ritory hereafter—Mexico, Central America, or
whatever we may acquire—shall be slave? It
cannot be doubted. It is a covert agreement that
all the territory which we now hold, all the terri-
tory which we may hereafter hold, shall be con-
verted into slave territory; and, in time, the Amer-
ican continent, from the western line of Mis-
souri to the Pacific, all southward, be dotted over
with slave States. Sir, if this thing is to be done,
let us do it manfully. Let us agree upon the
plan of the Senator from Kentucky. Let us not
hide behind New Mexico. What [ do, I want to
do openly, boldly, so that all the world may see.
If it is not to be done, let us stand by our princi-
ples to the last, come what may; let us perform
our duty, whatever may be the consequences.
But another reason: why the necessity of this
enabling act ? New Mexico can form a constitu-
tion without such an act. She has the precedent of
Arkansas, of Michigan, and of Oregon. All of
these Statescamc into the Union withoutenabling
acts. So can New Mexico. By the act of 1850,
NewMcxico is authorized tnfnrmaconstitution.
But independent of the act of 1850, and independ-
ent of all other acts of Congress, New Mexico or
any other Territory can form a constitution and
apply for admission. But does New Mexico de-
sire admission? I see no such evidence. There
is no such petition here from that Territory.
There is no constitution before Congress for its
consideration: the whole act is gratuitous. It was
not asked for, is not need( d, and is not desired by
the inhabitants of New Alexico. Is it not better
to consult their feelimrs' Is it nor better to await
their action? [ think so. The inhabitants of
New Mexico know besttheirown wants and their
capability to sustain a State government. But
what are the requisites of an American State?
Population, resources, commercial facilities, a
proper knowledge of republican institutions, and
the ability to sustain an independent State govern-
ment. These are some of the requisites. Has
New Mexico these requisites in such a degree as
to entitle her to admission ? It will not he so con-
tended. Her population, in aTerritory five times
larger in extent than the largest State in the Union,
is not sufficient to entitle her toa Representative.
Would it, then, be an act of justice to the older
States to admit such a State to equal suffrage in
the Senate,as well as representation in the House?
Would it not be rank injustice?
Again: New Mexico has no commercial facil-
ities, or at least they are insignificant in charac-
ter; and it is universally admitted that, at this
time, the inhabitants of the Territory have not
the power to maintain aStategovernment. New
Mexico was a State of Mexico. Her inhabitants
are almost entirely of the Mexican race. They
are not Americans, as we understand the term
American. Politically, I admit they are so. Yet,
sir, their opinions of government are, to a great
extent, those which they received while a part of
their mother country; and without any desire to
do injustice to the inhabitants of that Territory,
I must say, with proper exceptions, the great
mass are not fit to form a Slate government and
be admitted into this Union on jui equality with
the other States of the Union; and emphatically
so when the proposition is, as proposed, to admit
New Mexico with any constitution she may adopt,
with any legislation she may retain, with any
system of peon or African slavery she may ap-
prove, upon the proclamation of the President of
the United States. And after all, her admission
cannot in any way effect conciliation. Asameas-
ure of peace, it is useless. The views of the mi-
nority, presented by the honorable gentleman
from Louisiana, [Air. Taylor,] will satisfy any
one of this fact. He (and with him his colleagues
upon the committee) says:
(i Willi respect to the other propositions reported, the un-
dersigned are constrained to say, that, in tiieir view, none
of them will be likely to promote the objcct had in view,
while some of them would be prejudicial to the public In-
terest it they should be carried into effect. This is partie-
ulaily tiue witli respect to the enabling act for tiic admission
of the Termoty ot New Mexico as a State. The admission
of New Mexico into the Union as a State, though she has
estabiudied slavery within her limits bv the action of her
Territonal Legislature, would in no way tend to the settle-
ment of the principle involved in the territorial question,
which has become of l^ite years cueh a fruitful source of
agitation in both sections of the Union."
I have no doubt these gentlemen are correct.
The admission would have no effect in the settle-
ment of the slavery question. Why, then, abase
ourselves when no good is to follow? Why abase
ourselves at all? Hie other propositions of the
committee I shall not consider. It is not neces-
sary, as I shall not vote for either of them. I ad-
mit the right of the South to a fugitive slave law
under the Constitution; but the proposed amend-
ment of the fugitive slave law cannot reconcile me
to any approval whatever of that law, which, in
my opinion, is at variance with the Constitution
in some of its provisions. I deem, sir, the rendition
of any person held to service or labor at public
cost unauthorized by the Constitution, and in di-
rect opposition to the opinions of the men by whom
the Constitution was fiamed. This amendment
provides for an additional expenditure out of the
national Treasury, with but indifferent guarantees
to the person who may be claimed.
As to the amendment to the act for the rendi-
tion of fugitives from justice, I will only say that,
in my judgment, the highest business of the State
should be the protection of its citizens. It is better
that bitter contests should arise, than that this
protection should be weakened m the slightest
degree. It is now properly in the hands of the
Executive of each State. 1 shall not transfer it to
the Federal judges.
Mr. Speaker, I have now considered all the
plans of adjustment before Congress. No one of
them can bring: permanent and lasting peace to the
country. I admit the Union is in peril. But the
plan of the President cannot save the Union; the
plan of the Senator from Kentucky cannot save
the Union; the plan of the committee of thirty-
three cannot save the Union. I do not believe
that there is any possibility that this Congress
can do anything to effect a settlement—we differ
too widely and radically. I say to you, and I
say to my constituents, that if I believed we ought
to concede, I would not offer the half made-up
compromise of the committeeof thirty-three. No,
sir, it is a sham; and I believe with Carlyle, that
whenever you meet a sham, smite it and smite
it—in God's name, snme jt until it dies or you
die. But I see nothing to compromise, nothing to
concede, and therefore I will give none whatever.
What then can be done' Sir, in the shadows
which have fallen so thick around us, I can see
but one path—it is the path of duty. We have a
Union. For eighty years it has been the admira-
tion of the world. We have a Constitution, the
most perfect ever conceived. We have laws, the
wisest and best, with all their faults, it has been
the fortune of any people to enjoy. Let them all
be preserved—all; every one in all its parts. But
if this cannot be done; if treason has become
stronger than the Union and the Constitution
and the laws; if America has fallen from her high
position and become the laughter of the world; if
this is the only Government of all those which
have existed, or which now exist, that cannot
protect itself, then I would vote for the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That it
be, and is hereby, recommended to the several States of the
Union that they, through their respective Legislature?.
request the Congress of the United States to call aconvcn-
tion of all the States, in accordance with article five of the
Constitution, for the purpose of amending said Constitution
in such manner and with regatd lo such subjects as will
more adequately respond to the wants, and afford more
sufficient guarantees to the diversified and growing interests
or the Government and of the people composing the same.
Sir, it is possible that a convention of all the
States could adjust all our national differences.
Such a national convention is constitutional. It
may be both wise and proper at this time; and if
it should fail to continue us as one people, it can
at last, when all else fails, provide for a peaceful
and constitutional separation of the States of the
Union, not for reconstruction, but for the forma-
tion of independent republics. In that event, I
know where my allegiance will be. It will be to
the North; that North which to-day, as well as
two hundred years ago, when the first foot stepped
from the Mayflower upon her soil, reveres reli-
gion and law and civil liberty; and they cannot be
extinguished in all the fires of dissolution. To
that North in which I think will be realized the
vision of John Milton, when he exclaimed, I see
in my mind a noble and puissant nation rousing
herself like a strongman after sleep, and shaking
her invincible locks; methinks I see her as an
eagle muing her mighty youth, and kindling her
undazzledcycsat the full mid-day beam, and purg-
ing her long-abused sight at the fountain itself of
heavenly radiance; to that empire of liberty upon
wliose soil no slave now stands, and no slave will
ever stand, I give all my allegiance. But, until
that hour of separation shall come, (which may
He who guides the destinies of nations avert,)
until that hour, although the sun in the heavens
be darkened, and the vail of the temple of liberty
be rent in twain, still will I stand amid its falling;
columns, and maintain with all my power the
sacred cause of human rights.
Mr. Speaker, I will compromise no longer with
slavery.  
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. B. STOKES,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
February 1, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the selcct committee of thirty-three—
Mr. STOKES said:
Mr. Speaker: I feel that there is less necessity
for mc to address the House on the pending prop-
ositions since I have heard the eloquent, unan-
swerable speech just made by the honorable gen-
tleman from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton:;] but, as a
Union man, as a lover of my whole country*, I
deem it my imperative duty to my immediate
constituents and to the people of Tennessee to
speak out frankly and fearlessly the earnest con-
victions of my heart, and to warn them of the
dangers which lie before them. It is not my pur-
pose to reply particularly to any of the various
gentlemen who have preceded mc in debate. I
will seek no issues with any member. My desire
is to do and contribute whatever I may toward
the adjustment of the unhappy differences that
afflict the country; to allay as far as possible the
storm that howls about us; and to restore, as best
we may, peace and harmony to the American
people. I shall treat the questions at issue hon-
estly, fairly, truthfully. I shall endeavor to speak
the truth; yes, sir, the whole truth will 1 speak,
although the heavens fall. Gentlemen who have
preceded me have indulged freely in crimination
and recrimination. Each party has endeavored
to affix all blame and responsibility on the other.
Such a course I will not attempt to imitate. I
propose to consider the alleged causes for the agi-
tation and excitement under which this Union
totters to its fall; for the country is shaken and
convulsed as it never was before. A little more
than a year ago, it reposed in peace and prosper-
ity. What has since occurred to distract and
diive it to the verge of revolution and ruin ? What
are the causes of all this wild commotion and
wide-spread alarm?
It is said, sir, that the Republican party is op-
posed to the further extension of slavery into the
free Territories of the United States. This is'trufc;
