718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
mus of Panama—and embraces four provinces,
one of which is the province of Chiriqui.
This, sir, shows with perfect plainness, that if
the Government of New Granada had undertaken
to grant to the Chiriqui Company or Mr. Thomp-
son, a right to construct a railroad, or even a
macadamized road, across the province of Chiri-
qui, or across any part thereof, with a view to
connect the two oceans, the grant would have been
wholly void, as being in direct violation of its
contract with the Panama Railroad Company.
And if, under such a grant, an attempts were made
to construct the projected Chiriqui railroad, the
courts would be constrained,by the plainest prin-
ciples of law, upon the application of the Panama
Railroad Company, to enjoin the prosecution of
the work. And this, sir, is the railroad privilege
for which we are invoked to make a vast appro-
priation ; and to shut our eyes, demand no secu-
rity, and have faith that all will be well! This is
the way in which the Panama railroad monopoly
is to be broken up, and such golden fruits are to
be dropped into our lap ! Sir, our credulity,
though great, can hardly be thus practiced upon.
Sir, it is due to the intelligence of the Secretary
of the Navy to say, that in his contract with the
Chiriqui company and Mr. Thompson, he does
not stipulate for a right of transit over a railway
or for the construction of a railway; nor does he
even stipulate that the company shall improve the
old provincial roadway granted, with certain lim-
itations, to Mr. Thompson. The stipulation is
simply for a right of transit over the roadway,
which could be of no value to the Government
whatever. The right to construct a railway, the
practicability of the enterprise, and its value to
the Government, seem to have been an after-
thought, more fully to insure the confirmation of
the contract by this House.
Mr. SICKLES. If I understand the point made
by the gentleman—and if I have failed to do so,
it is not for the want of close attention, but on
account of the difficulty of hearing—he objects
bccause the territory upon which the load is to
be constiucted is not within the jurisdiction of
Costa Rica, and therefore it is not covered by the
contract of Gth July.
Mr. PORTER. I do not know the date of the
contract. I will soon allude to that point if the
gentleman will allow me to proceed; and at that
point I will thank him to interrupt me.
The Government of New Granada acted in good
faith when it made its grant to Mr. Thompson;
and it did not contemplate a grant to him of the
right to construct a railway. The contract is
plain. I will now read from it:
" Article 1. An exclusive privilege for sixty years is
hereby conceded to Ambrose W. Thompson, for improving
in a solid manner, fit for the transit of wheeled vehicles,
and maintaining In good condition, the ptovineial road
opened mor«? than fourteen yi'iirs ago, between this city
and lioeas delToro; which starts from this capital, crosses
the CordilleuH, and toiminates at Chiri<jm lagoon, on the
Atlantic. The pcuod mentioned in this article, shall date
from the day when the Improvement of the load shall be
entirely completed according to the terms of this con-
tract."
Mr. Thompson is to maintain and improve the
old provincial road. To construct a railroad would
supersede and destroy it, and not maintain and
improve it. The context shows that, by tho term
" wheeled vehicles," railroad cars were not meant
to be included, and repels the idea of a railroad
grant. Article seventeen provides that—
"The full time for which this privilege is given having
expired, the piovince of Chiriqui shall enter in full posses-
sion of all the properties belonging to the enterprise, that
i<3, the wharves-, bridges, toll-houses, offices, docks, store-
house?, &c., and all the things belonging to the road, with-
out Mr. Thompson receiving any indemnity whatsoever;
he being bound to deliver over tho road, with all its appur-
tenances in the same state In which he lias kept it during
the period of the privilege."
Who ever heard, sir, of a toll-house to a rail-
road ? What was meant was what was said—that
this company should improve and maintain the
old provincial common highway, and mightercct
toli-^ati's to collect tolls thereon.
Something has been said here about a grant
by the Government of Costa Rica to this Chiriqui
company to construct a railroad. Why, sir, the
southern boundary of Costa Rica is many miles
from either terminus of this projected railroad;
and this raihoad, at no point, touches the terri-
tory of Costa Rica.
Mr. SICKLES. It is right at this point that
I desired to interrupt the gentleman. That posi-
tion is accurate, perhaps, with reference to the
former limits and boundaries between Costa Rica
and New Granada, but it is not correct with refer-
ence to the present boundaries and limits since
the new treaty of limits and boundaries between
New Granada and Costa Rica.
Mr. PORTER. I thank the gentleman for
alluding to that matter, for I have the treaty here;
and reference to the map accompanying this sec-
ond report will show that I have spoken in view
of that very treaty. What does that treaty say ?
" That the river Doraces, Dorces, or Dorados, designed
by article forty-oive as the dividing line of the two repub-
lics on the Atlantic side, is the first river a short distance
to the east of Monkey Point," &c.
This river is not only far north of the eastern
terminus of this projected Chiriqui railroad, but
not less than sixty miles distant from the north-
ernmost part of the Chiriqui gulf itself.
Mr. MORSE. Let me ask the gentleman which
road he is arguing about ?
Mr. PORTER. I am arguing about the road
which this commission has reported upon.
Mr. MORSE. The last report of the commis-
sioners?
Mr. PORTER. Yes, sir; that one. An exam-
ination of the map will show that this railroad is
not at any point, according to my understanding,
within fifty miles of the southern boundary o£
Costa Rica.
Mr. MORSE. I would state that this gulf of
Golfito is within the boundaries of Costa Rica;
and I believe the road, under the new treaty in
reference to boundaries, is within Costa Rica.
There is an unsettled boundary there. The maps
state it both ways; but there is a treaty between
the two Governments, not yet ratified by Costa
Rica, by which Costa Rica gives up some lands
upon the lagoons, and New Granada some lands
upon the gulf of Golfito. The gentleman will find
that the road starts from the territory of Costa
Rica.
Mr. PORTER. If my friend will refer to the
contract between the Chiriqui company and Costa
Rica, he will see that the railroad which it allo\ys
Mr. Thompson the privilege to construct is from
fifty to a hundred miles north of the gulfs of Chir-
iqui and Golfito.
But it is enough for my present argument that
it is north of it at all. It would be enough for my
argument if one quarter or one third of this rail-
load, as projected, is to be constructed within the
territorial limits of New Granada; for neither the
Government of New Granada, nor any province
thereof, has granted the right to Mr. Thompson
or the Chiriqui company to construct a railroad
at all; and if they should undertake to make one,
the grant would be void, because of the previous
exclusive grant to the Panama company. I ask
gentlemen who are doing me the honor of listen-
ing to my icmarks to examine this matter for
themselves, and they will find that but a very small
part of this road—I do not believe any part—is
within the jurisdiction of Costa Rica. Nor docs
the contract of the Secretary of the Navy provide
for a right of transit upon any railroad, or other
road, in Costa Rica.
If there be any doubt left concerning the right
of the Chiriqui company and Mr. Thompson to
constructthe projected railroad, it will be dispelled
by a reference to the letter of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, where he says, concern-
ing the contract of the New Granadian Govern-
ment with Mr. Thompson:
" It must aleo be remembered that this grant of n road-
way docs not include any right to make a lailtoad."
Then we have the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, the treaty with New
Granada, the grant to the Panama Railroad Com-
pany, the grant of the Provincial Legislature of
Costa Rica, all repelling the idea ofa right, on the
part of this company, to construct a railroad in
the provinceofChiriqui. The only right acquired
by virtue of this grant of the New Granadian Gov-
ernment and the contract of the Secretary of the
Navy with the Chiriqui company, is the supposed
right to transport our horses, our seamen, our
troops, and munitions of war, over a common
provincial highway. But, sir, as if to show how
utterly valueless the contract of the Secretary with
this Chiriqui company is, it is expressly provided
in the grant of the New Granadian Government
that the troops and munitions of war of no foreign
Government shall be transported over that high-
way, except by the express authority of that Gov-
ernment.
It has been gravely argued that, under the con-
tract with this company, we acquire the invaluable
right to use certain harbors within the gulfs of
Chiriqui and Golfito. Sir, has the Government of
New Granada parted with its jurisdiction ovcrany
of its harbors? No, sir; nowhere. Does this com-
pany even own the land around all or most of the
harbors? Nothing before us shows any such
thing. We obtain from this company no right
to use harbors which we have not always enjoyed.
If we wish to obtain any enlargement of our rights,
the Government of New Granada, and not this
company, is the authority to which to apply.
Sir, a most important consideration is yet to be
presented. The contract between Mr. Thompson
and the Government of New Granada provides
for a forfeiture upon any " infraction or default"
of Thompson in complying with any of its con-
ditions. What assurance have we that when we
have paid our $300,000, some infraction or de-
fault may not at once destroy the whole value of
our contract? Indeed, it may readily be seen how
it might become the interest of the company to
commit such a breach, or allow such a default, to
get rid of the burdens of their contract.
I shall have very little to say, sir, about the
much-boasted right to the use of coal conferred by
this contract. The masterly argument of the gen-
tleman from New York [Jfrr. Pottle] has made
further argument on that subject superfluous. It
is not shown that this company have acquired a
right to all the convenient coal-beds in Che prov-
ince of Chiriqui; and it is likely that we could
acquire coal privileges on better terms from the
Granadian Government. If the supply, too, is
inexhaustible, as is pretended, the company will
always find it to its interest to dispose of it at a
fair pricc. If not inexhaustible, I may add that
it is not at all clear, under the contract, that our
Government will have an exclusive right to its
use. For this coal we are to pay ten cents per
ton, and the cost of mining and delivery. Who
shall determine the cost? Sir, between shrewd
individuals on the one side and the Government
on the other, it is not difficult to see who will de-
termine it, and in whose favor it will be deter-
mined. The cost, practically, will be whatever
this company chooses to chaige; if, indeed, it
chooses, after receiving the money, to perform
any part of the contract.
Heic, Mr. Chairman, is an opportunity, when
our Treasury is bankrupt, our revenues cut short,
our securities sold at a ruinous sacrifice to raise
means to carry on the Government, here is an
opportunity to throw away a third of a million dol-
lars. Here is a chance, by a prodigal expendi-
ture of borrowed money, to purchase rights which
we already enjoy, and privileges utterly empty
and illusory. It will soon be seen whether we
will embrace it.
Mr. MORSE then obtained the floor,but yielded
it to
Mr. DAWES, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So tho committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that there is some inconvenience felt by the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, and they desire the ap-
pointment of an additional member on the com-
mittee.
Mr. BURNETT. I presume there will be no
objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes not; but
the Chair did not feel at liberty to appoint an addi-
tional member of the committee without first con-
sulting the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand that one
of the members of the committee has resigned his
place upon it?
TheSPEAKER. No, sir; one of the members of
the committee [Mr. Theakek] desires to go home
on a visit, and the other [Mr. Davidson] is sick.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Theaker,] who
