134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
iState of the Union—Mr. Stokes.
Ho. op Reps.
and if ] had the time, I could read resolution after
resolution adopted by the Democratic party of the
northern States, in conventions and Legislatures,
in which they, too, declared it to he the duty of
the Government to oppose the extension of sla-
very. Some Democratic conventions and Legisla-
tures went so far as to declare it to be their ultimate
design to eradicate slavery from the States where
it now exists, by restricting its further extension,
and such other lawful means as might finally lead to,
its extinction. If opposition to the further spread of
slavery is now a cause for overthrowing the Gov-
ernment,^was it not a sufficient cause then, when the
Democratic party had control of it? But at that time
our southern brethren, who have since seceded,
stood shoulder to shoulder, check by jowl, with
those very northern men, announcing that the
northern Democracy were the only men in that sec-
tion who were faithful to the rights of the South.
I opposed these men then,as now. 1 fought them
•with ail my power. If, however, the refusal to
permit the extension of slavery into free Terri-
tories then was not a cause for breaking up this
Union, certainly it ought not to be so regarded
now.
I begin with the State of Michigan, at that time
one of the strongest and most reliable Democratic
States in the Union. In 1847, her Legislature
resolved :
"That, in the acquisition of any new territory, whether
by purchase, conquest, or otheiwise, we deem it the duty
of the General Government to extend over the same the
ordinance of 1787, with all its right* and privileges, condi-
tions, and immunities."
In 1849, the following resolutions, offered by
Hon. E. H. Thomson, wercadoptcd:
u Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the State of MUMgan, That we consider the rcj.uk of the
Sate war with Mcxieo, in the acquisition of the Teirito-
neg of New Mcxieo and California, as an coduung monu-
ment to the honor of our gallant Army, regulaisand volun-
teer?, officers and soldiers; and that we icjoicc in the
prospect of extending over that country the beneficent laws
and institutions of a"free people.
" Resolved, That we are in tavor of the fundamental
principles of the ordinance of 1787; and, although we re-
spect the opinions of many eminent statesmen and jurists,
that slavery is a mere local institution, which cannot exist
without positive laws authorizing its existence, yet we be-
lieve that Congress has the powei, and that it is their dutv
to prohibit, by legislative enactment, the introduction or
pxistence of blavery within any of the Teiritories of the
United States now or heieaftei to he acquued.
Resolve^ That our Senator in Congie&s he instructed,
and our Representatives lequested, to use all honorable
means to accomplish the objects expte*sed in the foregoing
resolutions; and that the Governorol this State be request-
ed to forward copies of the->c resolutions to our Senatois
and llepiesenMtives in Congress.''
In the same year, the Democratic State con-
vention, which nominated a Governor and State
officers, passed unanimously the following:
u Resolvod, That we are opposed to the extension of sla-
very into the Teiritories of New Mexico and California,
believing them to be now fiee in virtue ol the lawsol Mex-
ico, and that its establishment in eiihei ot tho.-eTeiritoucs
ought io bo prevented."
In tiic year 1847, the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire, then largely Democratic, resolved:
" That In all territory which shall hereaftei he added to,
or ncquhed by, th« United States, wlieie slavery does not !
exist at the time of such addition or aequnement, neither i
felavery nor involuntary servitude, except tor the punish- j
ment of eiime, wheieot the paity ha> been duly convicted,
ought evei to exist, hut the same should ever icmani fiee ; J
and we arc opposed to the extension of .slavety over any
such territoiy ; and that we also approve the vote of our
Senator* anil Representatives m Congress in iavot of the
Wilinot pioviso "
In 1848, the Legislature of that State, which had
mi overwhelming Democratic majority, resolved
as follows:
That wc are in favor of the passage of a law, by Con-
gress, forever prohibiting slavery in New .Mexico and Cal-
ifornia, and in all other Teiritories now acquued, oi here-
after to be acquired, by the United States, in winch slaveiy
dftes not exist at the time ot such acquisition."
And in 3849, the New Hampshire Legislature,
still strongly Democratic, unanimously adopted
the following resolutions:
'• Resolved by the Senate and House of Rcjn o.cntatives^in
Genual Court convened. That, opposed to every form of
oppression, the people of New Hampshire have ever viewed
with deep regret the existence ol slavery in this Union;
that while they have steadfastly supported all sections in
their constitutional rights, tliev "have not only lamented its
existence as a great social evil, but regarded it as fiaught
with danger to the peace and weltare of the nation.
" Resolved, That while we respect the rights of the <lave-
holding as well as the fi-po portion of this Union, while wc
will not willingly consent that wiong be done to any mem-
ber of the glouous Confederacy to Which we belong, we
arc firmly and unalterably opposed to the extension ot sla-
very over any portion of Aineuean soil now free.
'• Resolved, That, in our opinion, Congiess has the con-
stitutional power to abolish the slave Uadc and slavery in
the Disnict of Columbia; and that our Senators be in-
structed, and our Representatives he requested, to take all
constitutional measures to accomplish these objects."
The Democratic State committee of New Hamp-
shire, in October, 1847, passed the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That we declare it our solemn conviction, as
the Demoeiatic party have heretofore done, that neither
slavery nor involuntary seivitude should hereafter exist in
any territory which may be acquued by. or annexed to, the
United States; and that we approve ot the votes of our
delegation in Congiess in favor of the Wilmot pioviso."
In the year 1847, resolutions were passed by
the Legislature of Rhode Island—
" Against the acquisition of territoiy, by conquest or other-
wise, beyond the present limits ol the United States, for the
purpose of establishing therein slaveholdmg States," &c.
By the Legislature of New.York:
" That if any teiritoiy is hereafter acquired by the Uni-
ted States, or annex-ed thereto, the act by which such ter-
ritoiy is acquired or annexed, whatever such act may be,
should contain an unaltciable fundamental article oi'pio-
vision, wheieby slavery or involuntary seivitude, except
as a punishment for crime, shall be forever excluded from
the teintory acquired or annexed."
By the Legislature of New Jersey:
" That the Senator, &.c., be lequested to use their best
elToits to secure, as a fundamental piovisfon to, oi proviso
in, any act of annexation of any teintory hereafter to be
acquired by the Uuit'-d States, &c , that siaveiy or mvol-
untaiy servitude, except as a punishment I'm cume,shall
be foiever excluded from the temtoiy to be annexed."
By the Legislature of Pennsylvania:
u Against any mcasuic whatever, by Much territory will
accine to the Union, unless as a part ot the fundamental
law, upon which any compact or treaty lot this puiposeis
based, slavery or involuntary servitude, except tor crane,
shall be forever excluded."
By the Legislature of Ohio:
" For the pa=sage of measuies in that body, [Congress,]
providing for the exclusion of slavety fiom the Ten iloiy of
Oiegon, and also 1'iom am othei t< rutory that now is, or
herealter may be, annexed to the United States."
By the Legislature of Vermont:
" Against the admission into the Pedeial Union of any
new Slate whose constitution tolerates slavery."
By the Legislature of Connecticut:
's That if any territoiy shall heiealtei be acquired by the
United States, or annexed theieto, the act bv which such
temtoiy is acquued or annexed, wh.Uevej such act may
be, should contain an unalterable fundamental niuele or
ptoviMon wheieby tlaveivoi uivoluntaty sci vitude, except
a< a punishment loi crime, shall be foievci excluded tiom
the temtoiy acquued oi annexed."
And in 1850, the following:
"Wheieas the people of Connecticut have hetetofore,
thiough their Senators and Repiesentatives m Geueial
Assembly convened, solemnly and dchbeiately avowed
then pmposp to resist, m all constitutional and piopei \va.\ s,
I he extension of slavery into the national Temtoiies, and
the admission of new slave States into the Federal Union ;
and also to seek, in a peaceable and constitutional way,
the abolishment of the slave tiade and of slavery in the
Disti iet ot Columbia; and whei eas the important question
now before the coining touching thesp matter make-, ir
desirable that the-e conviction*, and detci mutation* should
he icatlinncd in Ihe mo->t solemn and public manner:
Thercioi e,
14 Revolt rd, That Congre-<< hn-- full constitutional power
to piohihit si.iveij m the Territoiies q| the United States
b> legislative enactment, and that it is the duty of Con-
gie-s to past, without unnecessary delay, such suict and
positive law- as will effectually '•hut out slavery fiom
every portion of these Teiritories."
By the Legislature of Massachusetts, in 1849:
"•L Rcsohc<7. That Congies-j has full power to legislate
upon the subject n| Havei y in the Terutoncsof the Union ;
that it has fieely cxeicised such pow<u lioin the adoption
of the Constitution to the pie^ent tune; and that it is its
duty toexeieise the power for the poipetual exclusion of
the institution from those Teiritoncs that are fiee, and for
the extinction ot the same in Territories whcio it exists.
Rcsoh That, when Congress furnM)e-< governments
for the. Territories of California and New Mexico, it will
he its duty to establish therein the fundamental principle
of the ordinance of 1787 upon the subject of slavery, to the
end that the institution may be perpetually excluded there-
from, beyond eveiy chance and uncertainty."
At a State convention of the Democratic party
in Massachusetts, compost d of more than six
bundled members, in 1849, the following resolu-
tions, introduced by Hon. B. F. Hallett, then
chairman of the national Democratic committee,
and of the State Democratic committee, were
adopted unanimously, asappearsfrom the Boston
Post, the organ of the party in New England:
" Resolved, That we are opposed to slavery in eveiy foim
and color, and in lavorof freedom and free soil wherever
man lives, thioughout God's heutage.
" Resolved, That by common law and common sense, as
well as by the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
State, (in Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, 16 Peters,) k the state
of slavery is a mere municipal regulation, founded upon and
limited to the veige of the territorial lawthat is, the Timity
of the State creating it.
" Resolved, therefore, That, as slavery does not exist by
any municipal law in the new Territories, and Congress ha«*
no power to institute it, the local laws of any State author-
izing slavery can never be transported there; noi can sla-
veiy exist there but by a local law of the Territories, sanc-
tioned by Congress."
This, sir, is pretty good Republican doctrine,
coming from high Democratic authority.
In 1848 the Legislature of Ohio resolved:
"That the provisions of the ordinance of Congress of
1787, so far as the same relates to slavery, should be ex
tended to any territory that may be acquired from Mexico
by treaty or otherwise."
In 1849 Illinois resolved:
" That our Senators m Congress be instiucted, and our
Representatives requested, to use all honorable means in
their power to proeuie the enactment of such laws by
Congiess for the government of the countues and Teiri-
tories of the United States, acquued by the tieaty of peace,
friendship, limits, and settlement, with the Republic of
Mexico, concluded Februaiy 2, A. D. 1848,as shall contain
the expiess declaration ' that thcie shall bo neither sl.weiy
nor involuntary servitude in said Territories, otherwise
than m the punishment of crimes, whereof the party shall
have been dniy convicted.' "
The same year the following was adopted in
Wisconsin:
" That our Senators in Congress be, and they are hereby,
instructed, and our Repiescntativcs requested, first, to op-
pose the passage of any act for the government of New
Mexico and California, or any other Territory now belong-
ing to the United States, or which may hereafter be ac-
quired, unless it shall contain a provision forever prohibiting
the introduction of slavery or involuntary seivitude into
said Tcuitories, except as a punishment ior enmes; sec-
ond, to oppo>e the admission of any more slave States inta
the Fedeial Union."
In 1850 the following was adopted by the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Indiana:
'•Thar our Senatots in Congre&s be instructed, and our
Ilepiesentatives lequested, so to cast their votes and ex-
tend their influence as to have mgiattcd upon any law that
may be passed for thoorganization of the terntoiy recently
acquued from Mexico, a provision forever excluding fiom
suehterutory slavery and mvoluntaiy snvitude, othenvi&e
than in the pum&hmmt ol crimes, xvheieof the paity has
been duly convicted."
By the Legislature of New York:
(t Resolved, That the dctctinitiation indicated by the
Governor5 messages and icsolutions of the Legi*latiue.s of
various of the slaveholdmg St.ites, and by the Representa-
tives of such States ni Conere^s, to extend domestic slavery
over the terutory acquued by the late tieaty of peace with
the Republic ot Mexico, we feel bound to oppose by all
constitutional means; and i"Cognizmg the constitutional
power of Confess to prohibit, by positive enactment, the
extension ot slavery into fiee territory, our Senators m
Congiess aie hereby instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to use then nest ellutls to inseil such a positive
pmhiluttoii into any law ihev may pass fot the government
of the Temtones m question,"
In 1847 Governor Dana, of Maine, a promi-
nent Democrat, in his message to the Legislature,
in speaking of the right of slaveholders to hold
their slaves in the Territories, said:
<s On the other hand, the slave States claim that this ter-
utory will be acquit ed, if acquued at all, by the blood and
trensuie of all the States of the Union, to become the joint
piopoity of all to be held lor the benefit of all. And they
emphatically ask,' is it consistent with justice ?J IIis light
to acq tine and possess piopeity i one oi the inhcient rights
of man, independent of laws and constitutions. Not so
with the right to his slave; that is an unnatural, an aili-
fieial, a statute light; and when he voluntauly passes with
a slave to a Terutory whcie the statute recogm/ang the
risht docs not exist, then at once the right ceases to exist.
The slave becomes a fiee man, with just as much light to
claim the master as the master to chum the slave."
In 1849 the Democratic party in Maine held a
State convention, at which Hon. John Hubbard
was nominated for Governor. This convention
was composed of six hundied delegates, at which
the following resolution was passed, only one sol-
itary member voting against it:
"Revolted, That the institution of human slaveiy is at
variance with the theory of our Government, abhorrent to
the common sentiment of mankind, and fraught with dan-
ger to all who come within the spheie of its influence; that
the Fedeial Government possesses adequate power to in-
hibit its existence in the Territories of the Union; that the
constitutionality of this power has been settled by judicial
coiisti uetion, by cotemporaneous exposition^, and by re-
peated acts of legislation ; and that we eii]Oin upon our
Senators and Repiesentatives in Congress to make every
