1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
is very faithful in the discharge of his duties, is
not willing to leave his post unless some one else
is substituted for him who can take charge of the
enrolled bills. If there be no objection, the Chair
will appoint an additional member on the com-
mittee.
There was no objection; and the Speaker there-
upon appointed Mr. Blake a member of the Com-
mittee 011 Enrolled Bills.
REPORT or SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CORWIN. I beg the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw that motion for a moment.
I wish to give a notice to the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw it.
Mr. CORWIN. I wish to give notice to the
House, Mr. Speaker, that I shall endeavor to
close the debate on the special order, the report
of the committee of thirty-three, next Thursday.
I understand that, by the usage of the House,
in order to do that in any obligatory form, it is
necessary to submit a motion to that effect. If it
be in order now to make that motion, with the
permission of the gentleman from Kentucky, I
will make it.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
not press that motion this evening; he can enter
it and call it up at some other time.
Mr. CORWIN. Then I will have the motion
entered.
Mr. SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that such a motion is necessary. The House
can close the debate at any moment it chooses.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At what time
on Thursday does the gentleman propose to close
the debate ?
Mr. CORWIN. At two o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man can move the previous question at that time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope the gen-
tleman from Ohio will fix Monday week, instead
of Thursday, as the time for closing the debate.
That, I think, will be satisfactory to all gentle-
men. There are a great many propositions to be
discussed.
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio, that I think many members of the
House would prefer to defer the vote upon his re-
port, and the other propositions which are pend-
ing, until after the assembling of the convention
of representatives from different States, which is
to meet here upon the 4th of February, and until
we can see what action, if any, they will take.
Mr. CORWIN. I prefer to enter the motion
as I have already made it; and if, on Thursday,
in the discretion of the House, it shall be thought
proper to postpone a vote, I understand that it will
be perfectly withm the power of the House to do
so. If I should be convinced at that time that
further debate or further consideration is required,
I am sure I shall be willing to postpone a vote.
Mr. FLORENCE. Are we to understand that
this is merely an intimation, or does the gentleman
from Ohio now oiler a lesolution to close the de-
bate on Thursday?
The SPEAKER. No resolution is offered. It
it a mere suggestion from the chairman of the com-
mittee of thirty-three.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is the way I under-
stood it.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 4, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the acting Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, dated on the 30th of Jan-
uary, recommending that ^100,000 be appropri-
ated for the relief of dcstitutc.Indiane, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BIGLER. I move the reference of the
communication to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Finance have
acted on the Indian appropriationbill; and I think
the communication had better be laid on the table,
and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table; and the motion to print will go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. GWIN. As it is a necessary document,
■which will be wanted immediately, I hope there
will be no objection to printing it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection; and it will be ordered to be printed
without referring the question to the Committee
on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, returnsof the militia
of the United States, and of their arms, accouter-
ments, and ammunition, fortheyear 18G0; which,
on motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bills, which had heretofore received the
signature of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives:
A bill (H. R. No. !)]9) for the relief of F. M.
Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townsend;
A bill (H.R. No. 670) granting an invalid pen-
sion, tfi William G. Bernard, late a soldier in the
Umtifd States Army; and
A bill (S. No. 64) to authorize the extension
and use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun,
and Ilampshne railroad within the city of George-
town.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HALE. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate for about two minutes, to make an explana-
tion, not for my own benefit, but for the benefit
of a gentleman not a member of the body. In the
remarks which I submitted to the Senate a few
days ago, on the resolution in relation to the Sen-
ate's order in favor of Mrs. Linn, I styled the
letter of Mr. Medill in regard to it as " imperti-
nent." I rise to say what I would have said
then, but the Senator'from Ohio [Mr. PugxiJ took
me up a little sharp about it, that I used that term
in its literal and legal sense, the very one that is
given in the dictionary—impertinent in that itdid
not pertain to the subject-matter. I did not mean
it to bo personally offensive to Mr. Medill. I
meant it m the same way that it is used in an-
swers to bills in equity. The first meaning given
in the dictionary is, that " it is not pertinent,and
does not belong to the subject-matter in hand."
That is what I meant to say of his letter—that it
did not belong to the subject. I did not mean to
make any personal application of it to him.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire was kind enough to make that explanation
to me on Saturday, after the adjournment; and I
told him then, that I was very sorry to have given
him any pain by what I then thought was an ap-
propriate response to the word used by hint in
its usual acceptation. I beg his pardon for hav-
ing misunderstood him.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented two petitions of
citizens of Bay county, in the State of Michigan,
remonstrating against any change m the Consti-
tution of the United States at this time, and ask-
ing that all the present guarantees of the Consti-
tution maybe enforced; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WILKINSON presented the petition of
William H. Nobles, late supeiintendent of the
Fort Ridgely and South Pass Wagon Road, and
a petition of the Fort Kearney, South Pass, and
Honey Lake wagon road, praying certain allow-
ances in the settlement of his accounts; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BIGLER. I have the honor to present a
memorial of over a thousand citizens of the city
of Lancaster, in the State of Pennsylvania, with-
out distinction of party, praying Congress to make
the resolutions of theSenatoi fiom Kentucky the
basis for the settlement of our national difficulties.
I also present a similar memorial from citizens of
the county of Chester, in the State of Pennsylva-
nia. I move that they lie oil the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I presentthe petition ofThomas
W. Williams and a large number of other very-
respectable citizens of the State of Connecticut,
residing in New London and in that vicinity, ask-'
ing Congress to adopt substantially the plan of
compromise recommended by the Representatives
of the border States, which they believe will re-
store tranquillity and peace to the country. As
there is no committee to which it may be appro-
priately referred, I ask that the petition be re-
ceived and laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
M(. FESSENDEN presented a petition from
citizens of the town of Yarmouth, in the State of
Maine, representing that, without distinction of
party, they mostearnestly pray Congress to adopt,
at the earliest practicable moment, such measures
of conciliation and compromis?as shall heal sec-
tional strife, restore public confidence, and cement
for all coming time those bonds which, in the ear-
lier days of the Republic, constituted the basis of
our national strength; and upon which rest, un-
der God, our only iiope and faith for transmitting
to posterity the precious inheritance achieved for
us by the common efforts and sacrifices of a wise
and patriotic ancestry; and on his motion it was
laid on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have a petition from
a number of respectable citizens, of the city of
Louisville, in the State of Kentucky, praying for
a change in the mail arrangements between Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, and Louisville, Kentucky. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
It was referred.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I rise to
present a petition which I think I may say i3 per-
tinent, from the people of New Albany, in the
State of Indiana. At the last Presidential elec-
tion, as they inform me, and as I believe, one
thousand nine hundred votes were given in the
town of New Albany and in its vicinity; and this
petition contains the names o£~one thousand five
hundred of the one thousand nine hundred, with
the assurance that, with a little more time, the
greater portion of the remaining four hundred
might have been obtained. 1 beg leave to present
it, and to ask that it may be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, citizens" of the State of Indiana, view
with aim in the piesent condition of public affairs. They
have seen with great regret the secession of five States from
the Union, so far as the action 011 the part of those States
is concerned, and they fear that others may follow the ex-
ample. They deeply regret that any condition of national
affairs should have brought about such an issue; and with-
out going into an examination of the causes which have
impelled sister States to this act, they pray your honorable
body at once to pass such acts as will restoie the Union
and give peace to the country. And 111 this connection,
they beg leave to say that the adoption of the propositions
contained in what are known as the Crittenden resolutions
would be received by the border States as a satisfactory
adjustment of existing difficulties, and render us once more
a united and happy people.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am also charged, Mr.
President, to present to the Senate the petition of
a number of citizens of Michigan upon the same
subject, praying to the same effect. Also, a peti-
tion of sundry citizens of the State of New York,
which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of Jhnerwa m Congress assembled:
The memonal of the subscribers, citizens of New York,
respecttiilly vhoweth:
That while sharing m common with their fellow-citizens
the general solicitude at the (langeis which are nowthreat-
emng the peace and the unity of ourcountiy,theydesireto
give their urgent and emphatic expression of the necessity
which seems to exi&t for mutual conciliation and compro-
mifSfc, and, without discussion as to the merits of tho va-
rious questions at issue, believing that the perpetuity of
the union of the United States as one nation is of vastly
more importance than the edtablishment or 1 ejection of this
or that subject of contiover&y, and that the people of the
j North will approve of tin* geneial outline ot the plan of com-
promise agreed upon by theSenatois and Representatives of
the border States, or the Crittenden plan, younnemoriahsts
humbly pray that such mea&uics may be speedily adopted
by Congress tor the settlement of our present difficulties,as
will embrace substantially the plan of comptomiseso rec-
ommended by the llepiesentauves of the border States, or
by Mr. Crittenden, and which, they believe, will-restore
tiancjtulhty and peace to our now distracted countiy.
Mr CRITTENDEN. Here is also a petition
which I have the honor to present, from citizens
of the county of Harford, in the State of Mary-
land, praying for the adoption of the proposition
made by the committee of the border States. I
