1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
136-
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stokes.
Ho. of Reps.
exertion, and employ all their influence, to procure the
passage of a law forever excluding slavciy from the Ter-
litories of California andNevv Mexico."
And the Legislature,largely Democratic, passed
the following:
"Resolved, That the sentimentof this State isprofound,
sineeie, and almost universal, that the influence of slavery
upon productive energy is tike the blight of mildew; that
it is amoral and social evil; that it does violence to the
rights of man, as a thinking, reasonable, and responsible
being. Influenced by such considerations, this State will
oppose the introduction of slavery into any territoiy which
may be acquired as an indemnity for claims upon Mexico,"
At a State convention in Pennsylvania, Colonel
Samuel Black, of Pittsburg, offered the following
resolution; which was adopted unanimously:
"Resolved, Thattlie Democratic party adhere* now, <is
it ever iia  done, to the Constitution oi the country. Its
letterand spirit they will neither weaken noi dej-tioy; and
they redeclare that slavery is a domestic local institution
of the South, subject to State legislation alone, and with
which the General Government ha« nothing to do. Where
ever tiie State law extends its junsdiction, th  local insti-
tution can continue to exist. Esteeming it a violation of
State rights to carry it bejond State limits, wc deny the
power of any citizen to extend the area of bondage beyond
its picsent dominion; nor do wo consider it a part of the
compromises of the Constitution, that slavery should for-
ever travel with the advancing columns of our territorial
progress. "
This same Colonel Black is now Governor of
Nebraska, and recently vetoed a bill which had
been passed by the Legislature, prohibiting sla-
very in that Territory. The exact progress of
Democracy in eleven years is here made quite
apparent.
The Democratic members of the Legislature of
the State of Nc w York, in 1848, in a series of
resolutions, included the following:
lc Resolved, That while the Democracy of New Yoik will
faithfully adhere to all the compromises of the Constitu-
tion, and maintain all the reserved ) iglus ol the State*,Miry
declaie—since the crisis has aruved when that question
mibt be met—their uncompioniismg hostility to the e\ten-
feion of slavery in territory now iiee, which ha* been or may
be hereafter acquired by any action of the Government of
the United mates?."
Similar resolutions were adopted the same year
at Utica, in which Hon. John Van Buren and
Hon. John Cochrane participated.
At a State convention of the Democratic party
of Ohio, in the year 1848, the following resolu-
tion was adopted:
" Resolved, That the people of Ohio now, as they have
always done, look upon the institution of slavery as an
evil, unfavorable to the full development of our institution*;
and that, entertaining these sentiments, they will leel it to
be their duty to use all the powers consistent with the na-
tional compact to prevent its increase, to mitigate, and
finally eradicate it."
It is said by gentlemen on the other side, that,
because we refer to these and other similar facts,
wc thereby defend the Republican party. Such
imputation will not restrain me from my duty,
nor cause me to withhold such unquestioned
facts as are a part of the political history of the
country. At a time like this, the public welfare
should be above all parties or party interests. I
am not the apologist of any party, yet I would
willingly do justice to all.
Mr. Speaker, the southern States which have
seceded declare that they arc separate and dis-
tinct sovereignties, because of their alleged with-
drawal from this Union. Sir, the right of seces-
sion 1 will not discuss at this time, for I have
already placed myself on record in regard to it
in some remarks { made during; the last session.
Now, I need only say that if a State has any
right to withdraw from the Union, it is the right,
not of secession, but of revolution. A constitu-
tional ri°;ht of secession is a monstrous paradox.
Every State, however, that has suffered oppres-
sion or tyranny until it is no longer tolerable,
has the inalienable right to protect itself, and, if
needs be, to resort to that remedy which is above
all constitutions—the right of revolution.
I shall not now further discuss the question of
secession. I concur, in opinion, with the gentle-
man fromTexas, [Mr. Hamilton,] in the opinion
just expressed by him, that no State can right-
fully or constitutionally secede without the con- !|
sent of the other States. I have been taught to '
believe that the doctrines and opinions of Wash-
ington, Madison, Jefferson, and Jackson, were
right; and I find no sufficient reason for abandon-
ing them now. On the contrary, I find in the
events of the day much to cause me to adhere
more closely to their teachings.
Mr. Speaker, six States have passed ordinances
declaring themselves free and independent sover-
eignties; and what do we find to be the fruits of
this " peaceable'' right of secession? Forts, ar-
senals, dock-yards, arms, and munitions of war,
public moneys, and property of various descrip-
tions belonging to the United States have been
seized by lawless mobs and bands of armed men.
Not only that. The flag—the flag of Tennessee
as well as of Pennsylvania; the fla£ of all the
States—has been grossly insulted and fired upon
as it waved over an unarmed ship, bearing pro-
visions to our own soldiers, in the service of the
Government, while occupying and defending the
property of the United States. In doing this,
these seceding States, or the armed bodies of men
who perpetrated these outrages, have been guilty
of a violation of the laws of the land, and have
made open war against the United States, as I will
show. And they have violated and defied the
plainest piovisions of the Constitution.
i will read a few clauses from the Constitution.
Section ten, article one, of the Constitution, says:
"No State shall enter into any treatv, alliance, or con-
fedeiation." * * * *v u No State t>hall, with-
out the consent ofCongiess, lay any dutyof tonnage, keep
troops or *hipsof warm timeol peace, entei into any agice-
ment oi compact with another State, or with a foreign
Powei."
Article six, section three, says:
u The Senatois and Itcpic5ontativcs" * * * *
" shall be bound by oath oi aflumation to support this Con-
stitution.''
Which is elsewhere declared to be u the su-
preme law of ihe land."
Now, Mr. Speaker, when I came to this Con-
gress, and after a struggle of two months in organ-
izing the House, I repaired to that desk and look
a solemn oath to support the Constitution and the
laws passed in pursuance thereof; and, sir, I say
here m my place, that there is no power on earth
that can ever induce or force me to utter one word
or do any act whatever, in any way, that will aid
any State in going out of the Union. On the con-
trary, I intend to keep that oath faithfully and
honestly ns a member of this IIousc; and I hope
and trust I shall be able to keep it and live up to
it, so long as I remain upon the earth.
I say I will do nothing nor say anything which
will encourage any State to secede from this
Union. But yesterday I saw it announced in the
Memphis Avalanche and the Memphis Appeal,
papers published in my own State, that the Mis-
sissippi river was blockaded. This is but another
of the evil fruits of secession. We find, also, in
an oidinance just passed by one of the seceding
States, (Louisiana,) a resolution which reads as
follows:
uTha? we, the people of Louisiana, recognize the fiee
iuu igation of the rlvei and its trilnitancs by all
Jiicndly States boidermg theieon."
What does all this mean ? I understand from
it that all the States which arc/) lendly to secession,
or which shall secede heieafter, may freely navi-
gate the Mississippi river. I represent a constit-
uency that has an interest in the free navigation
of that great Father of Waters and all its tributa-
ries. A portion of my constituents reside upon
streams which are tributary to the Mississippi,
and they are interested in tfie navigation of that
ri\ei. Now, I say here, that I do not believe
Tennessee will secede. 1 hope she will not; and
I intend to do all in my power to prevent her doing
so. And should she remain in the Union, as her
interests constrain her to do, the waters of the
Mississippi must be kept free to all the people of
that State.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman says the Missis-
sippi is blockaded.
Mr. STOKES. I told the gentleman my au-
thority was the Memphis Avalanche and the
Appeal, both Democratic disunion newspapers.
Mr. RUST. You did not quote the paragraphs
from those papers. I deny that the Mississippi
is blockaded.
Mr. STOKES. But here is the ordinance of
Louisiana, which declares that the Mississippi
shall be free to all States which are friendly to
them. Of course it is not to be free to those States
which aie unfriendly.
Sir, while both sides of the House are trying
to compromise and heal our unhappy difficulties,
I am free to say that I, for one, will vote for any
compromise which may be put forward compe-
tent to meet the crisis through which the country
is now passing, I care little about myself, polit-
ically, because 1 want no political honors, unless
1 can have them in the Union, and under the stars
and stripes of my whole country. [Applause in
the galleries.]_ How, I ask, are we to heal these
difficulties ? One of my colleagues [Mr. Thomas]
has said that we can " be content with no adjust-
ment that will not unite the South with us."
Now, I appeal to gentlemen here, and ask them
how is it possible that wc can agree upon any
terms which will, at this time, bring back South
Carolina, when she has declared, emphatically,
thatshc will not come back upon any terms what-
ever, and that her secession from this Union is
final and forever. Then a compromise which
shall be now satisfactory to South Carolina, and
perhaps others of the cotton States, is impossible.
I saw to-day, in the Richmond Whig, an extract
taken from the Charleston Mercury to the same
efiect, stating that she does not intend to accept
any compromise, and docs not intend to return
to her allegiance to the Federal Union.
These cotton States have gone out and severed
their connection with the Federal Government,
as they say, and for what? What arc their griev-
ances?
1. They allege that the North has passed per-
sonal liberty bills.
2. That the fugitive slave law has not been
faithfully executed.
3. That the Republican party is opposed to the
further extension of slavery into the free Terri-
tories.
4. That the Republican party intend to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and in th&
dock-yards, arsenals, and navy-yards, under the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States.
5. That they intend finally to abolish slavery in
the States.
6. That the Republican party hates slavery;
that Garrison, Phillips, and others denounce sla-
very, and that we are in danger of invasions simi-
lar to that which John Brown made upon the soil
of Virginia.
You are all familiar with the John Brown affair;
but wc know that no party in the North, unless it
be the few radical Abolitionists, justifies the con-
duct of John Brown. Then there were the alleged
burnings of habitations and villages in Texas
during the last year. An intelligent gentleman,
long a resident of Texas, a few days ago furnished
me with a map and other particulars, concerning
these fires in Texas. From him I learned that
most of them occurred many miles apart, on the
same day and about the same hour oi the day, to
wit: at two o'clock, p. m., on the 8th of August
last, when the thermometer was standing at 113°.
From information derived from him, I am satisfied
that these fires were not the work of incendiaries;
yet it is charged that the North are sending their
missionaries out there to burn up and destroy
the property and habitations of the people of that
State.
Another grievance complained of is the election
of Lincoln by a sectional party. He, it is said,
has no sympathy with the South, and therefore
we are justified in precipitating a dissolution of
the Union. Itis said that Lincoln will oppose the
further extension of slavery into Territories which
are now free. Let me read an extract from a
speech of Mr. Buchanan, now President of tho
United States, which he made upon the proposi-
tion for the admission of Texas. He said:
" In arriving at the conclusion to *upport this treaty, [the
annexation of Texas,] I had to encounter but one serious
obstacle, and this was the question of slavery. While I
ever maintained, and ever shall maintain, in their full force
and vigor, the constitutional rights of the southern States
over their slave property, I yet feel a strong repugnance by
any act of mine to extend the present limits ot the Union
over a new slaveholding Territory. After mature reflection,
however, I overcame these scruples, and now believe that
the acquisition of Texas will be the means of limiting the
domain of slavery." * * * * "That the
acquisition of Texas would, ere long, convert Maryland,
Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri, and probably others of
the more northern slave States into free States, I entertain
not a doubt."
I ask, then, if opposition to the extension of
slavery is a cause for a dissolution of the Union,
why it was not done when Mr. Buchanan was
elected? for this extract proves him to have been
