136
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stokes.
Ho. op Reps.
as much opposed to the extension of slavery as it
was possible for him to be. I say it was no suffi-
cient cause when Mr. Buchanan was elected,and
it furnishes only a pretext now.
Six States have already seceded,and one mem-
ber from another State [Mr. Reagan] has gone
home to the State of Texas. Thirty-one south-
ern members of this House have retired from this
Hall, and twelve Senators have vacated their seats
in the Senate. They have left us their southern
brethren, to fight the battle alone. Now, although
Mr. Lincoln is elected, it is well known to this
House, and to ihe country, that, had those gen-
tlemen remained in their seats, and stood to their
posts like men and patriots, riot one dollar could
the Administration of Mr. Lincoln get out of the
Treasury, unless by the consent of an opposition
House, and a Democratic Senate. He could not
have formed his Cabinet, or even appointed a min-
ister or a consul, without the consent of the Dem-
ocratic Senate. Suppose, then, that they had stood
their ground, and remained like men, as I think
they ought to have done: what would have been
the effect of it? Why, sir, if we had exercised
our constitutional power in stopping supplies, and
in refusing to confirm presidential appointments,
we could have prevented any unconstitutional in-
terference with our rights, had such interference
been attempted by the incoming Administration.
Ahd with this power in our hands, it might have
been used not only to prevent usurpation, but so
as to have secured unequivocal acknowledgment
of all our just rights under the Constitution. To
this we might have compelled thG Republicans to
accede, hud our Representatives remained in their
places. We could have decided to present to the
people of the North and the South such amend-
ments to the Constitution, or other guarantees, as
we thought proper. We could have asked that
these propositions be referred to the people of all
the States, in the mode prescribed by the Consti-
tution. We could thus have invoked the action
of the people, in whose willingness to do right 1
have every confidence; and if the Republican party
had refused to transfer the whole matter to the
States and the people, or to come to some such
reasonable terms of adjustment, we might have
exercised the power of stopping the supplies;
have refused to vote one dollar for carrying on
this Government. But now, instead of having
such power, we are left in the minority by the
withdrawal of thirty-one members from the
House and twelve from the Senate And it now
is in the power of the Republican party to refuse
us whatever they choose,and yield us only what-
ever they are willing to accord.
Sir, a convention is to be held soon in Tennes-
see, in which the State—which I in part repre-
sent—is to decide whether she will go out of the
Union. We are invited by the disunionists to
follow them into this southern confederacy. 1,
for one, enter my solemn protest againstany such
suicidal conduct. I will never agree to any such
an act of folly. What, sir; go into a southern
confederacy; ally ourselves with the cotton States,
after they have abandoned us here, after they
have been faithless to us here; when, had they
remained, we had the power of self-defense in our
hands! if they would not stand by us under
existing circumstances, can we rely upon them
when we shall have joined ourselves to their
southern confederacy? We cannot. Faithless
now, faithless they would be then. Should they
see any cause to be hereafter dissatisfied, they
would doubtless come forward with another se-
cession ordinance, and withdraw from the south-
ern confederacy And where would we then
stand ?
Why, sir, we are solemnly informed by them
that'they will not agree to any compromise. But
what else do we find? Some time ago, in the
Charleston secession convention, we find Mr.
Packer holding this language. Speaking of the
motive or reason which induced South Carolina
to attempt breaking up the Government, he said:
u It is no spasmodic effort thai has come suddenly upon
us, hut it has been gradually culminating for a long series
of years."
Mr. Ingles also said, at the same time:
" Most of us have had this subject under consideration
for the last twenty years."
Mr. K«itt, another member of the convention,
and for the last eight years a member of this
House, said:
"T have been engaged in this movement ever since I
entered political life
Mr. Rhett, another member of the convention,
said:
k'It is nothing produced by Mr. Lincoln's election, or
the non-execution of the fugitive slave law. It is a matter
that has been gathering head for thirty wears." A * *
* "• We are about to Minder our relations with that sec-
tion, [the North] and, I trust, forever."
And, yet, he now asks Tennessee to join that
southern confederacy, of which he is to be a con-
trolling spirit. I again say, there is no earthly
power that can compel my consent to it.
Are these causes, 1 again ask, sufficient for the
dissolution of the Union? If they are, then they
exist outside of the election of Mr. Lincoln to
the Presidency. And if they exist outside of Mr.
Lincoln's election—and I have showed you they
have existed for years—then Mr. Douglas, Mr.
Bell, or Mr. Breckinridge, could no more have
kept the Union together than Mr. Lincoln can.
But, if this movement goes merely upon the elec-
tion of Mr. Lincoln, then, I say, it is too ridicu-
lous to talk about. The present leading disunion-
ists in my State, last summer, all promptly and
earnestly insisted that the election of Mr. Lincoln
was no cause for destroying the Federal Govern-
ment.
These grievances, if grievances there be, ex-
isted for years past; and it was in the power of
this Democratic party to have remedied them if
they chose. They had majorities in both Houses
last Congress. All the territorial laws are to-
day precisely as they were then, and as they
passed them. If objectionable, why were they
not changed when the Democratic party had con-
trol of both Houses of Congress, the Executive,
and the judiciary? Why did not some gentleman
propose to remedy them ? Show me the motion
on the Journal of this House, or any proposition
that any southern man brought before Congress,
to change our present territorial policy in regard
to the slavery question. It cannot be done. The
slavery question in the States and Territories is
precisely where the Democratic party placed it,
and where they have the power to maintain it. To
do this, they have only to remain in their places, i
and the Republican party are powerless in both
Houses of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, we have grievances to complain
of; and 1 intend to show my Republican friends
that we have just cause to complain of them for
some of theiracts; and I trust and hope that they
will see the necessity of taking such action here
and in the northern States as may allay the pub-
lic excitement and tranquilize the popular mind.
I was speakingof the election of Lincoln. Sir,
there were various causes why he was elected.
There were several candidates. Millions were
supporting Mr. Douglas for his devotion to the
doctrineof non-intervention; others supported Mr.
Breckinridge, and subscribed to the new code of
protection to slavery in the Territories; while the
Union party rallied under the leadership of Mr.
Bell, pledged to "the Union, the Constitution,and
the enforcement of the laws*" What else? One of
the most powerful causes of all was the extrava-
gance, the waste, the profligacy, and, I think I
can safely say, the corruptions of the present Ad-
ministration. These things alone caused thou-
sands of the people of the country to record their
votes for Mr. Lincoln for the Presidency, who
would not otherwise have voted for him.
I contend, sir, that the election of Mr. Lincoln,
under these circumstances, is no reason for a dis-
solution of the Union. I think disunion can be
fairly traced to the purposes and plans of the south-
ern league,which was concocted and deliberately
agreed upon over two years ago, by the leaders
of the Democratic party in the cotton States, that
they would go to Charleston and make certain
demands on the northern Democrats; and, if re-
fused, that they would set up a candidate of their
own, and when defeated, as they expected and
desired to be, then to strike for a southern con-
federacy. They have publicly declared that their
purpose was ultimately to build up a southern
confederacy upon the ruins of the present Union;
to reopen the slave trade, conquer Mexico, and
annex Cuba, if in their power to do so They
expect or desire to accomplish all this; and as it
could not be attempted within the Union, seces-
sion becamc necessary before they could attempt
this long cherished purpose. They expect the
border States, with Tennessee and North Car-
olina, to follow them in this wild crusade. Their
purpose is to commit the whole South to this wild,
revolutionary scheme; and so they have declared
over and over again.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot, I will not, consent to be-
come a blind follower of those who boast that for
years they have had no other or higher aim than
the destruction of njy country; and I make the
assertion here in my place, without fear of being
contradicted, that tnere is not one grievance com-
plained of that cannot be remedied in the Union;
nor is there one which can be remedied out of it.
I desire my constituents to know that their best
interests are in imminent peril, and that their peace
and safety depend on standing by that Union
which has blessed them, and avoiding secession
and disunion as the grave of their happiness and
prosperity. The idea that afew conspiringmad-
men, ambitious, disappointed politicians, men
who are seeking for power, can band themselves
together and say this Union must be destroyed at
their bidding, is monstrous. So bold have become
the advocates of this doctine of secession, that if
a gentleman now expresses himself m favor of the
Union, and denies the wisdom or constitutional
right of secession, he is denounced as a "submis-
sionist." I am fiee to say, sir, that I had rather
be called a" submissionist,"aaubmissionist to the
laws of my country, than actas others have done—
play the part of a traitor, and become a rebel to
a Government which never wronged me, and to
which I owe my allegiance. I am asubmissionist.
I stand here in the presence of these Representa-
tives of the people and proudly admit that I am a
submissionist; 1 do submit—I have sworn to do
so—to the Constitution and to the laws passed in
pursuance thereof. I intend to submit to them. I
intend to stand, in the future as in the past, on the
Union platform adopted at Baltimore last summer
—"the Union, the Constitution, and the enforce-
ment of the laws." [Applause.]
But, say gentlemen, enforcement of the law is
coercion; and the cry of coercion is got up in the
South. They ask: "will you coerce a State ?"
No, sir; I am not for coercing a State. But I claim
the right and power of the General Government
to execute itslaws whenever it is expedient to do
it, or necessary for the safety, the protection, and
the happiness of the people of all the States; in a
word, when the public welfare requires it. I re-
peat, I am not for coercing a State; and at the
same time I am not for allowing a State to coerce
me. 1 do not recognize the right of the State of
South Carolina to coerce the rest of the States.
She has no right to do so, and I protest against
it. I think, however, that moderation, prudence,
and caution, ought to be used on the part of the
President. Let us settle these difficulties peace-
ably, if we can. It can be done; and my opinion
is, that it will be done, satisfactorily to reasonable
men everywhere; at least satisfactorily to the bor-
der States, and Tennessee, and North Carolina.
I have no idea of any settlement being made that
will now satisfy the State of South Carolina. I
do not look for that. I do not expect it; for South
Carolina has declared emphatically that she will
accept no compromise, and will have none; that
her separation is final and forever. But I do hope
and believe that all difficulties will be settled so as
to satisfy the people of the border States.
But we are told thatwemustgooutof the Union.
Yes, sir; Yancey said that two years ago. He
laid the plan, and it has worked admirably. It
has moved like clock-work. That clock above
me is notarranged with greaterprecision than was
this southern league. Here in this city were its
chiefs, some of them at the head of various de-
partments of the Government, assiduously work-
ing to accomplish a treasonable destruction of the
Union,and to subvert the very Constitution which
they were sworn to support. Yes, sir, they have
done all this. Mr. Yancey had his plan laid out
last summer. Mr. Breckinridge was his candidate.
Mr. Bell was the candidate of the Union party;
and here I will remark that I have found but one
man in my section of the country who was op-
* to the execution of the laws. He was an
