138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Quarles.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. Sewakd, and other gentlemen professing
like principles with himself, admit that the Su-
preme Court of the United States has, in effect,
decided that slavery exists in every inch of terri-
tory belonging to the United States. That is the
highest tribunal known to our Constitution and
laws; and in questions involving a construction of
the Constitution, it is the court of final resort.
Wny not settle this slavery question, then, at once
upon the admissions made on all sides, and relieve
the country from the fearful agitation which now
shakes it" from turret to foundation stone?" If
you are not willing to adopt the Crittenden reso-
lutions, then adopt the propositions submitted by
my colleague, [Mr. Etheridge.] which are sub-
stantially the border State propositions. And if
you cannot do this, you ought not to refuse adopt-
ing the measures reported by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] the chairman of the com-
mittee of thirty-three. Admit New Mexico as a
State into the Union, with her laws protecting
slavery. But I see that my hour has nearly ex-
pired; and I can only take time to say that I will
give my support to any proposition that will fairly,
honorably, and finally settle those disturbing
questions which so fearfully distract the peace of
the country.
A word more, and I have done. The with-
drawal ofaState from this hitherto happy politi-
cal family is suggestive of painful reflections. It
is quite as absurd and unaccountable as would be
the conduct of that father, who, with his wifeand
children, was securely sheltered within a com-
fortable habitation, with every comfort and lux-
ury which could add to their happiness, delib-
erately walking out, firing their dwelling, and
consigning it to the flames, without having made
a single provision for the construction of a new
abode, or for protection against the fierce storms
of heaven. [Applause.]
Inconclusion, lappealtomyRepublican friends
to do their duty, under a sense of their great re-
sponsibilities, and according to the dictates of a
generous magnanimity. They have the power
to restore peace to our unhappy country, and I
confidently believe you will show your willing-
ness to do so. I implore you, in behalf of our
common country, that you will not stand hesitat-
ing, in such an hour as this, upon mere abstract
and impracticable issues. When you follow the
Constitution you surrender no principle, nor are
you false to any platform of your party. Let us,
Mr. Speaker, pass the Crittenden resolutions, or
any other proposition which will conciliate our
divided people, and attach ihemonce more to this
Union, as with hooks of steel. Let us do our
whole duty in this dread emergency, and joy and
gladness will once more pervade the limits of our
whole country. Your noble conduct will then be
hailed with shouts by a rejoicing people, who will
attest their gratitude by the ringing of bells, the
boomingofcannon, the flying of canvas, and every
token that a grateful people can manifest to the
benefactors of mankind.
Let us not deceive ourselves with any such de~
lusion as a reconstruction of the Government,in
the event of a separation of the North and the
South. Dismemberment will not be followed by
a reunion of these States. Disunion means war
—civil war—and fraternal blood cannot reunite
us in the bonds of Union and brotherly love.
Sir, these disunion, seceding Democrats .broke
up their party at Charleston. They cannot now
reconstruct a political organization. The very
spirit of disunion -forbids it; and how can we
expect the wanton destroyers of our present
Union to reconstruct it when it has been torn to
pieces. The idea is ridiculous. No man should
permit himself to be thus deceived. I warn the
honest masses of the country against this at-
tempt to mislead them.
Mr. Speaker, I never have, nor I never will,
utter one word designed to alienate one portion
of our country from the other. Should 1 ever
so far forget myself as to attempt writing or
speaking a line or a word against the Union of
these States, or in behalf of those who now seek
the overthrow of the Government, I trust my
tongue and arm may become palsied and motion-
less. Let me die, as I have lived, a citizen of the
free United States of America.
STATE OP THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. QUARLES,
OP TENNESSEE,
In the House op Representatives,
February 1, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. ClUARLES said;
Mr. Speaker: I have not sought the floor in
the vain belief that any feeble utterances of mine
can stay the tide of events which is, I fear, bear-
ing us with irresistible force into the maelstrom
of anarchy and civil war; but in the hope that I
may possibly inducc gentlemen on both sides of
the House to pause and reflcct before they plunge
our common conmry irrevocably into revolution
and fraternal strife. Sir, I should be recreant to
the high trusts which a generous and patriotic
constituency have confided to mc, if I did not exert
my every energy to allay the excitement which
now unhappily pervades every section of our coun-
try, and do every act which patriotism can prompt
to give peace to our distracted land. This is not
the time for disquisitions upon the theory of our
Constitution, or for refined and critical distinc-
tions betweon the rights of the Federal Govern-
ment and those reserved to the States. Revolu-
tion actually exists, and we must deal with stern
and unyielding facts. Six of our sister States have
shot madly and hurriedly from their accustomed
orbits, and no longer revolve around our Federal
governmental center. The u sweet wreath of our
Union has been unbound," universaldistrustand
wide-spread pecuniary disaster pervades every
circle of society and all the avocations of life; and
it is the first and highest duty of a patriot and
Representative to address himself to the task of
composing tho differences which have produced
these baneful consequences.
Mr. Speaker, there is no man who has less
sympathy with the hasty and reckless course of
our sister States of the South, in their wild scheme
of disunion, than myself. They have been rash
and precipitate in their action, and have refused
even to advise and consult with us of the border
slave States, whose interests were to be so mate-
rially affected by their action; but, in a delirium
of excitement, which seems to have overborne
their reason, they have rushed madly on, reckless
of consequences to themselves or others. And
without stopping to refute the political heresy of
secession, undercover of which they seek to shelter
themselves, 1 content myself with tin? declaration
that I believe ithas no warrant in the Constitution
of the United States. 1 think, sir, that when our
forefathers adopted our present form of Govern-
ment, they intended that it should be enduring,
and were not guilty of the folly of leaving a re-
served right in any one of the States to destroy
the very Government they ordained, and conse-
quently every right which was expressly dele-
gated to it. I do believe, however, in the sacred
right of revolution; and whenever any Govern-
ment becomes oppressive to its citizens it is as
well their right as it is their solemn duty to throw
it off, and establish such a form of government as
is consonant with their honor, liberty, and inter-
ests. This is the right our fathers exercised when
they threw off the yoke of British domination and
tyranny; and this is the word they used to describe
it. It is the bolder and manlier word, and savors
of the spirit of!776. Ideny the constitutional right
of any State to secede from the Union, but affirm
the inalienable, inherent right of every free man
in it to revolutionize his Government whenever it
becomes oppressive and destructive of the ends
for which it was formed.
But, sir, in order to get at the true cause of the
revolution now in progress in the Gulf States, it
is necessary to revert to the initial point. Why
this dissatisfaction among whole communities in
the South? Is there no cause for it, or does it exist
alone in the distempered imaginings of southern
gentlemen ? Let us arrive at a correct diagnosis
of this political disease; and, if possible, eradicate
it. Northern gentlemen ask for a specification of
southern wrongs and grievances, and declare readi-
ness to consider them. The differences which ex-
ist between the two sections, in my judgment, sir,
consists, not so much in any particular acts of
the northern States, although 1 could enumerate
many which are violative both of the Constitution
of the United States and the rights of property of
citizens of the southern States, but in the fact
that an overshadowing an 1 dominant party has
arisen in the free States of this Union, the leading,
vital, and controlling principle of which is hos-
tility to slavery, with the avowed and openly de-
clared policy that the paramount domestic institu-
tion of the southern States shall be forever excluded
from the common Territories; and declares, in
the most deliberate and well-considered resolves
of both conventions and Legislatures, that slavery
is a great moral and political evil, and, as such,
should be abolished wherever the Fedeial Gov-
ernment has the power, under the Constitution,
to do so; and, with this one idea of anti-slavery,
as a common party vinculum, have nominated and
elected a President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, both residing in free States; and have
succeeded in consolidating the entire North in
their support.
The free States, with a system of labor dissim-
ilar to that of the slave States, have a large ma-
jority in every department of tho Government;
and the Republican party now controls every fiee
State in the Union—the free States being nineteen,
while the slave States are but fifteen. This is a
new phase in the politics of the country; and the
slave States, being the weaker, are at the mercy
of the dominant section. This, sir, is the true-
source of uneasiness and distrust on the part of
the South. They know their weakness and your
power; and it is from the avowed hostility of the
dominant section to one of the most cherished in-
stitutions of the weaker section thatthis apprehen-
sion and anxiety springs. And it is for this reason
you see southern men asking further constitu-
tional guarantees and a more explicit recognition
of their peculiar institution—slavery—in the or-
ganic law of our Government.
And this brings me, sir, to the consideration of
the several propositions now before the House;
and I shall discuss them in the order in which
they stand for our action. First, the proposed
amendments to the Constitution, offered by Mr.
Crittenden in the Senate, and moved in this
Houseby Mr. Clemen:^ ofVirginia, asanamend-
mentto thepropositionsofthe committee ofthirty-
three; which provide as follows:
Whereas serums and alarming dissenbions have arisen
betweon the northern and -southern States, concerning the
rights and security of the rights of the slavehoidmg States,
and especially their rights m the common territory of tho
United States; and whereat* it is eminently desirable and
proper that those dissensions, which now threaten the very
exigence of this Union, should be permanently quieted and
settled by constitutional piovisions, which shall do equal
justice to all sections, and thereby restore to the people that
peace and good will which ought to prevail between all citi-
zens of the United States : Therefoie,
llesoltcdbytke Senate ami House of Representatives of the
United Stata ofAmerica in Congress assembled, (two thirds
ol'footli Houses concurring,) That the following articles be,
and are hereby, proposed and submitted as amendments to
the Constitution of the Uiutud States, which vhall be valid
to all intents and purposes as part of said Constitution,
when ratified by conventions ot three fourths of the several
States.
AtiTtci.F 1. In all the territory of the United Slates now
held or hereafter acquired, situate noith of latitude 36° 30',
slavery or involuntary snviiude, except as a punishment
for crime, is piolnbitcd while such territory shall remain
under tentorial government. In all the territory south of
said line of latitude slavery of the African race is hereby
recognized as existing, and shall not be interfered with by
Congie^s, but shall be protected as property by ail the de-
partments of the territorial government during its conlin-
uance; and when any territory, north or south of said hue,
within such boundaries as Congress may prescribe, shali
contain the population requisite for a member of Congress^
according to the then Federal latio of representation of the
people ot the United States, it shall, if its form of govern-
ment be republican, be admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States, with or without slavery, as
the constitution of such new State may provide.
Art. 2. Congress shall have no power to abolish slavery
in places under its excluMve jurisdiction, and situate within
the limits of States that permit the holding of slaves.
Art. 3. Congress shali have no power to abolish slavery
within the District of Columbia so long as it exists in the
adjoining States of Virginia and Maryland, or either, nor
without the consent of the inhabitants, nor without just
compensation first made to such owners of slaves as do not
consent to such abolishment. Nor shall Congress at any
tunc piohibit officers of the Federal Government or mem-
ber-? of Congress, whose duties require them to be in said
District, fiom bringing with thom their slaves and holding
them as such during the time their duties may require them
