724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
though Mr. Lincoln may have said that the war
must never cease until slavery is abolished, and
that he hoped during his lifetime to see this result
produced, yet, under the existing Constitution,
he will not be able to effect it; and we are told
that we ought to wait, at least, for overt acts.
Now, sir, when an honorable Senator tells me,
for example, that he stands upon the Georgia
platform, and that he is ready to resist its viola-
tion, I give him credit for the utmost sincerity;
but I tell you, Mr. President, as a Kentuckian,
as one who represents a conservative and a bor-
der State, I do not believe, if we submitted now
to this election, that those overt acts would be re-
sisted. Take, for example,the fugitive slave law.
If it were repealed twelve months hence, it might
be said that this law violated grossly northern
sentiment; that it was very inefficient; that we
did not recover more slaves under it than we did
undertheold law; that we would be simply throfrn
back to where we were m 3850; and the border
States, being those most interested, ought first to
move, and no resistance would in fact be made.
Again: suppose the Wilmot proviso, or the ex-
clusion of slavery in the Territories, was adopted:
it would be said, this was what had been often
done; it had been repeatedly passed, and even
sanctioned by southern men, that slavery never
would go into the Territories. This question was
a mere abstraction, and the question would be
asked, " Will you dissolve this glorious Union
for a mere abstraction?" I do not think there
would be resistance by the southern people after
they had been demoralized by submission to
Lincoln.
Again: suppose slavery were abolished in this
District: it would doubtless be done with com-
pensation to the owners. The people of the North
would not object, of course, to paying a small
amount for that purpose, and those who are favor-
able to a high tariff might bo very willing to make
that expenditure. Even now, sir, the leading
Republican journals are discussing the propriety
of buying all the slaves in Maryland, m youi State,
sir, and m Missouri and Delaware, and thereby
making them free. This proposition finds favor.
If, therefore, slavery in this District were abol-
ished in that way, it would be said, " what right
has South Carolina, or North Carolina, or any
other State, to object?" While these things were
going on, you would see a division to some extent
created in the South. There are, in all communi-
ties, discontented elements; there are everywhere
men who are ready for change and ripe for revo-
lution. So powerful is this element in most coun-
tries* in the world, the people have to be kept down
by force. There is, perhaps, not a country in
Europe where there would not be a revolution
every ten years if it were notfor the arms and power
of the Government. But when a Government un-
dertakes to foment revolution, it is omnipotent;
and I have no doubt that, with all the patronage
and all the power which a Republican President
could bring to his aid, with a free post office dis-
tribution of abolition pamphlets, you would see a
poweiful division in poitionsof the South. In the
mean time, the forts and arsenals could all be well
occupied and strengthened, and all the public arms
removed from the southern States. Last winter,
before these difficulties happened, when Mr. Floyd
made an order directingthe removal of arms from
the northern to the southern States, though he
removed less than half of them, he was vehemently
denounced for it. You are too well read in his-
tory not to remember that Carthage was destroyed
because she permitted the Romans, under a prom-
ise of good treatment, to remove all her public
arms; and if the South, in that condition, with
additional armaments in all the forts, with some
division among our people, and threatened with
negro insurrection, and deprived of all share in
the public arms* were then to resist more serious
aggressions, we should fight under great disad-
vantages, and, perhaps, if not subdued, have a
long and a bloody struggle before us.
I say, therefore, to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, in all sincerity, that, in my judgment,
the issue which his State and mine have'to determ-
ine is, whether there shall be a manly resistance
now, or whether our States shall become free
negro communities. It is my deliberate judgment
that, if this issue had met with no resistance, the
latter alternative would have been the result.
But, sir, six States have resisted, and are out of
the Union,and the seventh,Texas, has probably
gone out during the past week. There are causes
m operation which will inevitably, too, if they
are not arrested, drive out other slave States. In
North Carolina, in Kentucky, and in Virginia,
for example, a large number of the people now
are waiting to see if there can be any proper ad-
justment. "If it fails—if some such scheme, as the
honorable Senator from Kentucky has offered, is
not adopted, a large and powerful body of con-
servative men will at once go to the side of the
secessionists. Even if that does not carry out
those States, there is one other contingency, urgent
and pressing, which will do it. Your State, sir,
has determined, by an almost unanimous vote of
her Legislature—and so has Virginia—that any
attempt to coerce the seceding States should be
resisted by force. True, gentlemen say they are
not for coercion, but they are for enforcing the
laws and collecting the revenue. I will not enter
into an argument to prove to any Senator that this
is coercion. If I were met on the highway by a
man, with a pistol in hand, and he should say that
he had no right to rob me, but that he meant to
take my money, and would use force to accom-
plish his purpose, I should not enter into an argu-
ment with that man to convince him that this was
robbery. So, when honorable Senators tell me
that they arc for enforcing the laws, I will not
argue that this is coercion. Ail that Great Britain
ever demanded in the Revolution was, that the
colonies should obey the acts of Parliament, and
pay such taxes as she imposed; and there was no
day, during that long struggle, when, if George
Washington and his compatriots had agreed to
pay the taxes and obey the acts of Parliament,
that the British armies would not have been with-
drawn.
This is the only sort of coercion that is ever
used among civilized nations. Great Britain,
France, Russia, or any other civilized country
docs not send out aimies to shoot down peaceable,
obedient men. All they require is, that the laws
should be obeyed and the taxes paid. This idea
of sending out armies to kill people who arc obe-
dient prevails only among savages. It is done
in Africa, where one negro community turns out
and destroys another. It was the mode of en-
forcement used among the aborigines of this coun-
try, when one Indian tribe wentoutand destroyed
another. Therefore, when honorable Senators
tell me that they are not for coercion, but they
are for enforcing the laws, 1 understand them as
simply saying that they are civilized men, and
mean to resort to that process which prevails in
civilized nations, and not among savages.
They suppose, Mr. President, that they will be
able to have a little war; and I have been aston-
ished , in conversing even with Senators, to say
nothing of the newspapers, to find that the idea
prevailed that you could have a small war, con-
fined to the blockading of a few ports, and that it
would stop there. At an early day of this ses-
sion, my attention was called to a plan, coming
from a distinguished source, in which the opinion
was maintained that there were not at that time,
in several of the planting States, provisions enough
to support the people for two months; and that cer-
tainly, with all they could get, by June they would
be starved out and brought to terms of submission
by a simple blockading of their ports. I was as-
tonished that such an idea should have been enter-
tained in the quarter from which it came. Why,
sir, everybody familiar with the South knows that
those States have ample means of living until the
next crop is produced.
If you could enforcc a strict blockadc, there is
no country on the earth that it would injure so
little as the South. Ail that is made in the Uni-
ted States can be produced there in the greatest
abundance, as fur as agriculture isconcerncd, and
we might manufacture everything on earth that
is needed; and, if the whole cotton crop were de-
tained athome,it would not,in a material degree,
affect our ultimate prosperity. I say that, if the
$200,000,000 worth of cotton which is annually
sent from the slave States, were kept there, or
never produced, we might still be one of the most
prosperous countries on earth; but how would it
be with Europe and the North? Can they do
without cotton?
It was said, boastingly, at an early stage of the
session, that king cotton was dethroned. There
never was a time when that monarch seemed to
be/in fact, so powerful. When this panic began,
and |U^ther kinds of property fell, cotton rose
rapicny. The monarch had but to waive his scep-
ter and the bankers of the east opened their cof-
fers and sent a stream of gold across the Atlantic
in ships such as old Neptune never saw when his
tridentruled the Mediterranean. Neptune's power
was limited to the sea. Alexander claimed to
have conquered the world; buthisdominions were
confined to Asia and the territories on the shores
of the Bosphorus. Julius'Cassar, a still mightier
monarch, ruled only on the eastern continent.
King cotton governs two hemispheres, and dom-
inates on land and sea, and the kings of the East
and the merchant princes of the West obey his
bidding. Most fortunate was it for New York
and the North that his power was unbroken; for
when the panic was progressing everywhere, and
the banks were failing, and traders were being
rumcd, and New York itself was staggering and
likely to go down with the mercantile interest of
that section, producing wide-spread misery, it
was this stream of gold which came from Europe
that upheld the New York banks, and enabled
them to sustain the merchants, and prevented a
scene of ruin such as we have not hitherto seen.
Suppose New York had lost that gold; suppose
the cotton which her ships were engaged in car-
rying had gone out in foreign vessels directly to
Europe—above all, sir, suppose it were kept at
home, and that neither the North nor England
could obtain it: you would see such a commercial
revulsion, such a panic, such a pressure, as has
not been known in a century. Things would in-
deed look as if chaos had returned to assert his
ancicnt dominion over the world. I find a short
extract in one of the British papers, the London
Chronicle of January 18. which comes to me in
the mail this morning, that illustrates the view-
that they are now taking in England of this
danger:
"■ The question is, in fact, little short of life and death.
Rum to mcicliunts ami mill-owners, and staivation to the
lestof the population, hang immediately m the balance.
One yeai's lailme of' the American crop, or postponement
of th"'' Ameucan supply, would produce eal.umtnib worse
than an> war or famine within modem expeuence."
That is the statcmentof a Butish organ, notat
all friendly to us and our institutions. The south-
ern coast is too extensive to be actually block-
aded by the greatest naval Power on earth; and
do you think Great Britain and France would re-
gard a mere paper blockade? You know they
would not; they could not afford to do it; and it
would never be effective if attempted. Again, sir,,
as was said by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Slidell] this morning, the whole ocean would
swarm with privateers, and the northern ship-
owners would find themselves deprived of our
freights, and also liable to capture on the high seas.
But, I ask, does anybody suppose that the war
would stop there? Does anybody suppose for one
moment that the people of the South would sit
down quietly and be cooped up in that way ? No,
sir. They would march until they found an en-
emy on land; and with two thousand miles of
frontier, stretching from the Atlantic to the ex-
treme West, does anybody really suppose they
would not find vulnerable points ? f askgentlemen
what is to prevent an attack upon this capital?
Tins city could be destroyed by an army that did
not cross the Potomac. A shell could be thrown
from Virginia into this very Senate Chamber. X
do not say this by way of menace; but to letgen-
tlemen sec that there is no difficulty in finding
points of collision; and lest I should be supposed
to insinuate that there is on foot a plan to attack
this capital, I wish to disclaim emphatically all
purpose of any design to interfere with it as far
as 1 know or believe. This capital is not of the
smallest consequence in a military point of view.
It was said by a great commander that, as to for-
tified places and cities, he would leave them to
the end of the war; for they were the prizes which
fall to the conqueror. This is eminently true of
this District. It is obliged to follow the fate of
the territory around it. Though the whole South
were anxious that a northern government should
be kept here, if Maryland and Virginia, or Vir-
ginia alone should leave the Union, we all know
that the North would not find it to be to its in-
terest to keep a capital either surrounded by for-
reign territory or on its border. I should regret
deeply any struggle for a place like this, which is
of no value in a military point of view, and which
