726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
ain, as was intimated by Sir Robert Peel, to make
use of this anti-slavery movement with a view of
breaking down slavery in the United States, or
causing a dissolution of the Union: gentlemen
may ask mc what motive Great Britain has to de-
sire such a result. I think she has at least four
powerful reasons, any one of which of itself
might be sufficient to direct her action. Her great
rival on the seas now is the United States. The
North furnishes the ships, and the South the
freights. I may say to gentlemen that, among
those froightsfurnished by the North, there is not
a great deal of bulk. The gold of California could
be carried in a small ship; and manufactures of
the North take up a little space; but the cotton,
the tobacco, the rice,the naval stores,and, in part,
the breadstuff's of the South, mainly furnish the
freights for the immense northern shipping. Sup-
pose Great Britain can succeed in dividing your
ships from our freights: it reduces America com-
paratively to a small maritime Power. That is
one powerful motive. A second one is this: Great
Britain is seeking to carry her manufactures into
all the countries of the world. They are now
kept out of the South by this tariff of twenty and
thirty per cent , because the North has that ad-
vantage; but if the South becomes independent,
British goods and northern goods come to us ex-
actly upon the same terms; and I saw enough of
prices in Europe, a little more than a year ago, to
know that our northern friends will find their in-
dustry very much supplanted by an equal tariff
between their goods and those of Great Britain
and other countries. While the South would be
a great gainer by this operation, as well as Eng-
land, the North would lose immensely.
But there is a third motive which would natu-
rally operate on the British Government, and to
some extent on others. The United States has.
now over thirty million people, in twenty-five
years we shall probably have more than sixty
million. If the Union continues, in fifty years
from this day we ought to have one hundred and
twenty million. We certainly shall have more
than a hundred million. We will be a Power so
great tiiat we might control civilization; and it is
very natural that an ambitious nation like Great
Britain should be willing to cut thatPowerdown.
We would do the same, perhaps, in a similar
position.
But, Mr. President, there is a fourth reason
which operates on her. It is well known that re-
publican ideas and liberal principles are making
great progress m Europe; and the governing
classes, the privileged classes there, are struggling
against them. The division of this Union would
throw back liberal ideas for ten years, perhaps
twenty—God only knows how long—in Europe.
These four powerful motives may "operate upon
the British Government, and indeed those espe-
cially interested in its success as at present organ-
ized, to regard a dissolution of the Union of these
States as eminently advantageous.
Now, suppose that a certain class—1 do not
pretend that the whole people aie so—but suppose
sagacious persons in Europe wished to produce
this result: what would they do' They know
thattheNorth is very sensitive to British opinion,
while the South is not at all so. The South, they
know, will march forward with its own ideas and
views, without regard to what may be said in
England; but the North being sensitive to their
opinion, what more natural than that the Lon-
don Post, which is understood to be Lord Pal-
merston's organ, should come out in article after
article, telling the Noith, if they now give way,
they will be utterly disgraced; that the United
States will be held in contempt by the world if
they make any concessions to' the slave power?
This is ingenious flattery to the anti-slavery feel-
ing of the Republican party. I recollect, Mr.
President, in my boyish days, reading in the Pil-
grim's Progress of a certain black man who wore
a very white robe, who met the two pilgrims, and
with fair speeches invited them to accompany
him. They soon found themselves entrapped and
caught in a net; and then the white robe fell off
the shoulders of the black man. Has it never
occurred to Senators on the other side that there
may be a mistake in all their calculations? As a
confirmation of this suggestion, namely, that these
British organs may change their tone after the
result has been effected, 1 will ask the Secretary
to read an extract which I find m the London
Times of the 18th of January, which came to me in
the mail this morning, and which shows that they
now at least understand pretty well the condition
of things in this country. The Times, 1 need not
remark, is the best exponent of British opinion
in the world, and I think fully and fairly repre-
sents British feeling and British prejudices, as it
is undoubtedly the ablest paper in the world. I
ask the Secretary to read that extract.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"If South Carolina sccodc* j if Georgia, Florida, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana follow; ifasouth-
em todemtion be fanned, and takes its placc among the
Powers of the earth, theie can be no hope of keeping the
border s-lave States. These will be drawn by a natural af-
finity to detach themselves Irom the North and join the
slaveholdmg federation. North Carolina, Tennessee,Ken-
tucky, Missouii, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, will then
be dissociated from the fiee States. Such an event cannot
be regaided without dismay by the most staunch abolition-
ist. It would, in fact, make the southern federation the
leal United States, as far as teriitory,piesent and prospect-
ive, is concerned, and reduce the Noith to what our ances-
tors would have called a 'rump.' The people ot Boston
or Philadelphia might be distinguished for their abilitvand
cnterpnse, but they would belong to a count)y with hardly
a greater future than Canada. Every natural advantage
would be on the side of the slave States. Look at the map,
and you will see what a natrow slip of country composes the
fiee soil of the American federation. Only the sea coast fiom
the British frontier to the Delaware—a few hundred nnjes—
belongs to it; all the rest, sketching far away down the
Atlantic and along the Gulf of Mexico, is in the hands of
the slaveowners. The mouth of the Mississippi is theits;
the Missouri and Arkansas, the gieat aiterics of the ex-
tiemc West, are theirs. Vuginia pushc* a spur of tcrri-
toiy to within less than a hundred miles of Lake Erie, and
thus divides the Atlantic fiee States fiom the West in a
manner highly dangerous to then futuie union. Indeed, it
is doubtful whether the connection between New Yoik and
New England on the one hand, and Illinois and the neigh-
boring States on the other, could long survive the total sep-
aration of the South. The Noith would havcateiritory as
stiaggling as that of Prussia, and the western region would
soon find it advantageous to dissolve its union with the
eastern.
u In the mean time, all the riches of the New World would
be in the gra«p of the southerner. Instead of exploring
the inhospitable legion* in the neighboihood of the British
frontiei, which would be all that loinamed to the Noith,
the slave owneis would carry then ' undeniable p>opeity'
into lands blessed with eveiy advantage of climate, soil,
and mineial wealth. Te.\a^ has temtnry enough to make
three oi four great States New Mexico is about to l ; ad-
mitted with slave institutions. Arizona will follow. Mex-
ico must in a lew yeats be conquered, and the southerners,
louts of the most magnificent domain in the world, would
control the passage between the two oceans. In shoit, if
the Union let-; South Catolma go. theie is no saving what
may go with it. It is very well to speculate on the letum of
an eiringsistcM, but experience shows that hcccstjons, when
once made, atenoi easily teealled. It n the nsuuic of ciack*
to widen, and both at the Noith and West theie aie masses
of people so earnest in the advocacv ot stions ineasmes to
pievent a disruption that the President may be toieed into
active measuios. Foi our own part, whatovei opinions
Americans may have of Lnglish policy, we beg to assuie
them that m this countiy theie is only one wish—that the
Union may survive this terrible tiial. Should Piovidence
decree it otheiwi^e, we earnesth piny that the separation
may be an amicable one. Civil wai in a fluinishing coun-
try and among a kindied people, can never be contemplated
without honor by a nation like ours; and we tiust that
neither the violence oi the people noi the weakness of their
leadeis will bung this calamity on the Ameucan Union."
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr President, I think
that illustrates pretty well the line of argument
which 1 have been endeavoring to make, that Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber will find
themselves wholly mistaken if they imagine that
Great Britain and France will not recognize us.
In addition to all those reasons which would just-
ify the recognition of countries generally, is the
absolute necessity they arc under of having cot-
ton from us.
Another mistake which I think gentleman make
is this: they suppose this movement at the South
maybe the mere result of the efforts of designing
politicians; and that the break up at Charleston
has caused if. No one was more aveise than my-
self to seeing this separation of the Democratic
party; and 1 thank the honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Pugii] for his efforts on that occasion,
and those of all others, to prevent it. But, sir,
so far from its contributing to this secession move-
ment, it has been the mam obstacle in its way.
The great body of the people of the South do not
hate the North, I think, as has been said by some
Senators. I know it is not true in North Caro-
lina. There is a very great distrust of the dom-
inant majority of the North, and an apprehension
of mischief; but the great body of our people
would far prefer a union with the North upon
honorable terms. While this is true, however,
it is equally well known that the division of the
Democratic party has retarded the action of the
South in defense of its honor and its rights.
I say to you, sir, that but for this division of
the party, if we had, however, been beaten, the
whole South would have gone out, just as South
Carolina has done—I mean without division. It
was that party division and the discussion grow-
ing out of it, and the charges and crimination and
recrimination of Union and disunion in the can-
vass, were the great obstacles in the way. But
our people arc gradually getting over those piej-
udices; and they see that the Republicans of the
North intended to beat us, whether we were uni-
ted or not; and the very men who most legretted
the divisions of the party are gradually falling
into the movement. They sec we will be ruined
by submission to the election of Mr. Lincoln. The
Republicans meant to beat us, whether we were
united or not, and the injury from their rule is the
same either way; and it is not for them to say that
we fought the battle unskillfully. I admit we did
fight unskillfully; but everybody in the South was
against them. We say that their domination is
just as mischievous to us as if we had been well
united. Another fact presents itself, that they
have a clear, large, overwhelming majority in the
northern States; enough to give them the control
of the Government; and it is a knowledge of this
fact that is driving our people forward, and they
will gradually come up to one line of action. His-
tory reproduces itself; human nature is the same:
and it might have been said in our struggle with
Great Britain that the colonies wcredivided. They
did not defend themselves well. Gates, by his
rashness, incurred the defeat at Camden. There
were dissensions in the colonies, and even many
tories among them; but that was no excuse for
Great Britain. She intended to subdue them,
whether they were united or not, and the injury
to her domination would have been the same in
either event.
Again: it is said, very plausibly, I admit, that
we ought not to abandon our northern friends—
our allies. That identical remark might have been
made, and was, in substance, m-ade, during our
Revolution, for there were Chatham and Burke
and others whom our colonies had to abandon.
Lord Chatham never justified, but always con-
demned, the secession of the colonies; but that
secession or revolution vindicated him and Burke
and Fox. And, sir, if we were now to submit,
where would our northern allies be ? Trampled
under foot by a resistless anti-slavery party. It
would be said: " Your southern friends arc gas-
conading braggarts; ready to submit to us like
whippedspamels." They would be trodden down
and annihilated; but by our resisting we vindi-
cate the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] as a pa-
triot, a sagacious statesman, and a just man. We
vindicate the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las;] theSenatorsfrom Indiana; the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Lane;] the Senators from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bigleu] and New Jersey, [Mr.
Thomson;] and last though not least, the generous
Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice.] They will
stand in after times as men who had the sagacity
to see the right, and the courage to defend it.
Again: we arc told that, having gone into the
contest, we are bound to submit to the result, just
as a gambler who plays a game must pay'the
stakes he loses. Why, Mr. President, on this
principle, if the Republicans weie to nominate a
free negro, I suppose we would be bound to let
him be elected without opposition, for if we run
a candidate against him, wc would be bound to
submit to him if elected, and therefore ought to
let him go in without opposilion. If we had not
attempted to defeat Lincoln, in fact, by running a
rival candidate, we might have been obliged to
submit, and ought to have been, and would have
been, justly held responsible. We, however,did
our duty to the country by making an honest
effort to defeat him, though possibly we may not
have conducted the contest skillfully. I maintain
that no party in the South is justly chargeable
with Lincoln's election, as, in spite of their re-
sistance, he obtained a large majority over all
opposition in States enough in the North to clcct
him.
i will say in candor also to Senators, that there ,
aie three measures now passing which will add
very much to this secession movementin theSouth.
| I allude, first, to the Pacific railroad bill, by which
we have undertaken, as far as this Senate can un-
dertake anything, to build three railroads, at a cost
of §120,U0U,UU0. Now, sir, some of our people
