144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
the contrary is not shown, the general character and de-
scription of ill em is. that they arc personal property; and I
see no reason in the present case for saying that they are
not within the general rule, and consequently that they are
not to be considered ' as goods or merchandise.' They are
liable to be transfened by purchase and sale, and although
the owner may choose to employ them on his own woiks,
instead of transferring them for a valuable consideration,
they are not, I apprehend, the less ' goods and merchandise5
on that account. The very same observation applies to all
other cases of personal property, For all such pioperty, if
salable, is merchandise, although the person in possession
may not be a merchant, or mean to dispose of it by sale."
Once more: in the case of Le Louis (6 Ad-
miralty Reports) Lord Stowell is still more em-
phatic on the subject of the recognition by the
law of nations of the African slave, if recognized
as lawful by the country whose bottoms are en-
gaged in it. He says:
"It [the court] must look to the legal standard of moral-
ity ; and upon a question of thisnatme, that standard must
be iound in the law of nations, as fixed and evidenced by
general and ancient and admitted practice, by treaties, and
by the geneial tenor of the laws and ordinances, and the
formal transactions of civilized States: and looking to those
authorities., I find a difficulty m maintaining that the traffic
is legally criminal.
" Let me not be misunderstood, or misappiehended, as a
professed apologist tor tins practice, when I state lacts
.which no man can deny , that personal tdavery arising out
of forcible captivity is coeval with the earliest periods of
the history of mankind; that it is lound existing—and, as
far as appears, without animadversion—in the earliest and
most authentic records of the human race ; that it is rec-
ognized by the codes of the most polished nations of an-
tiquity ; that, under the light of Christianity it>-eil,thepo^
session of persons so acquired has been m every civilized
country invested with the character of pioperty, and se-
cured as such by all the protections of law ; that solemn
treaties have been framed and national monopolies eagoiiy
sought, to facilitate and extend the commerce in this* as-
serted properly; and all this, with all the sanctions of law,
public and municipal, and without any opposition, except
the pioieatnofa tew private moralist*, little heaid and le^
attended to, in every country, nil within these very lew
years, in this paittcular country, if thoinattei rested here,
1 fear it would have been deemed a mo-t extiavagant as-
sumption 111 any court of the law of nations to pionounce
that this practice, the tolerated, the approved, the ciieour-
aged object of law ever since man became subject to law,
was prohibited by that law, and was legally criminal. But
thti matter does not re t here. Within these few years a
considerable change of opinion has taken place, particu-
larly in this country. Fonnal decimations have been made,
and* laws enacted in reprobation of tins practice; and pains,
ably and zealously conducted, have been taken to induce
other countries to lollovv the example, but at piesent with
in&urtieiem effect; for there aic nations which adhere to
tin* practice under all the encouragement which thou own
laws can give it. What is the doctrine of oui courts, of the
law ot nations, relative to them ? Why,that then practice
is to be respected ; that their slaves, il taken, are to be
restored to them; and, if not taken under innocent mistake,
are, to be restored with costs and damages. All this, surely,
upon the ground that such conduct on the part of any State
Is no departure from the law of nations ; because if it were,
no such respect could be allowed to it upon an exemption
of Us own making, tor no nation eati privilege itself to com-
mit a crime aguiutt the law of nation-* by a mere munici-
pal regulation of its own. And it our understanding and
administration of the law of nations be, that every nation,
independently of treaties, retains legal right to cany on tin-?
traffic, and that the trade; cariied on undei that authoi ity is
to be respected by all tribunals, foieign as well as domes-
tic, it is not easy to find any consj.sicnt grounds on which
to maintain that the traffic, according to our views of that
law, is criminal."—English ^Admiralty Ilepoyts, vol. S2.
Need I refer to the case of the Antelope, in
which the distinguished and lamented Chief Jus-
tice Marshall held that—-
"The Atiican slave trade had been sanctioned in modern
times by the laws of ail nations who possess distant eolo
riles, each of whom has engaged in a as a common eommei -
cial business which no other eould lightfully interrupt. It
has claimed all the sanction which could be deiived fiom
long usage and general acquiescence."
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] will
surely not contend that these decisions sustain his
position that African slavery is a local institu-
tion, created exclusively by Suite laws, or that the
common law did not recognize property in a per-
son. Sir, upon what ground could we have ever
obtained indemnity, as we have often done for
the loss of our slaves on the high seas, if tins
doctrine were true? The official correspondence
of our ministers abroad abounds in claims of this
character, and many have been successful; but if
foreign nations had followed the doctrines of the
Republican party, our claims in every instance
would have been ignored.
The gentleman from Ohio, however, greatly
surprised me in his positions against the right of
transit with our slaves through the free States.
The objections urged were not new; but I was
pained to hear them used by my friend from Ohio.
His known conservatism led me to expect a more
liberal policy towards the slave States. What
are his objections to this right of transit? He says:
" But if the Constitution recognizes the slave as prop-
erty, and as such he is taken by his master into a slave
Stare, he goes there subject to all the incidents and liabil-
ities of property. He is liable to be seized on execution or
attachment for the payment of his master's debts. He may,
of course, be sold at public auction, to the highest bidder.
And if the sale be legal, and the purchaser require a good
title, is there any reason why a person domiciled in the free
States when the sale is made, may not become the pur-
chaser. and hold the title? But if the master should die m
a free State, having his slaves with him, and leaving debts
unpaid, the slaves must go to the administrator as assets
for the payment ot his debts, and for distribution to his
heirs."
It is difficult to perceive how the free States could
be injured by any of these objections. Their
occurrence is very improbable; but if they oc-
curred, as stated by the gentleman, what injury
occurs to the people of the free States?
Every State can prevent the seizure of a slave
by providing that slaves are exempt from execu-
tion. That is the case in some of the slave States
now. This done, the objections fall. Does the
gentleman not know that debts are often recov-
ered in Ohio on notes given for the sale of slaves
and assigned to the citizens of his State? Suppose
the master die while in transitu with slaves, can
they not be taken back to his domicil and there
distributed? If the negroes should escape and
become free, so far from an injury to the free
States, il would gladden the hearts of thousands
of its anti-slavery inhabitants.
My friend supposes a case of resistance or kill-
ing of the slave by the master, in resistance of the
former to the latter in transitu, and says it would
not be murder, because the law of the State from
whence they came would make the murder justifi-
able homicide. I deny both the fact and the con-
clusion. The free States can punish all offenses
as they please within their own jurisdiction; and
the unjustifiable killing of a slave by his master
is punishable as murder or manslaughter in the
slave States. There is, therefore, nothing valid
in these objections against this right of transit as
claimed; and it seems to me it is due,and should
be yet demanded, as a constitutional guarantee be-
tween the States,as an amendment to the Consti-
tution.
Mr. Speaker, it is time that the Representatives
from the various sections should distinctly face
each other, and meet the dangers that are upon
us. The Chicago platform cannot be carried out
and the Confederacy preserved. We question not
the right of any party to elect its candidates under
the regular organic forms of our Government.
Mr. Lincoln has been thus elected, I readily ad-
mit. But the slave States have a right to resist
the execution of a policy at war with their inter-
ests, destructive of their peace, injurious to their
rights, and subversive of the ends and objects for
which the Union was formed. No party can be
allowed to array section against section, with the
ultimate purpose of destroying the property arid
rights of the weaker section; and such must be the
inevitable tendency of the distinct avowal in the
Republican creed of " no more slave territory."
To exclude slavery forever from present or future
acquired territory, is publicly to announce that
another slave State can never enter into the bond
of our common Union. No slave Slate can ever
apply for admission, if slave labor is forever
excluded from our public domain.
The result of such a policy was clearly pre-
dicted during the late canvass. Kentucky preferred
and hoped to make the contest against the inau-
guration of such doctrincswithin theUnion. That
gallant old Commonwealth trusted to the political
power of the slave States in Congress to check,
by constitutional restraints—in withholding sup-
plies, rejection of improper nominations, and a
non-concurrence in measures of sectional policy
—to protect her honor and rights, with those of
her sister slavehokhng States, from danger and
assault. Her influence and voice were exerted
towards such a policy. Other sovereign States,
having equal interests at stake, and the exclusive
right to decide their own action, have determined
to pursue, and have already followed, a different
policy. Kentucky's voice, ere the sad work of
dismemberment was begun, addressed itself to the
dominant party for compromise and peace. She
asked from that party no concession, but only a
construction of our covenant as judicially con-
strued,and its eternal protection from unhallowed
touch in any quarter. Her voice was unheeded
by the dominant party, and the work of with-
drawal went on. Is this Government to go down;
and if so, is our separation to be in peace or in
war? The solution of this fearful question rests
with the Republicans. Your policy and assault
upon the constitutional rights of our section have
raised the whirlwind; on you must forever rest
the vast responsibility of its results.
Our country has passed through many dark and
trying crises; but there have been, hitherto, under
providential guidance, always found statesman-
ship profound enough and patriotism deep enough
to disarm them of danger and mischief.
Do you remember the stern remonstrance of
Kentucky, m 1794, because the free navigation
of the Mississippi had not been secured. Her
Legislature announced in calm, but strong lan-
guage, that God and nature had given that right,
and they would remain in no Union where it was
not forever guarantied. George Washington was
then President, and he uttered no menaces against
that jealous Commonwealth. In a spirit of com-
promise and patriotism he recommended a re-
spectful reply to her remonstrance; the facts were
laid before the Legislature, and the free naviga-
tion of the " father of waters" was secured.
What next? In 1807, a storm raged in New
England at the passage of the embargo act. The
proud spirit of that people rebelled against the
alleged enormities and injustice of the operation
of that act upon its immediate section. The le-
gislative records of New England, at that period,
will show that even they were prepared to out-
strip Carolina in her purpose to break the liga-
ments that bound them to the Union, unless that
law was repealed. The embargo act had been a
favorite measure with Mr. Jefferson; but when he
saw the discord which it kindled,and the danger
which it produced in the New England States,
with a breast filled with patriotism, as broad as
his whole country, he surrendered his cherished
policy, and the embargo was repealed.
Again: in 1820, when the Union was rocked to
its center, and the brazen head of the anti-sla-
very serpent reared itself in open rebellion to the
equality and rights of the States, compromise and
concession brought healing on its wings, and the
country was saved
In 1832, when South Carolina, stung by the
oppressive exactions of the tariff, determined to
resist its operation, and prepared herself for an
issue with the Federal authority; in that dark
hour, when civil war seemed inevitable, Virginia
threw herself in the breach between the Federal
Government and her jealous but defiant sister,
until Kentucky, in the person of her great com-
moner, could pour oil on the troubled waters by
a modification of the obnoxious statute. How
necessitous, how urgent, did the perils of that
dark peiiod demand the spirit of compromise?
How magnificently beneficent the lofty patriotism
of the great actors in that political drama, which
could bid party down for the preservation and
peace of a noble Confederacy! It will forever
stand out in bold relief among the epochs of our
country as the oblation of sublime patriotism to
free institutions. The great author and defender
of the American system, uniting with him who
had boldly announced " that the Federal Union
must be preserved" for the peace of a common
country!
Again: in 1849, when the increasing and aggres-
sive power of anti-slavery sentiment upon our
constitutional rights overleaped the compromise
of 1820, refusing to allow the Missouri line to be
extended to the Pacific in our newly-acquired ter-
ritory, the country was convulsed and theUnion
threatened. But again, under God's providence,
the patriotic wisdom of a noble triumvirate, now
passed away, but whose precepts and virtues
speak to us from the grave, with noble followers,
saved and lestored peace to a distracted country.
That noble country bleeds once more; and our
American Republic is being dismembered. Ken-
tucky again presents her olive branch of peace,
and asks you, why will you not take wisdom of
the past, and hearken unto her conciliatory whis-
perings?
We are defiantly told by the other side that they
