730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, send it up. .
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 ask leave to offer the
followingresolution, to which, I think, there ought
to be no objection, and to which I hope there will
be no objection:
Whereas it is reported that near a million dollars, con-
sisting of the money of the United States and of individual
depositors, was lately in the custody of the superintendent
of the mint of the United States at the city of New Or-
leans ; and whereas it is also reported that that officer has
refused to pay a draft of the United States out of their own
money in his custody, and has appropriated the whole of
the contents of said mint to the use of the revolutionary
authorities in the State of Louisiana, and has put the Uni-
ted States at defiance; and whereas it is also reported that
the same revolutionary authorities have seized the custom-
house of the United States at said city: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re
spectfully requested to communicate to this House, at an
early day, if, in his judgment, not incompatible with the
public interests, the facts in relation to the aforesaid mat-
ters, and what, if any, steps he has taken or contemplates
to recover possession of said tiea^ure and property.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will just offer his resolution of inquiry, I
will offer no objection to it; but with the preamble
to his resolution I think it objectionable. I there-
fore cannot go for the preamble, but I will go for
the resolution with a great deal of cheerfulness.
I cannot agree to the reception of the resolution
in its present form.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The preamble only re-
cites what is represented to be matters of report.
It avers nothins.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that. If the
gentleman will just call on the President of the
United States to furnish any information not in-
compatible with the public service, in regard to
the seizure of money belonging to the Federal
Government, in the city of New Orleans, or in
regard to the refusal to pay drafts drawn on any
United States officer there by the Government, I
will vote for it; but I cannot agree to its reception
in its present form.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
debate.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am willing to accept
the modification suggested.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Illinois, so as to
call on the President for any information in his
possession in regard to this matter.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I acceptthe modifica-
tion.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
the reception of the resolution.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am surprised that
any member of this House should object to a res-
olution of this kind.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. And I am
surprised that a gentleman, professing to enter-
tain the principles held by the gentleman from
Illinois, should present such a resolution.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am surprised that
any gentleman here, objecting to submission,
should not object to the usurpations of revolu-
tionary authorities.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I deny all
the allegations in the preamble of the gentleman's
resolution.
Mr. McCLERNAND. There is no allegation
in the preamble, sir. It only recites what pur-
ports to be matter of report, and the resolution is
predicated on that.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If we were
to base resolutions on every idle newspaper report,
we would have plenty to do.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to debate.
The gentleman from North Carolina objected to
my making a remark.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. Several gentlemen desire
that the debate on the report of the committee of
thirty-three shall be earned on in evening session.
I therefore ask unanimous consent that a recess
shall be taken from four o'clock till seven for this
week for debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope that the proposition will
not be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is proposed for the benefit
of gentlemen generally.
Mr. LOGAN. If the evening session is for the
purpose of allowing gentlemen to read what they
have written as speeches, I have no objection;
but gentlemen who have the floor now are not in
the habit of reading communications to the House,
and do not want to speak in the night to the Chair,
without any one to pay attention to them. I have
been here during two of the night sessions, and
I have not noticed the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] at any of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I never attend nightsessions.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, sir, if evening sessions
are to bo held for the purpose of allowing gen tie-
men to read written speeches, I have no objection.
But I have a right to the floor whenever the House
takes up the report of the committee of thirty-
three. I have no written speech. I never write
one; and do not intend to speak at night to empty
benches, and hope the House will not force me
to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have only made the mo-
tion for the benefit of other gentlemen entirely.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, it will be no benefit
to me. I do not want to speak at any night ses-
sion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would suggest a
compromise in relation to this question. I pro-
pose that none but extemporaneous speeches shall
be made in the morning, and none but written
speeches shall bo made at night. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. CAREY. I take this opportunity of ascer-
taining, if I can, what a gentleman has to do in
this House in order to obtain the floor to speak.
Mr. KILGORE. Oh, that is a bargain to be
made with the Chair.
Mr. CAREY. I have been wanting to make a
few remarks for some time, upon the matters
pending before the House; but I do not under-
stand precisely the way of getting the floor. I
understand there is a system here of farming out
the floor, and that a gentleman cannot have the
right to speak except he complies with all the
requiiemeiits of that system. I want to know
how, precisely, the right is to be obtained? How
did the gentleman from Illinois obtain that right ?
Mr. LOGAN. I obtained the right by coming
hero and sitting here until ten o'clock for two
sucessive nights before I could succeed in being
recognized by the Chair.
Mr. CAREY. Thatisall very satisfactory, as
far as the gentleman is concerned; but that does
not answer the question how these rights are
generally obtained >
Mr. LOGAN. That is the way I obtained my
right.
Mr. CAREY. Well, sir, 1 hear of gentlemen
having their names recorded for thefloorfor weeks
before the subjecteven comes up for discussion. I
protest against such a practice prevailing here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is laboring under a very great mistake, so far as
the Chair is concerned, in supposing that gentle-
men's names are recorded for the floor for weeks
in advance. The gentleman from Ohio has never
informed the Chair of his desire to address the
House. The Chair never heard a word of it
before.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I hope the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] will prevail. Ill reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] 1 have only to say that but
few speeches delivered in this House are listened
to, but are read by the constituencies of the gen-
tlemen who deliver them on this floor, and their
respective merits passed upon by the people of
the country. I do not propose to read a written
essay; but I do desire to submit my views to the
House on the political crisis, and then to review
and write them out, that my constituents and the
people of my State may know my views on the
subject.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is, shall the House take a recess for the
present week from four o'clock to seven o'clock,
for the purpose of debate only?
Mr. LOGAN. 1 object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Why, sir, I understand the
debate upon this subject is to be closed on Thurs-
The SPEAKER. The question before the
Honsp, then, is upon closing debate in two hours
on the pending amendment of the Senate to the
deficiency bill.
Mr. CP^AIG, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Oluo yields to me to offer a resolution for
reference only.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to any resolution.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to;
and the order made that debate be closed on the
Eendingamendmentofthe Senate to the deficiency
ill, in two hours after the consideration of the
same shall be resumed in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bhrnett
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the Senate amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30,1861, the pending question being
on Mr. Mouse's amendment to the third amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
Add at tile ond ot the amendment as follows:
Provided, That no part of tin: sum hereby appropriated
shall be diawn from tye Treasury until after such conditions
and regulations have been established by the I'icsideiit in
reference to supplying coal undersaid contract,and for the
performance of all the provisions of the same, as will fully
protect the United States ajzamst the failure or incapacity
of said Thompson or said Chiriqui Improvement Company
to fulfill its stipulations: Provided further, That the United
States shall acquire no right of sovereignty over any terri-
tory in the Republic of New Granada or Costa Rica, nor
any right to transport troops or munitions of war over such
territory under or by virtue of the contract recitcd in this
act, unless the same be voluntarily consented to by said
Republic.
To which the following was offered by Mr.
Pottle:
Provided further. That no part of the sum hereby appro-
priated shall be paid until a railway be completed and put
in operation upon the roadway named in said conditional
contract.
The Senate amendment being as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the
conditional contract made by him with the Chiriqui Im-
provement Company and Ambrose W. Thompson, on the
t day of May, 18.',9, for the puipose of securing to the
ited States certain valuable privileges and rights speci-
al! in said contract, and which sanl contract is hereby
pproved, §300,000.
On which Mr. Morse was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORSE addressed the committee for an
hour in favor of a concurrence in the amendment
of the Senate. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. <phair-
man, I am aware that but few gentlemen in the
House at this time can be expected to examine a
subject of this kind thoroughly enough to form
a conclusion, by wading through the mass of
matter, relevant and irrelevant, authentic and spu-
rious, to be met with in the report in this case.
But it became my duty, as one of the Committee
of Ways and Means, bound to look into this
thing, to examine it thoroughly from top to bot-
tom. I have done so according to the best of my
ability, with a great desire to find it a just claim
—for some of my most intimate friends are deeply
interested in its success—but I have come to dif-
ferent conclusions. These conclusions are as fol-
lows:
In the first place, Mr. Thompson has not a par-
ticle of title to anyone of the tilings which he
oflers to sell us; and I will demonstrate that be-
fore I get through. In the next place, if he had
the best title ill the world, the privilege is not
worth a farthing to himself or anybody else. In
the third place, if he had the title, and if the priv-
ileges were valuable, he could not transfer them
to the United States; and the very transfer which
he has attempted to make now, has forfeited all
his rights. If I do not demonstrate these things
clearly, and to the satisfaction of the few gentle-
men who are accustomed to look into matters of
this kind, then 1 have deceived myself.
Mr. Chairman, the scene—it is well we should
know its location—of this South Sea bubble is a
tract of land which makes the northern part of the
Isthmus of Panama. I infer it from Morse's Ge-
ography, and our own treaties. I cannot be mis-
taken m that, so far as the New Granadian con-
tract is concerned. It is the northern part of the
Isthmus of Panama, about sixty or seventy miles
north of the railroad that crosses at Panama. That
railroad is forty-seven miles in length. From the
lagoon of Chiriqui to the town of David, where
the first grant goes—and which the chairman of
