146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
36th Cong.,..2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
race of freedom, and perform our high duties to
God, ourselves, and our country.
If, Republicans, you turn a deaf ear to all argu-
ments; if you turn your back on every proposi-
tion looking to the preservation of this Constitu-
tion, which is the only bond of our Union, then
you have but one resort left. It matters not
whether secession be constitutional or whether it
be revolutionary, I tell you plainly, for the border
States, that they know their own honor and their
own equality, and that they will maintain it at
every hazard and at every sacrifice. Suppose you
declare war,and force us to the ultima ratio regum:
what then? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] asked me the other day in regard to a gal-
lant XCentuckian who saw his flag lowered at Fort
Moultrie, how I could reconcile it to myself to see
that. I can answer the gentleman, that it saddens
my heart, and grieves the heart of every true man
in Kentucky, to see star by star eclipsed even for
a moment from that American ensign; but unless
Republican warfaie 011 our rights relents; unless
his party meet us in the spirit of compromise
which gave birih to the Union, they will not be
in temporary eclipse, but they will be extinguished
forever; ana in place of the twinkling and bright
representatives of sovereign and united States,
" distinct as the waves, yet one as the sea," re-
publicanism will supply the great central sun of a
consolidated despotism, whose burning rays will
absorb everything like State rights, State equal-
ity, State sovereignty. Kentucky loves the Union
with all the early and increasing affection of one
of its first daughters. In her armorial ensign,
amid the clustering and frescoed emblems of State
sovereignty above us, is reflected her devotion to
its perpetuation—"united, we stand; divided, we
fall!" It is ever above us and before us; it stamps
every commission Kentucky bestows, and is the
signet seal of sovereignty to every official paper
which emanates from her archives. But it is a
Union of equals that claims her allegiance and
commands ner regard. War upon that equality,
which the American Constitution ordained, the
American Union was designed to perpetuate, and
of which the stars and stripes are the glorious and
gladdening emblems, and you multiply the guilt
of your crime, in usurping and prostituting the
American standard sheet of all the States as the
flag of so unnatural a strife of one section against
the other. Attempt so unnatural a purpose, and
the clustering associations of past fellowship, com-
mon devotion, common, fraternal love, will but
increase the intensity of our antagonisms.
" But few shall pint whore many meet;
Tho snow shall bo their winding shoot,
Ami every turf beneath thoir foet
Bhali be a soldier's tsepuleher."
Remember, my friends, if that sad hour of
blood ever comes, that it will not be a war of our
making. I am authorized to say, what I believe
I can say, that you cannot find a disunionist per
se, in Kentucky. She has never been disloyal to
any compact. She has suffered at the rate of
$200,000 per annum in the loss of her slave prop-
erty. She has gone in highly sectional timesinto
the free State of Ohio to break bread and endeavor,
if possible, by personal communion, to attempt
to wake her to the nobler feelings which a recol-
lection of the late war ought to kindle; and she
has received m return an absolute denial of her
constitutional rights in the refusal by the Governor
of Ohio to return a fugitive, whose surrender
Kentucky had a right to demand,under the letter
and spirit of our Federal compact. And even
now, with disunion upon us, with the tocsin of
war almost sounding in our ears, she has taken
no step to rupture her bonds with the North or
the South; but she looks to the faithful perpetu-
ation of the Constitution and the Union. She is
willing to throw herself once more into the breach,
and use her mediatorial office to bring back her
erring sisters of the South, if their rights and hers
can, by proper guarantees, be recognized and pro-
tected. Kentucky conies not as a mendicant for
your favor; but in the name of a common coun-
try she appeals to you to give her a message, by
which she can attempt to make that appeal prac-
ticable. Will you hearken to her, or will you
prefer to attempt, at the cannon's mouth, to re-
duce her to the position of servile degradation?
Gentlemen, reverse the picture, and look at it
yourselves. Ask yourselves what you would
think, if the slave States were to attempt to deny
to you the right to any species of property recog-
nized by the Constitution, and sustained by the
decisions of the court of last resort. What would
you do under such circumstances? Why, you
would do even more than we have done. You would
be alarmed at the infiaction of your rights. If you
were told by the dominant party of the country
that no free State should be admitted into the
Union, would you not consider that determina-
tion a casus belli? Would yoa not spurn with
contempt every attempt to keep you in a confed-
eracy where you were spit upon as unworthy of
being treated as equals?
Mr. DUNN, (in his seat.) No.
Mr. STEVENSON. One gentleman answers
no. Then, sir, the people of the free States have
not the spirit that 1 gave them credit for.
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman will allow me
for a moment, for fear my remark might be mis-
understood, I desire to explain that my answer
"no" was to the question I understood the gen-
tleman to ask, whether the Republican party
would refuse admission into tho Union to a slave
State? I am a Republican, and I have pledged
myself to my people, upon all occasions, that it
would not be a sufficient objection to my mind
for voting against the admission of a State, that
its constitution was pro-slavery. The Republi-
can paity, in its platform adopted at Chicago,
recognizes the right of each State to regulate its
own domestic matters for itself.
Mr. STEVENSON. There can be no slave
States that will ever knock at the Federal door
for admission into its covenant, if the Territories
are to remain perpetually free while they remain
in their territorial condition, and such is the Chi-
cago platform, on which my friend stands.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky permit me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the question in
reference to the Territories to be simply this: the
Territory of New Mexico is, under the compro-
mise measures of 1850,entitled to admission into
the Union with or without slavery. I understand
that the? four additional States to be carved out of
Texas are to come into the Union with or without
slavery, as they may elect; so that, so far as those
questions aie concerned, no party looks to the
ultimate exclusion of any State which is likely to
desire slavery. Now, with the consent of the
gentleman from Kentucky, I desire to ask him if
Kentucky will accept the proposition that there
shall be 110 future acquisition of Territory except
by an' amendment to the Constitution and a two
thirds vote of Congress? That is the bone of con-
tention between u? .
Mr. STEVENSON. I will answer my friend,
with all frankness, that Kentucky will speak for
herself whenever that question comes up. 1 have
no doubt that Kentucky would take a fair divis-
ion under this line, making all north of it free
and all south of it slave territory, until it shall
come in as a State, and then to admit it with or
without slavery, as the people may determine.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me. I would give way to him with great
pleasure if I had the time. The inexorable hour
rule forbids it. 1 have not time to discuss several
of the topics that demand my time.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman
from Kentucky to permit me to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a question. I ask him if he will
take the Crittenden plan with that amendment?
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois, in all frankness, that I will not take
anything that by law establishes slavery in any
part of the territory of the United States; but I
am willing to establish the line, and allow the
people south of it to have slavery or not, as they
please.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker,! appeal to
gentlemen to rise above their party platforms.
Let us leap over all party prejudice, and put this
matter beyond the power of extremists—if there
be any who hate this Union as originally framed
—in cither section of our country, to disturb our
peace, or rend the confederate links of the model
Republic of Christendom. I implore and beseech,
in the name of a common humanity, that the Re-
publican party will desist from their unholy war-
fare against the intrenchments of civil liberty,
erected by their fathers and ours, for the peace
and happiness of a common posterity. Take
warning from history. Let not a fanaticism upon
the subject of negroslavery deludeyou into depths
of destruction from which there is no cscape.
Listen to the eloquent warning ofGcorge Canning,
in the British Parliament, on the emancipation1 of
Jamaica, when he was sustaining reason and right
against folly and fanaticism. That distinguished
statesman said:
" In dealing with the negro, sir, we must remember that
we are dealing with a being possessing the form and
strength of a man, but the intellect wily of a child. To
turn him loose in the manhood of his physical strength, in
the maturity of his phy>ieal passions, but in the Infancy of
his umn-tructed reason, would be to raise up a creature
resembling the splendid fiction of romance j the hero of
which can sketch a human form, with all the corpoieal
capabilities of a man, and with the thews and sinews of a
giant; but beinsrunahle to impait to the work of his hand?
a peieeption of right and wrong, he finds too late that lie has
only created a more thai* moital power of doing mischief,
and himself iccoils fiom the monster he has made, and he
become* the victim of hi&oivucreation."
So we say to you to-day, in the hour of our
national need—in this day of thirst for that broad
and catholic statesmanship, that shall look to the
Federal Government as the agent of equal, sov-
ereign States, and construe the Constitution and
administer the Government in a spirit of exact
justice to all sections with their separate institu-
tions, and with especial favor to none: pause ere
the cords which were woven by our fathers, are
foreverunloosed. Admit South Carolina to have
been rash, precipitate, and imprudent; all this
cannot enlarge your powers under the Constitu-
tion. No violence 011 the part of one or more
States can upturn the foundation stones of the
Government and supply the place of popular
affection with bristling bayonets. Kentucky still
hopes that the cup of conciliation is not yet drained
to its dregs. She looks to the confederate Union
of these States in the bonds of a Constitution*
faithfully executed, as bearing to one another the
relation of the limbs and senses to the human
body. As each oigan is healthy and free in its
organic sphere, so will the perfect maturity of the
whole be developed. Maim or destroy one, and
to that extent you impair the whole. Far better,
however, lop off one or more which become gan-
grenous, than permit the whole to perish.
Republicans, you must meet us 211 the spirit of
peace, or our relations are forever changed. Do
not deceive yourselfin regard to the border States.
They can take nothing which ignores their equal-
ity, or fails to secure justice and pcace. Ihey
should take nothing that would not allow them to
become mediators 111 bringing back the seceding
States. Will you allow the ark of our past politi-
cal safety to be shipwrecked on the shoals of a
wild fanaticism? You have to determine it. My
humble career in this House will show that I have
been no sectionalism I have the honor to repre-
sent in part a Commonwealth who has proved her-
self faithful among the faithless. Upon the dark
and bloody ground she has won her title of equal
in this Union of States. She may well maintain
that equality in the Union or independence out of
it. When the Federal bayonets are turned against
her southern sisters, the Federal soldiers will never
peacefully cross her border. Do not be deceived.
The loyalty and prudence which marks her course
now, will only increase her wrath, when you de-
spise her proposals and mock at her entreaties.
May the sad hour never come when we shall cease
to be brothers, and cea.se to be friends! If it does,
remember that a common interest and common
lights with those attempted to be subdued will
make a common resistance inevitable. The threat-
ening braggarts, who have attempted by their
speeches to incite war, will find on that dark day
in the Kentucky people foemen worthy of their
steel. Everything for the cause—no thing to fanati-
cism and folly ! We can never sacrifice bur equal-
ity or rights. If you force us to resistance, yours
the responsibility, ours the defense. My loy-
alty is due to my adopted State. Where she leads,
it will be my pleasuie to follow. She will speak
as befits her, whenever you force her to decide
between two confederacies. Meet us where you
