1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
the Committee on Naval Affairs candidly admits
authorizes nothing but a clay turnpike—is sev-
enty-five miles.
•The other route, granted by Costa Rica, from
Golfita to the Atlantic ocean, is between ninety
and one hundred miles in length, selecting almost
the widest part of the Isthmus of Panama. The
two oceans are divided at these points by a chain
of mountams callrd the Cordilleras; the lowest
elevation of which is four thousand two hundred
and seventyfeet, and the highest about nine thou-
sand feet. The engineer says he looked down
from a height of eight thousand feet, and above
him, towering sublime, he had a spectacle of a
volcano, which went up, I do not know how high.
The country is uninhabited on the Atlantic side,
fifty miles cach way, except by a small village of
negroes. On the Pacific side, there are a few towns.
One of them the engineer gravely sets forth asof
considerable importance, for he says there are
eighty families in it. In other words, the whole
country is uninhabited; and the Government of
the province is offering to give awayall the lands
to any persons who will colonize them, without
asking anything for it.
The New Granadian grant is a grant to Ambrose
Thompson to improve an old provincial road
which had been opened fourteen years before that
grant, so as to make it passable with wheeled
vehicles from the Chiriqui lagoon to the city of
Dav id. When that road is opened, and is so cer-
tified by the Governor, then the grantee has the
right to transport and charge tolls upon it to all
except the Government of New Granada.
Now,sir,wluitwas thatprovincial road? About
twenty years ago, fourteen years from the date
of the grant, the Government of Chiriqui—a pro-
vince uninhabited except by a few Yankees who
went there to speculate—opened a road by blaz-
ing the trees from the town of David to the Chiriqui
lagoon. That is the road which was to be opened
and improved in a solid way, so as to make it pass-
able with wheeled vehicles. After that the right
was to attach, and not before.
Now, it is not pretended that the road is pass-
able for wheeled vehicles. Mr. Thompson him-
self, who is an ingenious man, admits that they
have cut it open wide enough for wheeled vehi-
cles for two or three leagues; but that they have
cut down the trees for the rgst of the distance,
so that mules can pass from one point to the other,
and have got the certificate of Mr. Morel and
others that they have known it to be passed "even
with loaded beasts of burden." Now, myfncnd,
who has argued so eloquently on the value of com-
merce over mountains eight thousand feet high,
has not told us how it is that any right attaches,
which was nut to attach till after the certificate of
the Governor. There is no such certificate among
these papers. He has not examined it; but there
is a certificate by the alcalde.
Mr. MORSE. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will do me the justice to say that I set no
value on this road, except in regard to the coal
grounds.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Maine is candid in that. He does
not rely on it as a railroad. Other gentleman
have made that the chief burden of their song; and
otic ingenious gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sickles] went so far as to say that the right to im-
prove a road so as to make it passable for wheeled
vehicles, meant a railroad; and he asks the House
to believe it. There is as much nonsense in that
as in the rest. But, sir, I say that up to this
day there never has a wheeled vehicle of any kind
passed between the lagoon of Chiriqui and the
Pacific ocean. But they have certificates that
are before us, by which any gentleman can ascer-
tain, by looking into these reports—one, two,
three, and four certificates of most respectable
gentlemen—that the road has actually been passed
from sea to sea, with loaded beasts of burden. And
that is the grant they proposo to convey to us.
Mr. Chairman, I am now supposing this grant to
be valid with Mr. Thompson! But, sir, it is ad-
mitted that no road has ever been approved over
that route;it is admitted that no railroad has been
begun; that there has not been done the fust work
in reference to it. Now, I ask what is the pres-
ent value of the privilege which this contract
grants us, to cross the Isthmus at that point? Re-
member, i am now speaking of the transit. _ What
is the value to the United States at this time, of
the grant for the purpose of transporting soldiers,
ammunition, and munitions of war, across the
Isthmus ? Why, sir, the attempt of Bonaparte to
cross the Alps was mere child's play in compar-
ison with the attempt to cross these South Amer-
ican mountains with soldiers and munitions of
war. If, then, you grant the right of Thompson,
which he proposes now to cede, it confers no pres-
ent value to the Government in respect to the
transportation of munitions of war in return for
the $300,000 which this bill appropriates. It is, in
fact, the right to travel a road that is inaccessible
to anything but goats—or mules, which is about
the same thing. [Laughter.]
Now, suppose we had the title perfected: the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Morse] was candid
enough to admit that it would be of no present
value to the Government. But, sir, what we are
buying is the present value. We are not buying
the road at what it will be when it is finished—
which, permit me to say, will, in my judgment,
be not many days before the rendering up of our
final accounts. [Laughter.] We arc now pay-
ing this money, and we have not the assurance
of a single dollar that it will ever be finished.
Why, sir, if it is ever finished, it must be at the
expense of millions of dollars; and Mr. Thomp-
son is not the shrewd man I take him to be—and
I know him well; I know him to be a most adroit
man; just the man to get up this kind of a spec-
ulation; but I say he would lose his character for
sagacity and his character for truth, if, after get-
ting hold of this §300,000, he ever felt called upon
to spend a dollar there. [Laughter.] I say, I
know the man well enough, and his sagacity well
enough, to be perfectly sure that such a thing will
never take place under God's heaven. If he once
gets hold of this $300,000, after paying off his
assistants in getting it through tliis House, he
will put the balance in his pocket, and be a rich
man. But here are gentlemen in this House ask-
ing us to vote for such a measure as this. I do
not know what is operating upon them; I know
they are honest. [Laughter.] 1 know they are
capable; but 1 know they are terribly deluded in
some way.
But there is another view of this matter to which
I wish to call the attention of this House. I have
been presenting the matter as if Ambrose W.
Thompson had the title which he proposes to grant.
But I will say that he has not any title to it; not
a particle. By the New Granadian grant, which
is to be found m this report of the gentleman from
Maine, on page 14, let us see at what period this
grant is to be vested in Mr. Thompson. It is
stipulated in article three, that, so soon as the im-
provement of the whole road shall be concluded
according to the teims stipulated m the ordinance
—that is, to make a good passable road for the
transit of wheeled vehicles—Mr. Thompson, or
his representative, shall so inform the Governor
of the province, so that lie himself, or by a com-
mission appointed for the purpose, may, in com-
pany with Mr. Thompson, or his representative,
proceed to inspect the work, and judge whether
or not the conditions of the contract have been ful-
filled by the grantee, anu m the affirmative case
to declare him in full exercise of all the 1 ights and
prerogatives acquired under this privilege.
Now, sir, there has never been such a com-
mission. It is not pretended or set forih in any
of these documents, that the. Governor has in
any way certified that he has examined the work.
There are certain certificates that the road has
been opened to a certain extent, and these certifi-
cates come from very respectable persons. They
say that the road has been opened to a certain
extent, so as to be crossed even by beasts of bur-
den; that is repeated three times in these certifi-
cates. One certificate is from a Yankee by the
name of James Agnew, to whom, some time ago,
the grant was made; but not having the right
name exactly to give certificates likely to be avail-
able for southern grants such as that, his name
has been metamorphosed into Senor Santiago
Agnew. [Much laughter.] In other words, it is
now St. James Agnew. 'This is one of the per-
sons whose certificate is depended on to establish
the case sought to be made out before this House.
But, sir, the whole thing is as bold a thing as was
over gotten up by honest men. [Great laughter.]
But, sir, even with the certificate of my Yankee
friend, who, by the way, did not certify that there
is a passable road for wheeled vehicles, there is
no evidence that any certificate has been given by
the Government of the province. We have also
the certificate of Mr. Morel, \thdj as we are in-
formed, was the first to denounce the road, and
therefore to acquire a title to it; and I think we
shall continue to denounce the road as a very
great swindle.
Well, sir, it is said there are coal mines there;
that coal has actually been taken, and that it ex-
ists there in inexhaustible quantities. Why, shy
if coal actually existed there so that it could be
excavated and sold for.fifty cents a ton cheaper
than that brought from Virginia, from Pennsyl-
vania, and from Liverpool, do you suppose it
would not have been opened by this enterprising
Yankee? The whole story is too incredible to
believe. I believe that Dr. Evans was sold by
these men, who induced him to really believe it
existed there. Why, sir, if coal existed there in
accessible localities, do you suppose the whole
Yankee nation, with the exorbitantpricespaid for
coal in that region, would have allowed the mines
to remain unopened to this time? No, sir; two
thirds of the people of Maine would have been
there long ago. [Laughter.] But gentlemen say
that that question has been decided; that Dr.
Evans, the geologist, has made an examination,
and said there was coal there. Well, sir, I have
nothing to say against Dr. Evans. I have read
with great admiration his book on the dirts in
Oregon, which he has been getting up for years
at a very great expense to the Government, and
which is not of a particle of value to any human
being. [Laughter.] He says they gathered a
bairel of the coal and took it to Norfolk, where
it has been analyzed. Well, sir,about thirty years
ago—of course before my time—there was a great
excitement in a certain locality in Pennsylvania,
where coal mines were said to exist. Some gen-
tlemen went up and made an examination in sev-
eral places and found a plenty of coal. They tried
it at the blacksmith's, they had it analyzed, and
ascertained that it contained a proper quantity of
oil, and the man soldhisland forafabulousprice;
but afterwards it turned out that the man had been
engaged for three weeks in carting coal to the lo-
cality, and that there were no coal mines there.
Well, sir, Mr. Morel, the gentleman who de-
nounced this property, it seems took the geologist
to the very spot where the coal was to be found,
helped him get out some of it and put it into a
barrel, and upon that statement we are asked to
believe that there is an inexhaustible quantity in
that region.
Mr. MORSE. I desire to say a single word in
justice to Dr. Evans, whose character the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania calls in question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, no,
sir; not at all. His character is as good as any
geologist's. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORSE. The coal which Dr. Evans took
was blasted from the rock. He saw it done.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If there be
coal there, rest assured that it will be mined and
prepared for sale whenever it is profitable to do
so; and when it can be procured at rates lower
than the present ones in that region, I have no
doubt we can purchase it, as well as all others,
without any necessity for the payment of the sum
of $300,000.
And Mr. Morel has conferred another valuable
grant to this company; and that is, the construc-
tion of a canal over the intervening mountains, if
over any such thing can possibly be accomplished.
But suppose the title of the company were good,
and there was a perfect utility in it.
Mr. IRVINE. Do the reports show any obli-
gation on the part of the Government of New
Granada or Costa Rica, or of the Chiriqui com-
pany, to nunc the coal to supply our Government
at the coal stations mentioned m Thompson's con-
tract with the Secretary of the Navy upon any
terms ^
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is
no obligation on the part of anybody to mine it.
If they mine it, I believe we are to pay the com-
pany ten per cent, in addition to their expenses.
Suppose the title is peifect: let us see whether
we can possibly buy it. You will observe that
Mr. Thompson enters into a long preamble in his
contract with the Secretary of the Navy. Is not
this the same man Thompson who was engaged
in the live-oak contracts under this same Secretary
of the Navy? Mr. Thompson grants to us full
