1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
and take the responsibility of voting for it. Now,
sir, I belong to no such class. I approve of this
amendment winch has been passedby the Senate.
I approved of it, as a member of the Naval Com-
mittee, last year, upon a full examination of the
facts, i appiove of it now, upon a reexamination
of the old and the new facts combined.
What are the objections urged to it ? My friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] starts out, in
the first place, with the sweeping assertion that, so
far as the Granadian grant is concerned, there is
nothing in it, and that these parties derive no title
under it. Why, Mr. Chairman, that is an assertion
ofamostextravagantcharacter. Therecordshows
conclusively that the Granadian Government de-
liberately made this grant, thatthe Granadian min-
ister has certified to the right of the Provincial
Legislature of Chiriqui to make it, and that it was
made in absolute conformity with the laws of
New Granada. That is on record, and it settles
that question. But the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania insists, moreover, that, even if that grant
be good, it was a grant conditioned on the prior
opening of a certain road which is described in
it, and that that road has never been opened ex-
cept for the passage of mules. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, the record before the gentleman, which he
ccrtainly must have read, if he examined the
papers at all, shows him, by the affidavits of the
very parties most competent to make these affida-
vits in New Granada and Chiriqui, that, so far
as the requirement of the grant is concerned be-
tween New Granada and these parties, that road
is sufficiently open to make the grant attach to
this company.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not go into further
discussion ofthatnow; because itso happens that,
since the last session of Congress, these parties
have received a grant from the province of Costa
Rica, and that grant obviates the necessity of in-
quiring how far the New Granadian grant covers
the right to build a railroad, because the Costa
Rica grant gives the right specifically to construct
a railroad.
But, says the gentleman, even if the right has
attached, it would be impossible to build a road.
Well, sir, I know gentlemen will differ wiien they
come tu estimate the difficulties to'be oveicome on
railroad routes. Why, in his argument, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has found out that it
is just as easy to state elevations at forty thou-
sand feet as at four thousand feet. When gentle-
men speculate loosely and vaguely about the facts
in a case, it is very natural that they should come
to the conclusion that it is impossible to run a
railroad track over imaginary and impossible
routes.
But, Mr. Chairman, we have a right, as sensi-
ble men legislating upon an important question,
to recur with some sort of icliance to the inform-
ation furnished us by our own Government offi-
cers. Now, 1 do not know who Mr. St. Clan-
Morton may be, except that he is a topograph-
ical engineer in the service of the United States. I
know also that he is well thought of by the Depart-
ment, for ability as an engineer; because he has
recently been promoted to be the engineer of the
water-works in this District; and the Government
of the United States placed him in charge of this
most important woik in Chiriqui, during the vaca-
tion. I therefore think it is fair to esteem him to
be a competent engineer; and after having sur-
veyed this route, he comes back and reports to
this Government that that country is perfectly
practicable for a railroad; a report which is in every
particular against the sweeping assertions of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. In that opinion
the chief engineer is sustained by the testimony
of the second assistantengineer under him, who,
I understand, is a gentleman of high attainments
in his profession. These two gentlemen concur
in saying in this report that that country is sus-
ceptible of having a railroad cross it with success.
Well, now, sir, I donotthink thatgenthmcn,with
any justice to themselves, or to a matter of legisla-
tion before them, can throw aside the testimony
accumulated for them by their own Government,
and the testimony of competent professional men,
and allow themselves to be swayed and controlled
by the assertions of individual members.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have not time to go into an ex-
amination and analysis of what these engineers
say. I have a right to assume that gentlemen
upon this floor have read this report; but I am
very much afraid that they have not done so, for
it does seem to me that no little ignorance has been
exhibited as to the facts in this case in the discus-
sion which has already occurred upon this floor.
Now, this engineersays,on page26 of his report:
uTo sum up the above remarks on the Pacific slopp, itmay
be safely assumed that it is poifectiy practicable to connect
the pass with the terminus at Goifito by an ordinary track
which will admit of being worked with advantage by en-
gines and rolling stock generally of such patterns as are at
present in u&e."
And, then, as for the track upon the other side,
he says:
" I should, therefore, consider it within the limits of prac-
ticability to ascend from the Cuiebra forks to the summit
by the ordinaiy railroad system; but for many reasons
would prelci to make u-se of one winch would adapt itself
with more pliancy to the peculiaiities of that region."
I desire to call the attention of the committee to
the fact that the estimates in this report are all
surface estimates, that they are susceptible of
being diminished from ten to fifty per cent., and
are only estimates with reference to temporary
and conditional transit in anticipation of the mak-
ing of tunnels there. Gentlemen who have hap-
pened to passover the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
before the excavation of the present tunnels—one
of the greatest triumphs of engineering art in the
country—and witnessed the system there availed
to overcome elevations, must have been struck
with the startling assertions of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Everything is possible to modern
engineering, and I am content to take the testi-
mony of these two gentlemen, who are experts,
in preference to the assertions of my fellow-mem-
bers upon this floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before my friend fromMary-
land leaves that part of the Ccise, I desnre to in-
form him that I shall read, in reply, a letter from
one of the assistant engineers, pronouncing it
utterly impracticable to construct that railroad.
Mr. SICKLES. Let me state, in reference to
that suggestion, that that letter proceeds from an
officer who deserted his duty, who failed to com-
ply with the instructions given to him, and who
was dismissed fiom the service. And, in answer
to that letter, I shall read a letter from the com-
mander of the expedition, commenting upon his
conduct.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know the witness.
All I desired was to give notice to gentlemen, so
as not to take them by surprise, that I have a let-
ter from one of the engineers who made the sur-
vey, who reports the route to be utterly imprac-
ticable; and the facts he gives show that it is so.
Mr. SICKLES. It would appear that that
engineer did not make the survey.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I understand
that the letter to which the gentleman from Ohio
refers is from Mr. Wilson. The only informa-
tion I have in reference to him is what I derive from
| this report, m which the chief engineer charged
| with this work reports Wilson as having been
' negligent and incompetent in the discharge of his
' duties; that Wilson was sent out to make an ex-
| ploration, lost himself in some extinct volcano in
the mountains, and returned to the point of depart*
I ure, and remained there for six weeks doing noth-
ing, instead of attending to the practical business
of the expedition. Now, if that be the gentle-
man's witness, I shall read, as against his testi-
mony, the testimony of the engineer in charge and
his second assistant engineer, who show that the
road is entirely practicable; and I think my two :
witnesses will override the gentleman's witness.
if the gentleman wants to read that letter I will
listen to it now
Mr. SHERMAN. I will send it to the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest that the gentleman i
wait till I send for the oth -r letter from the engi- |
neer who completed the survey which this one ,
abandoned. !
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state still further, that ;
the character and capacity of the engineer is cer- ,
i tified to by a gentleman of the highest character j
] in Pennsylvania. 1
j Mr. SICKLES. Well, wait till I get the offi- j
I cial reply of the person who made the survey j
! which this man pretended to make,
j Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If my friend j
I from Ohio [A'Ir. Sherman1] has to back upthere-
j sponsibihty of his correspondent, I prefer not to j
| entertain it; because the Government of the United i
I States sustains the witnesses whom I put on the \
stand. At all events, let the communications come
together.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. HARRIS,ofMaryland. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, that develops one of the peculiar features
of attack on this project before the House. Since
I have been in Congress, I have never known a
project that has had so many side-bar attacks
made upon it as this particular Chiriqui amend-
ment. Where it comes from I do not know. But
it seems to me that the force of the assault made
upon it is outside of the record which is before
the House. *
Well, I say, on the testimony of these officers
of the Government, that the railroad is practicable.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] insists that even if it were piacticable, these
parties could not carry out the conditions and
rights which they propose to give to the United
States in connection with it. In the first place,
he says that, if practicable, it will never be built.
Now that does not seem tome to bean argument
of force. Another gentleman, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] says that if we give these
parties the $300,000, non constat that they would
not put the money in their pockets, and never do
anything towards the construction of the road. I
do not suppose that it ever entered into the im-
agination of any one that $300,000 is going to do
anything towards the building of this railroad.
That will take millions. Rut does it not occur to
gentlemen, in the first place, that it was not to be
assumed that this Government was a Government
of fools, dealing with absolute knaves in a trans-
action of this sort? Did it not occur to him, more-
over, that the amendment submitted by the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Morse] is an amendment
which provides that these knaves—so assumed
to be—are not to receive the first dollar of this
<$300,000 till the Government of the United States
is assured that they are able to carry out all the
provisions and conditions of their contract? That
Government will be headed by Mr. Lincoln. His
administration will be made up of gentlemen in
the confidence of that wing of the House. And
I put it to gentlemen now, whether, as not a sin-
gle dollar is to be paid to these parties, even if
they are disposed to be rascally, till the Govern-
ment is satisfied that they can in every particular
perform their obligations and promises to the
United States, they are running such a terrible
risk ?
More than that, Mr. Chairman. The gentleman
argues that, even if this railroad were built, these
parties could not authorize the Government of the
United States to carry troops and munitions of war
across it. Well, of course they cannot; but they
can authorize the United States to do two other
valuable things, which I suppose would be alone
a sufficient consideration for the purchase-money.
One of these is, the transmission of mails free of
charge. That they can do; because the existing
treaty between New Granada and the United
States grants to the Government of the United
States thatthe right of transit across the Isthmus
of Panama on any roads of communication then
existing, or that might thereafter be constructed,
shall be forever fiee to the Government of the Uni-
ted States and the citizens thereof. The trftaty
then goes on to specify what things may pass over,
and mails among them.
Now it is true that the fourteenth section of the
agreement between Costa Rica and these grantees
says that they shall not transport arms and mu-
nitions of war across the road. The Government
of Costa Rica retains that power to itself. Did
gentlemen who are legislating here, themselves as
aeooidmate branch of this great Government,
suppose that the Republic of Costa Rica was
going to bargain away to a more railroad company
a right that is inherent to her sovereignty, which
involves her position and her responsibilities as a
neutral Power? She would not concede it to this
company; but,, under the law of nations, the Uni-
ted States would have a right to transport arms
and munitions of war on that road, unless they were
transporting them in aid of some Government
with which Costa Rica was at war. Then they
would become contraband; and as contraband
only, they are prohibited by the fourteenth section
of the contract.
Mr. Chairman* 1 cannot dwell on this. The
attention of the committee was called to the matter
of coal at the last session of Congress, when it
