1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
U9
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union-—Mr. Hughes.
Ho. OF RBPS.
formation of our present Constitution, two great
names have, until recently, divided the country
between them with varying success, differing pri-
marily as to the powers conferred on the General
Government by that instrument, and secondarily
as to the foreign and domestic policy which it
ought to pursue—the one almost necessarily in-
volving the other. On such questions they dif-
fered widely, but in other matters they were per-
fectly agreed. They were equally national, equally
devoted to the preservation of the Union, and
alike anxious to secure its prosperity and to pre-
serve its honor unsullied. The judicious of both
parties felt that the questions at issue were of
public policy alone, not touching the integrity of
our institutions, and that with either in power the
Union and the Constitution at least were safe.
We have had fifteen Presidents, seven of whom
were from the North; or,excepting Washington,
who emphatically belonged to the whole country,
they have been equally divided between the free
and slaveholdmg States. And yet who overheard
a threat of disunion because a Chief Magistrate
was selected from a particular portion of the Con-
federacy? Heretofore, the election of a President
has never been considered as a sectional victory
or defeat. States have been politically divided,
and sometimes the candidate of one section has
owed his elevation to power to the votes of an-
other section. In the good old Whig and Demo-
cratic times, when a man's politics were not to
be ascertained by astronomical observations, by
parallels of latitude or meridians of longitude,
northern and southern States were found acting
together—New York with South Carolina, Penn-
sylvania with Viiffinia, Massachusetts with Lou-
isiana, Illinois with Georgia, and New Hamp-
shire with Alabama; but now, alas! section is
arrayed against section; and, for the first time in
our histoiy, a President has been elected by a
strictly geographical vote, on a strictly sectional
issue. What could the Republicans believe, what
did they expert, would result from such a policy?
No, sir, it is not true, that the election of the
individual Abraham Lincoln has created this ex-
citement in the South, and has driven six States
into revolution, to be followed soon by others;
but it was the election of the representative man,
Mr. Lincoln, representing principles hostile to
the rights, the honor,and the interestof the slave-
holdmg States. It is, I believe, generally claimed
by his friends that he is the author of the theory of
" the irrepressible conflict," and that his thunder
was stolen by another aspirant for presidential
honors. It is a subject scarcely worth quarrel-
ing about; for a theory more unsound, unphilo-
sophical,and unstatesmanlike, has seldom been
advocated in modern tunes; it is, moreover,utterly
untrue. - The proposition of Air. Lincoln is, as I
understand it, that this Government cannot re-
main permanently part free and part slave; that
it must become entirely free or absolutely slave.
Dors Mr. Lincoln contemplate itasa possibility,
that slavery is to extend from the South north-
wardly ?
Our Government has existed some seventy-
four years. Within that period, what progress
has slavery made in that direction ? Has it gone
north, or has it retreated south ? I assume that,
by this proposition, it is simply meant that the
whole country must soon become free; and, taken
in connection with his expression, that lie "hates
slavery as much as any Abolitionist," we can be
at no loss to understand his intentions.
In my judgment, so far from there being an
"irrepressible conflict" between free and slave
labor, it is precisely the reverse: and the one is the
complement of the other. Is it not the free labor
of the Northwest that supplies the deficiencies of
the South, and mainly those of Cuba and Brazil,
jn breadstuff's and provisions; the free labor of
Pennsylvania that furnishes iron for the raihoads
and other purposes of the South; and the free,
hardy mariners of New England, who convey
the great southern staple to market; and the free
mechanics and operatives of the same region,
who produce the various fabrics in leather, and
wool,and cotton, and manufacture the machinery
and agricultural implements used so extensively
at the South? And is it not the slave labor that
grows in the fertile fields of the South $250,000,000
annually of agricultural productions, that in a
great degree regulates our foreign and domestic
exchanges, pays for our importations, gives em-
ployment to our ships and factories, and, to no
small extent, meets the annual drain upon us for
foreign loans contracted for the construction of
works of internal improvement? No, sir; there
is no conflict, Kt irrepressible" or otherwise, be-
tween slave and free labor, except that which is
created bymischief-makingpoliticians. The truth
is, the greater the prosperity of one portion of the
country, the better it is for all; and you cannot
cripple the productive industry and commercial
enterprise of any one section, without inflicting
injury on the whole Republic.
I have spoken of Mr. Lincoln as the represent-
ative man of the Republican party, and his friends
will not object to that designation. I am aware
that there arc able, patriotic, and conservative
men who supported him, and who repudiate many
of the principles of the Chicago platform, and
believe that he will rise above them. But of the
vast numbers of those who voted for him, how
few there are who do not indorse his own pecu-
liar views, and who would have given him their
support if they had doubted his honest devotion
to the ultra opinions of the party that placed him
in nomination* Sir, disguise the matter as you
may, the South regards, and I think justly, the
election of Mr. Lincoln, with his well understood
principles, and the antecedents of those who se-
lected him as their candidate, as a declaration of
hostility pronounced against them through the
ballot-box by a large majority of the northern
people. The great leader of that party has well
said:
" Candidates may, and generally do, mean to net justly,
widely, and patriotically when they shall bo clected; but
they becomo the ministers* and servants, not the dictator*,
of the power which elected them."
Much stress has been laid on the fact that Mr.
Lincoln was elected according to the forms of the
Constitution. No one denies that; but he must
needs be an unobservant reader of history who
does not remember that Governments have been
perverted or subverted, whilst the forms of their
Constitutions have been preserved. When Augus-
tus changed the simple military title of imperator
into that of a sovereign prince there continued to
be a senate, consuls, and tribunes of the people;
and the ensigns still bore the inscription of the
better days of the Republic, iiScnatus populusque
Romani
To understand the principles of a party, we
mustnotonly look to its platform, but to the co-
tcmporaneous expositions of them by its found-
ers and prominent leaders.
The Whig party, in 1848, although successful
in the cnsuingelection, promulgated no platform;
and this example was followed, but not with the
same result, by the Union party, in 1860. Will
it, therefore, be said that they had no political
principles? In the same speech of Mr. Seward,
from which I have already quoted, it is asserted
that' i a party is, in one sense, a joint stock asso-
ciation, in which those who contribute most di-
rect the action and managementof the concern!"
Surely, none have contributed more to the triumph
of the Republican party than Mr. Seward him-
self, and Greeley, Sumner, Wendell Phillips, Gar-
rison, Fred Douglas, and others of the same Abo-
lition school. Who, then, have a better right
than they to expound its principles, and to direct
its policy ?
The distinguished Senator from New York, on
whose shoulders rests a fearful responsibility,
and who, in his love of notoriety, emulates "the
ambitious youth who fired the Ephesian dome,"
tells a public meeting in Cleveland," slavery must
be abolished; and you and I can and must do it."
Now, sir, i understand this to be the distinct as-
sertion of a right on the part of the speaker and
his audience to interfere with slavery in the south-
ern Suites. If not, it is meaningless. I am
aware that Mr. Seward subsequently explains
that he does not contemplate the accomplishment
of that object by force or by unconstitutional
measures. Rut I fancy that the meeting must
have been sorely puzzled to know how they were
to assist the Senator in his crusade, if they had
no right to interfere in the premises. After ap-
pealing to their prejudices, after inflaming their
passions against the South, he says to them, in
substance, but, my gentle friends, do no violence /
And so, Mark Antony, when he had stirred up
the citizens of Rome "to a sudden flood of muti-
ny;" when he had excited them to deeds of burn?
ing, of plunder, and of murder, exclaims, wijtix
well feigned astonishment,
" Why, friends, you go to do you know not what!"
And when they quitted him, threateningwith
brands to fire the traitor's houses," soliloquizes,
as might have done the Senatorfrom New York,
when alone—
" Now let it work: Mischief, thou art afoot,
Take thou what course thou wilt!"
But, look at the Chicago platform, moderate,
as in some respects it is; and it seems to me that
no candid man can read its second article without
coming to the conclusion that it was intended as
a direct appeal to the Abolitionists for support;
and we all know that it produced that effect.
Mr. Speaker, these are not the times for "com-
mon places and glittering generalities." It is no
time for the political trumpet to give an uncertain
sound. It is no time to trifle with the credulity
of the people. It is all very well to protest " de-
votion to the Constitution, to the Union, and to
the enforcement of the laws." Why, sir, all par-
ties have united in these protestations, except the
Abolitionists of the Garrison school, who pro-
nounce " the Union to be a compact with hell and
a league with the Devil." Why, sir, the hosts of
the Republican party join in the chorus of halle-
lujahs to the Constitution and the Union, and tell
us that they claim nothing but what the Constitu-
tion grants, as they understand it; and that they are
so devoted to the Union that it must be maintained,
ifneedsbe,by/orce. And yet ,what do they propose
to do when they come into power? I gather from '
the teachings of their pulpits and presses, from
the lecturesof theirorators, and from the speeches
on the floors of Congress, and before the people
during the recent presidential canvass, that the
Republican party is pledged, so far as it may pos-
sess the power, to carry out the following line of
policy, which is, as I understand it, the accepted
policy of the great mass of that political organi-
zation; to prohibit slavery in the Territories, not-
withstanding the decision of the Supreme Court
that Congress possesses no such power. On this
subject, Mr. Lincoln admits that " the courts have
substantially said it is your constitutional right
to take slaves into the Federal Territories, and
hold them as propertyand yet he, the Presi-
dent elect, repudiates that decision as binding on
Congress or the Executive, and hopes it will be
reversed on more mature consideration, or by a
reorganized court. He says, and it is creditable
to his candor, that he waives the lawyer's dis-
tinction between dictum and decision.
Sir, the couit decided nothing that was not
properly before it in the case of Dred Scott. Who-
ever will carefully and fairly read the opinions of
the court in that case, cannot fail to discoverthat
the main, the elaborate arguments of the court,
were directed, not to the mere question of their
jurisdiction over the case, (which was summa-
rily disposed of,) but to the other and more im-
portant issues which were brought before it, and
argued by the learned and distinguished counsel
engaged in the trial. It is obvious, at least to my
mind, that the court undertook to decide no points
of law not properly before it; and that in its
opinion, pronounced by the Chief Justice, there
can be found no obiter dicta. Hut let us suppose,
for the sake of argument—and I grant it only for
that purpose—that you may find obiter dicta, mits
decisions, it is at least the opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States; and he must needs be
a bold man and a presumptuous one, who will un-
dertake to interpose his own legal opinions in op-
position to those of the venerable Chief Justice, a
man distinguished through a long life for his sim-
plicity of manners, purity of morals, high-toned
character as a gentleman, and legal attainments;
and whose intellectual faculties (although eighty-
four years have passed over his head) remain in
all theiroriginal power and vigor. Heaven grant
that this patriotic statesman and upright magis-
trate may be spared to us for many years!
Sir, had it been my fortune to be a lawyer, had
it been my lot in life to spend the greaterpcrtion
of it in trying cases befoie county euurts, 1 might
