134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
was up before the House. It was then objected
that there was no coal there; that it was all idle
nonsense; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] in order to maintain that theory,
now goes so far, in the face of the proof, as to im-
pute to Mr. Morell or Mr. Agnew the carting to
a particular place of certain loads of coal, and
depositing them, in order to carry out this gross
deception. Sir, it is hardly possible to look at the
testimony in the pages of this executive docu-
ment, and not see that not only is coal there, but
that it is there in almost exhaustless quantities. It
is there on the very borders of the bay, so that it
crops out. And it is stated by the geologist, and
shown by the analysis of Dr. Jackson, to be of
the best possible quality for the use of the Navy.
Certainly, that testimony out to outweigh the mere
assertions of gentlemen.
But I observe that my friend from New York
[Mr. Pottle] objected, the other day, that if there
was coal there, it was six miles from any point
where it could be got out by the vessels. ' In con-
nection with that 1 want to make two remarks.
One is 
Mr. POTTLE. Will the gentleman from
Maryland allow me to set him light? What I did
say was, that the coal lands were six miles from
the land proposed to bo conveyed to the Govern-
ment under this contract.
Mr, HAPv-RlS, of Maryland. Well, in point
of fact, I think my friend is mistaken, because
this testimony shows that while there is coal at
Changuinola river, six miles from the point where
we get this land, and while that river is naviga-
ble, and the coal therefore accessible, there are, in
the very lands to be conveyed to the United States,
places wheie the coal crops out on the very edge
of the bay, and from which it can be absolutely
put on boaid ships lying right under the bluff.
Mr. Chairman, the pages of this report demon-
strate that there is an immense quantity of coal
there. The coal has been brought homo, not in
cargoes for use, but m samples tor analysis. An
analysis has been made, and the good quality of
the coal has been fully and successfully estab-
lished. But gentlemen seem to overlook another
thing which the Government of the United States
gels by this transfer. We showed, in our report
to the House last session, that, by this arrange-
ment, the Government would save, in the cost of
coal, as compared with its present expenditure,
#330,000 a year.
\ desire, further, to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that instead of this $300,000 be-
ing an enormous outlay, the whole amount would
be saved by the Government in two years and
less, on the single item of coal, Indeed, almost
the wholoamount would be sav< d in thecomseof
the first yoar or two, in the cost of the store-ships
and .supply-ships which the Government now
has lying at Panama and Aspinwall. I desire the
committee to take into consideration this fact:
that the United States not only gets the coal it
may use, under this contract, at a cheaper rate,
but it also gets naval stations right upon the shore
of these bays upon the Atlantic and Pacific side.
Captain Engle testifies that these bays are the
most magnificent on the continent; that the waters
an: fathoms deep light up to the very land. The
engineer's report as to the timber states that upon
this tract of land ceded to the United States the
timber is most abundant, and of the best kind for
ship-building.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the Government of New
Granada had the right to cede to these parties these
ten thousand acres of land. These paities had
the right to cede these lands to the Government of
the United States. They propose to do so, m
expiess accoidar.ce, as gentlemen will find, with
one of the provisions of the New Granadian con-
stitution. They will find, upon page 13, that ,
the New Granadian Senate declares it is desir- :
able that the United States, and other Govern- !
nients, should come and locate them, and that they i
should have the rights which citizens under that i
Government enjoy. The United States, I say,
therefore, will not only derive an ultimate benefit
from tins appropriation of $300,000, but they will
save £:230,000 in a single year in the single item
of coal. They wifl save hugely m cstablishin"-
naval stations, and in obtaining timber for ship-
building. And naval stations alone will reduce
the expense of keeping store and supply-ships at
other points $900,000 per annum.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I discover that I have but
two or three minutes of my time left, and I desire
the attention of the committee to some points that
I shall recapitulate. I say that this executive doc-
ument substantiates the positions taken by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, in their report sub-
mitted the last session. I repeat, that the Legis-
lature of Chiriqui, in accordance with its con-
stitution and laws, had the right to cede to these
parties, or to any other parties, all the lands and
privileges contained in that particular grant. I
say that the grant is verified in the certificate of
the New Granadian Government itself, in the per-
son of its minister, behind which that Govern-
ment cannot go. I say these title-papers weie
submitted for the investigation of the law-officer
of this Government, and that the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States has indorsed the abso-
lute validity of this conveyance. I say that the
Government of Costa Rica has covered up any
doubt that might exist under the New Granadian
grant, as to the right or ability of these parties
to the transit from ocean to ocean by railroad. I
say that that Costa Rican grant has not been
impeached as to its validity. I say, further, that
even if there should be a doubt in the mind of any
gentleman as to the practicability of building
this railroad, they have the right to rely, with
some degree of assurance, upon the testimony of
these officers of the United States. But admit-
ting, for the sake of argument, that there is no
practicable route for a railroad: nevertheless,
without the railroad, the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States will receive back the §300,000 in less
than two years, in the coal advantages ceded to
it in the contiact; in the advantages of naval sta-
tions; in the advantages of ship-timber, and in
being able to dispense with store-ships and sup-
ply-ships at Aspinwall and Panama. But I say,
further, that while the report of your own officers
gives us a strong right to assume that these par-
ties can consti uet a lailroad from ocean to ocean,
because it is feasible, it is for their advantage so
to do, inasmuch as they are required to pay the
Government of Costa Rica $100,000, to remain as
a deposit until the road is built, and because their
whole enterprise, in which they have been labor-
ing for more than ten years, lies in the construc-
tion of that railroad.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I think it behooves us as
legislators to consider that the gist of this ques-
tion, so far as we are concerned, lies in the fact
that the transit proposed is a transit this country
ought to possess; that it is a road to our own im-
mense resources on the Pacific; another opening
to that great oriental trade which it has been the
ambition of the commercial enterprise of all ages
to grasp, and which has built up into greatness
and wealth and political donnnancy every nation
that has ever attained it. It was this trade that
made Spain rich and powerful; that elevated Por-
tugal into commercial significance; thatdcvcloped
Holland into a controlling Power; and that has
done more than anything else to solidify the
greatness of Great Britain. It has made nations
gieat as they have grasped it, and they have
lapsed into comparative insignificance as they
have lost it. It may be grasped by us by the
adoption of an enlarged and statesmanlike policy;
and I think our duty impels as to reach forward
to Us attainment by all possible means.
[Hoie the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Pottle.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am sorry I
have not had time to finish what I desired to say
in reply to the attacksgentlemen have made upon
this measure. [Cries ofGo on l"1']
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the debate had
better bo closed upon this subject. I call for a
vote upon the pending amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hold m my hand an amend-
ment which I desire to have read, for the purpose
of asking thegentleman fromNewYorkifhe will
not accept it.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order at this time.
Air. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have it read for the information of the committee.
Mr. SICKLES. I object.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Pottle to the amendment of Mr. Morse
to the amendment of the Senate,
Mr. BRIGGS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Briggsand
IIolman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 76, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Is an amendment to the
amendment now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by add-
ing as follows:
Provided, also, That the same be consistent with the con-
tract made by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. Chairman, as one of the Committee on
Naval Affairs last year, I devoted much time to
the examination of this question, and when this
appropriation was up in the House, I stated the
reasons which induced me to vote against it. In
other words, I thought as the case then stood we
were bound, from defects in the title,and defects
in the evidence, to annul the grant and to disap-
prove the contract of the Secretary. Instead,
however, of meeting this question and setting
aside this contract, as we might, leaving it open
for any future Secretary to renew it, if from addi-
tional evidence it should seem feasible, we chose
to take another course.. We provided for send-
ing out a commission, and appropriated money
for the payment of that commission, which was
to proceed to the point in controversy, examine
the character of the harbors, the situation and
value of the coal mines, the practicability of a
railway, and generally the value of the property.
At that time I suggested to the membeis of the
committee of conference who reported this amend-
ment that, if the Government put itself in this
condition; if their agents, appointed in pursuance
of our appropriations and direction, found that
the condition of things was as represented by the
contractors; that coal mines were there, in acces-
sible localities; that a railroad could be con-
structed, and that the harbors were fit and proper
for our vessels—there was an implied undertaking
on our part to perform the conditions of the con-
tract, so far as the Government was concerned;
for the reason that we delayed this contractor;
that we put him to expense in establishing his
titles; that we put him to various inconveniences
which we had no right to do. If it turned out,
upon our examination, as represented, we had no
right, as honest men, to say we will not comply
with this contract. I have examined the reports,
and I find upon the subject of coal they are very
satisfactory. They show that there are mines
there, practicable working mines; that the coal is
of good quality, and that that part of the contiact
is fully met by the contractor.
It shows also that the harbors are good harbors;
and despite the criticisms which have been passed
upon it in this House, I say that the report proves
that there is a practicable line of railway which
we have a right to use under the contract of last
year, and the subsequent addition to it. I say
this, sir—but I have not time to argue it now—be-
cause there is no connection between two points
that is desirable for commerce, no such place on
this globe of the length between these two har-
bors, which cannot be united under the skill of
modern engineering by a successful railway.
There are no national obstacles winch cannot be
overcome; and when, sir, we have seen the great
tubular bridge swung across the straits of Menai
by modern science, it should not be said at this
hour and in this presence that a railway between
these points is a thing that cannot be accomplished.
How, then, stands the case? Ifitwere a ques-
tion of a contract between two individuals, one
of whom had selected his own agent to proceed
to the spot, and examine as to the value of the
privilege that he bought, I say there is no court
of equity under heaven before which you could
not bring that man, and compel him to a specific
performance of a contract entered into under cir-
cumstances like these; because it would be a gross
injustice, it would be a gross fraud, to say, " We
have examined your property; we find it what
you represented it; we have put you to the ex-
pense of £100,000 in perfecting a title to a rail-
way which was the doubtful point with us last
year; but now we have no money to perform our
engagements." It is no less, sir, than a shame-
less repudiation on the part of Congress.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD,of Michigan. Mr. Chairman,
