1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
I am opposed to the amendment. This matter,
if I understand it, was submitted to us last year
on a conditional contract, to be approved or dis-
approved by us. We did neither the one nor the
other; but we sent out our agents for the express
purpose of proving or disproving the facts which
had been spread before us. I deny that we there-
by gave any assurances or put ourselves under
any obligations to approve this any more than we
were under before. We sent our agents there for
the purpose of learning how we should vote here
in this House at this time; and because we chose
to acquaint ourselves with regard to the facts, it
is now claimed that we are excluded from voting.
The proposition of the gentleman from NewYork
[Mr. Sedgwick] is monstrous. Wcscnt a com-
mission there, as I have stated, for the express
purpose of satisfying ourselves hero whether we
ought to accept or reject this contract. We paid
the expenses of this commission, and we did
nothing to imply that we were under an obliga-
tion to accept this contract. We did not do it
then and have not done it since, and we are as free
to vote to-day as when this humbug first showed
itself in Congress.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sedg-
wick's amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Without occupying the time
of the House with any discussion of this subject,
I move the following amendment to the amend-
naentofthegentlemanfrom Maine, [Mr. Morse.]
The Clerk read, as follows:
Add:
Provided further, That said sum of money shall not bo
paid until the Kepublicof Co'-ta Rica shall have confirmed
to rhe United States the rights of propeity and franchises
which the said Ambio>e W.Thompson and the Cbmqm
Improvement Company have, by their contract with the
Secietary of the Navy, conditionally transferied and pio
posed to seem e to the United Slates.
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana that Costa Rica has entered into no
convention with the United States; and I think that
his amendment is conceived in quite an erroneous
view of the contract between Costa Rica and
Mr. Meagher.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe, Mr. Chairman,
that I do not misapprehend the state of this con-
tract. Whatever contract may have hitherto been
entered into between the various persons under
whom Mr. Thompson and this Chinqui Com-
pany claim and the Republic of New Granada,
whatever may be the nature of these grants of
property and franchise which aie now proposed
to be conferred upon the United States, I deem
my amendment lmpoi tant, so that if Costa Rica,
within whose limits these franchises exist, con-
firms them, then there will be some foundation for
the ciaiin which these parties propose to transfer.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Morse's
amendment as amended; and it was rejected.
The Senate amendment was then non-gon-
curred in.
Fourth amendment of the Senate:
To enable the Superintendent of the Public Printing to
oairv into effect the piovi^ions of the joint resolution in
relation to the Public Printing, approved June 23, 1860,
$'1X>,000 . Provided, That no paitot thisapptopnation shall
be expended until the title to the pioperty purchased shall
have been examined and approved by the Attorney General
of the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for a division on that
amendment. It is for the purchase of Wendell's
printing establishment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say a few words in
explanation of the amendment. By a law of the
last session, the Secretary of the Interior, I be-
lieve, with the Superintendent of llio PubhcPrint-
ing, was authorized to buy a printing office, at a
price not to exceed ^150,000. The contract, when
made, was to be submitted to the Joint Commit-
tee on Printing of the Senate and the House of
Representatives. By the law the contract, when
made and approved by the Joint Committee on
Printing, was perfect and complete. As a matter
of course, the Committee of Ways and Means had
no control of the question. We had official in-
formation that the contract had been made for the
purchase of what is known as Wendell'sprinting
office, and that it had been approved, not only by
the Joint Committee on Printing, but by the Sec-
non-con
retary of the Interior, the Attorney General, and
the President of the United States. We were in-
formed that it had been approved by a unanimous
vote of the Joint Committee on Printing. There-
fore, sir, all we could do under the law, was sim-
ply to provide the money to carry it into effect.
I do not know whether this contract is right or
wrong. T do not know whether the amount is too
great or too little. Under the law of the last ses-
sion, the contract was perfected when the Joint
Committee on Printing of the two Houses ap-
proved it. The Committee of Ways and Means
would have been derelict to their duty if they had
not provided means for carrying the contract into
effect. That is all I have to say on the subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the contract an executed
contract ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is. There were no con-
ditions in the law except that the contract made
by the Superintendent of Public Printing should
be approved by the Joint Committee on Printing
of both Houses. The official information is, that
it was approved by that committee, that it was
approved by every member of the committee, of
the Senate and of this House; and besides that, it
was approved by the Attorney General and the
Secretary of the Interior. To obviate all trouble
about it, we have put in a proviso that the money
shall not be paid until the Attorney General shall
pass judgment upon the title of the property.
Mr. GURLEY. Mr. Chairman, by the joint res-
olution passed atthc lastsession of Congress, the
Superintendent of the Public Printing was author-
ized to contract for the crection or the purchase
of the necessary building and machinery and ma-
terials for a Government printing office. In the
performance of that duty he sought the advico
and counsel of the Secretary of the Interior; and
the following letter will show what were the con-
clusions at which they arrived:
Orr-ice of Superintendent of Public Printing,
Jartuaiy'JS, 1861.
Sin: In reply to your vet bal inquiry, I have to state that,
in the execution of the duties impo ed upon me by the joint
resolution of June 2'J, 1830, in relation to the p ibhc punt-
ing, I conferred, unofficially, with the Secretary of the In-
tenor, and had the benefit of his kindlv advice and as^ist-
ance thioughout. lie examined per>onal!v the printing
establishment of Mr. Rives, and that foimeily owned by
Mr. Wendell, with a view to their eligibility for Govern-
ment puiposes. He confened with Mf. Clark, at present
the consulting aiehitect of the Interior Department, under
whose superintendence Wendell's office was built, as to its
materials and construction ; and he had one ot his clerks,
«i practical puntci, foi poitions of scveial days, examining
the printing materials and machmeij, computing thein with
the schedule, and estimating their uilue in accordance with
the list ot prices. And the icsult of the Secretary'* exam-
ination and infotmatton was a full concunence m the pio-
puetv of purchasing Wendell's establishment at the price
agreed upon.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JOHN 1IKAUT, Superintendent.
Hon. John A. Gurley, Chairman Committee on Printing,
House of Iiejn cscntatives.
I hold in my hand the report of the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing, in which it is shown
that this office, for which we now agree to pay
$135,000, cost $185)000) some five years ago.
Here, in the report, is a full schedule of the arti-
cles purchased. There is no concealment upon
the subject. It is open to the eye of every one.
Any gentleman can take this schedule, walk into
the printing office, and with his own eyes verify
the statements made here.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would say that the rea-
son why I put the question to the gentleman's
colleague was, that I had heard it stated—I know
not how correctly—that the property had fre-
quently been offered to private parties for $80,000.
Mr. GURLEY. I am very glad to be able to
answer the gentleman upon that point. I inquired
specifically of those who hold a controlling in-
terest in this establishment, and they denied the
statement, and said the report was untrue. The
printing presses number twenty-six, and cost
$48,000. They are purchased for $36,000.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I want to ask the gen-
tleman a question, just at this point. He says
the printing presses in the establishment number
twenty-six. I wish to know of him whether all
of those printing presses arc in a condition to be
used at this time ?
Mr. GURLEY. I believe they are.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Are you informed upon
that point?
Mr. GURLEY. I have so understood.
Mr. McCLERNAND. From whom?
Mr. GURLEY. I have myself examined the
office, in connection with the Superintendentand
other parties in the office, and I have always un-
derstood that the presses were in good working or-
der; if they were not, a very few days'work would
put them m order. There is a machine shop con-
nected with the concern for the repair of any
machinery.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am informed that a
number of the presses are broken and out of
order.
Mr. GURLEY. The type and furniture cost
§26,000. We agree to pay $13,000. That that
is a reasonable rate, any gentleman will be satis-
fied who will examine the work done upon the
typo.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is not a considerable
portion of the type damaged from use?
Mr. GURLEY. Of course the type is not as
good as new; but we pay only one half price for
it. You will see that it makes very good work,
by reference to the printed reports and bills before
you. The printing of this House is now done in
that office.
Mr. McCLERNAND. If the type are worn
out, they are worth only the value of the metal.
Mr. GURLEY. They are not worn out.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I want more particular
information than is contained in that report.
Mr. GURLEY, I now desire to read, in con-
nection with this subject,anextractfrom a speech
made by Mr. Cameron in the Senate the other
day, in which he uses the following language:
41 Every Senatoi present, I suppose, knows that I have
always been opposed to the establishment of a Government
ptintiiig office. J think it wrung, and I believe time will
prove it; but I have paids-ome attention to tins subject, and
1 am satisfied that the wisest thing that could have been
done undei the circumstance^, was to buy this office. This
printing ofiicc of Wendell is the most pcri'cct printing office,
not only in the United States, but in the world. It coit a
much larger sum than the Government has agreed to pay
(or it, and you have saved a great many jobs by making this
purchase. I am satisfied that from  eventy-five to one hun-
dred thousand dollats have been saved by making this ar-
rangement, and God only knows how much more you save
from what would be expended if you were to go on and
erect a new building. J think that everybody who is in
favor of the interests of the Government, and" who is in
favor of stopping the constant plunder in the shape of public
printing, ought at once to vote lor the appropriation to buy
this office."
T fully believe that statement of Mr. Cameron.
I believe the Government could not now ercct that
building and furnish it with all the necessary ma-
terials we find there, for §235,000, in the way the
Government usually do their business. If this
law had gone into operation last session, and we
had had this same printing office, you would have
saved the entire cost of it by this time. Our printing
and binding last session amounted to about four
hundred thousand dollars. Thirty-three per cent,
upon that would be within a fraction of one hun-
dred and thirty-five thousand dollars. That
amount you would have saved, if the office had
gone into operation at the commencement of the
last session.
Again: as the printing is now done, you have
to wait four, six, and eight months for your doc-
uments. That was the case with the mechanical
part of the Patent Office report. The Superin-
tendent says, only give him the office, and the
means to carry it on, and he will give you the
agricultural report in thirty days. I do not wish
to prolong this discussion. Every gentleman can
examine the report for himself. Here is a sched-
ule of every article purchased; and I end by re-
peating that, while theestabiishment cost $185,000,
we agree to give only $135,000 for it. The mem-
bers of the committee, on the part of both the Sen-
ate and House, looked over the papers, looked into
the whole subject; and four of them visited the
printing office, went all over the estimates, and
then unanimously concurred in the report.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to strike out the last
two words of the amendmentproposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio. I am reminded by this discus-
sion. so far as it has proceeded, of a definition,
which I learned at school, of the rule of permuta-
tion; which was, as nearly as I can recollect, de-
fined to be the different number of attitudes or
positions which a given number of persons may
occupy. For two days we have heard our friends
upon the other side of the House, and especially
the distinguished chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and I believe the chairman of
the Committee on Printing, or at any rate, he will
