152
APPENDIX TO -THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Harris.
Ho. of Reps.
speak to cach other as sober, discrect statesmen,
appealing rather to the honor and justice of men,
than to their fears or passions. If we cannot
convince the judgment of the North that the South
has never injured her, or trampled upon her rights,
and that she ought and must .do justice to the
South, then, indeed, is our Government at an end.
If, by threats of disunion, we could frighten the
North into a temporary adjustment, I should not
be willing to do so; for it would only postpone
the sad event a brief space, and not avert it. We
must have a Union based upon the affections of
the people; each section observing a due regard
for the rights and feelings of the other. This
Government can alone be perpetuated by the
affections of its citizens—not by the sword.
I think it is the duty of both sections to con-
template the horrors attending a disruption of the
Government. That which, perhaps, rises above
all others is, can it be done in peace? "When we
look at the peculiar character of our Government,
its varied interests, its immense amount of public
Sropcrty, its vast extent of territory, he must be
ut an indifferent observer of public events who
thinks all these questions can be adjusted without
a resort to the arbitrament of the sword. There
is no question which I think presents a greater
difficulty than that which would grow out of the
claim to the free navigation of the Mississippi
river. Will the great Northwest permit this, the
only natural outlet for their immense productions,
to fall into the hands of a hostile Government? It
may be said, by comity this river would be open
to free navigation. But this is answered by those
interested, that they will never permit a vested
right, necessary to their existence, to rest on the
good will and courtesy of a people whose interest
and feelings are so hostile that they could nothve
under the same Government. This content would
enlist the whole Northwest. Ohio, bordermgon
the river by that name, which bears upon its
bosom the immense products of that State, would
feel the same interest which Indiana, Illinois,
Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota feel.
In the event of a dissolution of the Union, what
is to become of our vast domain? Would not we
of the South rightfully say that this was ac-
quired by the common blood and tieusureof the
South as well as the North; and that we were, aw
we would be, entitled to our jus t proportion?
Would not the North reply that we withdrew
voluntarily from the Government, and that wo thus
forfeited all claim to any portion of our hitherto
common territory? I deny, sir, that this ought
to bo their claim; but, judging from the past and
the present, 1 can come to no other conclusion.
Then here is an issue between the sections. Will
the South yield without a struggle, and surren-
der all this vast extent of country, about which
she has said so much?
But it may be said, that to deny the South its
just proportion of the Ten-hones, is so mani-
festly wrong that no people would be guilty of
such' an act. The answer is, the Government will
be destroyed on the ground of the unfaithfulness
of those who would make the denial,and because
of their utterdisregaid of our constitutional rights.
It is said all this can be settled by treaty after the
separation, and a fair division would be the result.
If this be true, could we not much more easily
adjust it now while we are one people, hvingun-
der a common Government? If we cannotadjust
it now, the chances arc certainly against it then.
It would be a singular proposition, indeed, that a
great nation should separate upon a given point
of dispute, in order to settle amicably that very
point. The South would want to extend slavery
into that portion lying west of us, and would take
military possession—the only mode left. The
North might contest that right. A conflict may
thus begin on our frontier, which would end in a
general war between the sections.
But we will suppose we have passed these two
points in peacc: are wn then clear of all difficul-
ties? I fear not. Another difficulty is presented
in the division of the Army, the Navy, and the
munitions of war. The public property in this
District, being in southern territory, would of
right belong to the South. But would the North
concede that right? We must bear m mind, sii,
that we break up the Government bccausc the
North has denied the people of the South their
constitutional rights, and upon the hypothesis
that she will deny them in future. Then we must
not only treat tbein as a hostile people, but as an
unjust and aggressive people. This being true,
they would certainly claim at least a part, if not
the whole, of the public property of this District.
The South would never submit to this. The re-
sult, I fear, would be, that upon this sacred spot,
selected by the Father of his Country as its cap-
ital, would be fought the first great battle, which
would end its existence. This city, hallowed by
his name, and these streets, made sacred by his
touch, and so constructed by him as to protect his
countrymen from a foreign enemy, will be the
theater of a great war, which must end in their
destruction—a war in which the deep-mouthed
cannon's roar will startle the very ashes of the
patriot as they sweetly repose beneath the green
sod of his own Mount Vernon,
The evils which must follow a dissolution of
this Government are past comprehension. No
human mind can conceive or comprehend them.
It would, I fear, be the end of constitutional lib-
erty. Inaugurate the system of disintegration;
set the example, and all our subsequent govern-
ments will be but " ropes of sand," to be broken
by every breeze of passion or prejudice. For the
slightest cause of offense, either real or imagin-
ary, any State would retire at pleasure, and re-
sume her sovereignty. There will be more Re-
publics than two. New England would either
set up for herself, or be lequired to do so. The
middle north States would form another; the great
Northwest another; the States of the Pacific slope
another; Texas possibly would, m time, resume
her independence. It is not beyond conjecture
that m a few years the " cotton States" would
form one Republic, and the remainder of the
southern States another. This is not a pleasant
state of things to contemplate. But I think it the
part of wisdom and discretion to view this gicat
question in all its aspects. We already find it
painfully true that m the last few years the recog-
nition of a difference of interest m the southern
States has become too common. We have heard
southern statesmen dividing the South into " cot-
ton States" and bolder States." Yen, even
now, before we have made an effort at fornnnga
southern confederacy, we observe this feeling
manifesting itself. The Governor of South Car-
olina has recommended to lus people that, under
the new government of his State, she shall pass a
law prohibiting the border States from bringing
their slaves into South Caiolina. But if we should
succeed in forming a southern confederacy, would
not questions soon m ise to distui I) our harmony ?
The tariff, pi otcct ion, direct tax, the African slave
trade, would, I lear, become elements of discord.
But, sir, evils greater than these present them-
selves to us. We of the border States arc very
differently situated from our brethren of the " cot-
ton States." We will be connected geogiaphi-
cally with this hostile Republic, or Republics, for
two thousand miles. We must suffer all the loss
by escape of slave property, and bear the brunt
and burden of all wars which must, in course of
time, ensue. They would make common cause
with us; but, from their geographical position
and ^parseness of white population, but few, com-
paratively, could leave their homes to fight in a
distant country. Our States must be the battle-
fields, and our border the scenes of blood and
cainage. But, it may be said, there will be no
war; that we can adjust all matters by treaty. If
the North is so fanatical on the subject of slavery
that we cannot hvc in a common Government
with her, is it likely she would enter into a treaty
by which fugitive slaves arc to be returned? And
if she did, would that treaty be any more respected
than the fugitive slave bill is now? Wo must
recollect, when the Union is dissolved, the fugi-
tive slave bill is dissolved with it. Our slaves,
then being free from all legal restraint in the North,
would leave us in greater numbers than they do
now. The North would do as England does in
regard to our slaves escaping into Canada: refuse
to give them up. The question then arises, would
this produce a war ? I fear it would ? If war is
to follow the escape of every slave, ought not all
the people of this country, north as well as south,
to pause ere it be too late, and endeavor to avert
such a calamity 5
If the Union be dissolved, there is yet another
important question about which we of the border
States should ponder. Having no fugitive slave
bill then, our slave property would require pro-
tection from escape. I can see no other form in
which it could be had, except by a strong police
force, or a cordon of armed men along the whole
line which would divide us from the North; either
of which must be attended with many troubles
and great expense. These are difficulties not at-
tending our brethren of the cotton States. We
stand as a barrier between them and their ene-
mies. They can lose no negroes, nor be subjected
to any of the horrors of a border war.
Virginia has a peculiar interest and feeling in
preserving the peace and harmony of this coun-
try. No county of any State in the great North-
west but contains some of her sons. Her sturdy
yeomanry have gone by thousands to seek their
homes m that inviting region. In the event of a
conflict between the sections, the horrible specta-
cle would be piesented of brother meeting brother
and father meeting son upon the field of battle.
God grant the time may never come when the
gallant son of the Old Dominion in the far West
will exclaim, li I am become a stranger unto my
brethicn and an alien unto my mother's children!
When we are invited to take a step so import-
ant as the total disruption of our Government,
involving as it may the consequences which I
have portrayed, ought we not to pause long enough
to inquire into the causes which impel us to this
last iesort? When these causes have been learned,
it is our duty to make an effort to remove them,
and thus exhaust every constitutional remedy be-
fore we plunge into the unfathomed depths of dis-
union. The immediate cause for disunion, as it
is alleged by some, is the election of Lincoln by
a sectional party with purposes hostile to the in-
stitutions of the South. Is there no remedy for
this? True, we cannot undo what the people have
done; for lie is elected under the forms of the Con-
stitution. But the South, aided by that ever true
and loyal Democracy at the North, had their de-
fense in their own hands. They had a majority
in both Houses of Congress, arid would have had
for the first two years of his administration. And
judging that noble band of patriots, one million
five hundred thousand strong, by then* past record,
we are bound to presume they will gain on our
common enemy at their next trial of strength.
What a sublime and patriotic spectacle it would
present for the admiration of the woi Id—a united,
conservative, and constitutional element standing
up for their rights in the Union, But, sir, asido
from this, so firmly is the institution of slavery
fixed in the affections of the people of the South,
and so impregnable is its basis, that it defies all
assault, from whatever source it comes.
I believe no statesman in Virginia has said that
the bare election of Lincoln js sufficient cause to
dissolve the Union. It will be well remembered
how all parties dented this charge during the lato
canvass. Then, what other practical questions
present themselves to us which require us so has-
tily to sever our connection with the Government?
It isno act passed by Congress; for, be it known,
not a single act is now in force on the statute-
hooks of the United States which was not passed
by the aid of southern votes. Most of them have
been passed by a Democratic Congress, or signed
by a Democratic President. Butwoare told,and
coricctly, too, that many of the northern States
have passed laws impeding the execution of the
fugitive slave bill. The States which passed them
stand m open rebellion to the Constitution; and
if prompt measures had been taken to punish the
first offending State by the powers under the Con-
stitution, 1 venture to affirm that no other State
would have followed the example. The passage
of these laws are of no recent date. The first,
I believe, was passed by Vermont, in the year
1843, just two years bejore Texas came into the
Union. Pennsylvania passed hers in 1847. We
have, for this long period permitted these laws to
sleep on the statute-books of the North. We have
given no notice to those States that we demand
their repeal; which I think we ought to do before
we break up the Government on that account.
Sir, I do not mean to extenuate or palliate any
act which the North has committed in violation of
our constitutional rights. On the contrary, 1 allege
