1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
which is one of the most complete printing offices
in the United States, was got up by private en-
terprise for the purpose of accommodating the
two Houses of Congress, and for the purpose of
doing the printing for the different Departments of
the Government; and were we to go into the oper-
ation of purchasing new grounds, and erecting
new buildings in place of the one we propose now
to purchase, we would destroy that private en-
terprise entirely; and therefore I think there is a
moral obligation resting upon us to purchase this
instead of purchasing new grounds and property.
The dimension of this building is two hundred
and sixty-four by one hundred and seventy-five
feet. No new building of that size could now be
erected by the Government by giving it out by
contract in the manner in which such contracts
are usually made by the Government, except by
an expenditure far beyond $135,000. We know
the favoritism which has been exercised by this
House and by the committee in giving out con-
tracts; and the purchase of presses and type in
New York and Philadelphia—the two great points
where these articles are manufactured—and the
erection of a building, to say nothing about the
cost of the ground, would greatly exceed the sum
now to be appropriated. And then we should
do injustice to a private enterprise which was in-
vited into the printing business by the action of
the two Houses of Congress.
Therefore, I am in favor of purchasing this
property under this bill, although I was opposed
last session to the establishment of a public print-
ing office by the Government.
Mr. GURLEY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was taken on Mr McClernand's
amendment; and it was lost.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended; and it was not agreed to.
Fifth Senate amendment:
For compensation of the cloiks,andfor office rent,fuel,
in the land office of Kickapoo, Kansas,$12,857 92, m
accordance with section seven of 11 An act making appio
priations for certain civil expenses of the Government,"
&c., approved August 18, 183'J.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Sixth amendment of the Senate:
For cairying the mails from New York, via Panama, to
San Francisco, three times a month, fiom the 1st of July,
1860, to tile 1st of July 1861, at the rate of $350,000 per an-
num, from winch sum shall be deducted the amount received
for postages on s>aid joule; and the Postmaster Geneial is
heteby authorized to conuact for earrrying the mails in the
manner afoiesaid, until the 30th of June next, at the same
rate of compensation ; and so much money is hereby appro-
pi lated out of the Treasury of the United States as. may be
necessary to carry out the said contract.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee ofWays
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means have directed me to offer an amend-
ment to this amendment, by striking out all the
latter clause, commencing with the words, " and
the Postmaster General." They then recommend
that the fust clause be agreed to. This will con-
form the amendment to the action of the House
the other day upon the post route bill.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill t#Hhe House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committcee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mi-..Burnett reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 866)
making appropriations for supplying deficiencies
in the service for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1861, and had directed him to reportthe same back
to the House with sundry amendments.
EVEXING SESSIONS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before I call the previous
question upon the amendments to the deficiency
bill, I desire to submit amotion that, after to-day,
until the special order is disposed of, the House
shall each day take a recess from four until seven
o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indinia, objected.
Mr SHERMAN moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the resolution.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed to;
and thereupon the resolution was introduced,
and agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now demand the previous
question upon the amendments to the deficiency
bill.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would inquire whether, as
a matter of right, we are not entitled to a separate
vote upon the Senate amendments ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to move that the Senate be re-
quested to return the post route bill, for the pur-
pose of correcting a clerical error. The House
reduced the cost of the temporary steamship ser-
vice from $400,000 to $350,000. By a clerical
error, $300,000 was put into the bill instead of
$350,000.
No objection being made, the motion was agreed
to.
PACIFIC KAILKOAD.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to introduce a resolution ?
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That House bill No. 701, the Pacific railroad
bill, which has been parsed by the Senate and returned to
this House with amendments, be taken fiom the Speaker's
table and made the special oider for the day, after the special
order now pending shall have been disposed of.
Mr. CURTIS. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Say,afterthemorn-
ing hour.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to the intro-
duction of the resolution.
Mr. CtfRTIS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. WASHBUK.NE,of Illinois. There is al-
ready a resolution to suspend the rules pending,
for the purpose of taking up a private bill. I do
not object to the gentleman's resolution; but I
propose to do things in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If there is a motion
to suspend the rules pending, the motion of the
gentleman from Iowa is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. %
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether he proposes to bring
the House to a vote upon the Senate amendments
to the deficiency bill to-night?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not until to-morrow. It
will then come up as unfinished business.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I send up a resolution, to
which I think there will be no objection.
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to know what
objection there is to suspending the rules for the
resolution which I propose to offer?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided it to
be out of order at present; and the motion before
the House is to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. What became of the motion
of the gentleman from Iowa? It was made before
the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It was not received by the
Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. But it was entitled to be re-
ceived. A motion to suspend the rules is in order
any time to-day after the morning hour; and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] a moment
before moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion for the
previous question pending, which cuts of the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment.
TheSPEAKER. There is amotion to adjourn
pending.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope that will be voted
down.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SICKLES. I now appeal to the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the
previous question for a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I wifhdraw the demand
for the previous question, what will'become of
the deficiency bill?
Mr. PHELPS. It will go to the Speaker's
table, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. And could not be reached
again for six weeks, perhaps.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I insist on avote on the
amendments to the deficiency bill now.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
% Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Iowa can-
not accomplish his purpose until the amendments
of the Senate to the deficiency bill shall have been
disposed of; and the y^as and nays will have to
be taken on one or two of those amendments. I
think, therefore, we had better adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the resolution
which I sent up may be read. I think there will
be no objection to its passage.
The Clerk read the resolution by its title, as
follows:
Jointresolutionforextendingthe time for taking
testimony on the application of Cyrus H. Mc-
Cormick for extension of his patent.
Mr. BURNETT and others objected.
The following is the resolution proposed to be
introduced by Mr. Stanton:
A joint ievolution extending the time for taking testimony
on the application of Cyius II. McCormick for the exten-
sion of hi* patent.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the fiather time of ninety days be given to parties inter-
ested in lesisung the extension of the patent of Cyrus H.
McCormick, for his patent reaper, or his improvements or
modifications of the same, to enable them to take testimony
m opposition to said extension, to be used before the Com-
misioner of Patents, on the hearing of the application of
said McCormick for an extension of said patent.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Iowa, and to those gentlemen who agree
with him, that there seems to me to be no sortof
necessity for keeping us here this evening to vote
upon these amendments to thedeficiency bill. The
gentleman's proposition is, that the Pacific rail-
road bill be made the special order after the prop-
ositions of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cor-
win,] the chairman of the committee of thirty-
three, shall have been disposed of. Those prop-
ositions cannot possibly be disposed of before
Friday next. The gentleman from Ohio has given
notice that he expects to call the previous ques-
tion some time on Thursday. If that call shall be
sustained, he will then have a right, under the
rules, as chairman of the committee, to conclude
the debate. The speech of the gentleman from
Ohio, and the votes on the various propositions,
will certainly take up agood part of Friday. That
will leave only one aay, Saturday, which we usu-
ally devote to private business. I appeal, then,
to the gentleman from Iowa to let this thing go
over. He will only lose one day, and next Mon-
day he will have another chance to hring up his
bill. Why, under these circumstances, should
we stay here now to vote on these amendments
to the deficiency bill?
Mr. SICKLES. If the statement of the gen-
tleman fiom Virginia be correct, what objection
can there be to the resolution of the gentleman
from Iowa, inasmuch as it will not give the Pacific
railroad bill precedence?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to my friend from
Iowa that he can have no difficulty m getting up
his bill whenever a majority of the House desire
to take it up. He has only to wait until the ex-
piration of the morninghour,and then a majority
of the House can postpone the special order, and
proceed to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table. But if I withdraw the pre-
vious question now, the deficiency bill will go to
the Speaker's table at the heel of this bill.
Mr. SICKLES. Will that course be pursued?
Mr. CURTIS. There are a number of bills on
the table before the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move tkat the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p.m.) the House
adjourned.
