1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
36th Cong....2d Sess.
An Undivided Country—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
of Congress, and that their mandate must be
obeyed by the loyal citizens of the Government?
If so, then is there not full and ample security in
this department of the Government against the
unconstitutional aggressions of any section or
party. In further proof of the position that the
Supreme Court is the proper forum to settle ques-
tions arising under the Constitution, and that their
decrees are binding, not only on the States and the
people, but on the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment, I will adduce the evidence of one of the
early fathers of the Republic. Mr. J. Mason, in
a debate on the judiciary system of the Govern-
ment in 1800, in the Congress of the UnitedStates,
spoke as follows:
" It will be found that the people, in forming their Con-
stitution, meant to make the judges as independent of the
Legislatures as of the Executive; because the duties they
have to perform call upon them to expound not only the
laws, hut the Constitution also, in which is involved the
power to check the Legislature, in case it should pass any
law iu violation of the Constitution."
"Who docs not remember with what wither-
ing denunciation the great statesman and jurist,
Daniel Webster, denounced this right of seces-
sion* and vindicated the province of the Supreme
Court to decide Questions arising between the
States and the Federal Government and its inte-
gral parts? Hence, sir, the ground' upon which
the secessionist places his right to secede is as
baseless as the fabric of a dream. I now dismiss,
sir, this question of secession, which my State
repudiated in 1833, when there was in her coun-
cils the wisest of her sons.
Upon the decisions of the Supreme Court I base
the right of the southern States to have granted
to them the propositions submitted by my col-
league, the gifted, the eloquent, the patriotic Crit-
tenden, whose protracted life has been spent in
the service of his country, and who, if now, in
his ripe old age, he could save it from destruction,
might—
iC Wrap the drapery of his couch around him,
And lie down to pleasant dreams."
The first and most important demand we make
upon the North "is to guaranty to us our ri^ht to
an equal participation in the settlement ana pos-
session of the Territories belonging to the United
States, and that this guarantee shall be given in
the Constitution itself. This is not asking a fur-
ther right under the compact. It is simply asking
that a right which we have may be made secure
from violation. We are entitled to this upon every
principle of justice and equity. The Territories
now belonging to the Union were acquired by
conquest and purchase. The armies of the South
paid, as part purchase money for them, their
blood. Upon the battle-fields of Mexico will be
found the bones of many of the sons of the South,
who fell struggling for the very territory which
you now propose to appropriate exclusively to
yourselves.
I do not like to be fastidious; but, sir, I must
be cxcused for saying that the South contributed
a much greater number of men, and lost far more
blood, in the acquisition of this territory than
did the North. In this blood-bought territory we
ask our rights—nothing more, nothing less. In
addition to our rights to go to these territories
and take with us our property—ay, sir, our slave
property—on principles of justice and equity, we
have the further argument to urge, in opposition
to your proposed exclusion of us from it, the
Constitution confeis no right to acquire territory,
which was admitted by one of the greatest politi-
cal philosophers the world has ever produced—I
mean Mr. Jefferson. At the time he purchased the
Louisiana Territory, he said he had no warrant
in the Constitution for such acquisition, but the
overruling necessities of the nation justified the
extra-constitutional measure. Then, sir, if there
is no power given to the General Government to
acquire territory, there was no power vested in it
to exclude from any such territories any of the
citizens of this Government, or their property.
We do not claim, as was asserted by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] that the Consti-
tution gives us right of property in our slaves, or
right to go with those slaves to theTerritories; but
we contend that neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature can inhibit our ingress with our slaves
into the Territories, nor can they divest our right
of property while there, during the existence of
a territorial government. Our right of property
was given by a State sovereignty, and no power,
short of State sovereignty, can divest it, in this
opinion I am sustained by the decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, rendered in the
celebrated case of Dred Scott. Yetwe are told by
some of the representative men of the Republican
party, that that court has no power to control
the action of the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment; and in defiance of that decision, they
will prohibit the immigration of slaves into the
Territories; and that,ratherthan submit to the un-
warrantable assumption of power by the Supreme
Court, they will resort to revolution.
One of the members from the State of New
York, whose declarations are always maturely
considered and highly respected by his party,
[Mr. ConkLinGj] in a speech which he delivered
last winter on this floor, gave utterance to the fol-
lowing tirade against the SupremeCourt, and threat
of resistance against its decrees. He says of that
court, and its opinion in the case before referred to:
" In its first approach it will seem a question of slavery
or freedom, but it will turn out to be a conflict of preroga-
tives and powers—a collision of forces in the Government
affecting more or less the late of every popular right. A
powerful party will he found in the country maintaining
that the Supreme Court of the United States is clothed with
authority to say what laws Congress may, and what laws
Congress may not pass; and that whenever tins authority
has been exercised, neither the Executive nor Congress
may ovei step the limits it has prescribed; on the other hand,
organizations, policies, and eternal principles will cry out
against imperial assumptions, and the issue will strctoh far
beyond oven the undiscoverable confines of the one per-
vading question of human slavery." •* * * *
" Such an epoch could not occur in the history of the pres-
ent generation unaccompanied by untoward results; violent
revulsions would end in a restoration of the philosophy of
the past, and constitutional majorities, at whatever cost,
would sternly assume the sway."
This ad captandum argument might be made to
apply with equal force against either of the other
departments of the Government, when in theex-
erciseof their properfunctions,and would equally
justifyrebellion againstthelawsof Congressorde-
iiance to theproclamations of the Executive. Why
is there to be a conflict of powers and prerogatives?
The Constitution has well defined the powers of
the national Legislature, and definitely conferred
jurisdiction on the courts. Upon what, then, will
be based the organization which shall cry out
against imperial assumptions in the court when it
is strictly confining itself to the proper sphere of
its duty, except upon the unwarrantable and un-
constitutional assumptions of a numerical major-
ity, which will not stop at the barriers of the Con-
stitution, but overleap all restraints and assert the
infernal dogma of pirates, that " mightisright!"
This is a kindred claim to the one set up by the
seceding States of the South, which has produced
revolution in our nation, and threatens with sud-
den and irrevocable destruction the dearest rights
of mankind. If the North can resist the enforce-
ment of the decrees of the courts, the South can
nullify the laws of the General Government; and
I would recommend to the lips of the gentleman
from New York the bitter chalice he has prepared
for the South. And by the way, Mr. Speaker,
these declamatory appeals of the northern Repre-
sentatives against the powers of the General Gov-
ernment have gone far, very far, to alienate and
disaffect our people of the South from the nation.
It is in vain we appeal to them in the name of the
Constitution; for the Constitution, they say, you
have disregarded. And now, sir, to place our
right, founded in justice, sanctioned by equity,
and confirmed by the Supreme Court—ourrightto
settle in the Territories of this Government with
our property—we ask that you give us a constitu-
tional guarantee which will place it beyond cavil.
Mr. Speaker,! propose to devote a few moments
to the investigation of the rights of southern slave
owners to reclaim their fugitive slaves in the free
States of the Union, and the power and duty of
the General Government to afford, by adequate
legislation, the execution of this right expressly
asserted in the Constitution. With but few ex-
ceptions, the efficient law passed in 1850 is ac-
knowledged by the Representatives of northern
consutuenciesas constitutional and obligatory; yet
many of the northern States have passed laws,
commonly callcd personal liberty bills, which are
calculated to impair the efficiency of that law; and
were those States which have enacted those laws
border States, but few escaping negroes would
be returned to their masters; and the loss of prop-
erty in the border States, which now annually
amounts to hundreds of thousands of dollars,
would be increased to millions; in fact, it would
completely deplete the middle southern States of
their immense slave wealth. But, sir, these uncon-
stitutional laws are confined chiefly to the far-off
eastern and northern States, where fugitive slaves
scarce ever go; yet they are conceived in a spirit
ofmalignanthatred to the institutionsof the South,
and in direct violation of chartered right; and they
are insulting to southern citizens, and are defiant
declarations against the General Government.
Their repeal is loudly clamored for by southern
States, and unquestionably demanded by the
spirit of the times.
The law of 1850 is said to be unnecessarily
severe, and its rigorous provisions should be mod-
ified. I express now my readiness to correct any
of the faults in the bill, especially as it is urged
that it will render more certain its execution. As
a southern Representative, I delight in no legisla-
tion which grates harshly upon the sensibilities of
the northern people; I only want to be protected
in my rights. Intimately connected with that
clause in the Federal Constitution for the reclama-
tion of fugitive slaves, is that which requires the
surrender of fugitives from justice. This clause
of the Constitution has been shamelessly violated
by different northern Governors; by Hon. Wil-
liam H. Seward, when Governor of New York,
who refused to deliver a negro thief on the appli-
cation of the Executive of Virginia; by the Gov-
ernor of Iowa, who also refused to deliver to
Virginia a fugitive criminal; and by Governor
Dennison, of Ohio, who refused to surrender to
Kentucky Lago, who had committed a crime in
that State and had fled to Ohio. In each of these
cases the crimes imputed to the fugitives were
connected with the institution of slavery.
Now, sir, the extradition clause of the Consti-
tution is so broad that it embraces all cases of
crime, and so plain that nothing but a dangerous
refinement of learning can mistake it. The act of
Congress passed in 1793, to carry out this provis-
ion of the Constitution, is as comprehensive as
the clause of the Constitution, and the intention
of the legislators as transparent as words can
make ideas. In the second section of article four
of the Constitution, it says:
" A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or
other crime, who shall flee from justice, and be found in
another State, shall, on demand of the executive authority
of the Sfote from which he fled, be delivered up, to bo re-
moved to the State having jurisdiction of the crime."
The first section of the act of 1793 is as follows:
ii Be it enacted That whenever the executive author-
ity of any State in the Union, or of eitherof the Tcrritoiies
northwest or south of the river Ohio, shall demand any per-
son as a fugitive from justice of the executive authority of
any such State or Territory to which such person shall have
fled, and shall moreover produce the ropy of an indictment
found or affidavit made before a magistrate of any State or
Territory as aforesaid, charging the person so demanded
with having committed treason, felony, or other crime, cer-
tified as authentic by the Governor or chief magistrate of
the State or Territory from whence the peison so charged
fled, it shall be the duty of the executive authority of the
State or Territory to which such person shall have fled to
cause him to" be arrested and secured, and notice of the
arrest to be given to the executive authority making such
demand, or to the agent," &c., "and cause the fugitive to
be delivered up."
No argument I can offer will add any additional
force to the obligations of this clause of the Con-
stitution, and the law of Congress made in pursu-
ance thereof. I have, during this session, intro-
duced a bill giving construction to the law of 1793,
which so interprets it as to embrace all crimes,
either those at common law or those creatcd by
statute. I think this bill should pass, that this
source of irritation might be removed.
Mr. Speaker, it has been urged by some of the
southern Representatives, that the Constitution
gives us right of transit through, and sojourn in,
the free States of this Union. This 1 do not
believe, and will not, through policy, pretend to
assert it. 1 will not sacrifice truth to expediency,
nor jeopardize just demands by complicating with
them unjustexactions. I think,however,comity,
friendship, and good neighborhood should prompt
our northern brothers to place upon their statute-
books laws allowing us these privileges, that we
might visit our relations and friends in the free
