140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 5, 1861
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Btjtler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MECHANICAL REPORT.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print extra
copies of the annual report of the Commissioner
of Patents on mechanics, reported the following
resolution:
Resolved, That fifteen thousand additional copies of the
annual report of tho Commissioner of Patents on " arts and
manufactures" for the year 1863, be printed for the use of
the Senate, and ten thousand copies for tho Interior De-
partment for purposes of official distribution: Provided,
That the tabular statements and indices bo printed with
nonpareil type, and the description of patents with brevier
type, so as to complete the $ntire report in two octavo
volumes.
Mr. HALE. How many docs that propose to
give, of the fifteen thousand copies, to the Patent
Office ?
Mr. FITCH. It gives fifteen thousand to the
Senate and ten thousand to the Interior Depart-
ment. Last year there was some misunderstand-
ing between tho Departmentand the Senate, which
led, as the Senator will recollect, to considerable
confusion. This year, to obviate that, the com-
mittee have reported at once what they thought
to be ncccssary, and not have in future a contro-
versy between the Senate and the Department.
The aggregate is twenty-five thousand copies.
The resolution was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr, WADE presented eleven petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the
Constitution, and the enforcement of the laws;
which wore ordered to lie on tho table.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of citizens
of Fairfield, Connecticut, praying for the speedy
adoption of such measures as will substantially
embrace the recommendations of the representa-
tives of the border States; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Bridgeport, Connecticut, praying for the speedy
adoption of such measures as will substantially
embrace the recommendations of the representa-
tives of the border States; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Derby, Connecticut, praying for a speedy adop-
tion of such measures as will substantially em-
brace the recommendations of the representatives
of the border Status; which was ordered to he on
the table.
Mr. TEN EYCIC presented eight petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union,
the Constitution,and the enforeementof the laws;
which were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of the borough of Nm thumberland, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the adoption of Mr. Crit-
tenden's resolutions with Mr. Digler's amend-
ment; which was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
speedy adoption of such measures as are substan-
tially embraced by the Crittenden resolutions;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the
Constitution, and the laws; which were ordered
to he on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Union county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by Hon. Mr. Crittenden; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. POWELL presented a memorial of J. T.
Pickett, praying for indemnity for relief furnished
to destitute American citizens while he was Uni-
ted States consul at Vera Cruz, in Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a me-
morial of citizens of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, residing in the Fifth Ward, praying that
New Jersey^venue, from D street to N street
may be lighted with gas; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of
St. Louis, Missouri, praying for the adoption of
the compromise measures proposed by Hon. Mr.
Crittenden; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. BIGLER. I present the memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Philadelphia, set-
ting forth that by reason of the increased traffic in
the collection district of Philadelphia, the wharf
accommodations on the river Delaware, as fixed
by the act approved June 30, 1834, limiting that
collection district within Gunner's run on the
north, and the navy-yard on the south,are insuf-
ficient, and praying that the limits of that district
may be increased, so as to include all between
Greenwich Point on the south, and Frankford
creek on the north. I move that, it be referred to
the Committee on Commerce
It was so referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 48) in relation to mail
service in Washington Territory, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred tho memorial of John Gordon, a mes-
senger in the Post Office Department, praying
compensation for services performed out of office
hours, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 556) for the relief of John Gordon.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a resolution requesting tho Sen-
ate to return to the House the bill (H. R. No.
714) establishing certain post routes, with the
amendments of the House to certain amendments
of the Senate to the bill, in order that a clerical
error may be corrected.
ENROLLED BTLL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (S. No.
2G8) for the relief of Mary K. Guthrie, widowof
Presley N. Guthrie; and it was signed by the
Vice President.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 2d instant, at twelve o'clock
and nine minutes, the printing of a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior on the subject of afford-
ing relief to destitute Indians.
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 4th
instant, the printing of the following documents:
Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
returns of the militia of the United States—ordered
at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes.
Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a transcript of the Army Register—ordered at
twelve o'clock and eighteen minutes.
\ TERRITORY OF COLORADO.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, that the Sen-
ate reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill
(S. No. 366) to provide for a temporary Govern-
ment for the Territory of Colorado,
Ordered, That the further consideration thereof he post-
poned till to-moriow.
TROOPS AT TIIE CAPITAL.
Mr. WIGFALL. I beg leave, with the per-
mission of the Senate, to introduce the following
resolution; and I ask for its immediate consider-
ation:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to mfoitn the Senate (If in his opinion not incom-
patible with the public interest) for what puipo&e tioops
and munitions of war have been, since the commencement
j of this session of Conines, concentrated in this city; stat-
i ins; the number officii troops; the point3 fiom whence
they were withdrawn, and the respective arms of the mil-
itary sei vice to winch lliev below?; if such troops are des-
tined {or special service in this city, that such service be
ppecifiod; and, in such case, that he inform the Senate
under the authority of what law they arc to be employed
in such advice.
Mr. CLARK, and others, objected to the con-
sideration of the resolution.
The resolution therefore lies over, under the
rule.
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL TOTES.
Mr TRUMBULL. The joint committee ap-
pointed to ascertain and report a mode for exam-
ining the votes for President and Vice President
of the United States, and of notifying the per-
sons chosen of their election, have instructed me
to report in part the following resolution:
Resolved, That the two Houses will assemble in the
Chamber of the House of Representatives, on Wednesday,
the 13th day of February, 1861, at twelve o'clock, and the
PresidentoVthe Senate shall be the Presiding Officer; that
one person be appointed a teller on the part of the Senate,
and two on the part of the House of Representative", to
make a list of the votes as they shall be declared ; that the
resultshall be delivered to the President of the Senate, who
shall announce the state of the vote, and the persons elected,
to the two Hous-es assembled, as aioiet-aid ; which bliall be
deemed a declaration of the persons elected President and
Vice President of the United States, and, together with a
list of the votes, be entered on the Journals of the two
Houses.
I f there be no objection, I ask for the adoption of
the resolution now. I will state that it is the usual
form of canvassing the votes for President and
Vice President, which has been adopted since the
foundation of the Government.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ifitbe necessary, I move
that the Vice President appoint the teller on the
part of the Senate. I do not know but that that
would follow, at any rate. If, however, it needs
a motion, { make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves that the Presiding Officer of this
body appoint the teller on the part of the Senate,
for counting the presidential votes.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
IIOCKADAY AND LIGGET.
Mr. POLK. I beg leave to call to the notice of
the Senate, for consideration, the bill (S. No. 551)
for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget, being the
same bill reported by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] as the organ of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, during the last
week; and I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
551) for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to allow $40,000 to Hockaday & Ligget, in
full payment for damages sustained by them in
reduction of pay for carrying the maiis on route
No. 8911. This amount is to be paid to William
Ligget for and on account of Hockaday & Ligget,
and for their benefit.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will inquire if this is the
bill which ihe President vetoed ?
Mr. GREEN. It is not. It is modified to meet
the views of the other end of the avenue.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
ADMISSION TO TIIE ELOOR.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate take
up the resolution which I offered yesterday, ex-
tending the privileges of the floor to the commis-
sioners now in session in this city.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved j That the commissioners appointed by thesev-
eial States to attend a convention to be held in this city
to-day, be admitted to the floor of the Senate during the
sitting of the said convention.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were oideied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
not pass this order, fo* the simple reason that if
we thus begin to break down our rules there will
be no end to it. Senators know very well the
great inconvenience we have experienced from
having so many people on the floor here at differ-
ent times. There is ample room in the galleries
for anybody who is disposed to come here. We
have adhered to our rulesm relation to admissions
to the floor very strictly heretofore; and when we
made those iuIos for the regulation of this new
Hall, we were purposely minute and particular;
our experience in the old Hall having shown the
necessity for it. Although I should be as glad as
anybody to meet many of these gentlemen on the
floor of the Senate or anywhere else, I thmkeon-
sideration for our own convenience and our own
comfort ought to lead us to adhere strictly to the
rules we have made.
Mr. FOSTER. I introduced a resolution a
