156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
An Undivided Country—-Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
States, and take with us our domestics for com-
fort and convenience. This would be a return to
.the days of brotherly love which characterized the
intercourse of our fathers.
Many years ago, the great republican State of
New York graced her State code with a law of
this character, and the distinguished Senator from
that State [Mr. Seward] opposed its repeal then,
his words glowed with the generous warmth of
friendship and were redolent with sentiments of
hospitality. In 1838,Gerrit Smith wrote a letter,
asking Mr. Seward if he was in favor of the
repeal of this law, and he replies as follows:
u Your third question is, 'Are you in favor of a repeal
of the laws which now authorize the importation of slaves
into this State, and their detention as such during a period
of nine months ?> The provisions of our statute on the sub-
ject of slavery are as follows: The statute declares that ail
persons bom in this State after its enactment shall be free,
and that all persons that shali be brought (synonymous in
your communication with imported) into this State as
slaves. shall be tree, with two exceptions; the last of which
exceptions k, that ' any person, not being an inhabitant of
ths Stale, may bring with him any person lawfully held by
him in slavery in the State from whence he came, and may
take s*ueh person with him from this State, but the person
so held in slavery shali not reside or continue in this State
more than nine months; and if such residence be continued
beyond that lime, such person shall be free.' It is this last
exception to which your question lefers.
"• Does not your inquiry give too broad a meaning to the
section? it certainly does not confei upon any citizen of
a State, or of any country, or any citizen of any other State,
except tlit" owner of slaves in anothcrState by virtue ofthe
laws thereof, the riijiit to bring slaves into this State, or de-
tain them heie under any cncumstances as such. I undei-
stanU your inquiry, therefore, to mean whether I am m
favor of a repeat of'the iaw which declares, in substance,
that any person from the southern or southwestern Slates
who may be traveling to or fiom, or passing through, the
State, may bring with him and take with him any person
lawfully hem by him in slavery in the State from whence
he came, provided such slaves do not remain here more than
nine nioniht:.5' * * a * " But, gentlemen,
being: desirous to be entirely candid in this communication,
it is pioper 1 should add, that 1 am not convinced that it
would be either wist, expedient, or humane, to declare to
our fellow-citizens of the  <>ui hern and southwestern States
that it they travel to or fiom, or pass through New Yotk,
they shall not biing with them the attendants whom cus-
tom or education or habit may have rendered necessary to
them. 1 have not been able to discover any good object to
be attained by such an act of inhospitably/'
Now, sir, I appeal, in the name of the delight-
ful recollections of the past, the events of the pres-
ent, and the undiscoverable issues of the future,
cannot the Republicans of this day follow the
salutary advice of their political leader, given
twenty years ago, and reenact the hospitable laws
of that period ?
1 hail, with pride and satisfaction, the propo-
sitions of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] the illustrious son of a still more
illustrious sire, whose intellectual brightness re-
flects back the luster of a brilliant ancestry, and
radiates a halo of glory along the pathway of his
progeny, as a return to the teachings of thecailier
and better days of the Republic. His proposition
to place in the Constitution an insuperable bar-
rier against the abolition of slavery in the States,
except by their consent, will go far to allay the
apprehensions of the southern people in regard
to the hostile purposes of the northern people.
But, sir, it does not go quite far enough; it should
cmbrace within its prohibitions the District of
Columbia and the arsenals, dock-yard^, and other
places within the southern States, over which
Congress has exclusive light of legislation. Gen-
tlemen, members of the Republican party, say on
this floor that they do not propose to abolish sla-
very in these places. Why not, then, gire us the
guarantee in the Constitution ? It will do you no
harm, but us much good, cither imaginary or real.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 have, in a cursory man-
ner, canvassed the demands of the South on the
people of the North. I have asked nothing which
they cannot grant without the sacrifice of a single
principle; nothing but what is warranted by the
example of the patriot founders of the Federal
Government. They recognized slavery in the
Constitution, in different clauses, and we only ask
you to guaranty to us the rights which they ac-
knowledged. But I am told that ihe draughtsmen
of that sacred instrument, conceived in the confi-
dence of mutually dependent friendship, intended
as an ample shield of protection to all these inter-
ests, refused to characterize their ideas with proper
words, and would not, through false delicacy, use
the word "slave" in the Constitution, lest it
might be regarded as a countenance of the in-
stitution of slavery. I spurn this unjust and un-
founded imputation upon the candor and frank-
ness of the framers of the Constitution. They
used the very words best calculated to reflect their
intentions. In the clause for the rendition of fu-
gitives from labor, which was intended to embrace
apprentices as well as African slaves, they use
the wordsS( held to service or labor," which char-
acterize both relations; and, sir, it is a remarka-
ble fact that the first fugitive law passed under this
Constitution was passed upon petitions from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, whose apprentices had es-
caped from them and fled to other States. The
word " slave" in this clause would not have sig-
nified apprentice, and hence would not have ex-
pressed the intention of the framers of that instru-
ment.
In further proof that no such motive as the one
attributed influenced the omission of the word
slave in the Constitution,! would refer gentlemen
to the debates in their own conventions, which
adopted that instrument, where they will find that
they called things by their proper names, and un-
derstood clearly the recognition of slavery therein.
Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts, a member of the
convention of that State, said that—
" The black inhabitants of the southern States must be
consideied either as slaves, and as so much property, or
freemen."
You do not contend they are freemen; that they
are slaves follows as a corollary. Mr. Speaker,
with anxious and aching heart, I ask if the Re-
publican party, upon such pretexts as these, in-
tend to let the destruction of such a Government
as this take place ? Will they not give up these
political dogmas for the Constitution, and sacri-
fice their partisan prejudices on the altar of their
country? I invoke them, in the name of human
liberty, in the name of oppressed humanity, in
the name of our common ancestry, in the name
of the national peace, in the name of mothers and
children, in the name of fathers and sons, to save
this mighty fabric of human liberty from impend-
ing ruin ! Its construction cost too much human
suflermgand patriotic blood to let it be demolished
without an efloit to save. How inexplicable the
indifference, how astounding the stoicism which
treats with indecent levity the impassioned appeals
of patriotism for help in this the severest crisis of
our national existence !
Mr. Speaker, when the Pemherton mills crum-
bled beneath their own ponderous weight, or fell
from defects in their architectural design, bury-
ing beneath their ruins many human bodies, as
the sad story was heialded to every point of our
continent by the invisible post-boy, you might
have seen gathered upon the streets of your cities,
or the thoroughfares of the towns, groups of in-
dividuals discussing the dreadful catastrophe.
The aged would heave their measured lamenta-
tions, while the young would give utterance to
quick and impulsive exclamations of horror and
affright; timid and soft-hearted woman would
sicken at the details of the calamity, and man's
stern heart would quicken its pulsation at the re-
cital. Ourwholc nation was startled by the shock
of their fall, and all our people were in mourning
for the dead. The inquny was at oncc instituted,
how did it happen; upon whom rests the dread
responsibility of the tragedy? If our people are
so sensitive to an occurrence of this kind, how is
it to be accounted for that they are so heedless of
the mighty events now crowding upon us? The
occurrence in Massachusetts was but the break-
ing of the smallest piece of furniture in one of the
: smaller chambers of our gieat temple. It is not
I1 surely because we do not love the Union. It is
not that it has been worthless to us. It is not be-
cause it has performed its mission and hangs like
an incubus upon our necks. It is not for any of
these reasons. It is because the people have been
demagogucd until their ears are deafened to all
i admonitions, even to the timely warnings of the
; patriot watchman on the battlementsofState. The
people love this Union, and have every reason for
so doing. For what, that could be accomplished
by artificial means, lias-it not accomplished ? In
the vestibule of our national temple we threw off
the yoke of Britain's government; we bid defiance
to her disciplined armies; we met her panoplied
hosts on the fields of war, and achieved ounndc-
, pendencc by the sevuiu arbitramentof the sword.
Then we were covered alone by the threadbare
canvas of the Articles of Confederation. Beneath
the broad canopy of the Constitution, and within
the solid walls of the Union, we have spread our
dominion over a continent; we have sent our civ-
ilization along the course of the sun, until its tri-
umphs greet its earliest rays and fling back its
latest beams; we have felled forests; we have razed
hills; we have plowed the rivers; we have scaled
the mountains; we have constructed railroads; we
have built cities; we have made States; we have
fought battles; we have achieved victories; we
have created empires; we have made a mighty
Armada, and have sent the birds of our commerce
to bathe their plumage in every sea. Before the
smoke of our camp-fires the aborigines have van-
ished as the hosts of Assyria fell before the angel
of the Lord. That race which built its tents on the
rocks of Penobscot has been driven westward,
until they have found temporary hunting-grounds
amid the fastnesses of the Rocky Mountains.
That people, who once spread their ensigns of
existence all over our country, have gathered the
remnant of their life along our western horizon,
which is so thin and gauzy as to give but a faint
russet hue to the diskofthesettingsun; thetokens
of their rude arts have been buried beneath the
shadows of our superior civilization; all these
things have not been performed by the instru-
mentality of the Union; but all, and still more,
have been performed under its ample regis. From
a feeble mendicant at the knees of France, asking
her assistance against the despotism of England,
we have grown to such majesty and strength as
to defy the world in arms. Our productions fill
the warehouses of foreign ports; and our bread-
stuffs have supplied the gaunt jaws of famine. We
have strewn the South with the seeds of cotton,
and a " king" has sprung to being from its soil.
Our art has found acabinetfor its curious designs
in a palace in the heart of our nation, and our
science has hung its trophies on the " outer walls"
of civilization. Our mariners have knocked for
entrance at the granite gates of the Arctic sea,
and our enterprise has unfurled its banners on the
pyramidsofthe " Pharaohs." Ourstatesmenhave
given new lessons to political economists. Our
orators have filled the world with their eloquence,
and the walls of despotism have crumbled at the
sounds. Our jurists have given new codes to
jurisprudence, and our lawyers have written com-
pends to the laws of nations. The wealth of our
cities would well compare with theglittering splen-
dors ofthe " Queen of the Desert;" and the happi-
ness of our people hath nothing with which to be
compared.
Our Constitution opens up avenues from the
humblest walks of life to the great citadel of fame,
and our laws throw around the pooiest of its sub-
jects the panoply of protection. The genius of
our Government permeates all classes of society,
and recognizes the separate existence of all our
people; the rich have to acknowledge the rights
ofthe poor, and the strong the places of the weak.
Under the charter of our liberties, the States have
to give a republican form of government to the
people; and the larger State must respect the sov-
ereignty of the smaller. Our Federal system pre-
sents the picture of a natural family; the Federal
head supervises the whole, and each State per-
forms its separate functions. The Union affords
the general protection, and each State increases
the aggregate wealth. The diversified interests of
the separate States make them mutually depend-
ent on each other. The South produces cotton
and sugar; the North, wheat and rye; the West
furnishes the supplies; and the East manufactures
the crude materials into articles for use.
A beautiful harmony would have pervaded the
whole of our Government, had it not been for the
machinations of traitors and fanatics. They, for
different reasons and various motives, have sought
to destroy it. Prominent among these reasons are
the following. Some of our citizens, too lazy to
i work, seek an easier mode of gaining subsistence
in piracy and filibustering. Our Jaws pronounce
the penalty of death against those who thus offend;
! and they want to avoid that penalty by destroy-
' 1 ing the law-giver. Some, from an unholy ambi-
I tion to be regarded the great philanthropists and
i humanitarians of the age, seek to give universal
i freedom to felon and slave. Our Constitution
