160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. op Reps.
fields, and their dissevered and bleeding edges
have been cauterized by the fires of war, what
skillful surgery, what sweet medicaments of na-
ture, what healing influences of time, can ever
reunite them?
But, sir, political institutions are not lifeless
masses, to be shaped and matched and glued to-
gether at will by ingenious artisans. Great States
arc not dead, geometrical forms, to be arranged
and rearranged, into a hundred curious shapes,
like a Chinese puzzle. They are vital organiza-
tions, which determine their forms, not by exter-
nal forces, but by the principle of life within them.
This national Government, as I think I have
shown, is the growth of more than two centuries.
It strikes its roots far back into the earliest colo-
nial settlements; and when you can reconstruct
the oak which you have hewn limb from limb,
you may reunite and revivify the torn and dis-
membered body of the Republic.
But, sir, this is not all. This ideal reconstruc-
tion is rendered forever impossible by the very
act of dismemberment. Oncc establish the right
of secession, and you not only destroy this Union,
but you destroy the living principle itself, with-
out which no Union can exist. Be assured that
the States which remain loyal to this Constitution
will never become parties to a trumpery compact,
which can be dissolved in secret session, by a
packed convention of a single State. Whatever
States shall tear themselves away by revolution-
ary violence must return, if they return at all,
with the recantation of this heresy on their lips,
and submissive to the true theory of the Consti-
tution.
Mr. Speaker, the preservation of the peace, of
the complete integrity, nay, even of the existence
of this nation, is not the greatest trust that is now
committed to this generation of men. War, civil
war, is a calamity which no description can ex-
aggerate; the dismembermentof a nation is a dire
catastrophe: the extinction of a mighty empire is
one of those grand, sad tragedies which move
with sceptered pall at long intervals before the
eye of the world; hut all these are not the utmost
ills that can befall the race. Far more fatal to
civilization and to humanity may be the extinc-
tion of a system of government which unites the
utmost capacity of national power and renown
and the most perfect protection of social order,
with the highest degree of individual liberty. He
who takes the life of a just man commits a crime
which he may expiate with his own. He who
conspires against the life of a nation, commits a
crime which history strives in vain adequately to
punish with immortal infamy. But what lan-
guageshall measure the treason of him who strikes
at the life of a vital principle of free government,
which it has cost thousands of lives to establish,
and in which the hopes and happiness of millions
of otheisare involved?
Mr. Speaker, what, after all, remains for us but
to stand to the last by this Government of our
fathers? The State of New York has already
spoken in no uncertain tone. Seated between the
ocean and the great Mediterranean lakes, with her
imperial city by her side; one fourth larger in pop-
ulation, and far, far greater in ali the resources of
military power, than were the thirteen States at
the period of the Revolution, she can play her
part, thank God, in any drama that remains to be
enacted on this continent. Hut she has taken her
position. She will stand by this Constitution
with whatsoever other States, be they many or be
they few, shall choose to stand around her.
Mr. Speaker, whatever may be the fate of se-
ceding States, this Government will not be de-
stroyed. Nay, it will not be permanently weak-
ened by this convulsion. It will, for centuries
yet to come, be the commanding Power on this
continent of North America; and to it all other
Powers will be subordinate. A great maritime
nation, it must hold all th#kcys of the continent.
Her Navy will command all the seas which wash
its shores. Weaker nations, if any there be, must
submit to her occupation of such posts as her mil-
itary necessities require. She may not compel an
unwilling people to share her power; but she will
never permit that power to be in the least impaired.
I-Ier boundaries—ay, sir, her boundaries, will be
determined wholly by considerations of military
defense. Whatever is essential to her national
greatness she will retain. She will keep open all
the pathways of commerce from every sea to the
far interior. She will unite both oceans with her
iron roads; and she will advance with equal steps
in her career of empire. When the first moments
of incredulous surprise shall have passed,and she
shall have performed her first duty of reoccupy-
ing the fortresses which have been seized by in-
surgents, and shall have vindicated the insulted
majesty of the law, then it will be for her to determ-
ine whether she will maintain her jurisdiction over
revolted States,or,with dignity and honor, by some
proper constitutional method, sanction their with-
drawal. If the latter more probable evcntshould
occur, whatever new government shall thus be set
up on this western continent must accept the rel-
ative position to which its relative strength may
entitle it.
If a portion of these States propose to inaugu-
rate a new and great experiment upon this conti-
nent, in the establishment of two confederacies,
lying side by side, the one based upon free labor,
and the other upon chattel slavery, to run the race
of greatness for a hundred years, I, for my children
and children's children, will accept the issue. One
of these Powers will be dominant, and the other
will at last exist, as some of the petty States of
Europe exist, more by permission than by any
inherent strength. Which this dominant Power
will be, I care not now to say; but I am willing to
abide the trial. It is safe to say that it will be
that one which combines most of the elements
which in these timesgo to makeupagreat nation.
It will be that one which rests, not upon one form
of industry only, but upon the infinite diversity
of pursuits which compose our modern civiliza-
tion. It will be that one in which shall flourish
most, agriculture in its best methods; manufac-
tures in their endless variety of fabrics; the me-
chanic arts m their countless forms; commerce
vexing every sea; science, literature, inventions
superseding human labor; all the nobler arts; in-
stitutions of learning of every grade; universal
education; all that sustains and adorns life, all
that enters into the structure of that grandest of
human creations—if itbe not ratheradivine work
—a mighty State.
I, for one, accept the position which the irre-
pealable ordinances of nature shall decree for the
State in which my fortunes are cast. If war shall
come, as it will come—though I cannot contem-
plate it with indifference—1 abide its result with
profound tranquillity. For the world will be taught
again the old lesson, that national strength re-
poses in the homes of free labor; that it springs
up from the farm and out of the work-shop. And
they who provoke the trial will find that a great
English statesman said most truly, "no sword is
sharper than that which is forged from the plow-
share; no spear more deadly than that which is
beaten from the pruning-hook."
And, sir, the most precious of all earthly pos-
sessions, constitutional Republican liberty, is still
secure. It will remain committed to the guardian-
ship of a people equal to the sacred trust, and able
to defend it against a world in arms. We have
already had foreshadowed the erection,upon these
shores, of Governments " strongly military" in
their character; and, sir, whatever provincial oli-
garchies, whatever petty or powerful despotisms
may arise on our bordeis, the Republic of the
United States of America will ever be as it has
ever been, the champion of the liberties of the
whole people. Whoever else may prove recre-
ant, we can never give up that precious inheritance
which our fathers brought with them to this con-
tinent and transmitted to us in yet more abundant
measure. Not by our apostaey shall these ines-
timable ughtsof the people be betrayed and lost,
only to be recovered after other centuries of heroic
struggle and endurance,—when other Elliots and
Martens have perished in prison; when other
Miltons have grown blind, while their studious
lamps " outwatched the bear;" when other Hamp-
dens have fallen on the bloody field; when other
Ilussels have written and pleaded and suffered;
when other Sydneys have spent the long night in
solving the great problems of human liberty, and
then, when the morning came, have gone calmly
01H to seal the written page with their blood.
Tlnsbirthnghtshall neverbesurrendered byus.
It has been won on too many fields of stricken
battle: it has been vindicated in too many tri-
umphant debates. To secure it, too many noble
victims have bowed their serene brows to the
block; too many martyrs have lifted up unshaking
hands in the fire.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. C. A. TRIMBLE,
OF ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
jFebrua-ry 5, 1861.
The House having under coubideiauon the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. TRIMBLE said:
Mr. Speaker: I have listened to the debateon
the propositions of the committee of thirty-three
with all the interest which the vastness of the sub-
ject inspires; and only now participate in the dis-
cussion from a consciousness that every Repre-
sentative, in a juncture so critical, should vindicate
his acts to his constituents.
Representing a district which borders on Vir-
ginia and Kentucky for more than one hundred
miles, with a large proportion of its population
coming originally from those States, and having
extensive business connections with all the south-
ern States of the Ohio and Mississippi valleys, I
can but feel a deep interest in any event that would
disturb our present social and business relations.
I have, too, a personal interest in this matter; and
am bound by ties of consanguinity and friendship
to nearly every border slave State of the Union.
The sympathy of a common origin, and the in-
heritance of a common country, have made us one
people; and the ties that bind us cannot be rup-
tured for slight and trivial causes. We all pro-
fess a love for the Union. Its countless blessings
have fallen alike upon the people of all the States.
Under its broad shield all have shared in a pros-
perity unexampled in the history of the world.
Our peace at home and proud distinction abroad
arc the fruits of union, not the result of separate
State existence. The Government of the Union—
though imperfect, as all human governments are—
has yet given greater security, and more uniform
protection, to the rights of the people m all the
States, than were ever before enjoyed under any
Government instituted by man.
Why, then, shall this beautiful fabric of Gov-
ernment, erected by the hands of our patriot
fathers, and cemented with their blood, be " rent
from turret to foundation stone>5? Why sever the
ties of kindred, of interest, of a common fame,
and of future renown, and plunge a land almost
literally flowing with milk and honey, into a fratri-
cidal war? Ours is not a despotism, but a Gov-
ernment of the people. It was made by the people,
and foi the people. Dad men may, for a time,
gain and use its powers for base purposes; yet the
people hold its destinies in their own hands; they
are the last tribunal of resort, and to their judg-
ment must be brought all questions involving the
integrity of their country, and the peace of their
homes. And because it is so, I hope and believe
that our glorious Confederacy, threatened even as
it now is, will still be preserved in its unity; and
that harmony and good brotherhood will again
bless the land. But, sir, what arc the causes that
are urged to justify the sacrilegious work of de-
stroying the Government?
For the first time in our history, an attempt is
made to resist the will of the people, when fairly
expressed in compliance with all the forms of the
Constitution. Mr. Lincoln was chosen President
for four years, on the 6th of November last. No
fault is found with his character or ability. No
one denies that his political opinions were clearly
set forth by himself, fully discussed by his fi lends,
and emphatically indorsed by the people. But
those who nominated Mr. Breckinridge, and with
great earnestness and industry, supported him,
having failed in the election, now declare that Mr.
Lincoln shall not be inaugurated, or if he should
be, that his rule shall be over a dismembered Con-
federacy. These men, having succeeded hereto-
fore in exciting the prejudices and inflaming the
passions of the southern people against their breth-
ren of the North, by the grossest misrepresenta-
tions of their principles and purposes, found little
