THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the loan taken at par, or above par. I will not
protract the debate. I hope this amendment will
be rejected; because the balance of the former loan
will be indispensable, unless another biil passes;
and if that passes, I shall put an amendment in it
to repeal this law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment reported from the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken.
Mr. FITCH, (when his name was called.)
Upon this question I have paired off with the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] who is in at-
tendance upon the Peace Congress—so called, I
suppose, in contradistinction to this, which I fear
will be known as the war or belligerent Congress.
Mr. GWIN, (when his name was called.) 1
paired off with the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Baker,] before he left the city. I understand
that he has returned; but as I do not see him in
his seat, I shall not vote.
The result was announced—yeas 25, nays 23;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clingman,
Crittenden, Douglas, Green, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Peaice, Polk, Powell, Pugb, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Wigfall—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Harlan, King, Morrill, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—23.
So the amendment-was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time; and it was read
the third time, and passed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the first and fourth, and dis-
agreed to the third and fifth, amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1861; and had agreed to the second
and sixth amendments of the Senate to the bill,
with amendments, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the bill and amend-
ments were referred to the Committee on Finance.
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will now
call up the special order, being the message of the
President of the United States, communicating the
rcsolutionsofthe Legislature of Virginia; on which
the Senatorfrom Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
on the 19th of December, I made a speech in the
Senate, with reference to the present crisis, which
I believed my duty to my State and to myself
required. In making that speech, my intention—
anu I think I succeeded in it—was to place my-
self upon the principles of the Constitution and
the doctrincs inculcated by Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madison, Monroe, and Jackson. Having
examined the positions of those distinguished
fathers of the Republic, and compared them with
the Constitution, I came to the conclusion that
they were right; and upon them I planted myself,
and made the speech to which i have referred, in
vindication of the Union and the Constitution,
and against the doctrine of nullification or seces-
sion, which I look upon as a great political heresy.
As far back as 1833, when I was a young man,
before I made my advent into public life, when
the controversy arose between the Federal Gov-
ernment and the State of South Carolina, and it
became necessary for Andrew Jackson, then Pres-
ident of the United States, to issue his proclama-
tion, exhorting that people to obey the law and
comply with the requirements of the Constitu-
tion, I planted myself upon the principles then
announced by him, which I advocated on the 19th
of December last. I believed that the positions
taken then by General Jackson, and those who
came to his support, were the true doctrines of the
Constitution, and the only doctrines upon which
this Government could be preserved. I have been
uniformly, from that period to the present time,
opposed to the doctrine of secession, or of nulli-
fication, which is rather a hermaphrodite, but
approximates to the doctrine of secession. I re-
peat, that I then viewed it as a heresy and as an
element which, if maintained, would result in the
destruction of this Government. I maintain the
same position to-day. I then opposed the doc-
trine of secession as a political heresy, which, if
sanctioned and sustained as a fundamental prin-
ciple of this Government, will result in its over-
throw and destruction; for, as we have seen al-
ready, a few of the States are crumbling and
falling off.
I oppose this heresy for another reason; not
only as being destructive of the existing Govern-
ment, but as being destructive of all future con-
federacies that may be established in consequence
of a disruption of the present one; and I availed
myself of the former occasion on which I spoke,
to enter my protest against it, and to do some-
thing to extinguish a political heresy that ought
never to be incorporated upon this or any other
Government which may be subsequently estab-
lished. I look upon it as the prolific mother of
political sin; as a fundamental error; as a heresy
that is intolerable in contrast with the existence
of the Government itself. I look upon it as being
productive of anarchy; and anarchy is the next
step to despotism. The developments that we
have recently seen in carrying this doctrine into
practice, I think, admonish us that this will be the
result.
But, Mr. President, since I made that speech
ou the 19th of December, I have been the peculiar
object of attack. I have been denounced, because
I happened to be the first man south of Mason
and Dixon's line who entered a protest or made
an argument in the Senate against this political
heresy. From what I saw here on the evening
when I concluded my speech—although some
may have thought that it intimidated and discour-
aged me—I was inspired with confidence; I felt
that I had struck treason a blow. I thought then,
and I know now, that men who were engaged in
treason felt the blows that I dealt out on that
occasion. As I have been made the peculiar ob-
ject of attack, not only in the Senate, but out of
the Senate, my object on this occasion is to meet
some of these attacks, and to say some things in
addition to what I then said against this move-
ment.
Yesterday the last of the Senators who repre-
sent what are calicd the seceding States, retired,
and a drama was enacted. The piece was well
performed; the actors were perfect in their parts;
it was got up to order; I will not say that the
mourning auxiliaries had been selected in advance.
One of the retiring Senators, in justifying the
course that his State had taken, made a very spe-
cious and plausible argument in reference to the
doctrinc of secession. 1 allude to the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.] He argued that the
sovereignty of that State had never passed to the
United States; that the Government held it in
trust; that no conveyance was made; that sover-
eignty could not be transferred; that out of the
gracious pleasure and good will which the First
Consul of France entertained towards the Amer-
ican people, the transfer was made of the property
without consideration, and the sovereignty was
in abeyance or trust, and therefore his State
had violated no faith, and had a right to do pre-
cisely what she has done. With elaborate prep-
aration and seeming sincerity; with sweet tones,
euphonious utterances, mellifluous voice, andgreat
earnestness, lie called our attention to the treaty
to sustain his assumption. But when we exam-
ine the subject, Mr. President, how do the facts
stand? I like fairness; I will not say that the
Senator, in making quotations from the treaty and
commenting upon them, was intentionally unfair;
nor can I say that the Senator from Louisiana,
with all his acumen, his habits of industry, and
his great research, had not read and understood
all the provisions of the treaty. In doing so, I
should reflcct upon his character; itmightbe con-
strued as a reflection upon his want of research,
for which he has such a distinguished reputation.
The omission to read important portions of the
treaty I will not attribute to any intention to mis-
lead; I will simply cal) the attention of the Senate
and the country to his remarks, and then to the
treaty. The Senator, after premising, went on to
say:
"Phave said that the Government assumed to act as
trustee or guardian of the people of the ceded province, and
covenanted to transfer to them the sovereignty thus held in
trust for their use and benefit, as soon as they were capa-
ble of exercising it. What is the express language ot the
treaty?"
He then read the third article of the treaty of
cession of Louisiana, which provides merely for
their incorporation into the United States; their
protection in the enjoymentof their religion, &c.;-
and thus he commented on it:
" And, sir, as if to mark the true nature of the cession
in a manner too significant to admit of misconstruction,
the treaty stipulates no price; and the sole consideration
for the conveyance, as stated on its face, is the desne to
afford a stiong proof of the friendship of France for the
United States. By the terms of a separate convention stip-
ulating the payment of a sum of money, the precaution is
again observed of stating that the payment is to be made,
not as a consideration, or a price, or a condition precedent
of the cession, but it is carefully distinguished as being a
consequence of the cession."
Now, Mr. President, to make this matter more
intelligible, and better understood by the country,
it seems to me it would have been better to read
the first article of the treaty, which commences
thus:
"The President of the United States of America, and the
First Consul of the French Republic, m the name of the
French people, desiring to remove all source of misunder-
standing relative to objects oi discus&ion," &.c.
After reciting the othertreaties pendingbetween
France and the United States and Spain, they go
on in the first article as follows:
" And whereas, in pursuance of the treaty, and particu-
larly the third article, the French Republic has an incon-
testable title to the domain and to the posssssion of the said
territory, [that is, of Louisiana,J the First Consul of the
French Republic, desiring to give to the United States a
strong proof of his friendship, doth hereby cede to thesaid
United States, in the name ot the French Republic,forever
and in full sovereignty, the said territory, with all its right?
and appurtenances, as fully and m the same manner as
they have been acquired by the French Republic, in virtue
of the above mentioned treaty concluded with his Catholic
Majesty."
Which was referred to in the preceding section.
Now, sir, is there not a clear and distinct and ex-
plicit conveyance of sovereignty, of property, of
jurisdiction, of everything that resided in the
First Consul of France, to the people of the Uni-
ted States? Clearly and distinctly the jurisdiction
and control of that Government were transmitted
absolutely by the treaty. Why not have read that
part of the treaty first? That is the first article.
Tiie second article is in these words:
" Art. 2. In the cession made by the preceding article,
are included the adjacent islands belonging to Louisiana,
all public lots and squares, vacant lands, and all public
buildings, fortifications, barracks, and other edifices, which
are not private property. The archives, papers, and docu-
ments, relative to the domain and sovereignty of Louisiana
and its dependencies, will be left in the possession of the
commissaries of the United States, and copies will be
afterwards given in due form to the magistrates and muni-
cipal officers of such of the said papers and documents as
may be necessary to them."
We sec, then, in the first article, that property
and sovereignty were all conveyed together, in
clear and distinct terms. If there was a power
residing anywhere to control the people and the
property of Louisiana, it was in the First Consul
of Prance, who conveyed absolutely the sover-
eignty and right of property to the people of the
United States. Then we come to the third article,
which the Senator read yesterday:
" Art. 3. The inhabitants of the ceded territory sliall be
incorporated in the Union of tlie United States, and ad-
mitted as soon as possible, according to the piiriciples of
the Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights,
advantage^, and immunities of citizens of the United States;
and, in the mean time, they sliall he maintained and pro-
tected in the fiec enjoyment ot their liberty, property, and
the religion which they profess."
There is some order in that; one thing fits the
other. There is the conveyance of sovereignty
and property. There is a minute enumeration in
the second article; and in the third article it is
provided that as soon as possible, according to the
principles of the Federal Constitution, they shall
be incorporated into the Union, and protected in
the enjoyment pf the religion which they may
profess. "We see, then, how the thing stands.
Have not all these things been complied with ? But,
by way of exonerating Louisiana from censure
for her recent act of attempted secession, it is
urged that, when this treaty was made, there was
no consideration; but that, out of the good will
that the First Consul had towards the American
people, the sovereignty was given to us in trust;
that we took the property in trust; that we took
everything in trust. Sir, the Federal Government
took the property, and the sovereignty with it, in
