1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
7 45
trust for all the States. But how'does the matter
stand? The retiring Senator's speech—whether
it was intended or not, I do not undertake to say
—is calculated to make the false impression that
some time afterwards, perhaps in some other
treaty remote from that, some money was paid
by the United States to Prance, out of the good
will that this Government had towards them. And
yet, sir, on the same day—the 30th of April, 1803
—on which the other treaty was made and signed,
the following convention between the United
States of America and the French Republio was
made:
" The President of the United States of America, and the
First Consul of the French Republic, in the name of the
French people, in consequence of the treaty of cession of
Louisiana, which has been signed this day, wishing to reg-
ulate definitely everything .which has relation to the said
ce&feion."
This, be it observed, was made on the same day,
and was, perhaps, written out before the other
treaty was signed. And what does the first article
say? It says expressly:
"Art. 1. The Government of the United States engages
to pay to the French Government, hi the manner specified
in the following article, the sum of sixty million francs,
independent of the sum which shall be fixed by another
convention for the payment of debts due by Fiance to the
citizens of the United States."
What becomes of tl^ specious plea, what be-
comes of the excuse tendered here, that we took
it simply in trust, and that no consideration was
paid? Turn over to the American State Papers;
look at Mr. Livingston's letters, upon which these
treaties were predicated; read his correspondence
with Mr. Madison, who was Secretary of State,
and you will find that France demanded the sum of
100,000,000f. independent of what they owed the
citizens of the United States; but after long nego-
tiations, the First Consul of the French concluded
to take 60,000,000f.; and tho first two articles of
the treaty which I have read are based upon the
60,000,000f. paid by this Government in consid-
eration of the sovereignty and territory, all of
which was to be held in trust by the United States
for all the States.
This was given to us out of the pure good will
that Napoleon at that time had towards the Uni-
ted States. Sir, he had great hate for Great Brit-
ain; and by the promptings of that hate he was
disposed to cede this territory to some other
Power. He feared that Great Britain, whose
Navy was superior to his own, would take it. He
desired to obtain money to carry on his wars and
sustain his Government. These considerations,
and not love or partiality or friendship for the Uni-
ted States, led him to make the cession. Then what
becomes of the Senator's special pleading? From
the Senator's remarks, it may have been concluded
that we got it as a gratuity. But after examining
the State Papers and the correspondence, and look-
ing at th</ tedious and labored negotiation previous
to the making of the treaty, it is clear that at the
time the first treaty was made, on the very same
day, tho consideration was fixed; and yet the Sen-
ators tell us that at some other time a treaty was
made not referring to any amount of money agreed
to be paid at this particular time, and that there-
fore they are excusable and justifiable in going
out of the Confederacy of these States.
After all these things were enumerated, an ap-
Eeal was made. It was a very affecting scerve.
rouisiana was gone; and what was the reason?
Great oppression and groat wrong. She could not
get her rights in the Union, and consequently she
has sought them out of it. "What are the wrongs
of Louisiana? What was the cause for all the sym-
pathy expressed on the one hand,.and the tears
shed on the other? Louisiana was substantially
presented to the country in a most pathetic and
sympathetic attitude. Her wrongs were without
number; their enormity was almost without esti-
mate; they could scarcely be fathomed by human
sympathy. It was not unlike the oration of Mark
Antony over the dead body of Caesar. Weeping
friends grouped picturesquely in the foreground;
the bloody robe, the ghastly wounds, were con-
jured to the imagination; and who was there that
did not expect to hear the exclamation: " If you
have tears, prepare to shed them now?" [Laugh-
ter.]
Sir, what are the great wrongs that have been
inflicted upon Louisiana? Prior to 1803, Louis-
iana was transferred from Spain to France, and
from France back to Spain—both property and
sovereignty—almost with the same facility as a
chattel from one person to another. On the 30th
of April, 1803, when this treaty was made, what
was the condition of Louisiana? It was then a
province of the First Consul ofFrance, subjcctto
be disposed of at his discretion. The United
States did what? Came forward and paid to the
First Consul of France 60,000,00Of. for the terri-
tory. The treaty was made: the territory was
transferred; and in 1806, in express compliance
with the treaty, as soon as practicable, according
to the terms of the Federal Constitution, Louis-
iana was admitted into the Union as a State. We
bought her; we paid for her; we admitted her into
the Union upon terms of equality with the other
States. Was there any oppression, any great
wrong, any great grievance in that ?
In 1815—war having been declared in 1812—.
Louisiana was attacked; the city of New Orleans
was about to be sacked and laid prostrate in the
dust; " beauty and booty "were the watchwords.
She was oppressed then, was she not? Kentucky,
your own gallant State, sir, (and, thank God!
sheis standing erectnow,) and Tennessee, (which,
as I honestly believe, will ever stand by her side
in this struggle for the Constitution and the Union,)
in conjunction with the other States, met Pack-
enham and his myrmidons upon the plains of New
Orleans, and there dealt out death and desolation
to her invading foe. What soil did we invade?
What city did we propose to sack ? Whose prop-
erty did we propose to destroy? Was not Lou-
isiana there gallantly, nobly, bravely, and patri-
otically defended, by the people of the United
States, from the inroads and from the sacking of
a British foe ? Is that defense one of her oppres-
sions ? Is that one of the great wrongs that have
been inflicted upon Louisiana?
What more has been done by this Govern-
ment? How much protection has she received
upon her sugarr In order to give that protection,
the poorest man throughout the United States is
taxed for every spoonful that he uses to sweeten
his coffee. How many millions, under the oper-
ation of a protection upon sugar, have been con-
tributed to the wealth and prosperity of Louis-
iana since she has been in this Confederacy?
Estimate them. Is this another of her wrongs ?
Is this another of her grievances ? Is this another
of the oppressions that the United States have in-
flicted upon Louisiana ?
Sum them all up, and what are the wrongs,
what the grievances which justify Louisiana m
taking leave of the United States? We have de-
fended her soil and her citizens; we have paid the
price asked for her by the French Government;
she has been protected in the production of her
sugar, and in the enjoyment of every right that a
sovereign State could ask at the hands of the
Federal Government. And how has she treated
tho United States ? What is her position ? Upon
her own volition, without consultation with her
sister States, without even consulting with Ten-
nessee and Kentucky, who defended her when
she was in peril, she proposes to secede from the
Union. She does more: in violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States, in despite of the
plighted faith that exists between all the States,
she takes our arsenals, our forts, our custom-
house, our mint, with about a million dollars.
Gracious God ! to what are we coming? Is it
thus that the Constitution of the United States is
to be violated ? Forts, arsenals, custom-houses,
and property belonging to all the people of all
the States, have been ruthlessly seized, and their
undisturbed possession is the sum total of the
great wrongs that have been inflicted upon Loui-
siana by the United States!
Mr. President, when I look at the conduct of
some of the States, I am reminded of the fable of
King Log and the frogs. They got tired of the
log that lay in their midst, upon which they could
bask in the sun, or from which they could dive
to the depth beneath, without interference. And
these seceding States have got tired of the Fed-
eral Government, which has been so profitable
to them, and loathe the blessings which they
enjoy. Seemingly, its inability to take care of
itself created their opposition to it. It seems,
the inability of the United States to defend and
take care of its own property has been an invita-
tion to them to take possession of it; and, like
the frogs, th^y seek a substitute for their log.
They prayed to Jupiter, the supreme deity, to
send them another king; and he answered their
prayer by sending them a storks who soon de-
voured his subject frogs. There are s.torks, too,
in the seceding States. Soxuh Carolina has her
sto*k king, and so has Louisiana. In the heavy
appropriations they are making to maintain armies,
and in all their preparations for war, for which
there is no cause, they will find they have brought
down storks upon them that will devour them.
What do we find, Mr. President, since this
movement commenced ? In about forty-six days,
since the first State went out until the last one dis-
appeared—the26th of January—they have taken
from the United States, this harmless old ruler,
one thousand and ninety-two guns, without any
resistance, amounting to $6,513,000. They are
very much alarmed at the power of this Govern-
ment. Thus the Government oppresses them;
thus this Government oppresses Louisiana, per-
tinaciously persisting in allowing those States to
take all the guns,all the forts, all the arsenals, all
the dock-vards, all the custom-houses, and all the
mints. Thus they are so cruelly oppressed* Is
it not a farce ? Is it not the greatest outrage and
the greatest folly that was ever consummated since
man was spoken into existence ? But these are
the grievances of Louisiana. I shall say nothing
against Louisiana. Tennesseeand Kentucky have
given demonstrations most noticeable that when
she needed friends, whensheneeded aid, they were
at her bidding.
But in the acquisition of Louisiana there was
another very importantacq"uisition. We acquired
the exclusive and entire control of the navigation
of the Mississippi river. We find that Louisiana,
m her ordinance of secession, makes the negative
declaration that she has the control of the naviga-
tion of that great stream, by stating that the navi-
gation of the river shall be free to those States
that remain on friendly terms with her, with the
proviso thatmoderatecontributionsareto be levied
to defray such expenses as they may deem expe-
dient from time to time. That is the substance of
it. Sir, look at the facts. All the States, through
their Federal Government, treated for Louisiana.
The treaty was made All the States, by the con-
tribution of their money, paid for Louisiana and
the navigation of the Mississippi river. Where,
and from what source, does Louisiana now derive
the power or the authority to secede from this
Union and set up exclusive control of the naviga-
tion of that great stream which is owned by all the
States, which was paid for by the money of all the
States, and upon whose borders the blood of many
citizens of the States has been shed?
This is one of the aggrieved, the oppressed
States! Mr. President, is it not apparent that
these grievances and oppressions are mere pre-
tenses ? A large portion of the South (and that
portion of it I am willing to stand by to the very
last extremity) believe that aggressions have been
made upon them by the other States, in reference
to the institution of' slavery. A large portion of
the South believe that something ought to bedone
in the shape of what has been offered by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, or something
very similar. They think and feel that that ought
to bedone. But,sir, there is another portion who
do not cave for those propositions to bring about
reconciliation, but who, on the contrary, have
been afraid and alarmed that something would be
done to reconcile and satisfy the public mind, be-
fore this diabolical work of secession could be
consummated. Yes, sir, they have been afraid,
and the occasion has been used to justify and to
carry out a doctrine into practice, which is not
only the destiuction of this Government, but
which will be the destruction of all other govern-
ments that may be originated, embracing the same
principle. Why not, then, meet it like men?
We know there is a portion of the South who are
for secession, who are for breaking up this Gov-
ernment, without regard to slavery or anything
else, as I shall show before I have done.
The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin?]
in a speech that he made some days since, took oc-
casion to allude to some authority that I had intro-
duced from General Washington, the first Presi-
dent who cxccutcd the laws of the United States
against armed resistance; and it occurred to him
that, by way of giving his argument force, it was
necessary to remark that I was not a lawyer, and
that therefore I had not examined the subject with
that minuteness and with that care and familiarity
that I should have done; and hence that I had
