164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
36th Coxa....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. op Reps.
question by the sword, when it would necessarily
involve one half of the country in a destructive
war with the other half. But the question is the
most important that has yet arisen in our coun-
try, and it may be that we cannot avoid its de-
cision, if we would.
If the right of a State or of several States to
secede from the Union exists, whenever it suits
their caprice or supposed interest, and the Govern-
ment cannot even so much as defend the prop-
erty in those States which belongs to all the rest,
nor protect the lives and property of the citizens
of other States who may happen to be in those
that secede, then our Constitution is a farce, and
the Government under it a mockery. Admit the
doctrine, and the legislation of Congress, the rais-
ing and collection of revenue, the protection of the
industrial interests of the countiy, and even the
sentiments of the people, will be made, as now,
pretexts forthrowingoffthc authority of the Gov-
ernment. No Government can exist under such
license, and it is idle to talk about it. If then, the
seceding States adhere to this position, and are
justified and sustained in it by any considerable
number of the other States; and if the causes are
repudiated which have been heretofore urged in
justification of secession, and the act is now based
"upon incompatibility of interest and character be-
tween the two sections, then are the hopes of com-
promise faint indeed. But I cannot behove that a
majority even of the people in the border slave
States are ready to assume this position, or that
such dissimilarity of character or interest exists as
to preclude the possibility of our remaining one
people, and under the same Government.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that the public mind of
the South has been poisoned by the instrumen-
tality, not only of its own public men and news-
paper press, but by the public men and press of
the North. 1 know that the grossest misrepre-
sentations of the feelings and sentiments of north-
ern people on the subject of slavery have been
made by both. I know that the ravings of Aboli-
tionists and the garbled extracts from the speeches
and writings of a few prominent men have been
scattered broadcast over the South as the real
sentimentofall theirpeople. And I know, too, that
southern men, around their own family hearths;
upon the corners of the streets; upon the stump,
and at the hustings, have thoughtlessly given very
erroneous ideas, to both white and black, of the
aims of the Republican party. Unfortunate as is
this state of things, it can and ought to be reme-
died. If southern gentlemen on this floor, as some
noble spirits have done, would send out, m truth-
ful and patriotic speeches, the antidote to the
poison of misrepresentation, encourage a tmnd
President in the enforcement of the laws, and
demonstrate to their people the utter impossibility !
of any right of the South being disturbed by Mr. l!
Lincoln or his party, the work ofsavirig the Union I
would be half accomplished. Can we aid them? ;
I think we can, and without the sacrifice of prin- \
ciple on the part of any one.
The North complains of the harshness, injus-
tice, and frequent abuse of the fugitive slave law;
the South of its inefficiency. The amendment to
this law proposed by the committee of thirty-
three, though not what many gentlemen would
like to have it, must render it more efficient and
less objectionable, and will therefore receive my
support.
An unfounded apprehension pervades thesouth-
ern mind that the institution of slavery, at some
future time, will be attacked by the Republican
or other dominant party of theNoiih. Though
we know this to be impossible, and that protec-
tion to slavery in the States is now perfect, under
the Constitution, yet if a work of .supererogation,
in the way of amendment, will relieve this appre-
hension, let the people so decide, if they will. As ,
you would remove opposition to a Federal law in j
one section by consulting the sentiments of its
people, so should you increase in the people of
another section devotion to the Union and respect
for the Constitution by consulting their fears and
apprehensions. I will therefore vote to submit
to the people, for their approval or rejection, the
amendment to the Constitution proposed by the
committee of thirty-three. For these proposi-
tions, and any others that meet the approval of
my judgment as right and proper in themselves, I
shall vote; and because the bill for the admission
of New Mexico is not of that character, I shall
vote against it. As a measure of peace or com-
promise, it will be unacceptable to the South. The
reasons assigned for his opposition, by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] in his
report to the House, satisfy me that this measure
might result in increasing, rather than in allaying,
the excitement in the South.
At the last session of Congress, I voted to re-
peal the slave code and the law regulating peon-
age in tliisTerritory;though 1 acknowledge now,
as I did then, her light, under the act organizing
the Territory, to establish slavery. These odious
laws must first be modified or repealed by the
Territory before I would consent to vote for a bill
to authorize the formation of a State government
by her people, or for her admission as a State.
The character of the population—being a mixture
of ]\I exicansand Indians, extremely ignorant, and
speakinga different language from ours—renders
a longer pupilage necessary before besto wing upon
her the rights of sovereignty. The statement just
made by the Delegate from this Terutory, [Mr.
Otero,] corroborates all that has been said as to
the inability of the people there to sustain a State
government. He said:
" Now Mexico pnvs to the minister* of religion theio—
the Catholic idic'ion—uioie than the taxation of the people
of New H-imp-hne Not a hin^le comity in the Temtory
i-. in ifeht. The Temtoiy is not m debt. We have got no
ducct taxation; hut wo have mdiicct taxation.
If the indirect taxation 13 now greater in this
Terutory than the entire tax of New Hampshire,
it is very evident that a people, poor as these are
represented to be, could not bear the additional
burden of a State government. But, sir, I will
not repeat the arguments that have been urged
against this measure. It is enough to know that
it will not contribute to the object for which it is
proposed—the conciliation of the South.
Mr. Speaker, the declaration is frequently made
by gentlemen from both sections of the Union,
" that the day for compromises is passed." Tins
may be so; but the day for doing right is ever
present. The late of all former compromises fur-
nishes, it is true, slight ho pes lor their permanency
in the future. And to me, sir, it appears almost
certain that no compromise that can be made here
would bung back some of the States that have, so
far as they eouid, dissolved their connection with
their sister States; but the Union men in the bor-
der States should be sustained, if it can be done
without dishonor and a sacrifice of juinciple and
duty. We want their aid; they need ours; but if
they persist in demanding, not what would be
acceptable to themselves, but what will satisfy and
lestore tlie seceding States, then I fear that our
labor is m vain, and to the last tribunal of resort—
tin' people—must be earned the questions that
now divide and distract the country.
STATE OF Til ft UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. 31. MAYNARD,
OF TEN NESS ICE,
In tiif. IIousk of Represent vtivf.s,
February 6, 1861.
The Honor having tinder consideration the report from
tVu> «clevt committee nf thhtv-thtee—
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Si'CAicmi: 1 address the House under no
ordinary sense of responsibility. During the long
debate upon the report of the committee of thirty-
three I have been pained at what has seemed to
me to be an utter want of comprehension, on the
part of many gentlemen, of the great events that
daily astonish us. We are now passing through
or into. 
[At this point the House, on motion of Mr.
Harris, of Maryland, took a recess until seven
o'clock; after which Mr. Maynard resumed.]
When the House took a recess, I was just ob-
serving that during the debate that has continued
now, upon the report of the committee of thirty-
three, for some two or three weeks, I had been
painfully struck with what seemed to me an utter
want of appreciation, upon the part of many gen-
tlemen, of the condition of affairs now upon us.
We are in the midst of events of more moment, of
greater importance to the future history of the
world, than any thathave occurred in any previous
epoch in its history, so far as I have studied the
history of the world. And yet these events are
treated fluently, not to say flippantly, by gentle-
men, in the terms of " treason," " revolt," "re-
bellion," as though it were an ordinary case of a
riot or a mob. Gentlemen seem wholly unable to
apprehend the upheaval of a discontented, ag-
grieved people, numbering millions upon millions,
including many separate and independent States.
I have, from the beginmngof our troubles, been
impressed, anxiously impressed, with the same
want of appreciation upon the part of a large por-
tion of the country. As I understand the philos-
ophy of the times, the question for our decision
is this: can these confederated States remain to-
gether in one common Union, part free and part
slave? In fifteen of the thirty-four States slavery
exists as an institution, which it is not likely, in
our day at least, will be abolished, or even ma-
terially modified. It is a subject which, if the peo-
ple do not understand, they think they do; their
opinions are made up, and they will not easily
change them. On the other hand, in the remain-
ing nineteen States, slavery does not exist. It. is
there regarded, as we were told by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conicling,] a moral, a
social, and a political evil; and it is abhorred and
denounced as such. Their opinions are, doubt-
less, equally well made up; and it is not probable
that any material modification of them will be
made. These conflicting opinions I do not pro-
pose to discuss. I have never discussed them
here, and seldom elsewhere. Their discussion I
regard as exceedingly unprofitable. There has
been far too much of it already.
Then, sir, with this ineradicable difference of
opinion, with this antagonistic feeling upon this
one subject, the question arises: can these States
remain m the same Confederacy together, part free
and part slave? In that question is the source of
our present difficulties; and upon its satisfactory
solution depends their peaceable adjustment. The
distinguished gentleman who has just been elected
as Piesident of the United States is reported to
have answered it, not veiy long ago, most em-
phatically in the negative, that these States can-
not continue together part free and part slave.
Another distinguished gentleman, whom he is un-
derstood to have selected as his premier, to be the
head of his Administration, is reported to have
said, more recently, that there is an irrepressible
conflict between these States; that it must go on
until, throughout the entire country, one of the
two forms of labor overcomes and supplants the
other.
I deny the proposition in cither mode of state-
ment; and it is my business here and now—lam
sorry there are not more present to hear what I
have to say—I say, it is my business on this oc-
casion to show that there is no such irreconcilable
hostility, no such " sacred animosity," no such
" irrepressible conflict,"between these two great
classes of States, that they cannot go on together
in peace, in harmony, and with mutual advantage,
as they have gone on for the last three quarters of
a century, always, as now, part slave and part
free.
It is due, however, to both of these distinguished
gentlemen to add, that when they uttered those
opinions their minds were most likely directed
rather to the latter part of the proposition than to
the former part; that they were considering, not
the contingency of a dissolution of the Union, but
the question whether slavery would be abolished.
The dissolution of the Union they doubtless
thought impossible; the abolition of slavery very
probable. Recent occurrences, however, have
reversed the order of the proposition, and in that
reverse order I propose toconsider it. The States
being part slave and part free, can they remain
together, under a common Government, portions
of a common Confederacy? In considering this
question, there are certain complications which
surround and embarrass it, and which increase,
to a great extent, its own intrinsic difficulty.
In the first place, there are now in some of the
southern States, and have been for many years,
a number of men, not large, but men of talent,
men of respectability, of private worth, who have
believed that these two classes of States ought not
to remain in the same Confederacy. They profess
