1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
56th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
to believe it would he better for the southern States
to be separate and apart from the northern States;
at liberty to develop their peculiar civilization,
and to make in the highest degree available their
peculiar form of labor. They have been assidu-
ous to accomplish that result, and to impress their
views and convictions upon their own people.
That they are sincere, I am bound to suppose;
that they are honest, it does notbecome me to deny;
especially as I have no confidence whatever in
their theory, nor the slightest sympathy with their
policy. They have, with great sagacity, seized
upon the present popular discontent, and are now
impressing upon the public mind of the South their
long-cherished doctrines with increased vigor, and
with much more marked success than ever before.
They are disunionists for the sake of disunion.
That is one of the difficulties which complicates
this question. Anothergrows out of the manifest
disposition of foreign Governments to interfere
with our affairs. I refer especially to England.
Any one who has observed her relations with this
country, for years past, cannot fail to have been
impressed with the fact that she has sought to rend
asunder this Confederacy of States by every art
at her command, by all the means in her power.
Hers has been the old policy to foment our sec-
tional dissensions; to divide, that she might con-
quer. At the North, for the last thirty years, she
has urged on the abolition excitement by money,
by emissaries, by her literature, by the fostering
hand she has extended to the abolition agitators
on this side of the water. On the other hand, she
has held out to the people of the South the bless-
ings of free trade and dircct importation, and the
advantages to be derived from an intercourse with
her that they do not derive from their intercourse
with the free States of the North. Do not you, gen-
tlemen of the Republican party, deceive yourselves
by supposing that England is going to take part
with you, or with theNorth, in this unhappy con-
troversy. She will do no such thing. If you have
cherished such an impression, I ask you to refer
to the recent speech of Lord Palmerston, made at
theSouthampton banquet on the 8th of lastmonth;
and also to the recent articles in the British press,
especially one in the London Times of the 18th of
the same month, to which I call particular atten-
tion, because it is understood to have been pre-
pared and published by authority. You will there
readily discover the intimation of an intention on
the part of the English Government to recognize
the existence of a southern confederacy as soon
as it shall be organized, or in their estimation
become a government de facto.
The reception by M. Thouvenel, the French
Minister of Foreign Affairs, of the commission-
ers of South Carolina, is an indication of what
vou may expect from that Government. With
France and England united in support of a south-
ern confederacy—France and England united and
interfering to prevent coercion by the Federal
Government of the seceding States—you will find
all the civilized world arrayed with them on the
same side. More than that: you will find your
own Government compelled to succumb before
the array of opinion and influence that will be
brought to bear upon it, and forced into a recog-
nition of the seceding States, either as coordinate
and coequal members in the Confederacy, or as a
separate and independent Government out of it.
To this humiliating attitude may we never be re-
duced ! But, as a divided people, can we escape
it ? Believe me, this greatexample of republican
liberty does not stand m full view of the monarchs
of Europe without exciting their jealousy, and
arousing every disposition in their minds to over-
power and annihilate it. It is certainly their in-
terest to do so. Is their inclination, tlnnk you,at
variance with their interest? Our present troubles
afford too tempting an opportunity for them to
neglect; they will not neglect it.
It is also unfortunate, in the present attitude of
affairs, that it should be for the interest of your
party, not only that these six States should have
seceded, but that, having seceded, they should
remain outside of the Union; that your President
elect should be reported to have said, when first
informed of their contemplated secession," Why,
then, we shall be enabled the more easily to get
our nominations through the Senate." All that
is unfortunate. It complicates still further the
presentquestion,andgreatlyembarrasses its con-
sideration.
Peculiarly unfortunate in this juncture is it that
we have an Administration which enjoys neither
the affection nor the respect of scarcely a man,
woman, or child in the country. A President
without a party, denounced all over the country
as imbecile and -corrupt, showing Himself une-
qual to every emergency that has arisen, is a sorry
dependence to guide the ship of State through the
midnight tempests of revolution. And to make
confusion worse confounded, all the misdoings
and short-comings of the Administration have
been charged indiscriminately upon the entire
South. "It is a southern Administration;" " the
President is sold to the slaveholders," has been
the preposterous cry; until it has gained large
credence,and,possibly,is almost believed bythc
malicious wags who first started it; when, if the
South had been canvassed from the capes of Del-
aware to Corpus Christi, it would long since have
been difficult to find one hundred men who would
publicly defend him, much less vindicate him
privately. Why, in the six Democratic presi-
dential conventions, held during the last year, and
all of them upon southern soil, I do not remem-
ber that a single delegate ever proposed the usual
courtesy to die retiring President of a compli-
mentary resolution. Yet, throughout the North
the people of the South are arraigned at the bar of
public opinion, by the politicians, the press, and
even the pulpit, and held to answer for the mal-
administration of Mr. Buchanan, in addition to all
the enormities charged upon his Cabinet officers.
It does not relieve our present embarrassments
that the President elect is, to say the least of it, a
gentleman of whom but very little is known to the
country. We are told that he is an honest man.
That, indeed, is something; but I hope the period
has not yet arrived in American history when
honesty shall have become so very rare as to be
a vaunted qualification for the Presidency. Still,
it is a qualification quite primary and very indis-
pensable; as much as that a clerk should be able
to read and write. Born in the wilds of Kentucky,
reared in the wilds of Illinois, his whole experience
in public life confined to a single term of scrvice in
Congress—-and what that is, we all very well know
—he became prominent, I may say, altogether
from having two years ago taken a hand with the
Administration in the great game against the "Lit-
tle Giant," for the senatorship of Illinois, and in
this way was known over the country as the man
Mr. Douglas had nominally beaten in his great
triumph over the constituted leaders of his party.
That is the man, these his antecedents, who is so
soon to take charge of the Government and to
control its public affairs. What can we reasona-
bly expect from such a Chief Magistrate in a time
like this ? a mere wisp in the hands of those who
shall succeed in getting around his person. Com-
plaints are made very generally that he gives no
intimation of his policy; that he docs not speak,
and let the country know what lie is going to do.
I imagine that he keeps silence for the very good
and sufficient reason that he has nothing to say.
But all this only serves to complicate still more
the grave and difficult question that is upon us
for our decision, and which still recurs: can these
States remain confederated, partly slave and partly
free?
You sometimes ask us why it is that the ques-
tion comes up now? What has b^en clone, you
inquire, to give it such present emphasis ? What
wrongs has the South sustained; what grievances
has she borne? Have we not elecied our Presi-
dent by constitutional majorities in a constitu-
tional way? These queries are propounded with
all the simplicity of an innocence wholly uncon-
scious of guile. Allow me, Mr. Speaker, to touch
at the causes by which this fearful issue has been
precipitated upon the country now. I will not
recount the occurrences of the last twenty-five or
thirty years to show the rapid increase of the
spirit of anti-slavery, abolitionism, freo-soihsm,
or whatever term this popular delusion has from
time to time assumed. I will not follow up its
history; it is quite unnecessary. Suffice it that
this movement of hostility to slavery, this anti-
southern crusade, culminated on the Gth of No-
vember, in the election of gentlemen from the free
States to the first offices m the Government by
the vote of the entire freeStates, excepting a por-
tion of New Jersey, through the organization of
a party that holds no other d&ctrine in common
than the one principle of antagonism to the South
and to the institution of slavery. For, disguise it
as we will, that is the onlycommon ground upon
which all the members of the dominant party can
consistently stand. That is the logic of your posi-
tion, as a sectional party. At least it is generally
so regarded by the people of the South
Mr. Speaker, I do not design to be unkind. I
shall try to be serious,and lmean to be respect-
ful. I beseech you, gentlemen, to look at your
own party, if you have never done so, and see of
what heterogeneous elements it is composed.
Old Whigs and old Democrats; followers of
Thomas Jefferson, admirers of Alexander Ham-
ilton; friends of Jackson, friends of Clay; ma-
sons, anti-masons; " barnburners," " hunkers;"
"renters," " anti -renters ;V "Woolly-heads;"
"silver-grays;" Know Nothings, Americans,
foreigners, Catholics; protective-tariff men, free-
trade men; bank men, bullion men; radicals, con-
servatives; men of strict construction, and men of
no construction; men of unquestionable political
honesty, and men whose honesty I will not ven-
ture to call into question; men of all grades of
political sentiment, all shades of political opinion,
all bedded together, heads and heels, covered by
a single blanket, and that woven of African -wool.
Such is the dapple hue of the party that has inau-
gurated itself to the head of public affairs, and is
about to take the Government into control.
You complain that your party is misunderstood
in the South; that it is misrepresented. That is
very true. It is doubtless greatly misunderstood
by southern people, and most likely it always
will be misunderstood. It is an ineradicable,
incurable defect of your party. It is one that
will always attach to every sectional party.
Such a party will always be misrepresented and
misunderstood in the other section. That was
early pointed out by him whose parting counsels
you ought to have heeded, as one of the dangers
incident to political parties formed upon a geo-
graphical basis. But allow me to suggest, this
misunderstanding is not owing, as was intimated
the other day by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Conkling,] to the uncandid comments of
your Opposition press. Not at all. It is owing
to the republication throughout the South of the
speeches of your own ultra men—men who stand
boldly and defiantly inside of your own organi-
zation, and whom you dare notoffend,much less
set aside; but whose most violent speeches you
are constrained to publish through your central
executive committees. Take the speech delivered
the other day by the same gentleman who made
the complaint. I venture to say that it will not
be two weeks before" elegantextracts"—morceaux
prccicux—from that fine performance will be found
floating all through the South. The same remark
will apply with less force to the highly finished
speech made to-day by my distinguished friend,
the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Humphrey.] A
member of extreme opinions, and supposed to
have disunion proclivities, sitting near me during
the delivery of the speech, remarked in my hear-
ing that he wished every man, woman, and child
( in his State could read it. For the same reason, I
j hoped that no man, woman, or child in my State
i would rend it, or any extracts from it. They
! would acquire a very erroneous conception of its
, author, whom I have long known to be a much
i kindlier man than the perusal of his speech would
1 ever lead anybody to suppose.
| Tims it is that you have been misrepresented,
! if at all. Certainly, this is the true reason why
| you are not better comprehended by the south"
! ern people. Your salads are served up to them
| with pepper, but without the oil. They read your
] sharp, rmgingspeeches, carefully written and pol-
| ishedfor the admiring eyesoffriendsathome, who
| will read them with breath suppressed and shud-
i dering anxiety. Can men say such thingsandlive?
] But they never hear the soft words whispered into
j our ears, which serve to convince usthat the sever-
i ity of the bite will bem an in verse ratio to thesono-
i rosity of the bark. While your ultra speeches go
! into the South, and are there read by hundreds
( and thousands, your more moderate ones never
i find their way there; and if they did, I do not see
