1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other. Then It was our duty, as it was our privilege, to set
forth the principles on which this Government reposed, and
which must be maintained, or the Government cannot exist.
They were the principles upon which this great battle was
fought, that resulted in the election of Mr. Lincoln."
Before I take up that proposition in connection
with what I said before, I wish to say here that,
had the Senator avowed the doctrine prior to the
last presidential election that he avowed here in
reply to me, expressing his secession and dis-
union sentiments, I give it as my opinion that he
could not have obtained ten thousand votes in the
State of Tennessee m the last election, and I think
I know what I say. I give that, however, simply
as my opinion.
But to come back to the point at which the Sen-
ator speaks of the resolutions introduced by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] I had
referred to those resolutions to show that there
was no occasion for this immediate secession with-
out giving the people time to think or understand
what was to be done. I thought so then, and 1
think so now; and I want to show what the Sen-
ator's views were then, and see what has brought
about such a change upon his mind since. We
find that while those resolutions were under con-
sideration, Mr. Clingman offered an amendment,
to come in after the fourth resolution, to insert the
following:
" Resolved, That the existing condition of the Territories
of the United States does not requne the intervention of
Congress (or the protection of piopeity in slaves.
'•On the question to agree to the amendment proposed
by Mr. Brown, to wit: Strike out of the amendment the
word i not,'
" it was determined in the negative—yeas fi, nays 43."
Now, by striking out the word "not," it makes
the resolution read:
" Resolved, That thecxistlnsj condition of the Territories
of the united States does icquire the intci vention of Con-
gress tor the piotection of propoity in slaves.7'
Mr. Brown', of Mississippi, moved to strike
out the word " not," thereby making it read that
the condition of the Territories does require the
protection of Congress for slave property; and
upon the yeas and nays being taken oil that mo-
tion to strike out the word " not," there were 
yeas 5, nays 43.
" On motion of Mr. Clingxan,
" The vcas and nays being desired by one fifth of the
Senators present,
" Those who voted in the a ffirmative are: Messrs. Brown,
Clay, Iveison, Johnson ofAikansas, Yulee.
" Those who voted 111 tile negative aie : Me«ri. Denia-
rnin, liijrler, Bingham, Bias*, Hright, Chandler, Ohe*-nut
Clail[,CI:ngman,Collainer, Crittenden. Davi-s, Dixon, Doo-
Iitllc, Fitzpatrick, I' oot, Gieen, G win, Hale, R J anil til, Ham-
mond, Hemphill. Hunter. Johnson or Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Malloiy, Mason, Nicholson, 1'earee Folk
Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Shdell.TenEycI:, Toombs'
Tiumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wii.-.on.'1
Thus, forty-three Senators recorded their vote
during the last session of Congress that it was
not necessary to pass a law to protect slavery in
the Territories. The Senator from Oregon, in
connection with other Senators, under the solemn
sanction of an oath, declared that it was not ne-
cessary to pass laws for the protection of slavery
in the Territories. What right has South Caro-
lina lost since the last session ? What right has
any State lost since the iast session of Congress?
You declared that it was not necessary to pass a
law to protect them in the enjoyment of their
property in the Territories; and now, forsooth,
m the short space of two or three moons, you
turn around and tell the country that States are
justified in going out of the Union because Con*
gress will not pass a law to protect them in the
enjoyment of their property in the Territories,
when you said it was not necessary! That is
what I call driving the nail in. [Laughter.] 1
will remark, as I go along, that the eloquent and
distinguished Senator who made his valedictory
here yesterday, on retiring from the Senate, voted
for that identical resolution. This protection was
not necessary then. They said it was wholly
unnecesary. But since that, they have waked up
to a sense of its necessity, and resolved to secede
if it should not be granted. To this same prop-
osition i\Jr. Albert G.Broivn offered an amend- ,
rnent. Mark you, this is the 25th day of May, |
1S63; and that is not long ago-
On motion by Air. Drown, to amend the resolution by
sinking out all aittr the woild 'lesoived,' and ill lieu
thereoi, inserting: "
I wish I had the whole continent here to hear
this paragraph.
" That experience having already shown that the Con-
749
stitution and the common law, unaided by statutory enact-
ment, do not afford adequate and sufficient protection to
slave property; some of the Territories having failed, otheis
having refused to pass such enactments, it has become the
duty of Congress to interpo&e and pass such laws as will
afford to slave pioperty in the Terntoties that protection
which is given to other kinds of property."
That is a pretty clear proposition. Upon that,
Mr. Brown made an argument, showing the num-
ber of slaves in the Territories, and the action of
the Legislatures, and concluded that if the time
ever would arrive, it was then before Congress,
and they should pass a law on the subject. What
was the vote upon that? How does it stand?
We find, after an argument being made by Mr.
Brown, showing that the necessity did exist,ac-
cording to his argument, the vote upon the prop-
osition stood thus: The question being taken by
yeas and nays, it was determined in the negative
—yeas 3, nays 42.
Forty-two Senators voted that you did not need
protection; that slavery was not in danger.
"The yeas and nays being desired by one fifth of the
Senators present,
11 Those who voted in the affirmative are: Messrs. Brown,
Johnson of AiKansas, Mallory."
There were only three. Who said it was not
necessary? Who declared, under the solemn sanc-
tion of an oath, that protection was not needed ?
" Those who voted in the negative, are: " Messrs. Ben-
jamin"—
Ah! Yes; Benjamin!—
"liigler, Bragg, Bright, Chesnut, Clark, Clay, Clingman,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fitzpalnek, Foot,
Foster, Green, Games, Gwm, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill,
Hunter"—
Hunter, of Virginia, also!—
"Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane."
Ah! [Laughter.] Yes,Lane,ofOregon,voted
on the 25th day of last May, that slavery did not
need protection in the Territories. Now he will
get up and tell the American people and the Sen-
ate that he is for a State seceding, and for break-
ing up the Government, because they cannot get
what he swore they did not need. [Laughter.]
That is what I call putting the nail through.
[Laughter in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The galleries must preserve order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then, after
voting that it was not necessary to have a prop-
osition to protect slavery in the Territories, the
original proposition, as amended, was adopted by
a vote of 35 yeas to 2 nays; thus voting all the
waythrough, even to the final actionof the Senate,
that no such protection was necessary. You have
not got protection, your rights, your equality; and
then you tell me that I have done you injustice by
defending you against the charge tha^you were in
favor of a dissolution of the Union! Even if you
approved it, it would only show that I was mis-
taken. You deceived me that time; that was your
fault. The next time ltwill bemine. Iassumed,on
that occasion, in reference to the act of ratification
of the Constitution by the State of Virginia, that
so far as I was capable of examining it, Virginia
had made no reservation, no condition, in her rat-
ification of the Constitution of the United States.
I had examined the question; I had looked at all
the authorities that could be found upon the sub-
ject, and I could find no warrant for the asser-
tion; but still the Senator from Oregon, in his reply
to me, spoke with great familiarity of the pro-
ceedings of that convention ratifying the Consti-
tution, as though he understood it; and with great
confidence said it had made a reservation. 1 will
read what he said:
aThat gallant old fUate of Virginia, that glorious Old
Dominion, made a condition upon which she adopted the
Constitution. It became a portion of the compact. And
not only Viiginia, but New York, made the same condition
when she adopted the Constitution ; and Rhode Island
also."
He spoke with great confidence in this reply to
me. He then said:
" Now, I would ask the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, if the time has not amved when these States ought to
icsume the powers conferred on a Federal Government;
ot if it has not, I should like to know when the time can
come."
After declaring under the solemn sanction of an j
oath that no protection was needed, and nothing j
else has since transpired, he wants to know when
the time will come, if it has not come, that they
will be justified in breaking* up this Confederacy?
I saw a good deal of the confusion that was here
that evening; the books were run around and fig-
ured about. Sometimes a man had a great-deal
better read a thing and understand it before he
pitches into it. I will not say that that is the case
with the honorable Senator, fori should proceed
upon the idea that he was laboring* under the im-
pression that he understood it exactly. It is not
a very uncommon occurrence to be mistaken,
feometimes the mistake results from a want of ex-
amination ; sometimes from an incapacity to under-
stand the subject, and various other causes. So
it is that it occurs very frequently we labor under
false impressions. We find when we come to
examine this subject of the ratification of the Con-
stitution ^ by Virginia, that a committee was ap-
pointed m the convention of Virginia, aifd that
that committee reportedasetof resolutions. They
reported one resolution in lieu of the preamble
That resolution is as follows:
" Resolved, Tim previous to the ratification of the new
Constitution of Government recommended by the late Fed-
eral convention, a declaration of rights, asserting and secur-
ing from encroachment the great principles of civil and
religious liberty, and the inalienable rights of the people,
together with amendments to the moat exceptionable parts
of the said Constitution of Government, ought to be referred
by this convention to the other States in the American Con-
federacy for their consideration.'"—Elliot's Debates on the
Federal Constitution, vol. 3, p. 653.
Here was a proposition making conditions; and
upon a vote to adopt this amendment it was voted
down—ayes 80, noes 88. Then, what follows?
The committee reported an ordinance adopting
the Constitution of the United States; but in their
ordinance they go on and make a kind of pream-
ble, or a whereas, a declaration as to their under-
standing—not conditions, not reservations—but a
declaration of their understanding. What do they
say:
{; We, the delegates ofthe people of Virginia, duly elected
in pmsuance of a recommendation from the General As-
sembly, and now met in convention, having fully and freely
investigated and discussed the proceedings of the Federal
convention, and being prepared as well a.-} the mo?t mature
deliberations bath enabled us, to decide thereon"—
Now, mark you—
"do, in the name and in the behalf of the people of Vir-
ginia, declare and make known, that the powers granted
under the Constitution, being derived from the people of
the United States, be lesumed by them whensoever the
«ime shall be perveited to their injurv or oppression." 
Elliot's Debates on the Federal Constitution, vol. 3, p. 656.
They declare, in behalf of Virginia, that the
powers of the Constitution are derived from the
people of the United States, to " be resumed by
them whenever they shall be converted to their
injury or oppression." Who is to resume them?
The people of the United States. That idea was
always inculcated by James Madison. What
more do they say? This is not the ratifying
clause. They say:
" With these impressions"—
Not these conditions, not these reservations—
" With the«e impressions, with a solemn appeal to the
Seaicher of hearts, for the purity of our intentions, and
under the conviction that whatsoever imperfections may
exist in the Constitution, ought rather to be examined in
the mode prescribed therein, than to bring the Union into
danger by delay with a hope of obtaining amendments pre-
vious to the ratification."
Now comes the ordinance of adoption; and
what is it:
"We, the said delegates, in the name and behalf of the
people of Virginia, do, by these presents, assent to and rat-
ify the Constitution, recommended on the 17th day of Sep-
tember, 1787, by the Federal Convention, for the govern-
ment ot the United States; hereby announcing toalfwhom
it may concern that the said constitution is binding upon
the said people, according to an authentic copy hereunto
annexed m the woids following."— Elliot's Debates on the
Federal Constitution, vol. 3, p. 656.
Is there any reservation or condition there ? It
seems to me that the sight of a man would be
tolerably keen that could see a condition there.
When was this? We find that Virginia adopted
that on Tuesday, June 26,1788. When did South
Carolina come into the Union? Before Virginia
did. If Virginia made a condition, South Caro-
lina was already in. How many States were in ?
The covenant was formed and had been ratified
hv nine States before Virginia came into the
Union. The idea of Virginia appending condi-
tions after the Government was formed and the
Constitution ratified by nine Siatps !
But, to make this thing more clear, Mr. Madi-
son, while in Now York, received a letter from
Mr. Hamilton, stating that he had some doubts
as to the ratification of the Constitution by New
York; that thoy wanted some conditions, and one
condition was, that they might have the privilege to
