166
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIOjSTAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
very clearly how that would remedy the evil. It
strikes mc as falling within the category of Mr.
Randolph's celebrated proposition, if a single ad-
dled egg finds its way into the pudding, the addi-
tion of a dozen now laid ones will not make it
sweet. This is not a new idea, nor original with
me. The same thing was pointed out to your
party for its consideration four years ago, by my
honorable friend from Maryland, [Mr. H. Win-
ter Davis,] your colleague, Mr. Speaker, (Mr.
Harris, of Maryland, in the chair as Speaker
pro tempore,) in a speech which is reported at page
125 of the Appendix to the Congressional Globe
for the third session of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress. I crave permission to read a single pas-
sage as expressing more clearly what I would say
than any words which I can command. Of course
you are familiar with it. He says:
"The condition on which alone any party can fitly and
safely be intrusted with ^he Government, is the possession of
power and friends enough everywhere to carry on the Gov-
ernment with the men of the State to bo governed—so that
a domestic Government shall not assume the form of a for-
eign domination. Instruments of any power may always
everywhere be found; but office in such hands -pat lakes of
the nature of despotism, and s>uch men alone were at the
dtepoeal of the Republican party in one half of the States of
the Union. They would doubtless have tendered high office
to men of high position in the South; but the condition pie-
cedent, of conformity of political views and principles, was
wanting. They could not aid in forming nn Administra-
tion to whose creation and whose policy they were radi-
cally opposed. Thus, practically, the Republican party
must have employed southern men who represented no body
of southern supporters, or noithein men, to conduct the
Government; and that is what is meant by a puiely sec-
tional party—their radical and incurable defect.^
I beg you, gentlemen, again to read that portion
of the speech addressed especially to you; and
then answer to yourselves the tremendous ques-
tion which is asked respecting your party," why
cumbers it the ground ?"
You have, however, succeeded. The people of
the Soutli look with apprehension upon yoursuc-
cess. Members of your party have, in various
ways, sought to assail them, and they apprehend
the attempt will be more vigorously renewed.
They apprehend an ultimate purpose to interfere
with slavery everywhere within the jurisdiction
of the Government—in the District of Columbia,
in the dock-yards, forts, and arsenals, and (o in-
terfere with the traffic in slaves from State to State;
and those who look more to the effect of moral
causes, also apprehend that you will use the influ-
ence of your Administration against the institu-
tion of slavery itself; that the fact of being a slave-
holder shall make a man a pariah—an outcast in
your Government; and as it already practically
excludes him from the high offices of Piesident
and Vice President, so it shull exclude him from
the Cabinet, from executive offices, from diplo-
matic service, from honorable rank m the Army
and the Navy; exclude him wherever the Govern-
ment has power to represent itself by appointment.
This apprehension, quickened by the conscious-
ness that the South is in a hopeless political mi-
nority in every branch of the Government, has
precipitated upon the country the great issue of
Union or disunion, of peace or war; you say, pre-
cipitated untimely and without cause. To the eye
of the statesman no popular movement is without
cause, or occurs before its time. I was glad to
hear the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] the other day, admit that there wen;
causes for the present discontents. He, with tin*
gentleman behind me, from the Cincinnati district,
of Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] are the only north-
ern members, so far as I have observed, who have
conceded that there were grievances* Stirling up
the minds and hearts of ten million men, worthy
of being respectfully considered and candidly
treated.
The question then recurs: can these States re-
main together in one Confederacy, part slave and
part free? They have done so, as I have stated,
for the last three quarters of a century, honoia-
bty, prosperously, and for the most part happily.
I believe they may yet do so. By the same pro-
found policy which united them in the beginning,
they may still be held together. When the Gov-
ernment was first established,itwas not done by
assimilating uncongenial institutions, nor by har-
monizing conflicting opinions, incapable of being
brought into harmony; it was by compromise, by
mutual concession, each section conceding some-
thing to the other. And from that day to this, in
every extremity of our peril, the same spirit has
always been invoked, and never in vain. At a
very eaily period of this session, when difficulty
was apprehended—not perhaps in a form as ex-
traordinary as it now assumes—a general recur-
rence was had to the old settlement of 1820, when
a line was drawn through the territory we then
claimed to own, dividing the northern and south-
ern portions of the Confederacy. It was proposed
to reestablish and restore that old compromise
line, that we might again live together in peace as
we had done under it before for upwards of thirty
years. That idea suggested itself nottoonealone,
but to many simultaneously. More than one
member from New York entertained it. My col-
league, who sits before me, [Mr. Nelson,] as I
happen to know, prepared a proposition, and had
it ready to bring forward, when itwas offered by
the distinguished and venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] I shall not discuss
that proposition. It has already been ably dis-
cussed by two of my colleagues, [Messrs. Nel-
son and CIuarles.] It is enough to say it is the
old proposition, upon the abolition of which you
profess to have formed your party.
Indulge me, I pray, in a single word of expla-
nation and expostulation. You speak of this
proposition as the offer of the South. It is not,
believe me, the offer of the South. It is the offer
of the Union men of the South—the men who
are willing to go farther in the work of concilia-
tion than he who goes furthest. It is the offer
made by those men of the South who were op-
posed originally to the repeal of the Missouri
compromise line—men who thought it ought not
to have been repealed. The offer comes from them.
Why, have you forgotten, pray tell mc, that when
itwas proposed to obliterate that line, a distin-
guished Senator from my State (Mr. Bell) used
his utmost influence to prevent it, advocated its
continuance and perpetuity, for which, when he
returned home, he was supplanted and set aside?
He made a sacrifice of himself, not to restore
peace, but to prevent strife. Have you forgotten
that? Ay, certainly you have forgotten it; for
when that eminent .statesman was piesented to
you last summer as a candidate for the officc of
President, hi; hardly received, at your hands, as
many votes as are to be found upon the petition
over which you were quarreling here the other
day.
Again, sir: when these men—men who were
opposed originally and always to the repeal of
the Missouri compromise line—ha\e come back,
headed by the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky, and, as the only reparation in their power,
luive offeied to restote it in order that we might
live together in peace, as before, how are they
met5 How is he met, the eloquent old man?
With taunt and reproach and derisive words, and
sly insinuations either that he has fallen into his
dotage, or has "sold himself out to the Democ-
racy.1' Well might he say with him of Uz, "Now
they that are younger than I have me in derision,
whose lathers I would have disdained to have set
with ihe dogs of my flock." You sometimes
complain of southern mgiatitude towuids northern
friends. 1 admit that instances have occuricd in
which, I think, this complaint is well founded.
But it surely does not lie iu yourmouths to make
it. After having, in 1844, by your votes forBir-
ney, in the State of New York, defeated the peer-
less statesman of the West; after ha\in£, in 1860,
turned the cold shoulder upon Mr. Bell; after
having, m 1861, scouted and insulted the aged Sen-
ator who vso recently led you to victory against
what you decried as a foul conspiracy to de-
stroy the libei ties of an embryo State, but who
now comes as an embassador for the South, a
herald of peace, with offerings of peace tendered
in all the sincerity of a sad and patriotic heart, and
imploring you to reciprocate, in behalf of his peo-
ple, the kind offices you were so ready to accept
from him in behalf of your own; you, at least,
should never complain of ingratitude: never, never!
1 beg you to understand that 1 speak m no spirit
of unkindness: I appreciate fully the difficulties of
your position in being called upon, at this early
day, to engage in the work of conciliation, of
peace, and harmony. You who, through your
orators and your presses, have derided and de-
nounced " Union-saving," and " Union-savers,"
as beneath the contemptof respectable men, could
hardly be expected to engage in the work of sav-
ing the Umon yourselves. Having denounced all
those who have shown favor and kindness towaids
the people of the South as 44 dough-faces," as
" hunkeis," and I know not what other terms of
reproach besides, you could hardly be expected
to expose yourselves to a retaliation of the same
sort of epithets. When I heard a gentleman, the
other day, denouncing, with so much vigor and
energy, the idea of compromise and concession
to southern " rebels " and " traitors " as unworthy
the free-born sons of freedom, and derogatory in
the highest degree to their vertebral i igidity,I con-
fess itseemed quite unreasonable to expect him to
do anything which would provoke the bitterest
zealot in the land to brand him with the ominous
word "doughface," and thus mar the beauty of
his radiant visage. He would doubtless esteem it
decorous and pleasant to die for his country; but
not to make such an unheard of sacrifice for it
as this. 1 do not expect—I do not ask you, your-
selves, to come forward as conciliators; but I do
ask you—and this much I think we have a right
to ask—in the name and in behalf of the Union
men of the South, to let us have tin expression of
the sentiments of your people; let us go to your
ballot-boxes, and meet them there. Admit us to
the presence of your masters. That poor boon
you may grant. That you ought to grant. You
can do it without any disparagement, without
dishonor, without discredit, and without imperil-
ing your own political security. If the people
heed our entreaties, and vote for these proposi-
tions, why then your policy in referring the ques-
tion to them is vindicated; if they vote against
them, then you are justified in not having your-
selves adopted them. So that, in either event,
whether the people adopt this great measure of
healing, or reject it, you are personally secure.
You, at least, are in no peril; you incur not the
slightest hazard. Surely, surely, this small favor
you ought to concede, in a time like this, to the
judgment of the Union men of the South, who
come to you and tell you that unless you give
them something m the way, not of concession,
but of guarantee, of pledge, of assurance, with
which they can go before the people, they can no
longer fight the battles of the Union upon their
own soil.
Mr. EDGERTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man, if we submit the proposition to the people
of the United States, will the gentleman guaran-
ty to noi them men the right to go into the south-
ern States and advocate our principles, and pledge
us that we shall be unharmed, as we will pledge
ourselves to them ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will guaranty, so far as
I have the power to guaranty, whether it is sub-
mitted to the people or not, that the gentleman
may go into my part of the country, and advocate
any and every principle that he thinks proper to do,
unharmed and undisturbed; and, moreovcy, that
he shall share the full benefit of the largest and
most liberal hospitality, even according to Ken-
tucky notions of hospitality, for one day, or two
days, or three days, or any reasonable length of
time, so long as he yields obedience to our laws
and behaves himself as a gentleman.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 see the gentleman evades
my question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not at all, if I under-
stood it.
Mr. EDGERTON. If I understand the south-
ern rule of behaving like a gentleman, it is to con-
form to the views of the ruling power. I ask the
gentleman, if we can go into the slaveholding
States and discuss our opinions before the people
there without let or hindrance? He proposes to
submit these questions to the people, Now, I
suggest that it is unfair to submit any question to
the people, when in one half of the Union those
who advocate one side of the question are pres-
cinded from being heard by mobs, if not by law,
v Mr. MAYNARD. I will not take time to dis-
cuss here, and m this presence, what it takes to
constitute a gentleman,
Mr. EDGERTON. Will the gentleman answer
my question?
Mr. MAYNARD, I give the gentleman the
same answer that I gave him in the first instance:
