18G1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Keps.
that, so long as he conforms to the laws of our
Suite, and behaves himself as a gentleman, he will
be treated as such. What he might think the
proper mode of discussing his principles, what
time, what occasion, to whom, when, and where,
of course I could not undertake to say; and 1
hope he will pardon mc for adding, that with the
very limited extent that I have had the pleasure
to cultivate his personal acquaintance, it would be
pledging myself for him and becoming his sponsor
to an extent that I am not willing to do. 1 do not
hesitate to say, however, for I wish to be per-
fectly candid, that were he or his associates to go
into any part of the South, and attempt the exer-
cise of what they call " free speech,5' after the
manner they have attempted it in some portions
of the North, they would meet with a receplion
similar to their late receptions in Boston, New
York, New Haven, Albany, Syracuse, and other
northern citics. No well-ordurcd community that
I was ever acquainted with would allow the de-
cencies of society and the feelings of its citizens
to be outraged with impunity.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will permit me, I will answer the question
of the gentleman from Ohio, i undertake to say
that in the State of Kentucky where I reside, and
i believe throughout the border States of this
Union, and I will go further and say, m all the
slaveholding States of this Union, any gentleman
from the State of Ohio, or from any of the free
Stntes of this Union, could go and, with perfect
impunity, without the least hazard of danger to
himself, discuss this whole question of slavery in
the Territories which is involved here now in the
Cuttenden proposition, as fully and as fairly as
he can do it in any one of the free States of tins
Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a fact known to every
gentleman familiar with that part of the country,
that this question has been discussed time and
again before vast assemblages of every class of
the community, of both sexes and both colors. I
speak of the entire South.
But it is asked why we press especially the
Crittenden proposition? I will tell you. In the
firstplace,the name of Mr. Crittenden has given
it influence, power, and credit, with the whole
people. The country has responded to it both
from the North and from the South. Go to your
Clerk's desk, and read the thousands and tens of
thousands of petitions praying us to adopt it. The
action of State Legislatures, the action of public
meetings, the action of public men and of private
citizens, all over the country, points to it as a
mode of conciliation and adjustment that will be
acceptable to the popular mind ail over the coun-
try. With such indications of public sentiment,
I think we oughtnotto putaside this proposition,
and to treat it with disregard. It is not light. It
is unjust to those gathering multitudes who have
presented themselves before us as petitioners, ask-
ing us to settle our difficulties upon this old basis,
the readoption of which will place us where we
were prior to the unfortunate legislation of 1854.
But it is said—and a grave argument is pressed
upon the House and upon the country—that the
provision in the Crittenden proposition for terri-
tory to be hereafter acquired is unwise and ob-
jectionable. It is understood that this was not a
"part of Mr. Crittenden's original proposition,
but an amendment made subsequently to its intro-
duction ; and 1 will say, very frankly, that for my-
self I attach no importance to it whatever. 1 am
willing to accept the Crittenden proposition either
as it came from Ins hand unamended, or with this
amendment. I may suggest, however, that this
provision indicates a pvettv strong self-conscious-
ness on the part of those wiio have adopted it. I
believe I have never read or heard of but one in-
stance equal to it—one that occurred in the pro-
fessional career of the celebrated Daniel O'Con null
Onone occasion,after he had succeeded, bya most
brilliant forensic effort, in acquitting a very noto-
rious horse thief, amd the whole fraternity came
flocking to greet him and shake hands over the
result, one of them more enthusiastic than the rest
exclaimed in the ecstacy of the moment, "Mr.
O'Connell, I want you to defend mc the next time
I steal a horse." That we—I mean the people of
the United States; we that call ourselves Anglo-
Saxons; the men that have subdued so large a
portion of the North American continent—that we
shall eventually subdue, overcome, conquer, or
settle, or whatever term you please to employ, the
rest of the continent, is, I think, beyond thedoubt
of any reasonable man; but I am perfectly willing
to leave the mode of that acquisition, the time of
it, and the disposition to be made of the territory
after its acquisition, with the other events that lie
before us in the teeming future, to the high arbit-
rament of destiny. Hence I am not anxious
either to provide for the mode by which we shall
acquire future territory, as is done by some of the
propositions for settlement, or the disposition we
shall make of it after we get it. We will wait till
the favoring time comes, and acquire it as best
we can; then we can dispose of it as we think
rij^ht.
Mr. Speaker, before I conclude, indulge me in
another word to my Republican friends, to whom,
I find, I have addressed a large portion of my re-
marks A series of measures has been introduced
into this House looking to belligerent operations
against the States that have already seceded. As
a friend of the Union, I implore you to attempt no
such policy. I submit that it will be ineffective;
that it is unwise: and that it will be attended with
evil, and only evil. You may wage war; but, be-
lieve me, the moment you \vog« war, you array
the entire South, a* one man, in behalfof the por-
tion that is attacked. It is as when a brother is
assailed, all his brethren rush to his rescue, not
stopping to inquire whether, in the contest, he be
right or wrong. I beg you will forego any such
policy as that. Tiust to us, the Union men of the
South—I say the Union men, not the Union party
men—trust to us, the Union men of the South.
Give us pledges, assurances, guarantees, with
which we can go before our people and satisfy
them that their lights shall not be invaded; that
their equality in the Union shall be maintained
inviolate: that the privileges which they lmve
hitherto enjoyed ^hail still be preserved; and I
pledge you that we will return jour forts and
arsenals, your ships and navy-yards, your mints
and bullion. We will do it without the firing of
a gun; without the shedding of a drop of blood.
We will do it through the peaceful remedy of the
ballot-box. No honor shall be assailed; no self-
respect shall be lost; but we will restore this Gov-
ernment to the high and palmy sLute in which it
existed before these troubles bioke out. Again,
and again, I beg that you will trust us. I entreat
you to believ us. We can do all this; you cannot;
you never can. Then we will unite to aid you in
administering theGovernmont soon to be devolved
upon you, as we have aided another Administra-
tion than which yours may possibly be better;
it can hardly be worse. And for this, we expect
no reward. We neither desire, nor will we accept,
your high Cabinet places, your offices, your posts
of honor and emolument. We want none of them.
We are serving not you or your party; but the
country. We arc laboring to preserve it only;
and when your four years shall have rolled round,
as soon they must,then, by the. blessing of God,
and the good sense of the American people, we
will relieve you of this tremendous responsibility,
and place the Government in the hands of other
men, good, national, and patriotic men, of a party
that shall embrace within its organization every
one of the thirty-four States. [Applause in the
galleries,] I trust, then, that all these measures
of coercion; that all this thought of bloodshed,
of fleets and armies, of forts and garrisons, and
militaiy posts, will be abandoned; and that you
will listen 10 men who, you ought to know, if you
do not, are as patriotic as you are; that love the
country as well as you love it; that have made
sacrifices for it that you never have made. I trust
that you will listen to them; that you will not
spurn their counsels; that you will not turn a deaf
ear to their entreaties; but that you will accept
the offer which they have made you—the offer of
peace, of conciliation. Give us, for once, a gen-
erous confidencc; and if you are patriots, as I
hope you are, and as you profess to he, yon shall
never have occasion to regret—certainly the coun-
try shall have no occasion to regret; mankind
shall have no occasion to regret—that the interests :
of the nation were, in this calamitous time, in-
trusted to our hands. Do not hope, by any mere
administrative expedients, to calm the discontents
of an aggrieved people. Neither the bestowal of
patronage nor the exhibition of power will avail.
Listen to their grievances; remove the causes of
their discontent. Whole peoples are never con-
sciously wrong, and must not be proceeded against
as criminals. They are never corrupt, and can-
not be purchased with bribes.
A great coordinate assemblage has convened at
the metropolis, called together by this exigent
crisis in public affairs. Men all unused to the
dust and strife of politics, men ermined and robed
from the bench, men from the deep and retired
scclusion of private life, have been sent here to
consult on the great rights and great interests now
at stake. I pray that they shall not be turned
away unheeded. I beseech you that their impor-
tunities, their urgent appeals, shall not be disre-
garded by you; for, believe me, if they go back
to their people with words of despair on their lips,
with feelings of despair in their hearts, the effect
will be most momentous and most disastrous.
You will regret it in a day when regrets will be
vain. I trust, therefore, that you will not so far
forget the duties thutyou owe to yourcountry in
this dark hour, as to turn a deaf ear to men who
can have no motive whatever to mislead you, who
can have no possible inducement to give false coun-
sel; men who have been always true to the coun-
try; men who have contented themselves to live all
their lives in hopeless political minorities, because
they would adhere to what they believed to be
principle, rather than follow a successful party;
who deemed it better to be right than to be in
power. Such men I beg you will not disregard;
but that you will heed their words of warning in
your legislative action, with a sense of the high
responsibility that rests upon you. For I concur
most heartily with you, sir, in the opinion which
you ventured to express the other aay, in oppo-
sition to that of a colleague of mine, [Mr, Ether-
idge .] that wc are not here as three hundred hack-
men, gathered from the streets of a great city;
that we arc not here even as the same number of
any other American citizens, from whateverquar-
ter assembled; that we have been selected to repre-
sent large, respectable, interested, anxious con-
stituencies. They arc looking, and they have a
right to look, with painful solicitude to our delib-
erations. They will hold us responsible; and
woe, woe, to him who, in the day of our account-
ability, shall be found wanting; woe, woe, to him
who shall have done nothing, no less than to him
who shall have done wrong! At such a juncture
inaction is the action of all others the most fatal.
Mr. Speaker, I know not that any words of mine
or of others will affect the result of these delib-
erations. I know that, in great crises, conclu-
sions are very apt to be foregone. I know that
men are at such timesgoverned by considerations
which cannot be reached by any words either of
wisdom or of folly, i have availed myself of this
present opportunity to leave on record to those
who come after me, if they shall ever think it
worth while to know, my views and opinions in
the present state of affairs, unwilling, as I was, to
preserve a sullen, unyielding silence in this time
of the country's peril.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. WILLIAM ALLEN,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of tlurty-threo—
Mr. ALLEN said:
Mr. Speaker: A.s the Representative of an in-
telligent and patriotic constituency, I desire to be
heard upon the pending report, which relates to a
matter of vital importance to the people of every
section of this country—the preservation of the
American Union. Our country has never before
been, and I trust never will again be, so near the
verge of hopeless ruin. I need scarcely refer to
the many disasters which have befallen us; they
are being realized to the remotest parts of the Con-
federacy by the people of every age, sex, and con-
dition. Our national Treasury is bankrupt; our
national credit depreciated; public and individual
