t5 2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
the United States, to declare it to be my solemn
conviction that if every one of those measures
•were to be now adopted by the unanimous voice
of the members of this House and of the Senate,
that fact would produce no effect in arresting the
current that is sweeping State after State out of
this Confederacy.
Many of these measures may be right in them-
selves, but they propose no radical, no effectual
remedies, no removal of the causes of difficulty.
The admission of a portion of the existing ter-
ritory of the United States into the Union as a
State establishes no principle, recognizes no right,
produces no result in the adjustment of this ques-
tion—theterritorial question—which has been the
maincause in bringing about the present condition
of things. If it be the desire of gentlemen to reach
the evil; to apply a remedy to the disease; to heal
these dissensions, and restore the Union to its old
condition, they must l.ook forward to the adoption
of constitutional amendments, to changes in the
organic law; to changes which will settle and put
forever at rest all pretexts for the agitation of this
sectional question, which has sowed the seeds of
bitterness and hate between the North and South—
the opposing portions of the Union. They must
look forward to the adoption of constitutional
amendments which will settle every one of the
questions on the firm basis of clear and well de-
nned provisions in the org&nic law, and which
will take away now and forever all pretexts for
presenting to this House or the Senate petitions
calculated to stir up the seeds of these dissensions
and difficulties, which have at last resulted in
placing us in the attitude which we now occupy
in the eyes of the civilized world.
It' gentlemen, in view of the benefits which
result to our people and to the world from this
Union, cannot raise themselves to the height of
these greatacts, then—and I say it with the deepest
regret—in my view, the permanent dissolution of
this Union is inevitable. It is vain for men to
delude themselves with the expectation that the
palliatives recommended by the majority of the
committecofthirty-three are going to remove deep-
seated evils, to cure deeply-rooted diseases, and to
restore to unity this broken Confederation. If
there be not virtue enough and patriotism enough
among the representatives of the people here, and
the representatives of the States 111 the other end
of the Capitol, to arrive at that determination, and
to ripen it into action by the adoption of consti-
tutional amendments, the dissolution of the Union
is inevitable; and then we must be prepared, and
you must be prepared, to meet another question
—the question as to the position which the two
sections of this Confederacy arc to occupy with
regard to each other when the act of dissolution
has become complete.
We owe it to ourselves, we owe it to the world,
if we can no longer live together in peace, if we
can no longer dwell together as brethren in unity,
that, like the patriarchs of old, we should separate
without contention; that if one goes north, the
other shall go south; and that we should dwell—
each portion of our people by themselves, and in
their own tents—in peace. Is that to lie the result?
It is for the people of the northern States, and for
the Representatives of the people of the northern
States, to determine that question. Many say that
if these States which have now declared, in the most
solemn manner ever yet witnessed in the civilized
world, theirdetermination to sever the bonds which
have heretofore united them to the other States
and made us one people, are to be permitted to
do so, this Government ceases to be a Govern-
ment. If gentlemen of the remaining States are
under the impiession that it is necessary to vindi-
cate the fact that aGovcrnment exists, by the sub-
jugation ofenun willing people by the employment
of force, and should act upon that impression and
upon that view, what will be the result? Do they
flatter themselves that what they express, when
they say that the laws shall be enforced and the
Union maintained, is to be accomplished by the
operation oflaw, by the acts of the civil magistrate,
by the quiet and peaceful execution of judgments
rendered by the courts m the ordinary couisc of !
judicial proceedings ? Let them not flatter them-
selves that 1 Ins is to take place. The people of
those States which have taken a position of in-
dependence, who declare their determination to
maintain that independence by arms, will have re-
course to those means which nature and ail human
society recognize as legitimate and proper to be
employed by every people when their rights are
invaded.
But gentleman say the Constitution was in-
tended to be perpetual; that the Government is to
be eternal; that 110 State can secede without the
consent of her sister States. Mr. Speaker, I have
no disposition to enter it^o a discussion upon the
character of our Government or the right ofStates
constitutionally to secede. But I say this: that it
is a principle recognized by all the writers upon
the public law of the world that have ever given
their thoughts to mankind; that it is a principle
recognized by the action4of this Government in
all past time as a nation; that it is a principle
which has always hitherto been recognized by
the whole American people, that the right of rev-
olution exists and is inherent in the members of
all organized communities.
Mr. McKEAN. If the honorable gentleman will
indulge me, I desire to say that I know of many
patriotic friends of the Union upon this floor who
have desired for weeks to speak in behalf of the
Union, who have not been able to get the floor.
I now ask the Chair what question is before the
House of which the gentleman from the seceding
State of Louisiana is discussing.
Mr. TAYLOR. Does the House give me per-
mission to go on ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McKEAN. I rise to a question of order:
that there is 110 question before the House upon
which the gentleman from Louisiana can proceed
with his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana, about to leave the House, desired to be heard,
and the House gave permission.
Mr. McKEAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Spinwf.r] made objection before the
commencement of the gentleman's remarks.
The SPEAKER. Objection was made by the
gentleman from New Yo'ik to printing the paper
presented by the gentleman from Louisiana, but
he did not object to the remarks of the gentleman.
The gentleman from Louisiana will procccd.
Mr. TAYLOR. I was just proceeding to state
that whatever might be the opinions of gentle-
men in respect to abstract questions of constitu-
tional law, there is hut one opinion in the whole
world in relation to the existence of the right of
revolution That right has been shown to"exist
by all recorded history. It was by the exercise of
that right that we came into existence as a nation;
and smcc our existence as a nation it has been out-
settled policy to recognize the existence of that
right everywhere. Any one who chooses to look
into our national records will discover that, in
every instance where a people have taken up arms
for the purpose of vindicating their rights against
a Government with which they had been con-
nected, it has been the settled practice of this
Government to recognize them as an independent
State whenever their authority, in fact, extended
throughout their territorial limits; and that, too,
notwithstanding the Government from which they
separated still denied their independence, and con-
tinued to assert their lights over them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what will be the condition
of this people if the remaining portion of these
Slates, 111 violation of that principle under which
this Government came into existence, and in vio-
lation of that principle which has been recognized
by all the departments of the Federal Govern-
ment during our whole existence as a nation,
should choose to make use of violence and mili-
tary force for the purpose of preserving the se-
ceding States in thei- connection with the Union ? .
Why, sir, they will be engaged in war. It will
not be action for the maintenance of the Union—
the enforcement of the laws. It will be war—
open, actual war. Great armies will be in the
field; and this country, which has heretofore been
engaged in the peaceful pursuits of life, for the
creation of material wealth, for the advancement
of civilization and the spread of the arts and sci-
ences, and for the promotion of the prosperity
and happiness of its population, will be so no
longer. It will be subjected to all the evils of war.
The two sections into which it will be divided
will constitute two opposing nations as completely
as though they had never been united under one
Government; and the people of each will be en-
gaged, not in laboring for the advancement of
their own interests, not in contributing the fruits
of their industry to swell the commerce of the
world, and to add to the comforts and enjoyments
of mankind, but in the work of seeing how much
mischief they can do to each other. Their sons
will go to recruit armies to meet in hostile com-
bat, and their substance will be consumed in pay-
ing the taxes levied to keep armies in the field
and fleets upon the sea, until, at last, after years,
perhaps, of calamity and suffering, and when
bowed down by the burdens which the necessi-
ties of war will impose, and when overwhelmed
with debt, they will be compelled to make peace
from mere exhaustion, and leave the question be-
tween the two sections just where it was when
the war began.
But who can say that we would be allowed to
go on in waging a war so senseless? When our
Union has ceased to exist upon the solid founda-
tions of the affections of all portions of the Ameri-
can people, we shall descend at once from our
rank among the nations of the earth. Our voice
will then be no longer potential enough to pro-
tect America from European intervention; and it
may happen that our own affairs, if you of the
North are mad enough to warupon your brethren
because they are 110 longer willing to live with you
under the same Government, may be the first to
call for the interposition of European Powers in
the common interest of mankind. And what a
spectacle shall we then present to the world! We
that forbade all European intervention on this
continent—and whose prohibition was respected—
compelled, by our weakness, to submit to it our-
selves. And now, let me ask, will not England
and France command the peace if you of the North
determine on war? And will they not have the
right to do so in their own interest and for yours?
Owing to the peculiar condition in which we are
placed, owing to the peculiar condition of that por-
tion of the United States which has seceded from
the remainder of the States, evils, of such a nature
as the world never before saw, will shake your
society, will shake the society of a large portion
of the civilized world to their very foundations if
such a war as that may bring on should be con-
tinued but for a"single year.
Mr. Speaker, the markets of the world are sup-
plied by cotton grown upon our southern soil.
To-day the industry of our northern brethren is
supplied to the extent of millions by the raw ma-
terial which it furnishes.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Louisiana allow me for a single moment? I sup-
posed the gentleman from Louisiana, when he
asked the indulgence of the House, desired to
make some remarks, personal to himself, upon
his withdrawal from the House; and with that
understanding 1 certainly, for one, refiained to
interpose objection. But I find he is going into
an elaborate discussion of the differences arising
out of the disturbed condition of the country, cer-
tainly calling for a reply. I desire to state further,
that to a gentleman speaking by unanimous con-
sent, the hour rule does not apply. I hope the gen-
tleman from Louisiana will not abuse the courtesy
of the House by going into a general discussion
of these questions.
Mr. BOUL1GNY. I hope gentlemen will not
interfere with the right of my colleague to the
floor. He is making his last speech upon this
floor, before withdrawing from the House; and
I do not think it is very polite to interfere with
him.
Mr. TAYLOR. Those gentlemen who remain
upon this floor will have an opportunity of speak-
ing in reply to anything I may utter, if anything
I may say may, in their opinion, deserve a reply.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR. I was proceeding to say that
our northern brethren consume now in their man-
ufactories some eight hundred thousand bales of
cotton annually; that, by their industry and the
employment of their capital, they give it a value
which reaches the amount yearly of not less than
$1-"20,000,000. Gross the ocean, and in England
there arc nearly three million bales employed in
her manufacturing establishments, to which Eng-
lish capital and English labor give such a value
that the fabrics made of it have a value in the com-
merce of Great Britain which reaches to-day to
at least $700,000,000. And upon the continent of
Europe the value of the manufactures out of the
