754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
isiana yield to an interruption"? I promise to be
brief.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. SICKLES. As the gentleman- is disposed
to discuss the question of war and peace, and as
he discusses every question with signal ability, I
desire to inquire of him, if blockade be an act of
war, whether,in hisjudgment, war has notatready
been initiated by measures of a yet more-aggress-
ive character,namely,theseizureof United States
forts, of public vessels of vaar of the United States,
and the spoliation of the mint and the public
moneys of the United States ? If that be so, then
are not the measures of the Government of which
he has spoken essentially defensive in their char-
acter, and rendered inevitable, imperative upon the
people and the Government of the United States,-
m protection of their dignity, their rights, and
their honor?
Mr, TAYLOR. I regret that the gentleman
from New York has asked the question he has,
because it will only compel me to extend further
the remarks I rose to submit. I say to him, as
I would say to all, in the spirit of frankness, that
when this Congress came together, and itbecame
unmistakably manifest that it was the determina-
tion of the southern people, of a portion of the
United States, under the influence of what they
conceived to be aggressions upon their rights—
under the influence of apprehensions which they
entertained with respect to their future quiet and
security—to have recourse to the right of revolu-
tion: upon this floor, and in the other end of the
Capitol,declarations were made which were equiv-
alent to the assertion of a right and of a determ-
ination, on the part of a majority of these States,
to hold the southern people in subjection; to re-
duce them to acondition worse, worse by far, than
thatunder which the people of Ireland groaned for
ccnturics, and under which India now groans at
the footstool of British power; then, sir 
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will call his attention back to the point I
made.
Mr. TAYLOR. I prefer not to yield.
Mr. SICKLES. I understand the gentleman
to decline to yield to me.
Mr. TAYLOR. I prefer not to yield.
Under the circumstances in which they then
stood, if it were their seiious purpose to assert
the right of revolution, and to take the attitude of
sovereign States, as an incident to the exercise
of that right, it was also their duty to see that
these fortresses, which had been erected upon
their soil, n t for the purpose of holding them in
obedience, but for the purpose of repulsing for-
eign invaders from our shores—it was their duty,
I say, to prevent these fortresses and armaments
from being made use of by those men, who held
to so monstrous a doctrine, for the purpose of
eflVctini; their subjugation.
Mr. SPINNER. I make apointof ordcrupon
the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will conclude in a few min-
utes.
Mr. SPINNER. I make the point of order;
and I insist on it. I want to know whether it is
competent for a member, sworn to support the
Constitution of the. United States, to stand upon
the floor of the House of Representatives and
boldly avow, advocate, and justify treason to the
United States, and to defend the stealing of Uni-
ted States forts, United States arsenals, United
States hospitals, and United States ships ? I make
the point of order, and I want it decided.
Mr. RUST. Let the Chair decide the gentle-
man's point of order.
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana avows, I believe, that he is no longer a
member of this House; yet he justifies in this
House the spoliation of property of this Govern-
ment, Is it competent for him to stand here and
defend acts of insult and disgrace to this Govern-
ment?
1 ho SPEAKER. The House should have
considered that when consent was given to the
gentleman from Louisiana to submit his remarks.
Mr. SPINNER. The House yielded to a per-
sonal explanation. They had no idea he would
indulge in the remarks he has.
Mr. RUST. I call the gentleman from New
York to order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let the gentleman
proceed to take his farewell from us,
Mr.TAYLOR. I have said if the United States
send ships to blockade our ports, and if the armies
of the United States invade the soil of the seced-
ing States, that would be war; and that when the
first blow is struck, the spirit of southern nation-
ality will leap from the hearts of the southern
people, " like Pallas all armed;" and that State
after State will array themselves under her guid-
ance, until every southern State will be banded
together to maintain that independence which all
will have declared, and to vindicate the right of
their people to exercise for themselves all the
powers of self-government. When that blow is
struck, gentlemen, let me tell you, whatever you
may think to the contrary, that the people of the
State of Maryland, in which the first act was
done which led to the formation of the existing
Government, will come to the rescue. The sons
of Virginia, the mother of States and of statesmen,
will come to the rescue. And the children of
Kentucky, the dark and bloody ground, will come
to the rescue. When that blow is struck, North
Carolina will awake; and from her mountains
and her valleys will stream that people who have
never yet failed to hear the calls of duty, or the
demands of honor. Tennessee will send forth her
thousands filled with the memories of the patri-
otic dead whose remains now repose in her soil—
the hero of the last war—Andrew Jackson. And
even the hardy pioneers of Missouri, one of the
younger of the sisters, will, like their own mighty
river when at the flood, rush to the assistance of
their southern brethren; and then such a conflict
asthis world has never yet witnessed will be upon
us. Fields which are now filled with men en-
gaged in the employments of ordinary life will be
trenched with the march of war, and every hill-
side will be the scene of combat, and the streams
of every valley will run with blood. But I will
not look upon the horrid picture which a swift-
coming future may but too soon, perhaps, force
upon the unwilling gaze.
For myself, it is my purpose now to withdraw
from this body,and to return to my home ill Lou-
isiana. I have no desire or wish, when I arrive
there, of taking any part m the proceedings of the
day. It is my intention to live in quiet at my
own home, and pursue tin; oidinary occupations
of life; but if that day of war comes, then I, as
one of the people of Louisiana, shall feel it to ho
my duty to take up arms in her defense; and I
say to you now, gentlemen, though within the
limits of that State there are still a portion of her
people who desire a continuance of the Union, if
that be possible, upon such a basis as would be
just and right to the South, that if that dread day
comes, there will not be found upon her soil one
single man who will not be ready to meet the in-
vaders of his country, and to shed his blood in
her defense.
Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen of the House of
Representatives, I now bid you farewell. But
I do not leave you entirely without hope that
these unhappy differences may yet be adjusted in
such a manner as will lead to the reconstruction
of the Union on such a basis as will make it per-
petual. For one, I cannot yet believe that the
American people have so far forgotten the great
principles of true republicanism, under whose in-
fluence they arrived at such a pitch of greatness,
as not to be willing to do that which is right and
just in order to restore the Federal Government
to the old condition, and thus insure its perpetu-
ation to the remotest posterity. If, unhappily,
however, the hope I entertain should not be real-
ized, because ofthe existence of the pride of power;
because of a perversion of the public mind of the
North to such a degree that it will no longer tol-
erate the principles of genuine republicanism, or
permit the exeicise of the right of self-government
by any other but themselves, then indeed I can
say that I have been deceived in my judgment of
the American people.
Under the influence of that hope I shall bid you
farewell, in the expectation that we may yet meet
together in these Halls. If we do, why then
" we'll smile." But if that hope is disappointed,
and we are to hereafter stand in hostile opposition
to each other, then,to continue the language which
the poet has put into the mouth of the great Ro-
man, on taking leave of his friend, upon the eve
of that conflict which was to determine whether
freedom should continue to exist in the Roman
world, or her people should be delivered over to
the iron rule of imperial domination exerted
through the forms of their old republican institur
tions, I can only say;
"This parting was well made."
Mr. BOULIGNY obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
gentleman from Louisiana will proceed.
Mr. LOVE JOY. I object. [Cries of " No!"
"No!"all over the House.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
will withdraw his objection, we will grant him
consent to speak when he takes his leave. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will withdraw my objec-
tion, provided itis to be a Union speech. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BOULIGNY. I take this occasion to ex-
press my regret that I am not able to agree with
the honoiable Senators from my State, and with
my colleague who has just taken his scat, [Mr.
Taveor.] although I entertain the greatest regard
for their opinions. In the outset, permit me to say
that until a few moments ago, I was in the same
condition with my colleague, not having received
official information of the passage of the ordinance
of secession by the convention of my State. Nor
have I received from the Legislature of my State,
now in session, any information of the passage
by that body of a resolution instructing her Sen-
ators, o„r requesting her Representatives, to with-
draw from Cbngress. For one, although I re-
spect that body, I shall not. obey its request. I
was not elected by that body, and I have nothing
to do with it, or it with me.
In reference to the convention, I will say that
I respect that body, as I do the Legislature of my
State. Many of its members are my personal
and intimate friends; but I think they have shown
discourtesy tome when they have not even thought
proper to send me a copy of their ordinance of
secession; certainly, I shall pay it no attention
until it is communicated to me. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, there is another reason which
compels me to differ with the Senators and Rep-
resentatives of my State. I am the only member
of Congress from Louisiana who was elected as
an American Union-man. To those principles I
shall stand forever. [Great applause in the gal-
leries.]
Again; when I came here, I took the oath to
sustain the Constitution of the United States.
What docs that mean? Does not the Constitu-
tion of the United States mean the Union of the
United States? I so understand it; and to that
oath I shall adhere firmly to the end. Whenever
I am instructed by my immediate constituents,
and am requested by them to withdraw from Con-
gress, I shall comply with those instructions as
soon as they are received. Then, and not until
then, I shall resign; and after resigning my posi-
tion here, I shall yet be a Union man, and stand
underthe flag ofthe country which gave me birth.
[Great applause in the galleries and on the floor.]
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the Senate amendments to the deficiency bill.
The amendments will be read and considered in
their order.
First amendment of the Senate:
For tile compensation anil mileage of Senators, §13,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee ofthe Whole
on.the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
For the contingent expenses ofthe Senate, " for miscel-
laneous items," $3,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee ofthe Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in that amendment, with an amendment, as
follows:
For contingent expenses of the Senate and House of
Representatives, namely:.
For additional police for the Capitol, payable by the Sen-
ate, ^1,096 97; and for additional poiiee tor the Capitol,
payable by the House of Representatives, §1,098 97.
To supply deficiencies m tile appromia'tion for taking the
eighth census, $437,000
For expenses of select committee appointed under the res-
olution ^ot the House of Representatives of 24th Decembei,
1860, $5,000; and for expenses of select committee made bv
ordei of the House of Representatives of 9ih of Jamiaiy,
1861, §3,000, making $8,000; and that the said sum shall
be added to the miscellaneous item of the contingent fund
of the House.
