HO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Hatton.
Ho. of Reps.
cessions. It will not do for one section to de-
mand a compromise upon certain terms, and reject
all others. Each Representative here must be ex-
pected to act as he can answer to his constituents
and to his conscience. But in doing this, liberal
concessions can be made by all parties, without
giving offense to the former or doing violence to
the latter.
My proposition for a settlement would be, to
let the people, both in our present and future ac-
quired territory, settle the question of slavery for
themselves, in such a manner as to place it beyond
the control or responsibility of the Government.
But, in supporting such a proposition, I would
make no sacrifice, but would simply be carrying
out my views of the true policy upon this ques-
tion. I must, therefore, be ready to acccpt other
propositions for a settlement of our difficulties.
And I will ever be found ready to make all honor-
able concessions, when, by doing so, I can aid in
restoring fraternal relations between the sections,
and settling the question which has given rise to
our unhappy difficulties. I shall vote for the prop-
osition reported by the chairman of the committee
of thirty-three, Mr. Corwin; and would willingly
support other propositions which have been of-
fered here for the purpose of terminating our trou-
bles. The most important of the propositions
reported by the chairman of this committee is
that which proposes theadmission of the territory
-south of 36°30'at once as a State, with such con-
stitution as the majority of the people may determ-
ine. This should at once settle all dispute as to our
present territorial possessions.
If, after making all honorable concessions, and
using all the means within our power to prevent
the fearful spread of revolution, our offers for
peace are rejected and our appeals unheard, by
those who are madly rushing forward and drag-
ging their countrymen after them into the awful
abyss of anarchy and civil war, the responsibility
will not rest upon us; our ruined countrymen
cannot reproach us with being the authors of their
misfortunes, however great. Surely no one who
has a spark of humanity, to say nothing of pa-
triotism, desires to see the country plunged into
a civil war. The majority of ihe people in the
North, I am satisfied, are opposed to war, if it
can be avoided; but there must be a limit to the
demands of the secessionists. If they carry their
movements too far, they may exasperate the most
moderate of the northern people. The seizure of
the forts, arsenals, navy-yards, custom-houses,
and vessels of the Government by the people of
the seceding States, firing upon its vessels, strik-
ing down us flag, and the many other acts recently
committed under the alleged right of secession, if
persisted in, will eventually arouse among the
Union-loving people of the count: y a kspii it of ie-
taliation as terrible as they have been forbear-
ing, and which will be deaf to all existing com-
plaints, if these things continue. The acts of the
speeding States nre not justified by any existing
provocation.
Thequestion for the Government to decide will
not be whether it will coerce, but whether it will
he cocrced into submission. 1 make these sugges-
tions with the kindestfeeling toward my country-
men in al! sections; but these are stubborn facts
which I cannot overlook. The State which I,
in part, represent, contains among its population
many who owe their nativity to .southern soil, and
who are bound to the southern people by ties of
consanguinity, as well as of nationality. Situated
on the border, separated from the slavehokiing
States of Kentucky and Virginia only by the Ohio
river, our relations with the southern people are
intimate, and our interests, in many respects, iden-
tical. We have a common interest in the navigation
of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and a common
interest in maintaining those relations which se-
cui e usequaland uninterrupted rights in those great
channels of commerce. The southern States want
our trade: and we want theirs, except their negroes.
Why should our relations of peace and amity and
kindness be destroyed in an angry strife equally
hazardous to both sections?
Within the confines of the district which I have
the honor to represent is the " bloody ground''
upon which occurred the frightful massacre of
our countrymen, memorable in the country's his-
tory, and known as St. Glair's defeat*, where the
gallant Wayne afterwards established a fort, which
he called Recovery, and where a flourishing village
now stands, bearing the latter name. There lie
moldering in the dust the bones of six hundred
valiant patriots who fell beneath the cruel war-
fare of the savages of the forest, who, in overpow-
ering numbers, arrested the progress of the Amer-
ican Army when marching forth in defense of the
early pioneers of the northwestern territory. The
brave sons of Kentucky and Virginia were then
willing to peril their lives in the protection of our
citizens, and in opening that vast territory to the
peaceful pursuits of civilizedlife. Our peopleare
capable of appreciating the magnanimity of those
gallant sons of the South who periled and sacri-
ficed their lives for the protection of our infant
settlements. It would indeed be base ingratitude
in us, now that we have grown prosperous and
powerful, if we were found willing, upon the first
and slightest pretext, to fly to arms, and engage
in a bloody conflict with the descendants of our
kind benefactors.
The recollection by our people of the disinter-
ested and self-sacrificing patriotism of those heroes
of the southern States who poured their blood
upon our soil, and left their bones as mementoes
of their valor, if we were governed by no higher
obligations, would be sufficient to restrain us from
seeking a collision with our southern brethren; '
and the recollection of their brave sires who sleep
upon our soil should restrain the people of the
South from doing any act which might precipitate
the States in a fraternal war, and again drench our
land with blood. Let the recollection of their
brave ancestors, and their chivalric deeds, restrain
them from willingly surrendering the graves of
their countrymen to the jurisdiction of a foreign
Government. Every feeling ofour nature and every
feeling of humanity shrinks from a contemplation
of such a war as that which must aiise between
the sections of this Confederacy, if moderation
and forbearance do not characterize the counsels
and proceedings of the people of all sections. Im-
agination cannot depict the sorrows and calamities
which must not only befall our people, but also
the oppressed .subjects of foreign Powers who are
looking to our Government as a beacon-light, by
which ihcy hope to be guided into a safe delivei-
ance from the tyianny of their despotic rulers.
I rejoice to learn that Virginia, the "proud Old
Dominion, "tJiemotherofPrcsidentsandofStatos,
the mother of the great Northwest, from whence
I hail, has, by the voice, as recently expressed, of
her patriotic and chivalric sons, declared her dispo-
sition to forbear for a time, to give time for delib-
eration and reflection, with the hope of a reconcilia-
tion—with the earnest desire that some measure
may be devised and consummated that will satisfy
the conservative people of all sections. I trust thata
like spirit will pie vail among the people of the other
border States. I know the people of these States
have some cause of complaint against the North.
The Constitution has sometimes been disregarded,
and the laws violated to their injury. I regret it.
I believe the majority of the people of the North
arc opposed to these violations of the national
compact. Although, in the bitterness of party
feeling, they may have supported men and meas-
ures giving countenance to them, yet, after see-
ing and feeling the results of this unwananted in-
terference with the affairs of the people of the
South, I believe they will not only oppose, but
use every effort to suppress, violations of law,
which may impair the rights of the people of the
South and disturb fraternal relations between us.
Let the people of all our sister States who are
now considering the propriety of disunion pause
before they reach the brink of revolution, and pon-
der well th<; perils into which they precipitate
themselves and their countrymen, by fallinginto
line with the now retreating column.
Under a vague expectation of providing for
their better security and future protection, may
they not sacrifice peace, and liberty itself, to the
wild ambition of designing demagogues?
In conclusion, let me entreat my compeers here,
and my countrymen everywhere, to unitcat once,
to unite speedily, upon some measure which will
quiet the storm which rages around us, and dis-
pel the dark cloud of disunion which lowers over
our heads, that we may again bask in the sun-
shine of national prosperity and happiness, and
transmit unsullied to future generations the pre-
cious charge committed to our care, of our na-
tional independence and national honor.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. B. HATTON,
OF TENNESSEE,
• In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. HATTON said:
Mr. Speaker: The honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] who addressed the
House last upon yesterday, prefaced his speech
with the remark—which has constituted the open-
ing of almost every other speech during this ses-
sion—that " we are in the midst of revolution, "
Six States, Mr. Speaker—among them two of
the original thirteen—have, within the last forty
days, violently torn themselves loose from the
Federal Government, and proclaimed themselves
separate and independent States. Others are pre-
paringtofollowtheirexample. Our country, until
recently so peaceful and quiet, is being rapidly
changed into a great camp of armed men. War,
civil war, with all its train of attendant furies, is
imminent.
Can nothing be done to stay this revolution?
If not,itwillsweepusall to a common ruin. Can
nothing be done to save the Government from
utter destruction ? I address this question espe-
cially to the Republican party. Your leader upon
this floor, [Mr. Sherman,] in this debate re-
marked, a few days since, that if it was not done,
and " this Republic foil, liberty would die." Can-
not the curse of civil war be averted ? If not, as
that distinguished gentleman on the same occasion
said," the condition of our country North, South,
East, and West, will be worse than that of Mex-
ico;" our fair land scourged and blighted as by the
hand of an angry God, will be divided into frag-
ments, in which "military despotisms will be sub-
stituted for the will of the people."
Mr. Speaker, that gentleman earnestly appealed
to members from the border slave States to arrest
this storm, and give " time for peace and concilia-
tion. " Sir, 1 appeal to him, and to his party upon
this floor, for the means by which its arrest may
be made possible. You have the power. Itisiti
your hands. Shall we have it; or will you refuse
it? The struggle between those who would hast-
ily dissolve the Govcrnmentand those who would
preserve it, is going on before you. Six engage-
ments between these forces, the first in South
Carolina and the last m Louisiana, have been
fought. In every instance our friends have been
borne down. Are you indifferent as to the result
of those still in progress? If you are not, I ask
you to place in our hands the weapons of concilia-
tion and concession, with which we may cleave
the armor of ouradversaries. Then, ours will be
the certain and peaceful triumph—the triumph of
the Union and the law. Give us that which will
enable us certainly to assure the people of our
State of your purpose to deal fairly and justly
with them. Then, you may reasonably appeal to
us to stay the storm. Do that, and we will with
alacrity, buoyant with hope and confidentof vic-
tory, spring to the contest. Then, you may ex-
pect, not only that further efforts at secession will
be stopped, but that even those States which have
so abruptly withdrawn from us may return to the
sisterhood of States.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am met here, by Republi-
cans, with the oft-repeated question, ''What do
you want us to do ?" I answer you, gentlemen
of the North, wedemand nothing that it is unfair
to ask,that would bedishonorable in you to grant.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, at the outset of what I
have to say in this connection, to express my
sincere gratification at the movementalready made
in the Legislatures of a number of the northern
States, to repeal what are called their personal lib-
erty laws; laws which, without profit to the North,
are offensive to the South, and arc fruitful only of
discord and alienation between the two sections.
♦Some of you have said, " would you have our
people repeal those laws under threats?" I say,
