1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■:T 55
For expenses of removing the office of the Fourth Auditor
of the Tieasury to the apartments assigned in Winder's
building:, and for cleansing, repairing, and furnishing the
same, {$>3,508 55.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
Third amendment:
To enable the Secretary the Navy tocarry outthe con-
ditional contract made by him with the Chiriqui Improve-
ment Company and Ambrose W. Thompson on the 21st
day ofMay, 1859, for the purpose of securing to the United
States certain valuable privileges and rights specified in
said contract; and which said contract is hereby approved,
$300,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.STEVENS,ofPennsylvania. Thatamend-
mcnt was, I believe, disagreed to by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The amendment was non-
• concurred in by the Committee of the Whole on
(.lie state of the Union. The question now is,
" Will the House concur in the amendment?"
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 121; as follows:
, Y(j*S —Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An-
dei-sou, Bair, Barret, Bouligny, Brabson, Briggs, Bristow,
Biowii, Burch. Burnett, John B. Clark, John Cochrane,
J.mics Craig, Dimmick, Edrnundson, Etheridge, Ferry,
Fioience, Foster, Gilmer, iiatton, Hindman, Jenkins, Lar-
rabee, Maclay, Mallory, McKenty, Montgomery, Laban
T.Moote, Noell, Peyton, Quaries, Scott, Sickles, Simins,
William N. II. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stput, Woodruft',
and Woodson—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam«, Aldricli, Allen, Al-
ley, William C. Andeison, Ashley, Avery, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Branch, Brayton, Butfinton, Bur-
lingamc, Burnham, Butterficld, Campbell, Carey, Coburn,
Conkling, Conway, Corvvin, Burton Craige, H. Winter
l)avis!, John G. Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Edger-
toii, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, English, Farnswonh, Fenton,
Fiank, Fiench, Garnott, Gooeh, Graham, Grow, Gurley,
Hale. Hamilton, Iiaskm, Hoard, Holman, William A. How-
aid, Hughes, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Kilgore, Kilhnger,
DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Long-
neekei, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McClemand, McKean.
Ml Knight, Million, Millward, Moorhcad, Morrill, Edwara
Joy Moi ris, Isaac N.Morris,Morse, Nelson, Niblack,Nixon,
Pendleton, Perry, Pfttit, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Pivor, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, Riggs,
Cliii«topher Robmsonj James C. ltobinson, Royee, Rust,
Slifnnan, Spauldtrig, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stratum, Tappan, Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins.
Tiain,Trimble, Vallandighani, Vance, Vandever, Verrec,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.Washburn, ElJitui
B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wluteley, Wilson, Win-
dom, Wms'ow, Wood, and Wright—121.
So the amendment of the Senate was disagreed
to.
During the call,
Mr. MAYNA11D (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Harris, of Maryland, I am informed
by a friend, is detained from the House this morn-
ing ; and, at his request, I have agreed to pair with
hnn on this vote. He would have voted in the
affiimative, and I in the negative.
Mr. MORSE (when his name was called) said:
I am in favor of this measure, properly guarded
and restricted; but I think the Senate amendment
quite too loose; and I therefore vote " no."
Mr. SEDGWICK stated that he had paired off
upon this question with Mr. McPiiersov.
Mr. CAREY stated that Mr. Theaker was
absent in consequence of sickness in his family,
and had informed him that lie was paired with
some gentleman; but whether generally, or upon
this question only, he could not say.
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Rice was confined
to his house by indisposition.
Mr. PETTIT stated that he had been absent
from the House for two weeks in consequence of
indisposition.
Mr. PENDLETON announced that Mr. Mar-
tin', of Ohio, was confined to his room by indis-
position; and also, that Mr. Curtis was engaged
in attendance on the convention now sitting in
this city as one of the commissioners of the State
of Iowa.
The result of the vote having been announced
ax above recorded, the question recurred upon
agreeing to the fourth amendment of the Senate,
winch is as follows:
To enable the Superintendent of *he Public Printing to
canv into eliect the piovisions ot the joint lesoluuon in
relation to the Public Punting, appioved Junf i23, I860,
Provided, Thatno part of this- appropriation shall
be expended until the title to the property purchased shall
have been examined and approved by the Attorney General
of the United States.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams-, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldnch, Alley, Thomas L.Anderson, Barr, Barret,
Biatr, Biabson, Branch, Brayton, Bnggs, Bristow, Buffin-
ton,Burlingame, Burnham, Butterfield, Case, Coburn, John
Cochrane, Conway, Corwin, James Craig, Dawes, Delano,
Dimmick, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Florence, Fouke,
Gooeh, Graham, Gurley, Hale, Hamilton, Haskin, Ilelmick,
Hoard, William A. Howard, Hughes, Irvine, Junkin, Kill-
inger, Lee, Maelay, Mallory, Marston, McKean, McKenty,
Millson, Millward, Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Phelps, Quarles,
John H. Reynolds, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, Scott,
Scranton, Sherman, Sickles, William N. H. Smith, Spauld-
ing, Spinner, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Train,
Vallandigham, Van Wjck, Verree, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Webster, Welts, Wbiteley, Wilson, Winstow, Wood, and
Woodruff—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, William C. Anderson, Avery,
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blake, Boeoek, Brown, Burch,
Burnett, Campbell,"Carey, John B. Clark, Conkhng, Bur-
ton Craige, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Edrnundson, Eth-
eridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Foster, Gai nett, Giltner, John
T. Harris, Untton. Hindman, Hoi man. Jenkins, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lo-
gan, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Elbert S. Martin, May-
naid, McClcmand, Laban T. Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Pen-
dleton, Periy, Pettit, Peyton, Pottei, Pottle, Edwin R.
Reynolds, Royee, Rust, Simm*, Stanton, Stevenson,
Stokes, Thomas, Tompkins, Vance, Vandever, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wmdom,
Woodson, and Wuglit—67.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SPINNER (when his name was called)
said: I find that this is an appropriation to pay
this amount under contract made in pursuance
of a law of last session. I therefore vote *'ay "
Mr. HOARD (when his name was called) said:
I wish to say that, but for the existing law, which
I think imposes on us an obligation to carry out
this contract, I should vote " no." I vote "ay."
Mr. IRVINE (when his name was called) said:
Understanding this to be an executed contract on
the part of the Government, and that it is a mere
question as to the time when the payment shall
be made, I vote "ay."
Mr. HINDMAN said: I have been in the habit,
latterly, of voting with our colored friends for all
extravagant approptiations, in the hope of sink-
ing this Government irretrievably; but there is a
little too much rascality about this, and I vote
" no."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, in regard to the remaining
amendments of the Senate, was then concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes by which the amendments of the Senate
were severally agreed and disagreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House reports
from the Court of Claims, numbered from 271 to
276; which were placed upon the Private Calen-
dar, and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill, and the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill, re-
turned from the Senate with amendments, were
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, of Washington,
by unanimous consent, House bill No. 181, "to
provide for a superintendent of Indian affairs for
Washington Territory, and additional Indian
agents," was taken from the Speaker's table.
The following amendment, made by the Senate,
was concurred in:
Add at the end of the second scction of the bill, as fol-
lows :
Provided, Thatno agent or sub-agent, either special or
temporary, or, otherwise* shall be appointed, employed, or
continued in employment in Washington Territory, except
only the three agents and two sub-agents provided for by
existing law, and the additional agents provided by tliis act.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I now call up the House bill
No. 950, in relation to the postal service, which
was postponed till to-day.
INDIAN TRUST FUND BONDS.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
from Indiana allow me to offer a resolution for
reference merely?
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Let it be read by its
title; and if objection be made, 1 will withdraw it.
There being no objection, a joint resolution
making provision for the recovery of certain
bonds belonging to the Indian trust fund, and for
other purposes, was read a first and second time,
and referred to the select committee of five on that
subject.
J JOHN ROGERS.
Mr. STOKES asked and obtained the unanimous
consentof the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole House from the furtherconsideration
of House bill No. 924, granting a pension to John
Rogers, of Tennessee.
POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. COLFAX. I now call up House bill No
950, in relation to the postal service.
The bill was taken up for consideration. Its
preamble recites that in several States ofthe Union
the judges, district attorneys, and marshals, com-
missioned by the Government of the United States
for said States, having resigned their offices, and
it appears impracticable, in consequence of revo-
lutionary proceedings therein, to fill the vacancies
thus created; that the Government of the United
States is thus without any means of collecting or
enforcing in such States the payment of the postal
revenues from the officers collecting the same, or
of punishing violations of the postal laws com-
mitted by robberies of the mails or otherwise, or
of enforcing the performance of mail contracts. It
therefore enacts that in all States, which are or may
hereafter be situated as above, the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby directed to discontinue the postal
service for such period of time as in his judgment
the public interests may require, and shall report
his action to Congress.
Mr. COLFAX. I stated to the gentleman from
North Carolina the other day that before I should
ask the House to vote on this bill I would give
him the opportunity of being heard. In compli-
ance with that promise, I now yield him the floor,
with the understanding that 1 shall have it after
he gets through.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Indiana
was kind enough, on Thursday last, when this
bill came up in its regular order, in consequence
of a representation from me that I was engaged
on the select committee of five, and could not be
present, to postpone it till to-day. I desire to
make a few remarks in regard to this bill, and I
shall offer an amendment to it before I take my
seat.
11 seems to me most extraordinary, Mr. Speaker,
that a bill of the character of this, proposing to
deprive the people of a large number of the States
of the Union of their mail facilities, on the ground
that the laws in relation to the mail service in
those States cannot be executed, should be passed
without Congress being informed by the commit-
tee proposing it, or by the Post Office Depart-
ment, that any obstructions exist in those States
to the execution of those laws. We are informed
that the Post Office laws have been, up to the
present time, uniformly and faithfully executed
and obeyed in the State of South Carolina. The
postmasters in that State are regularly collecting
the postage revenues, and accounting for them to
the Government. We have not been informed
by the chairman of the Post Office Committee that
any robberies of the mail have been committed
in that State, or any other offense committed
against the Post Office laws, that have not been
amply and entirely punished, or that there are
means there in existence for punishing. When-
ever suqh a ease oceurs, and when this House
