15i6
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
is informed* that the Post Office laws- cannot
be executed in the seceding States in conse-
quence of the want of officers of the courts, it wiil
be time enough for us to consider whether any
legislation is necessary by Congress to meet the
emergency. No one knows better than the chair-
man of the Post Office Committee, that whenever
any obstructions do exist there, or whenever,
from any cause, the Postmaster General finds it
to be to the public interest to discontinue the mail
service in those States, he is vested with power,
under existing; laws, to discontinue it at his pleas-
ure. He can discontinue the mail service in every
neighborhood, in every State, in every county,
in which he finds that, from any cause, the laws
for the protection of the mails cannot, or will not,
be executed. We have already provided amply
for all the mischiefs that are likely to arise in
those States; and if any unforeseen difficulties
occur, it is not necessary for us to pass a broad
law that shall strike all the people of an entiie
section of the Union. The Postmaster General
can adjust his remedy to the difficulty that exists.
He can discontinue the mails in those States or
neighborhoods where the Post Office laws cannot
be executed. But the chairman of the Post Office
Committee proposes now, not to confine the blow
to those who offend against law, but also to make
those who are inoffensive, and who are ready to
obey every behest of the law, responsible'for the
misdeeds of others.
Mr. Speaker, we must treat these States either
as being m the Union or out of the Union. If they
are in the Union* if the Post Office Committee
acknowledge them to be in the Union, then 1 sub-
mit that it is a most ungracious act to withdraw
from them all the beneficent laws of the Union, and
to impose upon them only such of its laws as inflict
burdens ana injuries on them. If they are in the
Union, they are entitled to equal postal facilities
with the other portions of the United States. If,
however, that committee are of the opinion that
these States aie out of the Union, and arc pve-
Sared to acknowledge them as being out of the
'nion, then I have not a word to say against
it. I do not know a form in which the inde-
pendence of those States can be recognized any
better than by withdrawing from them the postal
facilities of the Government. If such be the ob-
jectof thePostOfficeCommittee in proposing this
oili, I can only say that I think they are a little
premature. I myself am not yetpreparcd to with-
draw the laws of the Union from those States,
however much I am opposed to attempt to exe-
cute those laws at the point of the sword or at
the cannon's mouth. If it is intended by this bill
to recognize the independence of those States, I
will not argue it with the chairman of the Post
Office Committee at all. lie and his friends may
take their own course in regard lo it. If they will
acknowledge the independence of those States,
that will, at least, give us security against what
I regard as the greatest ill that can bciUll our lace
on this continent—that is, civil war.
But, sir, there is a point of view 111 which I may
nnd will enter my protest against this bill. Is
the gentleman from Indiana aware that, through
all that section of country m which these seceded
States he, there exists the most intimate relation-
ship and the largest and most intimate intercouise
between the people of States that have seceded
and of those that have not? In North Carolina
and Virginia, you cannot go into a neighborhood
that is not bound to the people of (hose seceding
States by the tenderest of ties. You can scarcely
go into a household from which some member
has not gone and settled in some of those scceded
States. Our business relations are also of the
most intimate character. I know that in the State
of North Carolina there is not a county, and
scarcely a neighborhood, whore there are not
loyal and faithful citizens of this Republic who
have large property m the States that have se-
ceded. Does the gentleman from Indiana pro-
pose. in order to punish those States, to inllict
punishment also on us? Shall not my constitu-
ent, who is loyal and true to the Union, be allowed
to receive communication in regard to his plant-
ing interests in the States of Mississippi or Ala-
bama, because those States have seceded? Do
you propose to involve us in the punishment
which you inflict on our brothers? If you do, I
can only inform you that, if you regard it as a
Union-saving measure, you \yill find it prove to
be anything el*>e. Because Mississippi secedes
from the Union, is North Carolina to be punished
equally with Mississippi? How long will it be
before you bring in laws here to make it criminal,
perhaps to make it constructive treason, for us to
love the members of our households in those
States? You do not propose that we shall com-
municate with them. A citizen of Virginia can-
not write to his brother or his father who is in
the State of Mississippi. If you can do that, why
can you not also, as a means of coercing and pun-
ishing these people for what you call their act of
rebellion, declare that their brothers shall not even
love them without being guilty of constructive
treason?
I assure the honorable gentleman from Indiana
that, if his objcct is to bring back into the Union
the States that have seceded, his measure is not
only unnecessary, but it is mischievous. If you
pass such a law as this, and execute it, and fol-
low it out, you may drive out of the Union States
that arc now steadfastly in it.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot but think that this bill
is ill-considered, or not considered at all. I know
it is ill-advised. You have raised a special com-
mittee of five, to which you have referred the
whole subject growing out of the secession of
States. That committee have reported two bills
that are-now upon your table. One of them
proposes to cut off their commerce and de-
stroy their intercourse commercially with all the
world, except the people of the northern States;
the other proposes to vest in the President the
power to call out the Army and Navy; to call
for volunteers; and not confining him even within
your own limits, he may hire as many Hessians
and Swiss as he can hire in Europe to assist in
reducing to submission the seceding States, and
in taking possession of the public property now
in their^hands. These two bills, if passed into
laws, must certainly satisfy those who are most
vengeful against these States. If they become
laws, and you can succeed in executing them at
the point of the bayonet, I think every one will
admit that these States will have been sufficiently
punished for what you call their act of rebellion.
Why come in with this bill, not aimed at citizens
of these States alone, but involving in its conse-
quences the citizens of other States that have not
seceded, and are not expected to secede ? I said
it was ill-advised and unconsidered; that the Post
Office Committee could not have looked at this
bill in all its bearings, or they would have inserted
some provisions to prevent these consequences
to which I allude. I know the bill was intro-
duced into the House on one day, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and reported back to the House, I believe, on the
very next day. The committee, therefore,could
not have given it very much consideration. If
they had not been in such hot haste to cut off the
privileges of these seceding States; if they had
taken a little moie time to consider it, they could,
perhaps, have brought forward something that,
wlule it inflicted chastisement upon the seceding
States, would have also protected the States that
have not seceded.
I can assure gentlemen, I can assure the House,
that if this bill passes and you attempt to execute
its provisions, 1 do not believe that by any law
you can pass, or any measures of adjustment you
can adopt, you can keep the people of Maryland,
Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Ken-
tucky within your Union. If you undertake to
cut off intercourse and communication between
them and the seceding States, if they have one
particle of spirit about them, neither armies nor
anything else can keep them in the Union. I can
write to England, and your Government will af-
ford facilities to convey my letter to its destina-
tion. The citizen of Massachusetts can write to his
friend in Canada, and your laws furnish every
guard against any detention of his letter, and place
every possible facility in his possession for com-
municating with that friend. I can write to any
part of the world, and my letter will be carricd by
my own Government, as far as its jurisdiction
extends; and where its jurisdiction ceases, it se-
cures, by negotiation with foreign Governments,
still further guarantees for the transmission of
my letter through other countries. You, gentle-
men, do not propose to cut off any of these facil-
ities from the commercial people of the North;
; but you come here with the measure which is now
under consideration, and propose to provide that
the cotton planter of my State and th e sugar planter
in the State of Tennessee or Kentucky shall be
prevented from communicating with hi s own prop -
erty, at least on as favorable terms as he can com-
municate with England, with Canada, or with
Russia. Your bill meets not only the emergency
that you say you have t<£ provide for, but it goes
far beyond it. It not only punishes those who
have offended yoj.i, but it inflicts more serious pun-
ishment still upon those whom you yet favor with
your gracious protection.
I tell the gentleman from Indiana, that if he
passes this bill into a law, it cannot and never will
be executed, in my opinion, on the State of North
Carolina. He can take my declaration for what
it is worth; that is my opinion. Before closing,
I desire to offer an amendment, which I think will
appear so obviously just that even the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office andPost Roads
will not object to it. I move to add the following
section:
Sfo. 2. Be it further enacted, That after the mail ser-
vice has been discontinued in any State or States under the
piovisionsof the first section oi this act, it shall be the duty
of the Postmaster General, when notified that the inhabit-
ants or constituted authorities thereof have made arrange-
ments for the transportation of mails at their own and
expense, to enter mto arrangements with them for the ex-
change of mails and the reciprocal collection of postages, at
least as favorable to them as the existing arrangements with
Canada for similar purposes are to the Government and
people of that province.
Mr. COLFAX. I raise the question of order,
that fiie motion to recommit is pending, and of
course the bill is not susceptible of amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I understood the gentleman
from Indiana to yield me the floor?
Mr. COLFAX. I yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina for the purpose of
addressing the House; but the gentleman from
North Carolina is too familiar with the rules not
to be aware that no motion to amend is in order
while the motion to recommit is pending.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, sir, if the motion to
recommit isvoted down,an amendment will be in
order; and I hope I may have an opportunity of
submitting this amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate has passed, without amend-
ment, a bill of this House (No. 341) for the relief
of Moses Meeker.
Also that the Senate has passed an act (No.
547) for the relief of St. Matthew's Church, of
the city of Washington; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also that the Senate have concurred in the res-
olution, reported in part by the joint committee to
ascertain and report a mode of examining the
votes for President and Vice President of the
United States, and of notifying the persons elected
of their election; ajad have appointed Mr. Trum-
bull the teller on their part.
COUNTING OF VOTES FOR PRESIDENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
consent of the House to take up the message from
the Senate which has just been received, in refer-
once to counting the votes for the President and
Vice President elect, and act upon it.
There being no ob jection, the message was taken
from the Speaker's table and read, as follows:
In Senate of thf United States,
February 5, 1861.
Mr. Trumbull, from the joint committee appointed to
ascertain and repoitamode for examining the votes for
President and Vice President of the United States, and no-
tttjing the poisons elected of their election, submitted a
report, m part, accompanied by the following lesolution:
Resolved, That the two Houses, will assemble in the
Chamber of the Hou*e of Representatives on Wedesday,
the 13tb day of Februaty, 1861, at twelve o'clock, and the
Piesidento! the Senate shall be the Presiding Oliicer; that
one person be appointed a teller on the pari of the Senate
and two on the pait of the House of Representatives, to
make a list of the votes* as they shall be declared ; that the
icsnlt shall be delivered to the Piesideiitot the Senate, who
shall announce the state of the vote, and the persons elected,
to the two Houses, ais>eml>led as afoic&aid, which shall be
deemed a declaration of the persons elected President and
Vice President of the United States, and, together with a
li^t of the votes, be entered on the Journals ot the two
Houses.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded to con-
sider the said resolution, and agreed theieto.
Ordered, That the teller on the pait of the Senate be
appointed bv the President of the Senate.
Arid Mr. Trumbull was appointed.
Attest: ASBUliY D1CKINS, Secretary.
