1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f'5f
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the report be concurred in on the part of the
House; and that the Speaker be authorized to
appoint two members as tellers.
The motion was agreed to.
/
POSTAL SERVICE AGAIN.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, there is a legal
necessity for the passage of a bill of this charac-
ter. There is no power in any of the seceding
States to protect the mails of the United States.
There is no power in any of the seceding States
to punish any criminal offense which may be per-
petrated upon the mails. As there are no courts
there which would entertain jurisdiction of any
offense charged to have been committed in any of
the seceding States, therefore, ex necessitate rei,
the .Government of the United States must either
subject the mails to the hazard of every possible
trespass and depredation, or else withhold them
from those seceding States.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SICKLES. With pleasure.
Mr. HINDMAN. While I shall vote for this
bill, acknowledging as it does independence of the
seceding States, yet, sir, my impression is that in
the seceding States the laws of the United States
not specially declared null and void are expressly
continued in force.
Mr. SICKLES. My attention has not yet
been called to that extraordinary inconsistency.
I have yet to hear of the principle upon which a
sovereign State assertsits independence, and still
allows the laws of a foreign jurisdiction to be en-
forced within its boundaries; and I trust that no
State holding the dignified attitude which these
States claim, either as members heretofore of this
Union oras independent States, will occupy such
a position.
Mr. HINDMAN. I have no desire to inter-
rupt the gentleman unnecessarily. I do not un-
derstand it is the intention of the seceding States
that the United States shall enforce its laws within
their limits; but those laws having been enacted,
and they having previously submitted to their
enforcement within their limits, they, of their
own act, and by their own authority, provide for
their future enforcement until such time as they
shall deem fit to declare their repeal. In that I
see nothing derogatory to their assumption of
authority.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Arkansas
is a good lawyer; and I am quite confident, if he
were intrusted with the defense of a person ac-
cused of a crime upon the mails of the United
States, and the indictment was drawn in the State
of Louisiana, charging that certain offenses had
been committed by a citizen of that State, injur-
ing the property of the Government of the United
States, he would very speedily find the means of
drawing a demurrer which could not be answered,
and which would effectually screen any offender
who might be guilty of a crime upon the public
mails of this Government. I know, sir, that we
can, by treaty, where we have recognized the inde-
pendence of a State, provide for the security of
our mails in the jurisdiction of a foreign State.
But, Mr. Speaker, the independence of these
States has not been recognized by this Govern-
ment. It has not yet been recognized anywhere
or by any Government. At least, it will be con-
ceded that it is a question in abeyance. In that
position the measure proposed is the only one
consistent with principle. Certainly it cannot be
objected to as a cocrcive proposition. Far from
it. As such I could not vote for it. Il simply
amounts to this: that you propose to suspend the
operation of laws the enforcement of which is
impossible. We propose to withdraw from the
jurisdiction of a seceding State our property,
wherein it is impossible to protect it. So far as
this is a question to be considered with refeience
to individual and private inconvenience, the mer-
chants of New York will suffer, in a pecuniary
point of view, one hundred fold more than the
merchants of the South'. The seceding States are
indebted millions upon millions to the city of New
York. A large portion of this indebtedness is
wholly unavailable. Of the bills receivable, pay-
able by the seceding States, which matured in
January and February, not twenty per cent, has
been paid. The balance of trade is entirely against
the seceding States, as wo all know; and tins is
the very season of the year when the remittances,
if honorably met, are forwarded. They have not
been met, I regret to know. But, sir, they would
not be safe. I maintain, under existing legislation
and in the present condition of relations between
the United States and the seceding States, that it
would be most hazardous to forward remittances
between the seceding States and the remaining
States of the Union.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I have already remarked,
I would not vote for this as a measure of coercion;
but just so far as you can suspend the operation
of your laws upon the seceding States, you ob-
viate the necessity of coercive measures, affirma-
tively pressed by the Government of the United
States. Pending these disastrous events, I would
confine the Government of the United States strict-
ly—as far as it is possible to do it consistent with
the acts of the seceding States themselves—to a
defensive line of policy, over the public property,
over the public vessels, which are indisputably
ours, and especially over those places where
jurisdiction has been ceded to us by the south-
ern States themselves—there I would maintain
a strictly defensive attitude; and I would defend
it firmly; I would defend it adequately; I would
defend it without yielding to menaces, or to at-
tempts at coercion from any quarter, whether it
proceeded from the seceding States themselves,
or from the allies they may seek elsewhere. [Ap-
plause.]
But, with reference to affirmative measures of
coercion to be adopted on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States, there I would draw a
broad and clear line of distinction; and especially
in respect of laws the enforcement of which can
only be accomplished through the aid of the magis-
tracy. Of these, sir, the postal laws form a dis-
tinct class With respect to the revenue laws,
they are not administered by internal machinery
—at least, to any considerable extent. They may
be enforced as General Jackson proposed to en-
force them—by a ship-of-war lyingoffthc harbor,
and not encroaching upon the territorial jurisdic-
tion of a seceding State. But the postal service
cannot be so enforced. The postal service cannot
be enforced and adequate protection given to the
mails without placing within the territorial juris-
diction of a seceding State the armed power of the
United States. I speak now especially with ref-
erence to the absence of any power to protect the
property or enforce the laws by means of the
magistracy.
The United States judges have resigned, and
you cannot get a jury in any of these seceding
States that would convict a mam of an offense
against a jurisdiction which they repudiated.
Wherever the flag of the United States cannot go;
wherever the jurisdiction of the United States is
repelled and insulted; I would not trust the prop-
erty of the United States. If the money, if the
bullion in the mint at New Orleans is not safe
from spoliation; if they are willing in Louisiana
to imitate the Mexican policy of spoliation upon
property, how, sir, could you intrust your mails,
with the property of your citizens, with the dis-
patches of your Government, within the same
jurisdiction? You cannot do it.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman, under
the head of spoliation, be kind enough to explain
therecent proceeding in New York city, in which
the property of southern men was pillaged ?
Mr. SICKLES. I have yet to learn that the
arms to which the gentleman alludes belong to
southern men. No claimant has appeared, and I
am glad to know it. Mr.Toombs, 1 am reminded,
sent a telegraphic dispatch of an extraordinary
character to the Mayor of New York, to which
he scntareply equally extraordinary. [Laughter.]
If I had been the Mayor of New York, I would
have sent a different answer to the message of
Mr. Toombs, and especially in view of the men-
ace which was at the end of it; for he told the
Mayor of New York that it was important for
New York that he should know whether the aet
was justified. The loyalty of New York to south-
ern citizensshould have been exemptfrom that in-
sult. Ifl had been Mayor of New York, 1 would,
in the name of New York, have repelled it, and
have sent tins answer: " The authorities of New
York had no information whether or not those
arms wese to be used in an insurrection of the
character which John Brown initiated, or of the
character which the State of Georgia initiated,
when, before her secession, she Seized upon'the
forts and the arms of the United States; but, in
either event, they were to be used, as we believed,
for the purposes of insurrection, and therefore,
in the preservation of the public peace, I seized
them, and will' hold them against all comers."
[Applause in the galleries.] I would have sent
that answer to.Mr. Toombs; and I regret that the
Mayor of New York was so "unmindful of what
was due to my city and to his own position", as
to have sent the craven answer to which he ap-
pended his name.
But to resume the current of my argument at
the point where I yielded to the interruption of
my friend from Arkansas. Let us not, at a crisis
like this, confound ideas. Let us not confuse our
proceedings by a failure to discriminate carefully
between what we may rightfully do in the dis-
charge of our duty and what would be cruel and
unwise to do in yielding to passions. To admin-
ister this Government, to protect its property, to
guard its mails, to hold the scales of justice even
and true as between those who a?e and those who'
are not in harmony, can never b<5 Coercion, but it
is the simple and honest discharge of our sworn
duty. To that extent I would go; no further.
The President of the United States has solemnly
announced to the people of this country that he
will not adopt the policy of coercion. It has not
been adopted. The Congress of the United States,
in the presence of events which all concede to be
revolution, has abstained from any and every
measure of coercion. Yet we have seen no re-
sponse to this policy, which only escapes the
charge of being pusillanimous, because it is con-
ceived ill forbearance, in fraternal affection, in
the hope that peace may be restored; for if we
were to accept a declaration that there shall be no
appeal except to the sword, then, sir, none of us
would like to be held responsible for tolerating a
series of events which have reduced this Govern-
ment—if it were powerless, indeed, to prevent
them or escape their consequences—to a condition
among the nations of the earth as contemptible as
that which it has heretofore occupied has been
lofty.
Now, sir, there has been no coercion attempted.
On the contrary, every pledge expressed and im-
plied, so far as this Government is concerned,
has been given against it; and advantage has been
taken of those pledges and of that policy to de-
grade our flag, to commit acts of spoliation upon
our property; to repudiate our jurisdiction; to
enable the Cabinets of Europe to sit in council,
as they are sitting at this moment, not upon the
sick man, Turkey, which they have had before
them for years; but upon the paralyzed and im-
potent United States of America, and to determ-
ine what they will do, and what share they will
appropriate to themselves in the dismemberment
of the Confederacy, and in the confessed and
demonstrated inability of the Government of the
United States to make its jurisdiction respectable
and respected. I would not like to be held respons-
ible as one member of this body for such a state
of things, if I did not excuse and palliate the for-
bearance of the Government, and my own silence
to this hour, upon the hope that such forbearance,
while it might subject us to misconstruction else-
where, while it has exposed the Government to
acts disrespectful of its authority, which bring pain
to the heart of every patriot in the land, would yet
lead to peace and reconciliation, and that good
would come out of it.
Now, sir, with reference to the suggestion of
the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina
deprecating the application of such a measure as
this, upon his Statu, his loyal, his noble, his gal-
lant State, or to the State of Maryland, or any
other State which yet remains within the Union,
where we have courts, where we have a ma-
gistracy, where we have the means of enforcing
the laws legitimately and regularly: why, sir, I
venture to say, that no man in this House would
be guilty of the offense and the insult to the loy-
alty of those States, of thinking of such a propo-
sition. In its application, it can only be extended,
in the nature of things, to States which have by
their own solemn act repudiated our jurisdiction,
and deprived us of all possible means of protecting
our property except by force of arms.
Mr. BRANCH. I must have been singularly
unfortunate if the gentleman from New York un-
derstood me as saying that I apprehended this
