114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
36th Coxa....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. of Reps.
rcn of the South, leave no room to reproach
yourselves for hesitation or reluctance. If the
Government is to be subverted, see to it that its
destruction is not attributable to your unreason-
able and criminal obstinacy.
To members of all parties and from all sections,
in this House* let me say: shall wo not, in this
hour of our country's peril, lift ourselves high
above that narrow view, bounded by the contracted
horizon of self, of party, or of section, and thereby
preserve to mankind the only example of well-
regulated liberty in the world ? Or shall we—in-
different to all the memories of the past; heedless
to the claims of humanity; wrapped in a stolid sel-
fishness, see the glory of our fathers sink into their
childrens' shame? I beseech you, brethren, to
consider well the momentous issues before us; act
upon them justly, firmly, as becometh men, to
whose keeping have been intrusted the highest
privileges ever given to man, and who are respons-
ible to posterity and to God for their transmis-
sion, unimpaired to those who are to come after us.
When before Milan, Napoleon I, in addressing
his army, drawn up around him, told them that
when they returned to their homes in France, their
countrymen, pointing to them, would say: " He
belonged to the army in Italy."
Mr. Speaker, if, on account of our wicked per-
versencss and want of patriotism, our country is
not saved, and revolution and civil war ensue;
when the youth of the country shall have been
cut down like grass,ourcities and villages burned,
and our fields laid waste; when our ears shall be
greeted by the weeping of widows and wailing of
their children, with merited scorn and maledic-
tions, we will be pointed at by our fellow-citizens,
who will say, as in shame we avert our faces, " He
was a member of the Thirty-Sixth Congress!"
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. A. J. HAMILTON,
OF TEXAS,
In tuk House ok RbPRksisNTATjvo,
February 1, 1851.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committcc of tlurtv-threc—
Mr. HAMILTON said:
Mr. Speaker: In the hour allotted me under
the rules, I ain very sensible that I shall not be
able to express fully the views which I entertain
upon all the subjects embraced in the discussion
now pending in the House. Out, sir, so far as I
shall be able, during the time allotted to me, to
express myself at all, I do trust that I shall not
be misunderstood by gentlemen on either side of
the House. 1 shall uo little more than state prop-
ositions which seem to me to be true, and the
conclusions which I deem just.
Much has been said, in this discussion, in re-
gard to the question of the legal or constitutional
secession of a sovereign State. I will state my
conclusions upon that subject after stating one or
two propositions which, I think, are undeniable,
and then pass from this branch of the subject.
Whethcrthe Constitution,so called, is a compact
between sovereign States, or whether it is to be
regarded as the act of the aggregate people of the
several sovereign States comprising the Union,
it is, nevertheless, the Constitution of the United
States.
{ confess, Mr. Speaker, that I have been some-
what astonished lecently, in reading the debates
in this House and in the other branch of the na-
tional Congress, at what s^ms to be, for the first
time, an effort made to satisfy the public mind,
that the organic law of tins great Government—
and which, for more than three fourths of a cen-
tury, has been regarded as the Constitution, the
"organic law, the supreme law of the land"—
is something less than a constitution. But, not
being able at this momentto recur to all the argu-
ments which have been made for this purpose, I
may be permitted, without intending any discour-
tesy, to allude to the able argument of one of the
Senators from Texas, delivered in the Senate a
few days past,—a gentleman of high attainments,
not only as a publicist, but an able jurist, who,
for long years, wore the ermine of the State I have
the honor in part to represent, as her highest ju-
dicial officer, and who, within my own knowl-
edge, time and again, in solemn decisions, has
proclaimed that the Constitution of the United
States is *' the supreme law of the land," to which
not only the people of one State, but of every
State in the Union, must bow in obedience; and
before which Constitution, and the laws made in
pursuance thereof, all the constitutions and laws
of the several States must submit, when found to
be in conflict. But 1 find in his speech there is an
ingenious, but I must be permitted to say, I think
a specious argument, the object of which is to es-
tablish the fact that it is something less than a
constitution. Well, sir, I shall make no argument
to prove that it is, because to do so would put me
in the position of one who felt it to be his duty to
come to the rescue of the memory of the men who
made it from the imputation of not knowing what
they were then doing; because they ordained the
Constitution in the name of the people of the Uni-
ted States, if they, the people, should accept itas
their organic law. By their act of acceptance,
they made it their deed. It was, then, the act of
the people of the United States, otdaining and
establishing a Constitution for themselves.
I shall not attempt to draw any argument from
the fact that the language was used "we, the peo-
ple," for I am not now addressing myself to the
question as to whether it was the act of the peo-
ple of the United States in one compact mass,
without reference to the distinctions of State sov-
ereignty. That is not the question. It is, whether
or not the Constitution, when it was ordained,
submitted to the people, and acted on by them,
was a compact merely between the different States
in contradistinction to a constitution of the peo-
ple of the United States. Now, sir, in my sim-
plicity, I had always imagined that it was both;
that it was a constitution, and that it was a com-
pact. In fact, I have never been able to imagine
that there could bo such a thing as a constitution
framed by the people, determining their form of
Government, and the rights of a citizen under that
Government, without a compact being necessa-
rily involved. Every constitution is a compact;
but the converse will not hold tiue. Every com-
pact is not a constitution. A compact may be less
than a constitution. Every constitution is neces-
sarily a compact. If it is a constitution which is
given by a despot holding acknowledged unlim-
ited power, as an act of grace on his part to lus
people, it is nevertheless a compact which lie en-
ters into with his people, that the rights guaran-
tied to them by the constitution freely given, shall
be observed on his part. Can it be said to mean
less when the people are themselves the parties to
the compact?
I am not unmindful of the fact that, in the ex-
pression of these antiquated views of our Gov-
ernment, I am preparing myself to be impaled,
as the worst of heretics, upon the lance of any
knight of the new school who may think me
worthy of notice.
It would be idle to hope to escape from the anath-
emas of the Solonsof my own State, who, starting
with the fundamental principle of "the right of
secession," rapidly completed the new theory of
government, and finally challenged at once the
admiration and astonishment of the woikl, when,
in solemn convention, they declared, less than a
year ago, that Texas, in annexing herself to the
tin l ted States, parted with none of her sovereignty;
that, in fact, she only created an agent, by letter
of attorney revocable at her pleasure, to transact
a little business which it was inconvenient for her
at the moment to attend to. I admit the boldness
of the doctrine; norcan I deny that, at one stroke,
it cuts the " Gordian knot," so perplexing to all
former statesmen of our country, as to the precise
rights and powers of the Federal and State Gov-
ernments under the Constitution.
It must be understood, too, that this theory in-
volves no danger of the loss of any State right by
the action of the Federal Government.
It does not rest on the idea of reciprocal rights
and obligations between the high contracting par-
ties—this would be too perplexing. Of course,
therefore, while Texas has the right to revoke her
power of attorney—to abrogate the contract, no
such right exists on the part of the other contract-
ing power. The contract bound the United States
forever; it only bound Texas at her will and
pleasure.
It could not be expected that such an attain-
ment in political science would remain barren of
fruits. Every one felt that this comprehensive,
but general, doctrine would, in its application to
the existing controversies of the time, give out
off-shoots not unworthy of the parent stem.
The public expectation was not disappointed.
When unsophisticated men began to inquire by
what right a party could, without reference to its
constitution or laws, overturn the State govern-
ment, there were found men equal to the task of
answering. They were not fossils of a former
age; not men whose spirits were blunted by
thought and experience, and whose minds were
incumbered with a close knowledge of the history
of other times—but free, ardent, progressive men,
as contrasted with their fellows even in this pro-
gressive age.
Young men, too, for the most part—somevery
young—but all alike unfettered by the adjudica-
tions of courts, the practice of generations, or the
opinions of the sages of our country; and who
wereabie to shed a blaze of light where profound
darkness had previously prevailed.
"Behold!" said they, "we have found the
power—found it, too, where you would least ex-
pcct it to exist. It is not the clause in the Con-
stitution which provides for its own amendment.
It is ridiculous to talk of a people being fettered
by an agreement, a compact, or a Constitution.
No! we find our authority in the bill of rights,
which declares that ' the right to ordain and es-
tablish self-government is inherent in the people.'
The right to establish clearly carries with it the
right to destroy, with or without cause; that, in
fact, this most sacred of all rights cannot be as
fully realized in the establishment as in the over-
throw of the Government, since the Government,
when once established, seems to stand as a per-
petual* denial of the right to ' ordain' a new or sec-
ond government, unless, indeed, it has provided
for its own destruction. What?" they ask, "are
we to be told that in the exercise of this highest of
all earthly privileges, in the consummation of the
most solemn of all earthly contracts, we are to be
bound to the performance of its conditions beyond
our will and pleasure
In short, they demand to know whether any
are so far behind the spirit of the age as to sup-
pose that man, in the exercise of his natural and
moral right to contract with his brother man, puts
it out of his power to annul the contract by enter-
ing into it? The sublime theory, which, it would
seem, is destined to overthrow Governments, and
mark a new era in the moral history of the world,
can be given in a brief sentence. The right of
man to contract with man involves the right to set
aside the contract; and the right to annul is always
strong in exact proportion to the solemnity of the
agreement and tne magnitude of the subject-matter.
I have not sought to make these arguments
either more untenable or absurd than I have from
time to time heard them stated. And when stripped
of mere verbiage, they will, I think, be found sub-
stantially as I have stated them.
My humble reflections, Mr. Sneaker, upon the
structure of our national Government, and the
division of rights, poweis, and obligations, be-
tween it and the States, have led me to adopt a
different theory; a theory so often and so much
better expressed by others than I can hope to do,
that it would be more grateful to the House if I
should not attempt it. I would not do so bm
for the necessity of having a predicate for some
thoughts which I desire to express.
The Constitution of the United States, when
adopted, created a Government as complete and
perfect in respect of the powers intrusted to it, as
any other Government then existing or since cre-
ated. The limitations upon its powers, so-colled,
are, in fact, things with which it has not now nor
ever had any concern. They not being deemed
necessary to the Government which the people of
the United States desired to establish, were not
used in its structure. What powers were used
were deemed sufficient to confer full and perfect
authority and strength to perform the object of its
creation. There is no limitation upon the full ex-
ercise of every power granted to it. To repeat, the
limitations, so-called, arc powers not granted or
expressly withheld; and, in either case, were not
of the esscncc of the contract of Government, It
