760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
States from joining in the secession movement.
Sir, if the security and prosperity these States
now enjoy by means of the Union; if the exposed
position they would occupy should it be dissolved,
and the utter ruin and disaster which such an
event would bring on them, whatever might be
its effects in other parts of the country; if the
patriotic memories of the past, and the love of the
Constitution and " Union as it is," which most
of these States have been supposed particularly
to cherish; if a better knowledge of the people of
the free States than prevails further south, and
of the falsity of the charges brought against them;
if all this is not sufficient to cause them to pause
before they take the fatal step which shall sever
their connection with a Government that has cov-
ered them with blessings, it will be in vain to
think of placating them with any half measures
that we can adopt.
What guarantee have we, Mr. Speaker, that
the border States will be satisfied with the prop-
ositions reported by the majority of the commit-
tee of thirty-three? What assurances have we
that any terms of settlement, short of the recog-
nition and protection by the General Government
of slavery in the territory that we now possessor
may hereafter acquire south of 36° 30', will be
acceptable to them? The honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] whose opinions
I greatly respect, and whose character and pa-
triotism command my admiration, while disposed
to look favorably upon the proposition to amend
the Constitution prohibiting the interference with
slavery in the States, is opposed to admitting New
Mexico as aState, and gives many and cogent rea-
sons why it would not be accepted by his State,
and showing also that it would probably be pro-
ductive of more harm than good.
But, Mr. Speaker, suppose that the measures
proposed liy the committee, or some others short
of the ultimatum laid down by the cotton States,
of slavery protection in all future acquisitions,
would be received by the border States, or most
of tlieni, as a filial settlementof the slavery ques-
tion: what then ? The question still remains, what
is to be done with the seceding Stales ? The ques-
tion still remains, whether we have a Government
or not, capable of maintaining the integrity of the
Union? The question would still press itself upon
us, whether a single State, or half a dozen States
combined, could, by their rebellious action, de-
stroy the unity and nationality of the Govern-
ment? And these vital questions, as I have said,
I am for meeting in limine. Not by raising armies
and marching them to the South, as the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] seems to suppose, to
lay the country waste by fire and sword, in order
to " coerce" them into the Union; but by firmly
adhering to the Constitution of the country, and
enforcing obedience to the laws by all the power
of the Government. And before 1 consent to con-
cessions, even for the conciliation of the border
States, I desire to know where they will be found
on tins great question of maintaining the laws of
the Union?
Sir, this country presents a most melancholy
and humiliating spectacle before the nations of
the earth. A great nation of thirty million peo-
ple, milked as one of the first-class Poweis of the
world, at the first dawn of treason in its borders
retires ingloriously before it, and to-day is seen
crumbling to pieces, without an effort being made
to maintain its integrity, or a finger raised to de-
fend the honor of its flag. In all the tide of time
the world never witnessed so cowardly an exhi-
bition.
Now, sir, I desire to inquire what would be the
effect of such a policy as I have indicated? I
would defend this capital at all hazard, and pro-
tect the public property. I would collect the rev-
enue m the ports of every seceding State, cither
mi Lhe land or on the sea, or I would repeal the
laws making them ports of entry. Does it follow
that this would result in a general civil war ? Not
at all. The Government would be clearly in thgs
right, and every arm raised against it would be
clearly m the wrong. Every act of the Govern-
ment would be strictly on the defensive, while
every blow struck against it would be the act of
an aggressor upon its rights. The Government
would be defending the priceless inheritance of
liberty, which our fathers bequeathed to us at the
expense of so much blood and treasure, while its
enemies would be fighting for its overthrow, be-
cause they have been deprived of political power
by the constitutional fiat of the people. The sym-
pathies of every Government on the earth would
be on the side of the constituted authorities of the
United States; and the prayers of every friend of
constitutional liberty, whether in the Old World
or the New, would ascend to the throne of Jeho-
vah, that this Government, founded in the prin-
ciples of human freedom, and the rights of man,
might not be destroyed by the enemies of both.
But,undersuch a policy, who are the rebels to
fight? If they had ships, and could man them,
they might attack the vessels blockading their
harbors. But the contest will be unequal. , Will
they raise armies to invade the loyal States? This
is an " en tertainmen t" to w hich they would hardly
"invite" themselves.
Sir, I will indulge in no threats of what would
be the result in such an event. I will make no
boasts of the prowess of any particular section of
the country. I desire to say no word that can
exasperate or inflame, but simply to plan* myself
on the side of my country, and the integrity of its
Government, whose Constitution I have sworn
to support I deprecate a war in which brother
shall be arrayed against brother, and kindred
against kindred; and I pray that God may avert
such a calamity from this land! Nevertheless,
wisely, but firmly, I would have the Government
make'a trial, at least, for its own protection, that
it might not be a scoff and by-word among the
nations. And then, if it shall be found to be the
weak and impotent thing which its enemies ima-
gine it to be, then it will be time enough to talk
about" compromises," and a division of the coun-
try into two confederacies. Forone,I,donot care
to live under a Government which is so feeble
as to excite only the contempt of mankind, and
which exists merely at the sufferance of those who
may at any moment conspire for its overthrow, in
spite of all the concessions we may now make.
And I repeat that I desire, first, to know whether
we have a Government or not; whether we have
a country to love and support.
Mr. Speaker, I know the anxiety that is felt
by every true friend of his country in such a fear-
ful crisis as the present. I know the feeling that
is uppermost in many a patriotic heart, to try and
*' do something" to avert til e great calamity wb ich
seems impending. But what can we do? There
are some things that the North might do without
dishonor. And although I cannot support the
measures recommended by the committee, be-
cause I think they involve a surrender of princi-
ple; yet, if the South should tender the restora-
tion of the Missouri compromise simply as it was
before " ruthless hands" wrenched it from its
place, where it had given peace to the country for
over thirty years, and the reckless repeal of which
has been onegreatcauscof all our woes, the North,
I think, would be bound to take it fairly into con-
sideration.
Much stress is laid on the personal liberty laws,
and they are blazoned to the world as the pretended
cause of all our difficulties; and the President
himself, in his annual message, treated them as
the great act of wrong on the part of the North,
justifying, if not repealed, a dissolution of the
Union. And yet, when, in the committee of thirty-
three, we first set ourselves to the task of correct-
ing this grievance, as far as possible, v/e were told
by southern gentlemen that it was useless to spend
time on such trifling matters, and that it did not
reach the seat of the disease. No, Mr. Speaker;
it does not reach the seat of the disease. The seat
of the disease is the lost prestige of political power;
it is the lust of dominion on the part of those
who have administered the Government so long
that they think they have an indefeasible right to
control its destinies forever.
And because the free States, inconsequence of the
thrift, enterprise, and progress which free-labor
institutions impart to a community, have acquired
the numerical majority in the councils of the nation,
and decline to use it to extend," protect," foster,
and nationalize the system of slavery, the Union
is to be destroyed and the Constitution trampled
underfoot! Nor,sir,is the settlementof this ques-
tion, so far as our present territory is concerned, of
any particular consequence to those who have
"precipitated this revolution." Days were spent
in committee, endeavoring to contrive some way
to settle the status of slavery in territory which we
do not now possess!
And the proposition for adjustment which has
been talked of most, and which, it is said, would
probably be acceptable to most of the southern
States—that of the distinguished Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden]—provides for the
recognition and " protection "of slavery in all ter-
ritory " hereafter acquired "south of 360 30'. Sir,
this is a premium offered to filibustering, and ag-
gressive inroads upon friendly Powers, for the
purpose of " making room" for the spread of sla-
very. It is the adoption into the Constitution of
the creed of the ultra portion of the Democratic
party, who broke up the Charleston convention
because the dogma of " protection" to slavery
was not inserted in the Democratic platform. It
is the arrogant demand of the revolutionists of
the country—who, if the conservative, Union sen-
timent of that section could find expression, are
in a meager minority even in the southern States
—not only to all those who voted for Lincoln, but
to those who voted for Douglas, and most of those
who voted for Bell, to surrender their convictions
and principles, on pain of breaking up the Con-
federacy. Sir, this will never be done; and the
free States will never concede these terms of set-
tlement, let the consequences be what they may.
And I appeal to the honest masses of the Demo-
cratic party in my own State who voted for Mr.
Douglas, if they are willing, because their oppo-
nents rise in treason against the Government, to
adopt the doctrine of constitutional and legislative
" protection to slavery" in all the Territories
which may be " hereafter acquired ?"
Sir, the proposition known as the "border States
compromise, which is similar to that of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] if I under-
stand it, is scarcely less objectionable. It provides
that the Constitution shall be so amended that, in
all the territory south of 36° 30', neither Congress
nor the people of the Territory shall ever inter-
fere with or prohibit slavery. What sort of a
proposition is this to those who hold that the peo-
ple shall be left " perfectly free to form and reg-
ulate their own domestic institutions in their own
way >" Sir, by this measure, although nine tenths
of the people might be opposed to the introduction
of slavery, the other tenth could force it into the
Territory, and compel it to come into the Union
as a slave State. This is as effectually " protec-
tion to slavery" as though it were provided for in
express terms. It is only another way of reaching
the same result.
Sir, the Union is dear to the people of the north-
ern States; they would sacrifice much to preserve
it as it is; but a Union founded on the protection
of slavery, as its "chief corner stone," is not the
Union for which our fathers fought, and is not
the precious boon which they supposed they had
transmitted to their posterity. If the only terms
upon which the Union can be preserved are, that
the General Government, by constitutional pro-
vision and congressional enactment, shall, through
all time, wherever the adventurous spirit of our
people shall plant the American banner, be pledged
to the protection of an institution condemned by
the whole civilized world, outside of the slave
States—an institution which Mr. Hunter, in his
speech at Charlottesville, in August last, said that
" southern men themselves, with but few excep-
tions, admitted to be a moral evil," not twenty
years ago—then, indeed, will the North begin to
" calculate the value" of such a Union.
Mr. Speaker, I will consider, briefly, the par-
ticular propositions reported by the majority of
the committee.
In addition to the reasons already given, I am
oppo's.ed to the proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution, providing against future amendments to
that instrument, touching slavery in the States,
not bccaitegtl have any wish myself, or because
I know of a single Republican anywhere who
wishes or believes he has any right to interfere
with slavery in the States, but because there is no
need of such an amendment. I am opposed to
any alteration of the Constitution unless upon the
most urgent necessity; and then, never at the
demand of those, or to placate those who are
in actual rebellion against it. The Republican
party, in their platform of principles, are solemnly
pledged against any such interference, or the be-
lief m any right to interfere with slavery in the
States. But I am further opposed to the amend-
ment, because, as has been so well shown by the
honorable chairman of the committee, it is morally
