1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
impossible that slavery in theStates should everbe
interfered with by any amendment to the Consti-
tution. With no more slave States than exist to-
day, there must beforty-five free States before any
such amendment can receive the sanction of three
fourths of ail the States. And lastly, I am opposed
to it because it gives to slavery new and additional
guarantees, which the illustrious framers of the
Constitution did not think necessary to insert in
that instrument. They were careful to exclude
from the Constitution the very word " slave;" and
they regarded slavery as an institution which was
inconsistent with the great ideas upon which tho
Government was based, and which, at a period
not very remote, would gradually be done away.
I am therefore unwilling to go further than they
went, in giving it constitutional sanction, espe-
cially as the workings of the system do not par-
ticularly commend it to the enlightened civilization
and Christianity of the age. What the Constitu-
tion gives it, I wiii give—no more, no less.
Nor can I admit the force of the appeal that,
because the people of the South have been made
to believe the falsehoods circulated there against
the Republican party, we must make concessions
that otherwise would be improper, in order to
appease their fury. Because the leaders of the
Breckinridge Democracy have made the people of
the South believe that Mr. Hamlin is a mulatto,
that Lincoln is in favor of having the white peo-
ple intermarry with the negroes, and that the Re-
publicans are to invade their States with armies
of" wide-awakes" and set their slaves all free, I
shall not consent to change the fundamental law
of the land, and thereby virtually admit the
charges to be true. Many of the southern people
are evidently in that condition of mind where they
"see men as trees walking." They would not
now believe it, even if every Republican should
vote in favor of this proposition. [ prefer to wait
till the " madness" passes away, and then see if
we cannotss reason together." if that time never
comes, it will not be my fault nor the fault of the
Republican party.
Sir, I cannot sympathize with the argument of
those who attempt to draw a parallel between the
present condition of affairs in some of the southern
States and the revolt of the colonies against the
Government of Great Britain. I would not dignify
the causeless rebellion which now exists among a
portion of the slaveholding people of the country,
so as to elevate it alongside of the great American
Revolution, which will forever stand forth as one
of the most sublime epochs in the history of the
world. If, every time a discontented minority,
after having participated in an election, shall re-
fuse to acquiesce in the constitutional result, and
threaten to pull down the pillars of the Govern-
ment, we treat them in the same way that Burke
advised towards the American colonies, how long
will it be before tho great fundamental principle
on which this Government rests, to wit, that the
majority shall rule, would be trampled under foot
ana the Government destroyed?
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to go into a
detailed statement of all the reasons which oper-
ate on my mind against the admission of New
Mexico as a State. These are fully set forth in
the report which I signed in conjunction with the
fentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn.]
t would be a sufficient reason for voting against
it, that, as a measure of peace to those for whom
it is intended, it will fail to be satisfactory. If it
fails to be acceptable to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, moderate and conservative as he is, I do
not think it will commend itself to the people of
his State, or those of the other border States.
But my chief objection to it is, that it virtually
surrenders (although covered up under specious
disguises) the entire position of the Republican
party in reference to the extension of slavery into
free territory. When New Mexico wasacquired,
it was free territory. Since then, through influ-
ences from this capital, and at the instigation of
prominent southern men, slavery has been estab-
lished there, by the enactment of a barbarouskode,
disgraceful to the civilization of the age.
Mr. OTERO. Thegentlemanfrom 3NewHamp-
shire says that the Territory of New Mexico was
free when it was acquired by the Government of
the United States. I deny that.
Mr. TAPPAN. I prefer not to yield the floor.
The gentleman can reply to me if he desires to
do so
Mr. OTERO. The entire eastern portion of the
Territory of New Mexico was under the laws of
Texas, which recognized slavery; and this Gov-
ernment recognized the authority of Texas when
paying Texas §10,000,000 for the eastern portion,
anu there slavery existed.
Mr. TAPPAN. 1 do notunderstand it to be as
thegentleman states. Iunderstand that the Terri-
tory of New Mexico when we acquired it was free
territory, and I have yet to learn that it was ever
slave territory till, by the enactment of the slave-
code there, it was so declared. By the organic
act of the Territory, Congress has the reserved
right to annul these laws, and at the last session
a bill to that cfFect passed this House, but failed
in the Senate. By now admitting her into the
Union, on an equal footing with the other States,
we, in effect, approve this barbarous legislation,
sanction the proceedings which forced slavery
into the Territory, and bring her into the Union
as a slave State.
But it is said by some of those who advocate
this measure, that it will be a free State. If this
is so, then it is no concession to the slaveholding
States; and it is absurd to suppose that secession
is to be prevented by the admission of another
free State. No; if it comes in at all, it comes as
a slave State, carved out of territory that is free,
or which it is the duty of Congress to make free.
The same influences that established slavery there
will also cause it to remain. It is true there never
may be many slaves; but still, to all intents and
purposes, it will be a slave State. To this I can-
not consent; and I only reiterate the language of
Mr. Clay, in one of the last speeches ho ever
made, when I declare thatu no earthly power can
compel me to vote for the extension of slavery
over territory that is now free !"
_ There are other and all-sufficient reasons, out-
side of the slavery question, why New Mexico
ought not to be admitted as a State. Her system
of peonage, or " white slavery;" the paucity of
her white inhabitants; the mongrel character of
the mass of her people; and their entire unfitness
to be incorporated into the Union, having equal
weight at the other end of the Capitol, and upon
equal footing in all respects with the old States,
are enough of themselves to deter me from voting
for this measure. Added to this, is the fact that
the people of New Mexico do not ask to be ad-
mitted into the Union as a State, but arc under-
stood to be opposed to it. Her people have never
paid any taxes, and it is said cannot be made to
do so for any purpose whatever. So that if who
is admitted into the Union, we shall be compelled
to make appropriations to defray the expenses of
her State government out of the national Treas-
ury; thus forcing a slave State into tho. Union
against her will, and footing her bills after we get
horin!
Mr. OTERO. The gentleman says that the
people of New Mexico pay no taxes. Now, as
Delegate from that Territory I venture to say that
the people of the State of New Hampshire do not
pay to-day larger taxes than the people of New
Mexico do. New Mexico does not owe a dollar
of debt. She pays to the ministers of the religion
there—the Catholic religion — tithes amounting
to more than the taxation of the people of New
Hampshire. Not a single county in the Terri-
tory is in debt. The Territory is not in debt. We
have got no direct taxation, but we have indirect
taxation.
Mr. TAPPAN. I do not undertake to know
what the particular mode of taxation in New Mex-
ico is; but the evidence before thecommittecfrom
intelligent gentlemen—long residents in tho Ter-
ritory—was, that the people were averse to being
taxed for any purpose, and were opposed to a
State government, because they would not be taxed
to support it.
And now, sir, I have said all that I propose
to say on these questions. If this Union is to be
broken up, it will have been done by the fanati-
cism of slavery propagandism, and the vaulting
ambition of political leaders, who, to do its bid-
ding m 1854, by the breaking down of a time-
honored compromise, let loose upon the land the
fearful agitation which has rocked it, as with a
tempest, from that hour to this. But if such is to
be our fate, the " Government of the United States
of America" will still exist, with a territory and
people teeming with all the elements of greatness
and of freedom, of unsurpassed progress, and of
future glory. If that time shall speedily come,
then I say:
" let us press
The golden cluster on our brave old flag
In closer union; and, if numbering less,
Brighter shall shine the stars that still remain."
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not look beyond the
present Union to see what is behind the vail that
divides us from the future. I have no desire to
do so.
The State I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent on this floor, is small in area, but she yields
to none in patriotic attachment to the Union and
the Constitution; and I believe the united voice of
herpeople,irrespectiveofparty,isfor the " Union
as it is," and the Constitution as our fathers made
it. While her people will faithfully respect all the
rights guarantied by that Constitution to the people
of the South, they will not consent to the forma-
tion of a new Constitution, giving to slavery new
and additional guarantees, which those who ori-
ginally framed it refused to grant.
It is a mistake to suppose that New Hampshire
has any laws upon her statute-book which are in
conflict with the Constitution touching the rendi-
tion of fugitive slaves. But when her personal
liberty bill was in force, if any State, feeling ag-
grieved by such legislation, had come to her in the
spirit of kindness and conciliation, there never has
been a time when she would not have been met in
a like spirit, and every grievance complained of
would have been cheerfully redressed. But she
understands what is due to her own dignity, and
will yield nothing to menaces or threats of a dis-
solution of the Union.
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that the people of New
Hampshire are attached to this Union. Her patriot
sires did much to achieve its glorious blessings;
and their sons, not less patriotic, will peril their
lives in its defense. New Hampshire was the
ninth State—the last one required to complete the
formation of the Union, and she will be the last
to desert it in its hour of peril. Iierpeople un-
derstand their own duties and relations to the
Genera! Government, and they understand, too,
the duties and relations of the people of her sister
States to that same Government. State Legisla-
tures and conventions may resolve themselves out
of the Union; but the Union nevertheless stands.
And, even if the Union is nothing more than a
compact between the different States, the people
of no State can be absolved from their allegiance
to the United States until the bond of union be-
tween them shall be dissolved by the consent of
all the States who were originally parties to the
compact. I do not, then, misstate the sentiments
of her people when I proclaim that, as one of the
loyal and patriotic States of the Confederacy,
whenever the people of any other State shall, from
whatever cause, trample down and violate the
laws of tho Union, the motto of New Hampshire
will be, " The Constitution, the Union, and the
enforcement of the laws!" If the maintenance of
this doctrine shall result in strife and bloodshed,
the responsibility must rest with those who pro-
voked the conflict, There can be no Union unless
the laws of the Union arc enforced. There can
be no Government unless that Government puts
forth efforts to have its own authority respected.
And when the hour of trial comes, and patriotic
hearts are necessary to maintain and defend the
integrity of the Union, the people of my gallant
State will respond promptly to the call of patriot-
ism, and ,whether from foes without or foes within,
will defend to the last her country's flag. They
will, as one man, adopt the recent language of
one of her most gifted poets—
" By the many hopeb the living cherish,
By our faith m freedom's ^aeted tuM;
By the patriot names that cannot peu -h ;
By the soil made dear by Lai^don's dust
By the deeds of ^tark, enshrined m j-tory
By the voices speaking from the pa*t;
By our puceless heritage of glory,
We'll defend the Union to thu last lJ5
But I do not apprehend any serious collision
I d§ not believe that this land is to be drenched in
the blood of fratricidal strife. Unless some mad
attempt should he made upon this capital—which
will never be yielded to the enemies of the pres-
ent Government, let the cost to save or retake it
be ever so great—1 believe in the final peaceful
solution of all our difficulties. 1 do not believe it
will be accomplished, however, by any unmanly
yielding, or any humiliating concessions on either
side j but from the returning reason and sense of
