1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the greatest destruction, they never stopped to inquire the
cause, but rushed to use their best efforts to subdue the
devouring element; and as their actions and principles are
to know no East, no West, no North, no South, but only
the love of their fellow-men,and perpetuity of the beloved
Union, they shelter themselves under the broad folds of
the American Plao, and unfurl this glorious banner on
the outer wails, and on the highest pinnacles, until every
mountain has its host, and every host its ensign, and every
ensign for the Union and the Union forever; and from
their fiim position, they will not cry " Fire!" but" Peace!
Peace! Peace until their voice be heard, and their fervent
prayers be granted, by their honorable Representatives,
whom they now sincerely implore, in the name of their
company, in the name of their city, in the name of their
State, to pass the Ci utenden or Bigler compromise resolu-
tions, or any other of similar impoit, bo that peace and con-
fidence be restored to our beloved country. And they will
ever respectfully pray, &c.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the memorial lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I present a memorial of citi-
zens of New Haven, Connecticut, praying Con-
gress to pass the measure usually known as the
border State proposition, for the purpose of restor-
ing peace and tranquillity to the country. It is
very numerously signed. A memorandum upon
the back states that it is signed by three thousand
thiee hundred and fifty citizens. Many of them
are known to me, and arc men of high position,
excellent character, and great influence in the
community where they reside.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table
REPORTS 1TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (li. R,
No. 852) for the relief of certain Chippewa, Ot-
tawa, and Pottawatomie Indians, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 941) for the relief of James M. Adams,
llenry D. McKinney, and William D. Adams,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to .whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 553) for the better organization of the
militia of the District of Columbia, reported it
without amendment, and asked for its immediate
consideration.
Mr. GREEN and others objected to the pres-
ent consideration of the hill.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 958) to amend an act entitled " An
act more effectually to provide for the organiza-
tion of the militia of the District of Columbia,"
approved March 3, 1803, reported it without
amendment, and adversely.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying for an
extension of the limits of the collection district of
Philadelphia, reported a bill (!S. No. 557) to ex-
tend the limits of the collection district of Phila-
delphia; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Dr. Isaac J. Hayes,
praying for a change of the name of the schooner
Spring Hill to that of the United States, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 541) in relation to
the liabilities of the collectors of customs, reported
it without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 970) to regulate the'compensation of the
keeper and assistant keepers of the light-house
on Minot's Ledge, in the harbor of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred a report of the Secretary
of the Navy, communicating, m compliance with
a resolution of the Senate, a statement of the num-
ber and pay of cleiks and watchmen at the naval
Canons, on board vessels of war, &c., have in-
structed me to move that it be printed. I know
jt lequires unanimous consent; butitis informa-
tion that is important to the committee, and im-
poitant to the Senate to have before the naval ap-
propriation bill passes. I hope there will be no
objection to printing it.
The motion to print was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
71) extending the time for taking testimony om
the application of Cyrus H. McCormick for the5
extension of his patent, in which the concurrence,
of the Senate was requested. *
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide for a super-
intendent of Indian affairs for Washington Terri-
tory, and additional Indian agents
GREGORY PATTI.
* Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate take
up the bill(H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to
Gregory Patti.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Gregory Patti on the list of in-
valid pensions, from the 13th of December, 1858,
to continue during his natural life.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with the amendment to insert in line five, after
" pensions," the words at the rate of six dollars
per month."
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out (i six dollars " and insert-
ing (($7 50." That is the regular pension to
which he would be entitled according to his pay
in the Army.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, wasadopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to be read
a. third time; and was read the third time, and
passed.
GEORGE II. GIDDINGS.
Mr. WIGFALL, I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 62, for the benefit of George
rl. Giddings.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, ft provides that George H. Giddings
shall be paid for services on route No. 8076, in
accordance with the order of Postmaster General
A. Y. Brown, of Octobcr 23,1858, after deducting
whatever has been received thereon, on proof be-
ing furnished that the servicc has been performed.
Mr, KING. Is there a report in that case, so
as to let us know something about it ?
Mr. WIGFALL. There was no written re-
port. The joint resolution passed the House of
Representatives and was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, of the Senate,
and was reported back unanimously, with amend-
ments. The report was a verbal one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report.
Mr. WIGFALL. There is a report from the
House committee, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
fiom New York desire that report to be read?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report
made in the House of Representatives, which is
in writing.
Mr. HALE. It is impossible to hear a sylla-
ble of that report. I want to hear it; but there is
such an infernal noise that I cannot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is idle to read a
report when the noise is so great that it cannot
be heard. The Chair will have to arrest all fur-
ther proceedings until the Senate is in a condition
to hear the report. The Senate will be good
enough to come to order. *
The Secretary continued to read the report.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the paper be laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed. I should
like to be able to understand a little more defi-
nitely what is embraced in it, and in the propo-
sition that we are to vote upon, than I can learn
from the reading by the clerk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to dis-
pense with the further reading of the report, and
that it be laid on the table and be printed.
Mr. HEMPHILL. This is a very plain case.
It is a claim for compensation for services ren-
dered immediately on tne introduction ofMr.Holt
into the office of Postmaster General. This ser-
vice was rendered at the instance of every mili-
tary post on that route, and of every town and
every settlement. They almost forced the con-
tractor to render the service which was performed.
The mails were regularly delivered by the con-
tractor, and all he asks now is payment for the
service that was actually performed. That is the
sum and substance of the whole case.
Mr. GRIMES. I am expressing no doubt as
to the justice or equity of the claim. 1 only want
to understand for myself what it is that I am
called upon to vote on. I cannot learn from the
reading of that report by the clerk. .
Mr. ANTHONY. I will inquire how much
money the bill appropriates?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot
answer.
Mr. HALE. I think the friends of this meas-
ure will consent to the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, to let it lie on the table and be printed.
We shall have the report in a day or two. and
then we can understand it.
Mr. WIGFALL. I consent, so far as I am
concerned.
The motion to print the report was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
before the Senate; but evidently it is the intention
of the Senate that it shall lie over,and the Cluur
will so consider it. ["Agreed."]
\
TERRITORY OF COLORADO.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I moveto take up the motion
to reconsider the vote passing the bill to organize
the Territory of Colorado. I understand the
chairman of the committee wishes to have it dis-
posed of this morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the motion to reconsider the
vote passing the bill (S. No. 366) to provide for a
temporary government for the Territory of Col-
orado.
Mr. WADE. I hope that vote will not be re-
considered. That bill, settling, so far as this body
is concerned, a very disputable matter,has already-
passed, and gofie to the House of Representatives;
and I hope we shall not have it up again. I be-
lieve the bill, as it was passed, is satisfactory to
most of the Senators; and I hope,J.hercfore, that
it will not be reconsidered. Perhaps we had as
well have the test on thereconsideration,ason any
other question; and on that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays w-erc ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that the Senator from
Ohio has interposed his objection to a reconsider-
ation under the peculiar circumstances. I think
it is an act of discourtesy that ought not to be
sanctioned in this body. It was well known to
the Senate that when this bill was pending last
week, I laid upon the table a substitute for the
bill, and had it printed, and on that I was entitled
to the floor, and I was in the act of offering that
substitute when we adjourned one day last week.
The other day, when i was called-out for a very
few minutes, it was taken up and passed, I pre-
sume, inadvertently. I was entitled to the floor
when it should be taken up; the substitute was
lying on the table and printed. All I ask now is,
that the Senate will reconsider, and allow the voto
to be taken; then I am content. But I do think
that, under that state of facts, it was unusual, and
if the attention of the Senate had been called to
it, they would not have deprived me of my right
under the circumstances.
Mr. GREEN. I hope there will be no recon-
sideration. The Senator can record his vote on
the motion to reconsider just as well as he could
on the direct question upon the amendment. No-
body desired to take any advantage of the Sena-
tor; nor do I think that there is any necessity for
a reconsideration. The bill is plain and simple
in its provisions, containing nothing that infringes
upon the peculiar views of anybody; and for that
reason, I hope the bill will be permitted to stand
as the judgment of the Senate; and that the peo-
ple of Pike's Peak, numbering- sixty thousand,
may have a government and protection accord-
ing to law.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can see now very clearly
that the motion to reconsider is not to prevail;
