•190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
36031 Com...2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Logan.
Ho. of Reps.
joxi the part of the South. Republicans say they
do not intend to abolish or interfere with it, and
therefore it would do no good to the South to act
in reference to that matter. If you do not intend
to do it, why not put it in the bond at once? Why
not give the guarantee? It will not do to say it will
do no good. It will do good. .It will satisfy all
apprehensions on this point forever. And if you
mean to live up to what you say, it will do you
no harm, unless you think it necessary to keep
this as an open question for " stump ammunition."
Another ground of apprehension is, as you all
know, that you, by some means, will attempt to
effect the emancipation of the slaves in some or
all of the States, at some future day. You say
thut you do not intend any such thing, and that
there is fiojustground forany^uch apprehension.
Whether there is or not, is not the question. But,
does the apprehension exist? You have been told
that it does, by members upon this floor, who are
good and true men. Then, if you do not intend
any such thing, why not put thatin the bond also;
not to stay your hands particularly, but so that
nobody can interfere with the institution in the
States that may now or hereafter have the power
in Congress ? You say that you are prohibited
already from such interference by the present
Constitution. Thatistrue. I think you arc; and,
if you are, surely to incorporate a provision de-
claring; explicitly the fact can do you no harm.
It will satisfy the South on that point. Another
ground ofapprehension is, thatyou willinteipose
obstructions to the inter-State slave trade; to that,
also, yo-u respond that you will not; then cer-
tainly you can easily settle these questions, and
tio away with apprehension on all these sub-
jects; and I would be sorry if it should interfere
With the principles upon which you were elected,
so that it would cause the great loaders to with-
hold their votes, and defeat the propositions.
Having thus disposed of three questions, 1 pro-
pose to examine for a short time the territorial
question, and see if that cannot be disposed of so
as to allow those conscientious Republican lead-
ers, who make their platform both their Consti-
tution and Bible, without interfering particularly
with their cherished object, the exclusion of sla-
very. They say that all the Territories belonging
to the United States must be forever kept free,
and (hat they will not give up that point m their
platform. Now, sir, if we will reason coolly
about this matter, we will find that there is no ne-
cessity for such determination on their part, in
order to protect the soil of the Territories from
slavery. U has been said on this lloor, by Re-
publicans, that the God of nature has so arranged
the soil and climate of those Territoriey that sla-
very cannot go there; and therefore, they are de-
termined to keep them from its blighting influence.
Why, sir, if by the soil and climate slavery is
excluded from theTerritories,in God's name, why
insi.st on this impracticable legislation by Con-
gress#? The South insist on their right to go to
the Territories on perfect equality witu us, as they
expended for them as* much as we did, both m
blood and treasure, You sav they shall not take
their pioperty with them. The Supreme Court,
the highest tribunal in the land, says they may,
and thai it is unconstitutional for you to prohibit
them. ►Still, in the face of all this, you say they
shall be excluded. 1 do not suppose, really, that
the southern people desire to go to any of the
Territories with slaves, as their labor would not
be profitable there; but it is the denial of a right
utidei tiieConstitution,asaffirmed by theSupreme
Court, that annoys and chafes them. Will your
paity, air, insist on adhering to their policy on
this subject, when the Union is crumbling beneath
their feet, merely to irritate and annoy the people
of the southern States?
Mr. Speaker, there is another point of view in
which to look at this question, to show that the
Republicans ought not to stickle on account of
their fears abqut the spread of slavery in the Ter-
ritories. It is the charactcr of the population that
settle them. They know well the fact that our
-western Territories are settled first by the hardy
and enterprising 44 Yankees" ©f New England,
•who generally take possession of all the good
-idnda, town sites, and mill seats; next come the
novthem and western men, who are inured to toil
anddiardships, and who have been taught from
their infancy to believe that slavery is not best
calculated to develop the resources of a country.
The people from foreign climes—England, Ire-
land, Scotland, and Germany—come, too, and
make their homes in the far West. They have
the strongest prejudices against the institution.
But it is said that southern men will go there
also. That is true. But, sir, what class of the
southern people go to make new Territories their
home? Is it the rich planter with his slaves? No,
sir; it is generally the poor laboring men of the
South, who leave slave States to get rid of the
institution, and not with a view to establish it.
This, then, is the kind of population that settle
our Territories; and it certainly cannot be ex-
pected that such a population will establish sla-
very, when the soil and climate arc adverse to its
existence. Why, then, sir, should the Repub-
lican party, or any of them, determine to adhere
to their platform on tins subject, when slavery
will be entirely excluded from all the Territories
by soil, climate, and population? There is no
sense or reason m it; it is a mere determination
to carry out a party policy, even if it wrecks this
proudTabric of ours.
Now, sir, as my time is but short, having dis-
cussed the questions that mostly irritate the coun-
try, in my feeble manner, I desire to notice for a
short time some of the propositions presented to
this House, with a view of adjusting*our difficul-
ties. There are a great many of them. And it
does seem to me that, out of so many, we could,
if there was any disposition to do so, agree on
some one of them, winch would be a just basisof
settlement, and that would satisfy the conserva-
tive and Union-loving men both North and South.
You cannot get a proposition that will satisfy the
madmen, either South or North; and to undertake
it is a labor of love that 1 shall not perform. To
undertake the discussion of the merits of the va-
rious propositions before the House, would oc-
cupy more tunc than is now left me They
are all entitled to consideration. We have the
propositions o f Senators'Crittenden and Doug-
las, the proposition of the committee of thirty-
three, (a committee upon which, 1 am sorry to
say, the million and n half of northern Demo-
crats had no voice,) the border State proposition,
the pioposition of my friend and colleague from
Illinois, [Mr. McClkunaxd,] the proposition of
my colleague, [Mr. Kkllogg,] and one from Mr.
Morris, of Pennsylvania. These propositions
all differ somewhat in reference to the territorial
question. I am willing to give my support to
either of them, believing that, in a cnsiy like this,
no man should expect his views alone to be in-
corporated m any measure of pence. 1 cannot say,
however, that many of these propositions, on the
question qf the Teriitones alone,could receive my
sanction under any other circumstances. Although
1 shall cheerfully give my support to any of them,
for the reasons I have stated, I must say, sir, that
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania I believe to be the fairest one which has
been submitted to the House, lie propones that
neither Congresa nor a Territorial Legislature shall
interfere with slavery in the Territories at all; but
loaves the people, when they come to form their
State constitution, to determine the question for
themselves.
I think this is the best proposition, because it
is a fair concession on ail sides. The Republicans
give up their congressional intervention; those
who are styled "squatter sovereigns" give up
their territoiial legislative policy, and the south-
ern protectionists give up their protection inter-
vention policy; thus every party yields something.
With this proposition as an article in the Consti-
tution, it would satisfy every conservative man
in this Union, both North and South, I do seri-
ously and honestly believe Having indicated
my preference of these propositions, and my rea-
sons for that preference, I have said all I desire to
say on the point, except to repeat again, that I will
willingly vote foranj^of them, or make any other
sacrifice necessary to save this Union. It makes
no kind of difFu'encc to me what the sacrifice; if
it will save my country, I am ready to make it.
1 would ask of those gentlemen, who are op-
posed to concession or compromise, and m favor
of war for the subjugation of these revolting
States, if it would not be better for us ail, North
and South, to adjust our difficulties in a proper
spirit on some just basis; banish the slavery agi-
tation from the Halls of Congress forever; avoid
war, bloodshed, and the horrors of civil strife,
and once more give peace to a distracted country ?
Let them refuse this; let this Congress adjourn
without adjusting these difficulties or submitting '
them to the people for their action, and I envy
not the position of any gentleman in this House
or the other end of the Capitol who has interposed
obstructions, or may yet do so. Go home before
your people; when asked by them ,$' Do you believe
the country could have been saved by making
proper concessions at the proper time ?" '*1 do."
" Why, then, did you not make them ?" " Be-
cause it would have violated the platform upon which
I teas elected My God 1 is there a man on earth
who would dare to meet a Union-loving constit-
uency, and make such an answer? Will you turn
a deaf ear to the appeals of such Union men of
the South as Bouligny of Louisiana, Hamilton
of Texas, Harris and Millson of Virginia, Har-
ris of Maryland, Stokes and other of Ins col-
leagues of Tennessee, and a host of others from
the border slave States, who implore you to act
promptly in presenting to the country some pa-
cific measures, as a rallying point for the con-
servative masses in their States, whereby they
may be saved from the very jaws of secession and
revolution? What can they say ? To an appre-
hensive and excited people, on their return home,
they must say: il We appealed to the dominant
party of the North m Congress to' pour oil upon
the troubled waters,5 and ' they would not;* we
i asked them for broadband they gave us ' a stone;'
we asked 4 for a fish,' and they ' gave us a ser-
pent;' we asked for conciliation, and they tendered
us war and subjugation."
Sir, these men are acting as a band of noble
Spartans standing in the breach, attempting to
turn back the tide of revolution that is sweeping
over the land. Wc should act in such a manner
as to strengthen their hands, that they may war
against it more successfully. But to you, gallant
Union men of the South, who are standing against
a fierce and bitter storm, if nothing be done to
calm it, and you are hurled over the precipice
into the deep, yawning gulf of disunion, for your
heroic stand m this fearful crisis history will im-
mortalize your names; your children will lead
with illuminated countenances the faithful sketch
of your patriotic devotion to your country. And
to you, gentlemen, who are not willing to make
any gacuiice in this hour of our country's peril,
history will give to you an immortality also, but
it will be an immortality of infamy; your epitaphs
will be written thus: "The men who would not
sacrifice party piejudice to save their country."
Sir, I care not how loudly gentlemen may talk
of their love of liberty, and the preservation of
our institutions; he who will, at this time, sit
quietly down, avid see the ruin of his country con-
summated without being willing to assist in sav-
ing it by peaceful means, if it can be done, has
disunion rankling in his very heart, and is as much
opposed to the Government as those who have
drawn the sword to stab it in the most vital part.
There are some in this Hall that are almost ready
to strike the party fetters from their iimbs, and
assist in measures of peace; halt not, take the
step, be independent and free at once; let us over-
come party passion and eiror, allow virtue and
good sense in this fatal hour to be triumphant;
let us invoke Deity to interpose and prepare the
way for our country's escape from the perils by
which we are now surrounded; and, in view of
our present greatness and future prospects, our
magnificent and growing cities, our many insti-
tutions of learning, our once happy and prosper-
ous people, our fruitful fields and golden harvests,
our enjoyment of all civil and religious blessings,
let parties die that these be preserved; such noble
acts of patriotism and concession, on your part,
would causc posterity to render them illustrious,
and pause to contemplate the magnitude of the
events with which they were connected. You
are told, however, that none of the border slave
States will secede, and therefore " it is not neces-
sary for anything to be done, as the other States
have already gone, and will not return." Be not
deceived by such assurances. Unless the bonds
that bind the border States to us are strengthened
