1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
now, they will, sooner or later, bid us farewell,
and take up their abode where congeniality of in-
stitutions will make their interest strongest. One
by one theyifrill leave; and, if this disintegration
should progress much farther, what assurances
have we that the States on the Pacific will not
soon become restless, and thus, as time wears on,
our Government may go to pieces; differentinter-
ests will still be taken advantage of to cause dis-
loyalty. Military chieftains will arise, and in the
night of our sorrow the " manacles of military
despots may be fastened upon our limbs, and will
gleam in our temple when freedom's shield lies
pierced and broken." Great God! shall these
things be ?
Sir, what shall I say to my gallant constituents
when I return to them ? Shall 1 bear the ill-tidings
that nothing has been done in Congress to give
them a ray of hope for the future of our country ?
Must 1 tell those gallantTennesseeans, Kentuck-
ians,and men from different southern States, that
ere long, if they should desire to visit the soil of
their nativity, they must be prepared to visit a
foreign and perhaps hostile Government? Shall
I say to the sons of gallant old Virginia, the
mother of our own State, that it is highly proba-
ble that, very soon, if they want to visit the soil
where their fathers and mothers, the man who
wrote the Declaration of Independence, the one
who drafted the Constitution, and the one who,
with our poor and half-starved armies, drove the
British from our land, signed the Constitution,
and was our first President, all lie buried,—that
they will at some future day have the opportu-
nity, with a passport in their pockets, or, in cer-
tain events, they can do so with a torch in one
hand and a sword m the other? No, no! Let
me not bear this sad intelligence. In the name of
the patriotic sires who breasted the storms and
vicissitudes of the Revolution, by all the kindred
ties of this country; in the name of the many bat-
tles fought for our freedom; m behalf of the young
and the old; in behalf of the arts and sciences,
civilization, peace, order, Christianity, and hu-
manity, 1 appeal to you to strike fi£in your limbs
the chains that bind them; come forth from that
loathsome prison, (parly caucxis,) and in this hour,
the most gloomy and disheartening to the lovers
of free institutions that has ever existed during
our country's history, arouse the drooping spirits
of our countrymen by putting forth your good
strong arms to assist in steadying the rocking
pillars of the mightiest Republic that has ever
had an existence.
Mr. Speaker, a word or two more, and I am
done. Revolution stalks over the land. States
have rebelled against the constituted authorities
of the Union, and now stand, sword m hand, pre-
pared to vindicate their new nationality; others
are preparing to take a similar position; rapidly
transpiring events are crowding on us with fear-
ful velocity; soon circumstances may force us into
an unnatural strife, in which the hand of brother
shall be uplifted against brother, and father againfit
son. My God, what a spectacle ! If all the evil
and calamities that have ever happened since the
world began could be gathered in one great catas-
trophe, its horrors could not eclipse, in their fright-
ful proportions, the drama that impends over us.
Whether this black cloud that drapes m mourning
the whole political heavens, shall break forth in
ail its frightful intensity, and make Christendom
weep at the terrible atrocities that will be enacted;
or, whether it will disappear, and the sky resume
its wanted serenity, and the whole earth be irra-
diated by the genial sunshine of peace once more,
aie the alternatives which this Congress, in my
judgment, have thepower to select between. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
STATU OF TIJE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. II. W. DAYIS,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1861.
The House liavtriir undoi consideration the leportfrom
the soieet committee of thirty-three—
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, said:
Mr. Spi:a.ker: We are at the end of the insane
revel of partisan license, which, for thirty years,
has, in the United States, worn the mask of Gov-
ernment. We are about to close the masquerade
by the dance of death. The nations of the world
look anxiously to see if the people, ere they tread
that measure, will conic to themselves, .
Yet in the early youth of our national life, we
are already exhausted by premature excesses.
The corruption of our political maxims has re-
laxed the tone of public morals, and degraded the
public authorities from the terror to the accom-
plices of evil-doers. Platform for fools—plunder
for thieves—offices fo*r service—power for ambi-
tion, unity in these essentials—diversity in the
immaterial matters of policy and legislation—
charity for every frailty—the voice of the peo-
ple is the voice of God—these maxims have sunk
into the public mind, have presided at the admin-
istration of public affairs, have almost effaced
the very idea of public duty. The Government,
under their disastrous influence, has gradually
ceased to fertilize the fields of domestic and use-
ful legislation,and pours itself, hkean impetuous
torrent, along the barren ravine of party and sec-
tional strife. It has been shorn of eveiy prerog-
ative that wore the austere aspect of authority
and power.
The President, no longer preceded by the fasces
and the ax, the emblems of supreme authority,
greets every popular clamor with wreathed smiles
and gracious condescension, is degraded to pre-
side in the palace of the nation over the distri-
bution of spoils among wrangling victors, dedi-
cates his great powers to forge or find arms to
perpetuate partisan warfare at the expense of the
public peace. The original ideas of the Consti-
tution have faded from men's minds. That the
United States is a Government entitled to respect
and command; that the Constitution furnishes a
remedy for every grievance, and a mode of redress
for every wrong; that the States are limited within
their spheres, are charged with no duties to each
other, and bear no relation to the other States ex-
cepting through their common head, the Govern-
ment of the United States; that those m authority
aloneaie chaigcd with power to repiess public
disorder, and compose the public discontents, re-
strain the conduct of the people and.of the States
within the barriers of the Constitution—these
salutary principles have faded from the popular
heart with the great interests which the Govern-
ment is charged to protect, and has gradually al-
lowed to escape from its grasp. Congress has
ceased to regulate commerce, to protect domestic
industry, to encourage our commercial marine, to
regulate the currency, to promote internal com-
merce by internal improvements—almost every
power useful to the people in its exercise has been
denied and abandoned, or so limited in its exer-
cise as to be useless; its whole activity hns been
dedicated to expansion abroad, and acquiring and
retaining power at home, till men have forgotten
that the Union is a blessing, and that they owe
to the United States allegiance paramount to that
to their respective States.
The consequence of this demoralization is that
States, without regard to the Federal Government,
assume to stand face to face and wage their own
quarrels, to adjust their own difficulties, to im-
pute to each other every wrong, to insist that in-
dividual States shall remedy every grievance, and
denouncing their failure to do so as cause ofcivd
war between the States; and as if the Constitu-
tion were silent and dead, and the power of the
Union utterly inadequate to keep the peace be-
tween them, unconstitutional commissioners flit
from State to State, or assemble at the national
capital, to counsel peace or instigate war. Sir,
these arc the causes which lie at the bottom of the
present dangers. These causes, which have ren-
dered them possible, and made them serious, must
be removed before they can ever be permanently
cured. They shake the fabric of our national
Government, it is to this fearful demoralization
of the Government and the people that we must
ascribe the disastrous defections whioh now per-
plex us with the fear of change in all that consti-
tuted our greatness. The operation of the Gov-
ernment has been withdrawn from the great public
interests, in order that competing parties might
not be embarrassed in the struggle for power by
diversities of opinion upon questions of policy;
and the public mind, in that struggle, has been
exclusively turned on the slavery question, which
no interest required to be touched by any depart-
ment of this Government. On that subject there
are widely marked diversities of opinion and in-
terest in the different portions of the Confederacy,
with few mediating influences to soften the col-
lision. In the struggle for party power,-the two
great regions of the country have been brought
face to face upon this most dangerous of all sub-
jects of agitation. The authority of the Govern-
ment was i*elaxed just when its power was akout
to be'assailed; and the people, emancipated from
every control, and their passions inflamed by the
fierce struggle for the Presidency, were the easy
prey of revolutionary audacity. *
Within two months after a formal, peaceful,
regular election of the Chief Magistrate of the
United States, in which the whole body of the peo-
ple of every State competed with zeal for the prize,
without any new event intervening, without any
new grievances alleged, without any new menaces
having been made, we have seen, in the short
course of one month, a small portion of the popu-
lation of six States transcend the bounds at a single
leap at once of the State and the national Consti-
tutions, usurp the extraordinary prerogative of
repealing the supreme law of the land, exclude the
great mass of their fellow-citizens from the pro-
tection of the Constitution, declare themselves
emancipated from the obligations which 'the Con-
stitution pronounces to be supreme over them and
over their laws, arrogate to themselves all the pre-
rogativesofindependentpower, rescind the acts of
cession of the public property, occupy the public
offices, seizethefortressesoftheUnited States con-
fided to the faith of the people'among whom they
were placed, embezzle the public arms concen-
trated there for the defense of the United States,
array thousands of men in arms against the United
States, and actually wage war on the Union, by be-
sicgingtwoof theirfortressesandfiring on a vessel
bearing, under the flag of the United States, rein-
forcements and provisions to one of them. The
very boundaries of right and wrong seem obliter-
ated, when we see a Cabinet minister, deliberately
for months, engaged in changing the distribution
ofpublicarms to places in the hands of those about
to resist the public authority, so as to place within
theirgrasp means of wagingwar against the United
States greater than they ever used against a foreign
foe; and another Cabinet minister, still holding his
commission under the authority of the United
States, still a confidential adviser of the President,
still bound by his oath to support the Constitution
of the United States, himself a commissioner from
his own State to another of the United States, for
the purpose of organizing and extending another
part of the same great scheme of lebcliion; and
the doom of the Republic seems sealed when the
President,surrounded by such ministers, permits,
without rebuke, the Government to be betrayed,
neglects the solemn warning of the first soldier of
the age, till almost every fort is a prey to domestic
treason, and accepts assurances of peace in his
time at the expense of leaving the national honor
unguarded. His message gives aid and comfort
to the enemies of the Union, by avowing his ina-
bility to maintain its integrity; and,paralyzed and
stupified, he stands amid the crash of the falling
Republic, still muttering, "Not in my time, not
in my time; after me the deluge!"
Sir, history, by her prophet Tacitus, has drawn
his character for posterity—major privato visas dum
privatus fait, et consensu omnium capax imperii nisi
imperasset. Yes, sir, nisi imperasset James Buch-
anan might have passed to the grave as one of the
men of the Republic equal to every station he
filled, and not incompetent for the highest. The
acquisition of supreme power has levealed his
incapacity, and crowns him with the unenviable
honor of the chief destroyer of his country's
greatness.
We have, Mr. Speaker, this day to deal, m a
great measure, with the consequences of his inca-
pacity. Persons usurping power in six or seven
Slates have thrown off their allegiance to the Uni-
ted States. It was fondly hoped that it was only
temporary, possibly a desperate contrivance to
restore the chief actors to power; but we a re now
authoritatively informed, by the response of South
Carolina to the kindly messenger from Vugima,
that their position is permanently fixed; that they
