766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
knew he had one. We acted upon the bill with-
out regard to his amendment, and passed it; and
now a reconsideration is moved. For myself, I
am willing to reconsider it, and am willing to act
upon the question now, or to put it off for reflec-
tion and examination. I see no necessity for ar-
raigning parties here on this subject. 1 do not
. know of any compromise upon this measure. I
heard from all sides of the Chamber that there
was nothing in the bill that could be construed in
any way in relation to slavery; and therefore it
■was understood all around that nothing should be
proposed upon this side of the Chamber to be put
in on that subject. I suppose the bill was drawn
in that way in good faith. If so, I will stand by
it; but if not in good faith, I repudiate it alto-
gether, and wash my hands of it.
Mr. QpUGLAS. One word more, and I am
willing that the vote shall be taken. The Senator
from Massachusetts says he is willing to vote for
a bill allowing the people of the Territories to
elect their officers, whenever it is introduced.
Hero I have introduced it, in accordance with that
willingness, but he sees no necessity forits being
introduced. Very great willingness is that! He
is willing to favor a thing when it is introduced,
and yet he will not introduce it himself, and com-
plains when others do! He votes for,the bill,
however, on the ground that there is no word in
it oil the subject of slavery. I am rejoiced to find
that the two sides of the House, representing the
two sides of the " irrepressible conflict," find it
impossible, when they get into powei^ to practi-
cally carry on the Government without coming
to non-intervention, and saying nothingupon the
subject of slavery. Although they may not vote
for my .proposition, Uie fact that they have to
avow tlmt the principle upon which they have
fought me for years is the only one upon which
they can possibly agree, is conclusive evidence
that I have been right ill that principle, and that
they have been wrong in fighting- me upon it. My
complaint is, not lluit they have compromised 011
that principle, but that when they suppose tliey
liave, they put iit a clause inconsistent with it,
and I want lhat clause out of the bill—110 more.
« The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
will the Senate reconsider the vote by which this
bill was passed? Upon this question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Do 1 understand that the
Senator from Illinois desires this to bcatestvote;
anil that he waives the question of courtesy?
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am entirely willing that it
shall be u test vote. As it is a compromise, I do
not want to disturb it.
Mr. GWIN. I will vote to reconsider, because
I have been cheated out of the name. The Terri-
tory in which the Colorado river is, through which
it runs, I think ought to have the name of Colo-
rado. I think it is the handsomest name that
could be given to any Territory or State. I am
going to vole to reconsider, in order to strike
that name out. That is my objection to the bill.
J want to give that name to the Territory of
Arizona.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays SI; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Hayard, Crittenden, Douglas. Foot,
Gwiu, Kennedy, I ..allium, Nieliobon, Pugh, and Wilson.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Biglm. Bingham, Oragg,
Bright, Oameion, Chandler, Clark, Ciingtnan, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, t'essenden, Foster, Green,
Ginnes, Uailmi, Hemphill, John&ou of Tennessee, King,
Lane, Morrill, Polk, Sauishury, Seward, Simmons, Ten
Eyok, Tiumhult, Wade, and Wilkinson—31.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the bill.
BILL BECOMES A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glo ssbrknnek, bis Secretary,
announced that the Presidentof the United States
had approved and signed, on the 5th instant, an
act (S. No. 64) to authorize the extension and
use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun, and
Hampshire Railroad, within the city of George-
town,
LOAN BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the first amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H, It. No. 972) authorizing a
Joan, and had disagreed to the second amendment
of the Senate, and asked for a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and
had appointed Mr. John Sherman of Ohio, Mr.
John S. Phelps of Missouri, and Mr. Thad-
deus Stevens of Pennsylvania, managers at the
same on the part of the House.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives having corrected the clerical
error in the engrossment of the amendments of
the House to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 714) establishing certain post
routes, he was directed to return the bill and
amendments to the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide for a super-
intendent of Indian affairs in Washington Terri-
tory, and additional Indian agents; and
A bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Moses
Meeker.
PRINTING 01? DOCUMENTS.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had ordered,on the 5th instant, at twelve o'clock
and eight minutes, the printing of a letter from
the Secretary of State, announcing that, on that
day, he had transmitted to the Senate the annual
report 011 commercial relations with foreign na-
tions.
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 6th
instant, the printing of the following documents:
Message from the President of the United States,
transmitting resolutions of the State of Kentucky,
applying for the call of a convention for propos-
ing amendments to the Constitution of the Ufiited
States—ordered at twelve o'clock and fourteen
minutes.
_ A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting additional estimates for the service of the
ordnance department—ordered at twelve o'clock
and sixteen minutes.
A letter from the acting Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a letter from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and accompanying
papers, in regard to the numbering of the claim of
Gervacio Noland and Serafin Ramorez—ordered
at twelve o'clock and sixteen minutes.
, A letter from the acting Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting documents in relation to the
private land claim of the heirs of Louis Maria C.
do Baca—ordered at twelve o'clock and sixteen
minutes.
Memorial of the Governor and Legislature of
Utah Territory, praying for the construction of a
railroad from some point on the Missouri river to
Sacramento, California, via either the Box Elder
or Lodge Pole Creek pass in the Black hills,&c.—
ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes.
A memorial of the Legislature of Utah, praying
an appropriation of $3,000 to the Utah library—
ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes.
Resolutions of the Legislature of Minnesota in
relation to the Pacific railroad—ordered at twelve
o'clock and twenty minutes.
LOAN BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its second
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 972) author-
izing a loan, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives; and
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Resolved, Ti1.1t the Senate insist upon its amendment to
the ^aid bill, disagieed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Oidcred, That the committee of conference 011 the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
And Mr. Pearce, Mr. Gwin, and Mr. An-
thony were appointed.
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
for to-day ut one o'clock, was the bill (H. R. No.
338) fo authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties 011 imports, &,c.; but the message of the
President of the United States, communicating the
resolutions of the Legislature of Virginia, being
the unfinished business of yesterday, takes prece-
dence; and the Senator from Tennessee is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. CAMERON. "Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question ? I desire to know what will be
the condition of the bill just announced by the
Chair after the Senator has made his remarks?
Mr. BIGLER. I will state to my colleague
that it will be at the disposition of the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the unfinished
business of yesterday shall be disposed of, the
Chair will then call up this special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
. dent, yesterday I proceeded in the discussion, in
answer to some of the attacks that had been made
on me, to consider the question of the free navi-
gation of the Mississippi" river; and I shall leave
my remarks on that subject at that point, and
shall take up another sentence of the Senator from
Oregon. I have no disposition to do the Senator
from Oregon, or any other Senator, injustice. In
this connection, I will say, as I have intimated
before, that I thought his attack upon 111c unkind
and uncalled for. Let that be as it may, it is not
my disposition or my intention, on this occasion,
to do him injustice. I intend to do him full jus-
tice. In the reply that he made to me—to which
1 yesterday referred—he gave the contradiction
direct to what I stated in the presidential canvass,
in answer to the charge that had been made that
you, Mr. President, and the Senator from Ore-
gon,were disunionists; were in favorofsecession;
*and that you were used by what was called the
seceding or disunion party for the purpose of dis-
rupting and breaking up the Government. I met
those charges—because I believed they were un-
true, thatthey were notfounded in fact—in various
places, before large assemblies, and, I thought,
successfully, at least to my own mind, exonerated
you and the candidate for the Vice Presidency
from the charge. I confess it was somewhat mor-
tifying to me, after the reply which the Senator
made, to have to say to the people, and the coun-
try generally, that I vindicated him against a
charge which was true; for, when we take up his
speech here in reply to the remarks that I made
on that occasion, none of which had the slightest
reference to him, involving neither his position
before the country, nor his consistency as a legis-
lator, we find that he took bold ground, advocat-
ing and justifying secession, arguing, in fact, that
it was constitutional. I felt, after that speech,
that I was involved in inconsistency before my
people, an inconsistency in which I ought not to
have been involved.
But in that same speech, in which the honora-
ble Senator involved me in these contradictions,
he goes on to state—and I will do him justice by
reading his speech,for I do not want to misquote
him:
"But,sir,understand me; I am not adisumonist. lam
for the right, and I would have it in the Union; and if it
cannot be obtained there, I would go out of tlio Union, and
have that out of the Union that I could not obtain in it,
though I was entitled to it."
Mr. President, I have called the attention of the
Senate to the paragraph of the Senator's speech
which I have just read, in which hedisavows dis-
union sentiments; but when you take the preced-
ing part of his speech, you find that he advocates
the doctrine of disunion and secession almost from
the beginning up to the sentence that I have read.
It seems to me it is paradoxical; but that may be
my misfortune, not his. He may be capable of
reconciling the conflict, the seeming inconsistency
of first advocating the doctrine of dissolution, se-
cession, and disunion, and then at the same time
exclaiming that he is no disumonist. I do not
know how a Senator can be for Lhe Union, and at
the same time concede the right that a State has
the authority to secede unde* the Constitution;
that it is justified in seceding, and ought to secede;
that when it demands rights in the Union that it
cannot get, it should go out of the Union to ob-
tain that which could not be obtained in it. But
let all that pass. 1 wish to do him no injustice;
and therefore I desired to call attention, m the
remarks that I am making, to his disclaimer of
being a disunionist and a secessionist.
Mr. President, the Senatoi, 111 the scnlence I
have quoted, assumes that South Carolina, for
instance, had the ri;>ht to secede; and heassumes,
also, that South Carolina can obtain that out of
the Union which she has failed to obtain in it.
