182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
36tii Con©....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
desire to have, and will have, no further political
connection with the United States; and a distin-
guished gentleman, until within one month a mem-
ber of the Senate of the.United States, recently-
elected President of the revolutionary convention
at Montgomery , has informed us in his inaugural
speech, that it is their purpose finally to sever
their connection with the United States, and to
take all the consequences of organizing an inde-
pendent republic.
Mr. Speaker, we are driven to one of two al-
ternatives; we must recognize what we have been
told more than once upon this floor is an accom-
plished fact—the independence of the rebellious
States—or w&must refuse to acknowledge it, and
accept all the responsibilities that attach to that
refusal. Recognize them ! Abandon the Gulf and
coast of Mexico; surrender the forts of the Uni-
ted States; yield the privilege of free commerce
and free intercourse; strike down the guarantees
of the Constitution for our fellow-citizens in all
that wide region; create a thousand miles of in-
terior frontier to be furnished with internal cus-
tom-houses, and armed with internal forts, them-
selves to be a prey to the next caprice of State
sovereignty; organize a vaststandingarmy, ready
at amoment's warning to resistaggression; create
upon our southern boundary a perpetual foothold
for foreign Powers whenever caprice, ambition,
or hostility may see fit to invite tho despot of
France or the aggressive power of England to at-
tack us upon our undefended frontier; sever that
unity of territory which we have spent millions,
and labored through three generations, to create
and establish; pull down the flag of the United
States and take a lower station among tho nations
of the earth; abandon the high prerogative of
leading the march of freedom,'the hope of strug-
gling nationalities, the terror of frowning tyrants,
the boastof the world, the light of liberty—to be-
come the sport and prey of despots whose thrones
we consolidate by our fall—to be greeted by Mex-
ico with the salutation: "Art thou also become
wealcaswo? art thoubecome like unto us?" This
is recognition.
Refuse to recognize! We must not coerce a
State in the peaceful process of secession. We
must not coerce a State engaged in the peaceful
process of firing into a United States vessel, to
prevent the reinforcement of a United States fort.
We must not coerce States which, without any
declaration of war, or any act of hostility of any
kind, have united, as have Mississippi, Florida,
and Louisiana, their joint forces to seize a public
fortress. We must not coerce a State which has
planted cannon upon its shores to prevent the free
navigation of the Mississippi. Wo must not
coerce aState which has robbed the United States
Treasury. This is peaceful secession !
Mr. Speaker, I do not design to quarrel with
gentlemen about words. I do not wish to say one
word which will exasperate the already too much
inflamed state of the public mind; but I say that
the Constitution of tho Unilcd States, and the laws
made in pursuance thereof, must be enforced; and
they .who stand across the path of that enforce-
ment must either destroy the power of the United
States or it will destroy them. [Loud applause
in the galleries.] 1 trust in God that any such
collision is years, centuries—yea, thousands of
years off. I see no necessity for it. 1 think it
may be avoided by prudent administration, till the
people shall come to themselves. But the laws
of the United States provide their own method of
enforcement; and when they are enforced, those
who resist must take the consequences.
I think the revenues may be collected in dis-
affected ports, on board United States ships. I
think the laws of commerce may be enforced by
allowing no vessel to pass out unless she has
papers of the United States on board. The postal
routes and arrangements maybe sustained or sus-
pended, as the interests of the Government or the
disturbed condition of the localities may require.
The courts of justice, if needs be, may be sup-
ported as they were in Utah; or we may remove
the courts, extend the districts over several States,
and locate tho courts in States which are not dis-
turbed. These are the regular peaceful methods
of enforcing the laws of the United States. These
methods, if pursued, will allow time for reflection;
cooling time to the people, excited by a fierce po-
litical canvass, and surprised on a sudden, unpre-
pared, by revolutionary Contrivances prepared
beforehand. We c'an await the inevitable time of.
division, discord, and resistance to taxation and
military exactions.
But the Government of the United States is
vested by the Constitution with adequate power
to meet every emergency. It is required to guar-
anty a republican form of Government to every
State. A Government whose executive, legisla-
ture, and judicial officers are not sworn to support
the Constitution of the United States, is mere
usurpation, and not a republican Government. It
will never be recognized for any purpose. If the
loyal citizens of any State whose authorities have
usurped the prerogative of repealing the Consti-
tution of the United States, shall see fit to organ-
ize for themselves a government, the President
can recognize them, and the President can sup-
port them. Among the powers granted by the
Constitution is the power to suppress insurrec-
tion; it does not except insurrections ordered by
State authority, and they will be suppressed as
promptly as others. The Constitution authorizes
Congress to provide for calling forth the militia
to enforce the laws, and it makes no exception of
those laws which a State may see fit to oppose;
and if to the regular execution of the laws of the
United States, armed resistance shall be made, the
Government has authority to disperse those who
oppose the enforcement. The Constitution for-
bids any State to keep troops or ships-of-war in
time of peace; and if troops be organized by any
State, the United States have power to require
them to be disbanded, and to disperse them if they
bo not disbanded. If ships-of-war shall be built,
they have a right, under the Constitution, to re-
quire them to be disposed of, or, if that be refused,
they may sink them. Whether that shall be done,
is a matter of discretion. If States levy troops
and attack no one, the United States may well let
them eat their own heads off. The cost will soon
disperse them. But if they assail the United
States, or other States, or loyal citizens of the
United States, in the disaffected State, then the
blame of collision rests on those who compelled
the United States to resistance.
In this manner, without anything like war upon
States, without any attempt to do damage to any
citizens, excepting those who may have arrayed
themselves in arms against the United States, the
Government can vindicate its authority and main-
tain its power. This is not war. The Consti-
tution calls it enforcing the laws. It is no more
war than arresting a criminal is war. It is sup-
porting the civil power by the military arm,
against unlawful combinations too powerful to be
otherwise dealt with. The guilt of the actors is
not extenuated by State authority, still less by
that of the revolutionary conventions. By their
sanction they become participators in the guilt
and liable to the punishment of the armed actors.
War is the struggle between two Powers to do
each other the greatest possible harm, subject only
to international law. But when the United States
suppress an insurrection, or enforce tho laws,
they harm only those actually resisting, and them
only so far as to remove their resistance to the
civil arm. Its end is their dispersion. TheUnited
States carry the Constitution before their arms;
its provisions hedge in their bayonets; and every
weapon sinks when its authority is admitted.
Conquest in war is absolute despotism; the tri-
umph of the United States is the restoration of
constitutional liberty.
But, Mr. Speaker, the marvel still remains to
be explained, how it is that, in this free republi-
can land, over so wide a region of country, peo-
ple hitherto loyal to the United States have so
suddenly taken such strange and revolutionary
courses.
First, sir, it is because there is, and has bean for
years, a revolutionary faction in many of them,
disguised by being mingled in the ranks of a great
political party, but always working to accomplish
its treasonable purposes.
It is because of tho tenacity with which de-
feated politicians—not revolutionists, but acting
with them—cling to power, determined to rule or
to ruin the Government.
They have the power to bring these great dis-
asters upon the country only because the popular
mind has been aroused and excited by fierce dis-
cussions upon the topic of slavery, on which tho
southern people are so justly sensitive. By the
grossest misrepresentations of tH# purposes of
the great body of the northern people, by per-
petual and reiterated misrepresentation and exag-
geration of their feelings, a hostile state of feeling
has been created throughout a great portion, ifnot
throughout the whole, of the South, which bor-
ders upon revolution itself. A state of fear, an
undefined dread, a sense of insecurity, has been
inspired by the course of the political canvass in
the South. The mischiefhas been done at home.
The mischiefhas been done by the violent strug-
gles of parties for supremacy. Both have striven
each to blacken their common opponents at the
North,by imputing to themopimonsand purposes
which both execrate; and one has imputed sym-
pathy with the same opinions to their political op-
ponents at the South. Whatever disturbance
exists there, the great, the main, the substantial
cause of it is not the conduct of the people of the
free States, but the conduct of the political can-
vass at the South, the course of the debate by
southern gentlemen in this House, the mode in
which they have, consciously or unconsciously,
exaggerated and blackened the purposes ofgentle-
men upon the other side of the House, and habit-
ually circulated at home imflammatory speeches
of certain northern gentlemen which, I submit,
they ought to have known did not represent the
feelings of the great body of the people of the
North, however well they may represent that
small faction called there "Abolitionists."
I say that is the real, the chief, the exciting
cause of the existing disturbances; and, sir, in my
judgment, without constitutional amendments, or
the passage of one law,if gentlemen will only re-
move the impression that they have erroneously
left upon their people's minds; if they will only
go and say to them what they have heard said
again and again on this floor by the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] by
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Coit-
win,] so ofte.n, and by so many of his colleagues
upon this floor, and what is now said still moie
formally by the resolutions adopted by Repub-
lican votes in the committee of thirty-threej and
reported by the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, that there exists no purpose, directly or in-
directly, to disturb or interfere in any manner with
the institution of slavery within the States, and
that the only question is, whether it shall go into
the poor, miserable, worthless Territory of New
Mexico or not; if they will go and toll the people
that, there would be peace and quiet throughout
the whole South within a month after they made
the explanation. But, sir, from the course of de-
bate in this House, I have small hope of that nat-
ural, prompt, and honest remedy. They who
profit by the error will not correct it.
A committee has been raised charged with de-
vising such measures as will at once assuage the
existmgdiscontents. avoid the occasions of future
irritation, and tender such guarantees to the sen-
sitive interests of the South as, in the absence of
those just recantations by politicians of the South,
will still give peace, quiet, and security to tho
southern people. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to lay
before the House, in as plain and brief a manner
as I can, the results to which the committee
charged with that duty have come; to compare
the remedies that the majority and minority of
the- committee respectively propose, and to con-
trast the complaints and the remedies of the mi-
nority with themselves.
The first cause of irritation is the personal lib-
erty bills. Both portions of the committee pro-
pose arecommendation that theyshall bcrepealed.
The votes of the committee and of the House on
that subject ought to remove every trace of dis-
satisfaction or suspicion.
Great irritation has grown out of tho obstruc-
tions to the execution of the act for the delivery
of fugitives from service. The repeal of those
bills ought to be accompanied by an amendment
of that law. The minority of the committee,
headed by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Taylor,] who took his leave of us the other day,
propose on that subject, an amendment to the
Constitution, requiring that when fugitives are
rescued by violence the United States shall pay
