1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Let us raise the inquiry here: what is it, since she
entered into this Confederacy ofStates, that South
Carolina has desired or asked at the hands of the
Federal Government, or demanded upon consti-
tutional ground,thatshehasnotobtained? What
^reat wrong, what great injury, has been inflicted
upon South Carolina by her continuance in this
Union of States? X know it is very easy, and
even Senators have fallen into the habit of it, to
repeat some phrases almost as a chorus to a song;
such as " if we cannot get our rights in the Union,
we will go out of the Union and obtain those
rights; that we are for the equality of the States
in the Union, and if we cannot get it we will go
out of the Union*" I suppose to bring about that
equality. What is the point of controversy in
the public mind.at this time ? Let us look at the
question as it is. We know that the issue which
lias been before the country to a veiy great ex-
tent, and which, in fact, has recently occupied the
consideration of the public, is the territorial ques-
tion. It is said that South Carolina has been re-
fused her rights in the Union, with reference to
that territorial question, and therefore she is going
out of the Union to obtain that which she cannot
get in it.
Now, Mr. President, when we come to exam-
ine this subject, how does the matter stand? I
showed yesterday, in reference to the protection
of slave property in the Territories of this Con-
federacy, that South Carolina, in connection with
the distinguished Senatqj* from Oregon, had voted
expressly that no slavery code was needed; that
no furl her protection was needed, so far as Con-
gress was concerned. They decided it here in this
body. South Carolina, by her own vote, on the
25th day of May last, decicled that she needed no
further protection in the Territories of the United
States, so far as Congress was concerned. The
Senator from Oregon voted with her. That vote
s< omuil to be connected with and predicated upon
the great fact thatthe Supreme Courtof the United
State* had decided this question; that they had de-
clared the Missouri compromise—in other words,
the law excluding slavery north of 36° 30', and
making it permissive south of 36° 30'—unconsti-
tutional and void; and, according to our forms of
Government, it was in fact stricken from the stat-
ute-book by the decision of the court. They
thereby said to the country, the supreme arbiter
of the land, so made by the Constitution of the
United States, has dccided that the people have a
right, without regard to the character or descrip-
tion of their property, to carry it into all the Ter-
ritories of the United States, and that under the
Constitution of the United States it is protected
there. It was said, the court having decided that
they had a right to go there with this institution
of slavery, and the Constitution finding it there,
it was recognized and protected by the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
In this connection, permit me to go outside of
the Senate Chamber, and state what occurred m
my own State. There, those who were the best
fi lend* of the distinguished Senator from Oregon,
and who arc ultra upon this subject, before thou-
sands of the people of that State took the bold
ground that they wanted no further protection
irom Congress; that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and the opinion of the Supreme Court
were all the slavery code they desired; that the
question was settled; that the power was com-
plete: and that protection was ample.
In this connection, sir. we must recollect the
denton made by the Senate upon the resolutions
introduced by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Dam-/} on the 25th day of May last. On that
day, under the solemn sanction of an oath, and
ail the formalities of legislation spread upon the
Journals, the yeas and nays being taken, we do-
rian (1, after an argument on the subject, that no
further piutcction was needed at that time. The
Senate went on and stated, in the fifth resolution—
£ giv>1 the substance, I do not pretend to repeat the
words—that if hereafter it should become neces-
sary to have protection of this kind, then Congress
should give it; but they said it was unnecessary
at that time. If South Carolina and the Senator
frnm Oregon took this position then, what has
transpired since that period of time that now jus-
tices a State in withdrawing or seceding fiom tins
Union, on account of Congress not doing that
which they declaicd was not necessary to be done r
But let us take the fact as it is. South Caro-
lina,itis said, wanted protection in theTerritories.
I have shown that she said, herself, that further
protection was not needed; but if it should be
needed, then Congress should give it. But South
Carolina—the Kingdom of South Carolina—in
the plenitude of her power, and upon her own
volition, without consultation with the other States
of this Confederacy, has gone out of the Union,
or assumed to go out. The next inquiry is: what
docs South Carolina now get, in the language of
the distinguished Senator from Oregon, out of the
Union that she did not get in the Union ? Is there
a man in South Carolina to-day that wants to carry
a single slave into any Territory we have got in
the United States that is now unoccupied by slave
property? I am almost ready to hazard the as-
sertion that there is not one. If he had not the
power and the right to carry his slave property
into a Territory while in the Union, has he ob-
tained that right now by going out of the Union ?
Has anything been obtained by violating the
Constitution of the United States, by withdraw-
ing from the sisterhood of States, that could not
have been obtained in it? Can South Carolina,
now, any more conveniently and practically carry
slavery into the Territories than she could before
she went out of the Union ? Then what has she
obtained? What has she got, even upon the doc-
trine laid down by the distinguished SenatoHSrom
Oregon ?
But it is argued, striding over the Constitution
and violating that comity and faith which should
exist amongst the States composing this Confed-
eracy, that she had a right to secede; she had a
right to carry slaves into the Territories; and
therefore, she will secedeandgo out of the Union.
This reasoning on the part of South Carolina is
about as sound as that of the madman, who as-
sumed that he had dominion over the beasts of the
forest, and therefore that he had a right to shear
a wolf. His friends remonstrated with him,and,
admitting his right to do so, inquired of him if he
had considered the danger and the difficulty of the
attempt. " No," said the madman, " I have not
considered that; that is no part of my considera-
tion; man has the dominion over the beasts of the
forest, and therefore he has a right to shear a
wolf; and as I have aright to do so, I will exer-
cise it." His friends still remonstrated and ex-
postulated, and asked him, not only u Have you
considered the danger, the difficulty, and the con-
sequences resulting from such an attempt; but,
what will the shearing be worth "But," he
replied, "I have the right, and therefore I will
shear a wolf." South Carolina has the right,
according to the doctrine of the seceders and dis-
unionists of this country, to go out of the Union,
and therefore she will go out of the Union.
And what, Mr. President, has South Carolina
gained by going out? It has been just about as
profitable an operation as the shearing of the wolf
by the madman. Can she now carry slaves into
the Territories ? Does she even get any division
of the Territories ? None; she has lost all that.
Does she establish a right? No; but by the exer-
cise of this abstract right, as contended for by
secessionists, what has she got ? Oppression, tax-
ation, a reign of terror over her people, as the
result of their rashness in the exercise of this as-
sumed light. In what condition is herp°ople now?
They have gone out of the Union to obtain their
rights, to maintain their liberty, to get that out of
the Union which they could not get in it! While
they were in the Union, they were not taxed a
million and some six or seven or eight hundred
thousand dollars in addition to their usual ex-
penditures, to sustain standing armies and to meet
other expenditures which are incurred by sepa-
ration. But still she has the right to tax her peo-
ple; she has the right to institute a reign of terror;
she has the right to exclude her people from the
ballot-box; and she has exercised the right, antf
these are the consequences. &hc has got her rights I
She has gone out of the Union to be free, and has
introduced a galling system of tyranny. She has
gone out of the Union to be lehevcd from taxes,
and has increased the burdens upon her people
fourfold. All this is in the exeieise of her right!
Mr. President, when we examine this subject,
and follow it step by step, to sue what is gained by
this movement, human teason deplores the folly
winch it exhibits. The public mind seems to
have been inflamed to madness, and in its deli-
rium it overbears all restraint. To some it ap-
pears that our admirable system of civil liberty
is crumbling to pieees; that the temple of liberty
is upheaved; that its columns are falling, and that
nothing will remain but a general ruin ; and in
their consternation too many stand back appalled,
and take no position for the relief of their country
in the pending crisis. But, sir, the relations that
we bear to the people of the United States,behoove
every man, whether Senator or Representative,
or even private citizen, to come forward as a patriot
and lover of his country, and look at the condition
of the country asitis. Without regard to the con-
sequences upon myself, I have determined to meet
this question, and to present my views to the
country in such form as I believe to be right and
proper.
Sir, let us look at the contest through which
we are passing, and consider what South Caro-
lina, and the other States who have undertaken
to secede from the Confederacy, have gained.
What is the great difficulty which has existed in
the public mind ? We know that, practically, the
territorial question is settled. Then what is the
cause for breaking up this great Union ofStates ?
Has the Union or the Constitution encroached
upon the rights of South Carolina or any other
State? Has thisglorious Union, that was inaugu-
rated by the adoption of the Constitution, which
was framed by the patriots and sages of the Revo-
lution, harmed South Carolina or any other State ?
No; it has offended none; it has protected all.
What is the difficulty ? We have some bad men
in the South—the truth 1 will speak—and we have
some bad men in the North, who want to dis-
solve this Union in order to gratify their unhal-
lowed ambition. And what do we nnd here upon
this floor and upon the floor of the other House
of Congress ? Words of crimination and recrim-
ination are heard. Bad men North say provoking
things in reference to the institutions of the South,
and bad men and bad tempered men of the South
say provoking and insulting things in return; nnd
so goes on a warof crimination and recrimination
in reference to the two sections of the country,
and the institutions peculiar to each. They be-
come enraged and insulted, and then they are de-
nunciatory of each other; and what is the result?
The Abolitionists, and those who entertain their
sentiments, abuse men of the South, and men of
the South abuse them in return. They do not
fight each other; but they both become offended
and enraged. One is dissatisfied with the other;
one is insulted by the other; and then, to seek re-
venge, to gratify themselves, they both agree to
make war upon the Union that never offended or
injured either. Is this right? What has this
Union done ? Why should these contending par-
ties make war upon it because they have insulted
and aggrieved each other? Thisglorious Union,
that was spoken into existence by the fathers of
the country, must be made war upon to gratify
these animosities. Shall we, because we have said
bitter things of each other which have been offens-
ive, turn upon the Government, and seek its de-
struction, and entail all the disastrous conse-
quences upon commerce, upon agriculture, upon
the industrial pursuits of the country, that must
result from the breaking up of a gieat Govern-
ment like this ? What is to be gained out of the
Union that we cannot get in it? Anything? I
have been zealously contending for—and intend to
continue to contend for—every right, even to the
ninth part of a hair, that I feel the State which I
have the honor in part to represent is entitled to.
I do not intend to demand anything but that wluch
is right; and I will remark, in this connection,
that there is a spirit in the country which, if it
does not exist to a very great extent in this Ilall,
does exist in the great mass of the people North
and South, to do what is right; and if the ques-
tion could be taken away from politicians; if it
could be taken away from the Congress of the
United States, and referred to the great mass of
the intelligent voting population of the United
States, they would settle it without the slightest
difficulty, and bid defiance to secessionists and
disuniomsts. [Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. "There must be
many persons in the galleries who have been
warned again and again that order must be main-
tained. 1 hope not to have occasion to refer to
the subject again.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Mr. President,
I have an abiding confidence in the people; and
