'7-68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
if it were so arranged to-day that the great mass
of the American people could be assembled in an
amphitheater capacious enough to contain them
all, and tile propositions which have been pre-
sented here to preserve this Union, could be re-
duced to a tangible shape, and submitted to th.em,
politicians being left out of view, the question
being submitted to the great mass of the people,
it being their interest to do right, they being lovers
of their country, having; to pay all, having to pro-
duce all, having to provide all, there would be but
one single response, " Do that which will give
satisfaction, ample and complete, to thevariousand
conflicting sections of this glorious Republic."
But, sir, how are we situated? There are pol-
iticians here, and throughout the land, some of
'"whom want to break up the Union, to promote
their own personal aggrandizement; some, on the
other hand, desire the Union destroyed that sla-
very may be extinguished. Then let me appeal
to every patriot in the land, in view of this state
of things, to come forward and take the Govern-
ment out of the hands of the Goths and Yandals,
wrest it from the Philistines, save the country,
and hand it down to our children as it has been
handed dowrl to us.
I have already asked what is to be gained by
the breaking up of this Confederacy. An appeal
is made to the border slaveholding States to unite
in what is commonly styled the Gulf confederacy.
If there is to be a division of this "Republic, I would
rather see the line run anywhere than between
the slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States,
and the division made on account of a hostility,
on the one hand, to the institution of slavery, and
a prefeicnce for it, on the? other; for whenever that
line is drawn, it is the line of civil war; it is the
line at which the overthrow of slavery begins;
the line from which it commences to recede. Let
me ask the border States, if that state of things
should occur, who is to protect them in the enjoy-
ment of their slave property' Will South Caro-
lina, (hat has gone madly out, protect them ? Will
Mississippi and Alabama and Louisiana, still
further down towards the Gulf? Will they come
to our rescue, and protect us? Shall we partake
of their phrenzy, adopt the mistaken policy into
which they have fallen, and begin the work of
the destruction of the institution in which we are
equally interested with them ? I have already
said that I believe the dissolution of this Union
will be the commencement of the overthrow and
destruction of the institution of slavery In a
northern confederacy, or in a southern confeder-
acy, or in a middle confederacy, the border slave-
holding States will have to take care of that par-
ticular species of property by their own strength,
and by whatever influence they may exert in the
organization in which they may be placed. The
Gulf Stmtes cannot, they will not, protect us. We
shall have to protect ourselves, and perchance to
protect than. As I remarked yesterday, my own
opinion is, that the great desire to embrace the
border States, as they aie called, in tin's partic-
ular and exclusive southern confederacy, which
it is proposed to get up, is not that they want us
there out of pure good \v ill, but they want us there
as a matterof interest; sotliatif they are involved
in war, in making acquisitions of territory still
further south, or war growing out of any other
cause, they may have a corjis de resen^e, they may
have a power behind, that can furnish them men
and money—men that have the hearts and the souls
to fight and meet an enemy, come from what
quarter lie may.
What have we to gain by that? The fact that
two taken from four leaves but two remaining, is
not clearer to my mind that it is that the dissolu-
tion of the Union is the beginning of the destruc-
tion ot slavery; and that if a division be accom-
plished, as some desire, directly between the
slaveholding and the non-slaveholding States, the
work will be commenced most effectually. Upon
this point, I propose to read a short extract from
feoutn Carolina herself. Mr. Boyce, late a mem-
ber of the other House, a distinguished man, a
man of talent,and I believe agood man, and who,
I have no doubt, in his heart this day regrets most
deeply and sincerely the course which South Cai-
olma has taken, said, in 1851, when the same issue
was presented:
Secession, .-cparatc nationality, with all its burdens, is
no rcuiudy. It is no redress Tor tiie p;ist; it is no security
lor the future. 1t is only a magn iilcent sacrifice to the pres-
ent, without in anywise gaining in the future." * *
* •* « pur various reasons I have stated, 1 object
in as strong terms as I can, to the secession of South Car-
olina. Such is the intensity of my conviction on this sub-
ject, that if secession should take place—of which I have
no idea, for I cannot believe in the existence of such a stu-
pendous madness—I shall consider the institution of slavery
as doomed, and that the great God, in our blindness, has
made us the instruments 01 its destruction."
He said then, that if South Carolina, in her
madness, (but he didnotbelieve she could,) should
determine upon secession, he would look upon it
that the great God had doomed the institution of
slavery. This is the opinion of one of the most
distinguished and, I conscientiously believe, best
men of South Carolina.
But, sir, I pass on from the paragraph of the
speech of the honorable Senator from Oregon to
which I have referred; and as there seems to have
been a sort of arrangement—at least it appears so
to my mind—to make and keep up an attack on
me, because I agreed with Mr. Boyce of South
Carolina ill this respect; because I agreed with
many distinguished men; and because 1 advanced
the doctrines of the fathers who formed the Re-
public, 1 shall take up these Senators in the order
in which I was attacked. Without being egotist-
ical, without being vain, when I feel that I have
got truth on my side, when I feel that I am stand-
ing, .on principle, when I know that I have got
factsN^id arguments that cannot be answered, I
never inquire as to the difference of ability or ex-
perience Between myself and those with whom 1
have to contend.
The next Senator in order that made an attack
upon me on account of my previous speech was
the distinguished Senator from Mississippi, [Mr
Davis,] who took occasion to do so in making his
valedictory address lo the Senate after his State
had passed her ordinance of secession. It lias
been the case not only with that Senator, but with
others, that an attempt has been made by innuendo,
by indirection, by some side remark, to convey
the impression that a certain man has a tendency
or bearing towards Black Republicanism or Ab-
olitionism. Sometimes gentlemen who cannot
establish such a charge, are yet willing to make
it. not directly, but by innuendo; to create a false
impression on the public mind—
Willing lo wound, but yet afraid to strike."
If the charge can be successfully made, why not
make it directly, instead of conveying it by innu-
endo? The Senator from Mississippi did not at-
tempt to reply to my speech, did not answer my
arguments, did not meet my authorities, did not
controvert my facts; but after reaching a certain
point in his own argument, he disposes of all that
I had said in these very few words:
" I am lloro confronted with a question which I will not
nr«\ie. The position which I have taken necessarily brings
me to its consideration. Without arguing it, I will merely
mention it. It is the light ofa Slate'to withdraw from the
ITnion. The President says it is not a constitutional right.
The Senator (loin Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and ilis ally, the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, argued it as no ijglit at all."
Is that the way for a Senator, a distinguished
Senator, an Ajax of Ins peculiar sect—for when
we come to examine this doctrine of secession,
it is only broad enough to found a sect upon; it
is not comprehensive enough, it has not scope
enough, to found a great national party on—to
notice the arguments of others ? The Senator from
Mississippi would not argue the rigiitof seces-
sion. I say, that if any government be organized
hereafter, in which this principle of secession is
recognized, it will result in its destruction and
overthrow. But the Senator says that the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and " his ally from
Tennessee," regard secession as no right at all;
and by that statement the whole argument is an-
swered. What is the idea here? Let us talk
plainly, though courteously and respectfully.
•What was the idea which this remark was calcu-
lated, if not intended, to convoy ? I am free to
say, that I think it was intended as well as calcu-
lated, to convey the impression that the Senator
from Tennessee was an ally of Mr. Wade, of
Ohio, who was a Republican, and the whole speech
of the Senator from Tennessee, the authorities,
the facts, and the aiguments, are all upturned by
that single allusion. Thank God, -there is too
much good sense and intelligence in this country,
to put down any man by an innuendo or side re-
mark like that. But, sir, so far as the people
whom I have the honor m part to represent are
concerned, I stand above innuendoes of that kind.
They have known me from my boyhood up.
They understand my doctrines and my principles,
in private and in public life. They have tried me
in every position in which it was in their power
to place a public servant, and they, to-day,
not say that Andrew Johnson ever deceived or
betrayed them. In a public life of twenty-five
years, they have never deserted or betrayed me;
and God willing, I will never desert or betray them.
The great mass of the people of Tennessee know
that I am for them; they know* that I have advo-
cated those great principles and doctrines upon
which the perpetuity of this Government depends;
they know that I have periled my all, pecuniarily
and physically, in vindication of their rights and
their interests. Little innuendoes, thrown off in
snarling moods, fall harmless at my feet.
It was said that I was the ally of the Senator
from Ohio. I turn to the doings of the committee
of thirteen to show who were allies there. I do
not inquire what a man Js antecedents have been
when there is a great struggle to preserve the ex-
istence of the Government; but my first inquiry
is, are you for preserving this Government; are
you for maintaining the Constitution upon which
it rests. If Senator Wade, or Senator anybody
else, is willing to come up to this great work,
either by amending the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, or passing laws that will preserve and
perpetuate this great Union, I am his ally and he
is mine; and I say to every Senator; to every
member of the House ofRepresentatives; to every
man that loves his country throughout the length
and breadth of this great Confederacy, if you are
for preserving this Union on its great and funda-
mental principles, I am your ally, without refer-
ence to your antecedents, or to what may take
place hereafter. I say to all such men, come for-
ward, and, like gallant knights, let us lock our
shields and make common cause for this glorious
people. If I were to indulge in a similar kind of
innuendo, by way of repartee, where would the
Senator from Mississippi find himself? In the
committee of thirteen, a resolution was introduced
by the distinguished Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,]—who, I must say, since this ques-
tion has sprung up, has given every indication of
a desire for reconciliation and for compromise,
and of a disposition to preserve the Government,
that a man occupying his position could do—to
this effect:
" Resolved, That the following: article be, and the same
is hereby, proposed and submitted an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States., to be valid, to all intents
and purposes, as a part of said Constitution, when ratified
by the Legislatures of three fourths* of the States :
"1. No amendment shall be made to the Constitution
which will authorize or give to Congress the power to abol-
ish, or huerierej within any State, with the domestic insti-
tutions thereof, including that of persons held to labor or
service by the laws of said State."
That was a proposition which was calculated,
to a very great extent, to allay the apprehensions
and the fears that have been entertained in the
South in reference to the institution of slavery.
Why do I say so ? We know what the argument
has been before the southern mind. It has been:
first, that the northern anti-slavery party wanted
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, as
an entering wedge; next, to exclude it from the
Territories, following up the attack upon slavery;
but these points were looked upon as of minor
importance; they were looked upon as outposts,
as the prelude to an interference wiih the institu-
tion within the States, which lias been supposed
to be the great end and the great consideration.
Do you not know this to be the argument: that
they were merely taking these positions as enter-
ing wedges to an interference with the institution
of slavery in the States ? Such is the real ques-
tion, and such it will mnam, the territorial ques-
tion being substantially settled. What docs Mr.
Seward, who has acquired so much notoriety by
his " irrepressible conflict, J,say? He comes here
and proposes an amendment to the Constitution,
which puts an estoppel upon his "irrepressible
conflict" doctrine. lie is willing to make it per-
petual, so that the institution cannot be interfered
with in the States by any future amendment of the
Constitution. That is Mr. Seward's measure.
Upon the adoption of that resolution, I believe
every member of the committee voted for it, save
two. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
voted for it; Mr. Seward voted for it; and Mr.
Wade, of Ohio, voted for it. Whose ally is he?
