1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tji Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Case.
Ho. o® Reps.
taken rather than the inference from a doubtful
political platform. Political platforms arc entitled
to small respect from any quarter. They are, sir,
nothing but {sails spread to catch the popular
breeze. It depends upon the pilot whether the
ship shall sail before the wind, or close-hauled
and in a different direction Least of all does it
become gentlemen, who first agreed that a Terri-
tory should be allowed to regulate its own insti-
tutions in its own way, and then considered the
forcing of the Lecompton constitution on the peo-
ple, against their will, a fair execution of that pol-
icy, to argue that any very rigid consistency be-
tween the platform and the policy of a party is
to be expected in the course of political strife;
yet to such shifts are gentlemen driven, in their
effort to show—in spite of the resolutions of the
majority of the committee of thirty-three and their
unanimous disavowal—that the northern people
do contemplate disturbing slavery in the States.
The importance of retaining that impression is
not over-estimated; for if it be yielded, the revo-
lutionists will have few followers, and pcace and
harmony will be restored to our people in spite
of every effort to disturb them.
A more jnarvelous contrast awaits us.
The minority report, with great elaboration,
depicts the rise of a purely sectional party, de-
termined to rule the southern States by the northern
votes, united by hostility to slavery alone; de-
clares that its triumph reduces the people of the
South from citizens to subjects; and that, by the
late election, the work of sectionalism was com-
pleted, to the apprehension of the people of the
South; and if that apprehension be not speedily
removed, the days of the Republic are numbered.
They find countenance for this view in the South
Carolina and Alabama ordinances. Read the
remarkable recital of the Alabama ordinance:
" Whereas the election of Abraham Lincoln mid Hanni-
bal llainlm to the otlices of President and Vice Pio>ideiU
of the United States by a bcetional paity, avowedly hostile
to the domestic institutions and peace and ^eeunry of the
people of the Slate of Alabama, following upon the heels
of many and dangerous infractions ot the t'onstuution of
the United States by many of the States and people of the
northern section, is a political wiong of so in^uliiuj? and
menacing a chaiacter as to justify the people of the State
of Alabama m the adoption of prompt and decidcd meas-
ures for their future peace and security."
The revolutionists of Alabama, for those causes,
teai themselves away fiom the Government; the
minority of the committee reiterate the complaint,
and leave it unredressed. They are silent on the
remedy for the great grievance—the accomplished
fact of sectional domination; the inauguration of
a party bent on reducing the people of the South
from citizens to subjects; that great political wiong
of so " insulting and menacing a character,the
election of a President " by a sectional party
avowedly -hostile to the domestic institutions,
peace, and security of the people" of the South.
They leave it unredressed—unless n right to ex-
pand into new territory be a compensation for the
right of self-government, or absolute security for
existing rights touching slavery be an indemnity
for the'loss of<c a voice in the management of the
national affairs, in which they have a common
interest with their northern brethren.5'
Sir, that is impossible. We know that the
southern people, and those gentlemen who signed
the report, count the right of self-government in-
finitely above ali rights of propei ty and all per-
sonal security. If they really feared such a dom-
ination they would spurn accommodation on any
terms.
Sir, the majority must rule. Particular inter-
ests will aggregate in particular localities, and
parties will group themselves round interests; the
East will be manufacturing, the West agricultu-
ral, New York commercial, and Pennsylvania
interested in iron and coal; Alabama will grow
cotton, and Louisiana sugar; Ynginia will grow
tobacco, wheat, and corn; but a coalition of such
interests to oppress others is without example m
our history, and, if effected, could be only tem-
porary. Such a coalition of the free States is ab-
solutely absurd. The South has always been
able, by its one common interest, to impose on
the divided Noith us policy and views.; the .North
has no bond of Union, no one pervading and
common interest >so controlling as to concentrate
its power and dictate its policy, It unites only
in the-negative interests of repellingthe intrusion
of slavery on its borders. It never united for that
defensive purpose till the South united to invade
the domain secured to it by the Missouri com-
promise. This defensive and reluctant union,
only partially effected, is the pretext for these
exaggerated and somber pictures of political sub-
jection. Webster, failing to unite them in de-
fense of their interests, exclaimed, "There is no
North.}> Southern politicians have created a
North. Let us trace the process, and draw the
moral.
The laws of 1850 calmed and closed the slavery
agitation; and President Pierce, elected by the
almost unanimous voice of the States, did not
mention slavery in his first two messages. In 1854
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, at the in-
stance of the South, reopened the agitation.
Northern men, deserted by southern Whigs,
were left to unite for self-defense.
The invasion of Kansas in 1855 and 1856, from
Missouu; the making a Legislature and laws for
that Territory, by the invaders, still further united
the northern people. The election of 1856 meas-
ured its extent.
The election of Mr. Buchanan and his opening
policy in Kansas, soothed the irritation, and was
rapidly demoralizing the new party > when the
pro-slavery party in Kansas perpetrated, and the
President and the South acccptcd, the Lecompton
fraud, and again united the North more resolutely
in resistance to that invasion of the rights of self-
government.
The South for the first time failed to dictate
terms; and the people vindicated by their votes
the refusal of the constitution.
Ere this result was attained, the opinions of
certain judges of the Supreme Court scattered
doubts over the law of slavery in the Territories:
the South, while repudiating other decisions, in-
stantly made these opinions the criterion of faith-
fulness to the Constitution; while the North was
agitated by this new sanction of the extremest
pretensions of their opponents.
The South did not rest satisfied with their judi-
cial triumph.
Immediately the claim was pressed for protec-
tion by Congress to slavery, declared by the Su-
preme Court, they said, to exist in all the Tern-
tones.
This completed the Union of the free States m
one great defensive league; and the result was
registered in November. That result is now,
itself, become the starting point of new agitation
—the demand of new rightsand new guarantees.
The claim to access to the Territories was fol-
lowed by the claim to congressional protection;
and that is now followed by the hitherto unheard
of claim to a constitutional amendment establish-
ing slavery, not merely m territory now held,
biu in all hereafter held from the line of 36° 30'
to Cape Morn, while the debate foreshadows in
the distance the claim of the right of transit and
the placing of property m slaves in all respects,
on the footing of other property—the topics of
future agitation. How lon^ the prohibition of
the importation of slaves will be exempted from
the doctrine of equality, it needs no prophet to
tell.
In the face of this recital, let the imputation of
autocratic and tyrannical aspirations cease to be
cast on the people of the free States; let the
southern people dismiss their fears, return to their
friendly confidence in their fello w-ciuzenw of ilic
North, and accept as pledges of letummg peace,
the salutai y amendments of the law and the Con-
stitution offered as the first fruits of reconciliation.
STATE OF TFIE UNION.
speech or iionTchahles case,
OF INDIANA,
I* the House of Representatives,
February 8, Ifclil.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select c-ommitteeui tlnrt)-three-
Mr. CASE said:
Mr. Speaker: When this debate opened, I felt
some anxiety to participate in it, and to go at con-
siderable length into the discussion of the ques-
tions involved; but about that-time, my appoint-
ment on one of the special committers, devolving
on me additional and extraordinary labors, pre-
vented the preparation that was necessary;-and
therefore I abandoned until yesterday the idea ot
addressing the House. I do not know that, if I
had been able to prepare myself, I could..have
obtained the floor at that early stage of the-dis-
cussion; nor do I know that it would have been
proper for me to ask it while there were abler and
more experienced members wishing to participate
in the debate. Not that I hoped then that any
word from me would contribute anything toward
restoring peace and quiet to the country. I have
no such hope now. I doubt vei*y much, whether
words from anybody could have had, or can now
have, that desired effect.
I do not believe that we have yet reached tha
worst of our difficulties as a nation. The great
evil that is upon us, this attempt at disunion, is a
disease. It has become epidemic; and Heaven
only knows what shall be its limit, or when and
where its force will be spent. And if I have now
an anxiety to say a word, it is simply that the
record may be made up right for the future. Dur-
ing the progress of this debate, that has been so
well done by others, and by no one better than
my colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] that but few words
are material from me.
Mr. Speaker, it lies in the line of my argument
to have more or less to say of the actions and
dogmas of great political parties. This is unavoid-
able; and yet, sir, I would, as far as possible,
forget my party preferences. Often has it been
well said that, m the presence of perils threatening
shipwreck to the ship of State,party aims should
be ignored. So has it been remarked that on such
occasions gentlemen* should rise above party
platforms. This is also correct, with the limitation
that such platforms may embody the foundation
principles of every gooa civil Government—prin-
ciples which cannot be yielded without yielding
whatsoever makes Government worth preserving,
and witlioutwhich our own, though republican in
form, would be a despotism in fact. Such prin-
ciples are never to be abandoned, be the peril
what it may; and he is but acting the part of the
patriot and statesman, rather than of the partisan,
who adheres to such a platform in every emer-
gency. Sir, there was a party—the Whig party
—in the days of our Revolution, and the Declara-
tion of Independence was its platform. The great
lesson of that Revolution, more precious than any
other wc may learn from it, is unjlincJiing devo-
tion to principle in ike face of every hazard. The
tax imposed by the mother country on tea was
but trilling. Levied on every pound of tea sold
in the original States, from that day to this, the
sum would but little, if any, exceed the money—
to say nothing of the blood—they expended in
resisting the collection of that tax, because it had
been imposed without representation. I trust the
ohildien have not foigotten this priceless lesson
of the fathers.
Listening, the other day, to the able remarks
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,]
I was struck with the opening sentiment of his
speech He said:
" When tiic future historian comes to write out the an-
nals ot our tune<, he vvil^he amazed at the magnitude of
evt nt> now tianf-; inrr^, and the compaiativc insufficiency
of the ean-e^ v\ iiieh gave them birth/'
lie mi.(:ht have said the absolute, instead of the
comparative insufficiency of the causes that have
given rise to these difficulties. He might have
said that those who read, as weli as the man who
writes their history, will be equally amazed at those
events and the causi s which have produced them.
I think he might have gone further, and added,
that both writer and reader will be still more
amazed at the remedies proposed for the existing
disturbances. The idea was a forcible one;, and
I wish to ei iborate it.
<c The magnitude of events !" What, sir, is the
great event of these times? Why, it is this at-
tempt at secession; this attempt to dissolve the
bonds winch unite us as a common Confederacy;
this attempt to destroy our national Government.
And it is a great event; though when those who
arc attempting it succeed—if they shall succocd—
in accomplishing it, the y will have won for them-
selves what Buike said belonged to the men of
