186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February
36th Cong-. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Case.
Ho. 0]? Reps.
the French revolution: " the fame, of being the
most splendid architects of ruin tl'ie world ever
beheld." Yes, sir, the attempt, thus far only too
successful, to break up the best Government the
world has ever known—that is the great event of
our times. And now, what are the comparatively
insignificant causes for it? My chief object in
discussing them is. not so much to determine
whether they are significant or insignificant. I
may incidentally touch upon that point in refer-
ring to some of them. I propose more especially
to show that they are at leaststale; that, with the
exception of perhaps one of them, there is no al-
leged cause of difficulty, no alleged cause for a
dissolution of the Union, that had not as real an
existence, and was not of as much importance,
twelve years ago as at this very hour. And why
secession should come upon us just at this time,
why these reasons should be now urged as suffi-
cient causefor destroying the most splendid Union
the world has ever known, is certainly beyond
my comprehension. I do not wonder that states-
men of the present day say that future genera-
tions will look on this history with amazement.
It amazes the men of the present day who look
at it carefully and earnestly.
- What, sir, are some of the causes alleged for
this great event of our times ? It is said that the
equality of the States is in danger; that the peo-
ple of a certain portion of the Confederacy are to
be deprived of equal right to go into the common
Territories, and thereenjoy their peculiar kind of
property ; and that, therefore, the equality of the
States will be destroyed. In other words, the
complaint is, that the party which has just ob-
tained a national victory is committed to the pol-
icy of prohibiting the introduction of chattel sla-
very in the Territories of the United States.
Now, sir, grant that the charge is true: how
long has that policy been known in this country?
Why, the fact is apparent to every man who is
familiar with our history, that there is but one
party.in the northern States at this time which
advocates that policy. Every one knows that
neither the Democratic nor American party in the
North is in favor of it. Once the Democratic
party was committed to it. Now they have aban-
doned it. And, sir, if the fact that there is one
groat party at the North committed to the idea of
prohibiting slavery in the Territories is a good
cause to-day for the dissolution of theUnion,why
was it not a threefold stronger cause in 1848,
when every party in the North held that very
same doctrine? We have one party now, as is
said, committed to that policy. Then, in the north-
ern States, it was the policy of the Whig party;
it was the policy of the Democratic party; and no
one disputes that it was the policy of the I'Vee-
Soil party, organized that very year oil that lead-
ing idea. I need not go into the proof on this
subject to any great extent. Allow me, however,
to call the attention of the House to a resolution
of one of those great national parties of that clay.
I do not now speak of the Whig party or of'the
Free-Soil party, organized that year. I speak of
the Democratic party. There was introduced by
the minority of the committee on resolutions, in
the national Democratic convention of that year,
the following:
"Revolved, That the doctiirmof non-interference with
the rights of property of any portion of the people of this
Confederation, bo it in the States or in the Territories, by
any other than the panics interested in them, is the uue
republican doctrine recognized by this body."
Mark you, sir, the resolution did not go the
length of saying that it is the duty of Congress
to protect by legislation; but it did go the length
of saying that no power should interfere with
slave property in the Territories. And what was
the action of the party in Us national capacity
through its delegates from every State in the Con-
federacy? Why, the record shows that that res-
olution was voted down by 216 to 36. It received
not one solitary vote from any free State of this
Confederacy—not one; not from your own State,
sir, (Mr. Florence in the chair.) The largest
State in the Confederacy was not voting in that
convention; bat no one doubts what would have
been the vote of New York, had her delegation
been allowed a voice. It would have swelled, by
the number of her delegation, this overwhelming
majority of 216. The vote was taken by States.
In the compilation I find in favor of the resolution
but one vote from Maryland, nine votes from South
Carolina, nine from Georgia, three from Florida,
nine from Alabama, three from Arkansas, one
from Tennessee, and one from Kentucky. I find
voting against it the delegates from every free
State of the Confederacy, except the State of New
York, which had no delegation there; and in ad-
dition to that, I find from the State of Maryland
six votes against it, from the State of Virginia
seventeen, from the State of North Carolina eleven,
from the State of Mississippi six, from the State
of Louisiana six, from Texas four, from Tennes-
see twelve, from Kentucky eleven, and from Mis-
souri seven; thus making a total of eighty votes
against, to thirty-six in favor of the resolution from
the slave States. Now, sir, here is the action of
one of the prominent—and then regarded as the
most powerful—of the national parties, as long
ago, and only so long ago, as 1848. It is beyond
dispute that the same doctrine, the right to inter-
fere with slavery in the Territories, was held by
all adherents of the Whig party in the North. I
need not repeat that this was the paramount idea
of the Free-Soil platform. Here, then, in 1848,
we find, not one party only, however powerful,
but all the parties in the northern States committed
to th® same policy: and who, for that cause, then
threatened to destroy the Government? Who then
thought it a sufficient reason for interfering with
the Union, that parties in the North were com-
mitted to the policy of making all the Territories
fiee? No one at the Noith then entertained any
other notion. Reared as they had been under
free institutions, believing those institutions a
blessing to themselves, and wishing others to en-
joy the same blessings, it was the unanimous sen-
timent of the northern people that the pioneers of
the Territories should enjoy the same institutions
which had made them prosperous and happy.
Now, sir, as I said before, I am not now inquir-
ing whether this is oris not a sufficient cause for a
dissolution of this Union. My purpose is to show
that it is a cause, of complaint which has existed
for the last twelve years. I mightgo further with
the proofs, and introduce to you the action of
parties in the Stnfes :\t that time. For example:
the Democratic party of my own State, in conven-
tion assembled, in 1848, adopted, the report says
unanimously, the following, in relation to the ter-
ritory then recently acquiied from Mexico:
c< I\cso!rc:l. That the institution of slavervouirht not to he
introduced into unvTerritory where it does not now exi-n.
That, inasmuch a- California and NVu- iSIrxico arc, in fact
as well as in I:uv. free leu .ton ,it is (he ilntyof Congress to
pi event the introduction of ^laveiy within their limits."
I have been told by those who were present,
that there were a few votes in opposition to that
resolution; but the official record of the proceed-
ings of the convention, if I mistake not, says that
it was unanimously adopted. Two years after,
in 1850, the Legislature of my State adopted the
following joint resolution:
" Be it rcsolvctl by the General Jhsemhly of the State of
Tiidnn)i', Thatoui Si'naton !><• uwti in'U'd, and our Unpre-
s-entatives in Conjie.-s he ieque--ted, s«o to cn>t their votes
and ex^rr their influence as to have ingrafted upon any law
that may he pa-^ed lot the oi^anization of the Tciritoues
reeentlj ae<]uuedhorn Mexico,a piovision/o>crcrexclud-
ing fiom Mieli teiritoiy ^laveiy and invohmtaiv servitude,
otherwise than m the" punishment oi ciimcs whereof the
patty has bfen convicted."
That resolution passed the Legislature by the
united votes of Whigs and Democrats, and was
approved by a Democratic. Governor—Governor
Wright—a gentleman who now holds a foreign
mission under this Administration. I could cite
similar resolutions passed by conventions of all
parties in almost every free State—I believe all
save one—of this Confederacy; but no one then
regarded it as a sufficient cause for dissolving the
Union. Why did not the disuniomsts discover
it in 1848, when not one, but every party at the
North occupied this ground ?
Sir, this cause of complaint is at least twelve'
years old, as I have proved to you from the record;
and it was at least three times as strong then as
it is to-day.
I might go on and show how insufficient is the
cause, admitting it to be true; but that has been
better illustrated by others. Why, sir, the hon-
orable chairman of the committee of thirty-three,
in the opening speech of this debate, presented to
the Hou.se statistics showing that the present ter-
ritory in which slavery now exists, included in
the organized States, is capable of sustaining a
population of forty million slaves. You see at
once, therefore, how ridiculous is the idea that the
Union should be instantly broken up because
slavery wants room to breathe!
But it is said we are going to interfere with
slavery where it exists in the States. This alle-
gation is bas'ed in part upon the action of a party,
but chiefly upon what some men have said and
done. One gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. An-
derson,] the other day, declared that at last we
had a great party in this country proclaiming that
slavery was a " relic of barbarism." Such was
the declaration of the Republican party in 1856;
but was that the utterance of a new sentiment, or
simply a new form of expressing an old idea?
Can he find nothing in the writings of distin-
guished men of his own party, made public long
years ago, characterizing slavery in language far
more severe than this declaration of the Repub-
licans.
Mr. Speaker, I have read some of the writings
of the fathers; and if I huve not misread them,
they deal in stronger denunciations, or rather con-
demnations—for there is a difference between the
words—of the institution of slavery than this
modern Republican party has ever done. The
speeches and writings of the earliest statesmen of
this country are full of instruction upon this sub-
ject. I could point the gentleman to declarations
"to the extent of volumes, if you please, more se-
vere against slavery than he can quote from awy
pronunciamento of the Republican party of to-day.
Does the Republican party declare that slavery
is "a relic of barbarism?" What said Thomas
Jefferson upon that subject, a great many years
ago? It has been often quoted, but never was it
more appropriate than here and now; and I desire
gentlemen to remember that, after uttering these
condemnations of slavery which 1 shall read,the
people elected him President of the United States,
and no one proposed to"dissolve the Union bo-
cause of his election. Here is what he says:
"There must doubtless be an unhappy influence on the
mamici-sof our people, produced by the existence of sla-
very anions us. The whole commerce between master
and fclave is a peipetual cxeicise of the most boisterous
passion*, the most unremitting despotism, on the one part,
ami degnadingsnbtms^ion." * * * * " The
man mu-t he a prodigy who can retain his manners and
morals undepraved by such circumstances."
Sir, when a man's manners and morals are gone,
how much better is he than a barbarian? And
yet such, said Mr. Jefferson, is the effect of sla-
very on a man who is not a prodigy. The senti-
ment is his, not mine. Why, sir, is it not aston-
ishing that, after writing and publishing such sen-
timents as those, our fathers in the early days of
the Republic should have known their rights no
better than to have elected him President of the
United States? No man in that day, even in
South Carolina, attempted to dissolve the Union
because of the publication of such sentiments. If
we tell you that slavery isa " relic of baibansm,"
he tells you that it makes even a civilized people
barbai ous.
Again, sir: somebody has talked about an irre-
pressible conflict, and predicted that a house di-
vided against itself cannot stand; somebody hns
said that the institution of slavery someday will
and ought to become extinct, and that Republi-
cans, and perhaps others in the North, indulge the
hope that that prediction may, at some time in the
future, be realized, though centuries may come an d
go before thattime shall arrive. Why, sir, is that
a novel idea? Are all these sentiments but an
intimation of the purpose of a great party to in-
terfere with the rights of the South? The same
sentiments prevailed at the very beginning of the
Government. If Mr. Seward or our President
elect has talked about an irrepressible conflict,
and the final extinction of slavery, they learned
then* theories, or might have done so, from men
of the South, whose memory we have ever been
taught to revere. They and we have learned the
same ideas from the writer from whom I have
just quoted, and from another statesman, I iiad al-
most said of equal eminence, who lived the pride
and glory of his country at a later day; and if
Sewtud and Lincoln have attempted to put them
