1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
180
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Wells.
Ha. el? Reps'.
the premises, and vest exclusive jurisdiction in the
Federal judges.
Mr. Speaker, in my humble opinion there is
in this measure more peril to the rights of the cit-
izen limn in the one winch seeks to make slavery-
eternal. To show that I do not exaggerate its
features, I will quote it in' full:
Amendment of the act for the rendition of fugitives from
justice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
evety person charged, by indictment or other satisfactory
evidence, in any State, with treason, felony, or other crime,
committed within the jurisdiction of s-ueh State, who shall
or shall have fled from justice and bo found in another
Slate, shall on demand of the executive authority of the
State irons which he fled upon the district judge of the Uni-
ted States of the district m which he may bo found, be
auested and biought before such judge, who, on being sat-
isfied that lie is the person charged, and that he was within
the jurisdiction ot such State at the tune such crime was
oo'mmfied, of which such charge shall be prima facie evi-
dence, shall deliver him up to be lemoved to the State having
ju! ^diction of the crime; and if any question ot law shall
au-e during such examination, it may be taken on excep-
tions bv wnt of enor to the circuit court.
I would not give a farthing for the security of
our citizens, if the power and authority to protect
them in their rights are taken away from the State
ofiicers. In two or three, or perhaps a dozen,
instances since the organization of our Govern-
ment, there have been difficulties in regard to the
rendition of fugitives from justice. But above and
beyond this, is the fact that, under our present
law, the protection of the citizen of a State zs left
in the hands of the executive of the State—an
officer who is the servant of, and whose interests
and sympathies are indentified with those of, the
citi7en; but tins amendment proposes to render
tiie State entirely powerless to protect its citizens,
under any circumstances whatever, but to leave
that matter to the decision of the Federal officers.
We have already gone far enough in abridgment
of the rights of a State and of its citizens; and, for
one, f am surprised—I am absolutely astonished
—to find members from any section of this Con-
federacy ready to give their assent to an amend-
ment so radically changing a law which is almost
as old ay the Constitution.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let me, in addition to all
this, ask what assurance have we, if these meas-
ures of the committee of thirty-three be adopted,
that they will be satisfactory to one single slave
State of this Confederacy? How many members
representingslavcholdingconstJtucncies upon this
floor, during this protracted debate, have stood
up and told us that their adoption would probably
stay the secession movement in any slave State?
Haifa dozen will include the whole, and this re-
sponse came from gentlemen who, in my judg-
ment, have had nothing to do with the initiation
of disunion measures, and representing constitu-
encies that are probably satisfied with the Con-
stitution as it is, and the laws as they now exist.
The men who talk about disunion as a remedy for
evils which they imagine to exist, do you hear
one of their number, m this House or out of it,
say that these propositions, if adopted, will give
peace and restore harmony to the country? Not
' a word of that kind have we heard from that
source. And why should we, who have done no
wrong, who have proposed to interfere with no
right of the South, be asked to make an offering
at the foot of slavery which they themselves will
spurn, which they themselves say will have no
useiul eliect whatever?
Thus briefly, Mr. Speaker, have I reviewed the
causes of complaint made against the people of
the North, the reasons assigned for destroying
this Government, and the remedies that are pro-
posed for the distractions of our times. Brief as
has been thr  review, who does not see that the
alleged grievances are, at best, outlawed, and ut-
terly insignificant ? Who does not see that no per-
manent good can be hoped from the remedies
proposed ?
If, now, I am asked what I would do, I answer
that, at the proper time, I would do almost any-
thing that does not involve a surrender of cher-
ished convictions, personal honor, or essential
pnneiples. When the new Administration shall
have been inaugurated, and the majesty of the
laws vindicated, I am willing to listen to any
scheme that may tend to restore harmony with-
out giving increased influence to the great cause
of all o&r woes. I say in all frankness, however,
that no measure of pacification can meet my ap-
probation which gives fresh guarantees to an in-
stitution already dangerously strong. If I were
to propose any remedy for existing distractions,
it should be something that would make this-dis-
turbing element less powerful, rather than add to
its strength. When, early in the session, my
friend from Maryland asked me if I could not do
something to Isave his State from being over-
whelmed by the secession wave, my answer was:
" Certainly, sir, I am ready to vote money enough
within a reasonable time to pay for every slave
in the State." It was but the enunciation of a
schcmc which has since then found more influen-
tial advocates. I am willing to inaugurate a policy
which, with the consent of those who are inter-
estedjandwho have the sole power, shall ulti-
mately remove this cause of contention, and, as
far as possible, the African race, from our midst.
But when I see this slave power undertaking, but
too successfully, to destroy the Government, do
not ask me to cure the evil by giving fresh muscle
and nerves to the arm of the destroyer.
Meantime, I can only stand by the Constitution
as it is—as I have again and again sworn to do—
by the laws as they exist, and the Union as our
fathers formed it, in the consciousness that I have
done no wrong, and that the great party with
which I act has done nothing for which it should
be brought to the bar of justice and impleaded as
a criminal; nothing worthy of bonds. If that is
not sufficient, the consequences are not on my
head, he they what they may.
I have detained the House longer than was my
intention. 1 do not wish longer to trespass on the
patience of any one. 33ut as 1 do not expect again,
in the whole course of my life, to engage in de-
bate in this body, allow me to repeat, in conclu-
sion, that I want no better Constitution than the
Constitution under which we live; I want no other
construction given to it than that given to it with-
out a dissenting voice by the wise men who made
it—a construction which, if adhered to up to this
hour, would have avoided all the evils now exist-
ing and those which we so much dread in the
future. Believing that at this time we cannot im-
prove the handiwork of the fathers, mine shall be
the last hand that shall undertake to erase or add
a single word. It is «ood enough for me, and for
the children who are to come after me. If we will
but adhere to it in the spirit in which it was made,
and construe it as our fathers construed it, these
troubles and distractions on the subject ot slavery,
however much anxiety they may create in those
States where the institution exists, will be ban-
ished from the national councils; and only when
we return to that policy of the fathers shall wc
get rid of the distracting question here.
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
SPEECH OF IION. ALFRED WELLS,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 6, 18G1.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of tlinty-three—
Mr. WELLS said:
Mr. Speaker: I believe I feel the importance
of this great occasion. 1 think no mrfh born in
this favored land, surrounded by all the blessings
which attend our institutions, can possibly be in-
different to the existing state of facts—can possi-
bly see with unconcern State after State leave, so
far as their action is concei ned, this glouous Con-
federacy, this Union fraught with its untold bless-
ings, and of those which y<>t remain, see State
after State, either by their Representatives on this
floor, or through the action of their Legislatures
or conventions, threaten soon to leave this Re-
public; and, sir, in my estimation, that man can
have but little patriotism who would not, for the
sake of preserving our national Union and liber-
tics, sacrifice life itself upon the altar of his coun-
try. That man is little worthy of esteem who so
values the few fleeting years that remain to him
that he would save his bastard life at the cost of
his country's welfare and Ins country's existence.
Now, sir, I believe, if there is any issue from
the present difficulties which surround^us, it js
not to be found in the wisdom of statesmen, not
to be found in the wisdom of man. The p^oti-
dence of God alone can extricate us from a posi-
tion from which it seems impossible to-escape;
for, sir, to my mind—and I have endeavored to
look over the ground so far as I possibly could
without passion and without prejudice—there ig
no possible escape from a dissolution of the
Union.
Mr. Speaker, if there is any escape, the begin-
ning of the way that is to open up before us is to
be found in a change of the dispositions Of the
two sections of the Union. As wide apart m
opinion as the poles aie asunder, it is impossible
for us, occupying the opposite grounds on which,
we stand, ever to unite on a common basis until
we begin to feel toward one another as brother
should feel toward brother. Last night, sir, I saw*
published in the daily papers an account of the
condition of one of the States of this Union, the
youngest of the sister States, the last that has
come within our family circle. I saw, by that
statement, that fifty thousand human beings stand
on the verge of starvation. This morning I en-
dcavoied to gain the car of the House, with the
hope that wc would follow the gcncious exam-
ples which have been twice, at least, set us in the
history of this Government. Once was when,
touched by the finger of the Almighty, thf mount-
ains smoked and the earth quaked. When the
capital of the Republic of Venezuela, then just
bom into a national existence, was buried be-
neath the tremblings of the earth, and ten thou-
sand human beings were overwhelmed in the
ruins of their habitations, then the great Republic
of America stretched out her hand to the afflicted
sister, and gave the needed bread.
And again, sir, when that island, famous in
the history of modern civilization, famous for its
advocates of the rights of man, felt the blight
which struck the staple production of its inhab-
itants, and when its starving millions began to die
within the cities3 walls and in the thronged lanes
of its populous districts, in the other end of this
Capitol arose the Senator from Kentucky—the
venerable Mr. Crittenden—and proposed that
th is Union should give $500,000 to save the starving
Irish men and women. That was seconded by
the immortal Webster, and by the dauntless Cal-
houn, then standing on the edge of the grave—his
trumpet voice grown so feeble under tiie infirmi-
ties of age that the reporters could scarce catch
its tones. That gallant man of the gallant State
of South Carolina proposed to aid, not Ireland
only, but France also, which then stood trem-
bhngonthebrinkofanotherfamine. I hadhoped,
sir, that now, when the wail ofthe women and the
men, and the children of Kansas reached the ears
of the members of this House, they would, with
one accord and with one voice, as brethren reach-
| ing out the hand to brethren, give a mite, a little
mile, to save them from starvation. And, sir,
had it been done, under the circumstances of
the case, it would have done more, in the provi-
dence of God, to save this Union, than all the
speeches made on this floor; because, if the South,
which had sent to the battle-fields of Kansas its
armed men to plant the institution of slavery
there; if the South, which had by overwhelm-
mg numbers from the free States, been foiled in
its purpose by the ballot-box and the bayonet;
if the South, thus battled and defeated, bad, in
its magnanimity, with all its generous impulses
aroused, responded to the cry of distress from
afflicted Kansas, and said, "These are still our
brethren and our sisters; we will give them what
j we ought fiom our overflowing Tieasury," the
■ act would have touched the national heart, broke
through the icy fetters of a selfishness that can
see its r>wn but. not another's virtues, can feel
its own but not another's woes, and thus inau-
gurated that chanty which can alone make us
bear with a brother's faults and errors, and make
us seek, from genuine feeling of affection, a broth-
er's good.
Sir, our national Treasury does overflow with
a people's wealth, though the vaults of the sub-
Treasury may !>e empty. The Almighty has
given us an abundant harvest. And though He
who sends down His rain and His sun upon the
just and the unjust, has closed for a season the
