m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
debt to be contracted. At this moment, the out-
standing debt of the United States is $69,373,000;
comprising the loans authorized by the acts of
1849, 1846, 1847, 1848,1858, and I860, the Texas
indemnity loan of 1850, together with the out-
standing Treasury notes authorized by several
acts. Here is a tabular statement showing the
debt of the'Government:
O- DC-, a s _ ~ 
2^ 2.2 *3 e.S'S' 
O ^ « *5 .-■< © «, O . . . . . .
3 is g m s r § e
® HB®1' ' ' * ' * •
1st:
ueHc: B§: " • • : : :
i?=L$a: S.S*:
tn cr« C5 CD O CD
C& 00 CO OCJ oy GO co
Cn CO 0> .iK J-
C2 o cc no -J Os li)
to
co --IOoo«o
■COOJgO©^
-"-n'o o'o'wfS^
O C O
3 5"'
« « [
5 5 P -
p-2
• S
o>
s
Then the existing debt of the United States is
nearly seventy million dollars. The $10,000,000
Treasuvy notes recently issued were negotiated,
a portion at twelve per cent., and a portion at be-
tween ten and eleven. Your ten per cent. Treas-
ury notes are sold in the market of New York
below par; and if yau authorize new loans that
are not absolutely necessary, you cannot nego-
tiate them cxcept at ruinous rates. I have made
a computation of the actual debt created and pro-
posed to be created by this Congress. The bal-
ance of the loan authorized under act of 22d June,
1860, is $13,978,000. If the amendment of the
Senate be concurred in, that loan cannot be nego-
tiated. I am in favor of that amendment. The
tariff bill, winch will probably become a law,
authorizes the loan of #21,000,000. The Pacific
railroad bill as it pasxed the House authorized
an indebtedness of $06,000,000, and the Senate
has put on an additional $25,000,000. In other
words, the proposed indebtedness of the country is
$167,000,000; making, with thcpresontpublicdcbt
and the loan already authorized, an aggregate of
$250,351,649. With such indebtedness, how can
you expect to raise a loan on favorable terms?
I hope this amendment of the Senate will be con-
curred in. The Government will then be enabled
to raise the loan of $25,000,000 authorized in this
bill, and $21,000,000 authorized in the tariff act.
The Secretaiy of the Treasury has told you that
be will need $25,000,000 between the date of his
communication and the 1st of July next, in addi-
tion to the current revenues of the country. But
if the political troubles of the country shall be
adjusted before the close of this session of Con-
gress. and if the operation of the new tariff bill
will increase the revenue by $8,000,000, as pre-
dicted by its friends, then we will not want to
authorize so large an indebtedness as is now pro-
posed.
I felt it my duty to present these facts to the
House, for I was informed that there was a desire
to prevent the adoption of this amendment of the
Senate. If I had been informed that the gentle-
men on the other side of the House would have
assented to this amendment, I should have for-
borne any expression of my opinions, or the
recital of the indebtedness of the Government.
These considerations, and the condition of the
money market, admonish me to authorize no
larger loan than is absolutely necessary to defray
the current expenses of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment of
the Senate will not be concurred in; and if I can
have the attention of the House for two minutes,
I think I can give ample reasons why it should
not be concurred in.
The gentleman from Missouri seems to be in
very much the condition of his party; for this
seems to be, on his part, to some extent, a party
measure. Let us look at the result of the course
he asks this House to take. He seems to be will-
ing to throw upon the incoming Administration
all the indebtedness incurred by this, if possible.
Now, all I ask is, that this Administration shall
pay off its own debts or provide for the payment
of them, and not throw them over upon the in-
coming Administration. I do believe that, under
the tariff act now pending in the other branch of
Congress, if it shall become a law, the revenues
of this Government will be sufficient to meet the
expenses of the Government under the incoming
Administration. I believe that it is the duty of
that Administration to reduce the expenses of the
Government to the standard of the revenues of the
Government. Now, what is the condition of the
Treasury at this time? The Secretary of the
Treasuiy says he shall need a loan of $25,000,000
to meet the expenses of the Government up to the
1st of July next. This bill provides a loan to that
amount to pay off the debts of the present Admin-
istration up to that time. Then, in addition to
that, there is another debt to pay. This Admin-
istration, in December last, issued $10,000,000 of
Treasury notes, at twelve per cent. Those notes
are due next December. For the redemption of
those Treasury notes the remaining portion of the
loan of June last was specifically pledged. Yet
the gentleman from Missouri now proposes to re-
peal that loan of June last, in express violation of
the law of December last; and in pursuance of
which, the faith of the Government was directly
pledged to apply that loan to the redemption of
Treasury notes, leaving no means for the retire-
ment of the Treasury notes of last December.
Now, that is the condition in which the matter
stands. If tin.1 amendment of the Senate be con-
curred in, then, ni December next, when the
$10,000,000 of Treasury notes become due, there
will be no means provided whatever for the retire-
ment of those Treasury notes. They will go on
bearing interest at the rate of twelve per cent.,
thus disgracing the Government. No Govern-
ment, and indeed no individual, can afford to pay
twelve per cent, interest for any length of time.
The effect of the course the gentleman from Mis-
souri asks us to pursue is to throw the burden of
providing the means for the payment of these
Treasury notes, when they become due, on the
incoming Administration. You leave the incom-
ing Administration not only with the responsibil-
ity of providing the means of paying its current
expenses, but with the payment of $10,000,000 of
the debts of the present Administration.
But, sir, the gentleman refers to the Pacific rail-
road bill. I do not know whether that bill will pass
or not; but the gentleman knows very well that if
it does pass, no"*money will have to be paid under
it probably for years to come. No money can be
paid or liabilities incurred until fifty miles of the
road shall have been completed.
The gentleman also talks about the tariff bill.
Well, sir, if the tariff bill passes, I believe revenue
enough will bo raised under it to defray the ordi-
nary expenses of the Government. The loan bill
attached to that bill is only intended to provide
for some unforeseen emergency—a contingency
that may not happen. I hope that no future Ad-
ministration will be found coming here, session
after session, asking for a loan to meet the oidi-
nary expenses of the Government. I hope the in-
coming Administration will conform its expenses
to the revenues raised from the ordinary sources.
If the revenues shall fall short, and he even re-
duced to loss than the amount now realized, it will
hp the duty of the incoming Administration to re-
duce the expenses to that extent. I hope that in
future no Administration will allow the expenses
of the Government in time of peace to exceed the
amount of the revenue from the ordinary sources.
The expenditures should, if practicable, be aibi-
trarily reduced, unless in the contingency of war,
to the standard of the revenues collectcd.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do hope gentlemen on
both sides of the House will peumt us to make
provision for paying the debts of the present
Administration, and not saddle those debts upon
the incoming Administration. I repeat, that the
$25,000,000 loan provided for in this bill is re-
quired to pay the debts of the Government up to
July next; and that, if this amendment of the Sen-
ate is concurred in, there will still remain the sum
of $10,000,000 of outstanding Treasury notes for
which no provision will have been made. We ask
for nothing more than that this Administration
should make provision for the settlement of its
own accounts; and it seems to me that nothing
less than that should be granted.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ohio re-
marks that I am unwilling to provide the means
for the payment of the debts of the present Ad-
ministration. In this he is mistaken. Thegentle-
rnan states correctly that this loan of $25,000,000
will be sufficient to defray the expenses of the
Government until the 30th day of June next. The
$21,000,000 loan bill attached to the tariff bill now
pending in the Senate, will then be sufficient not
only to redeem the $10,000,000 of outstanding
Treasury notes, but to meet any of the ordinary
wants of the Government in addition. Under the
existing law, all outstanding Treasury notes are
redeemable out of any of the money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. The loan bill
attached to the tariff bill will therefore be appli-
cable to the redemption of any outstanding Treas-
ury notes, or for the payment of any debts of the
present Administration which may remain un-
paid. The House will therefore understand that
the incoming Administration, instead of having
the debts of the present Administration to make
provision for, will have from five to fifteen million
dollars provided for the payment of their own ex-
penses, after the commencement of the next fiscal
year. "Why, sir, I again call the attention of the
House to the enormous sum the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means wants to throw
upon the credit of the Government. He wants
$25,000,000 to meet the expenses of the public
service up to July next. He wants $21,000,000
to be raised after the commencement of the next
fiscal year; making a sum of $46,000,000. He
then wants the remainder of the loan of June last,
amounting to $14,000,000, to be rendered avail-
able; making an aggregate sum of $60,000,000 of
indebtedness, which the present and incoming Ad-
ministration will be authorized to incur. I desire
to diminish that amount by $14,000,000, still leav-
ing more than enough to disembarrass the incom-
ing Administration from any debts of the present
one; and it is for this reason that I advocate the
adoption of the amendment of the Senate.
Now, sir, I take the gentleman from Ohio on
his own declaration, that the present pending
tariff bill will provide revenue from the customs
sufficient to meet all the wants of the Government
for its current expenses. There will then re-
main, for the incoming Administrations loan of
$21,000,000, available after the 30th day of June
next, against the $10,000,000 of outstanding Treas-
ury notes redeemable m December next.
I say then, when we are going into the money
market, which is now stringent, and when appre-
hensions arc entertained on the part of capitalists
that the existing political disturbances may not
be adjusted, we ought to call for the smallest sum
possible. If bidders propose to take this loan at
ninety cents, we are compelled to award it to them;
and if they bid only eighty cents on the dollar,
we are still compelled to award it to them, or let
the creditors of the Government suffer. I think
that the better way would have been to issue
additional Treasury notes. I was willing, how-
ever, that the $14,000,000 loan should stand upon
the statute-book, and not authorize the $25,000,000
loan; and then the Secretary of the Treasury would
have negotiated it upon the best terms which he
could obtain. If an adjustment of our troubles
shall be made during this session of Congiess, the
money market will be relieved from the existing
stringency, and a loan might be secured at six or
seven per cent., with ten or twenty years to run.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to protect and preserve
the public credit. I have, during this session, as
I have during all preceding ones of my servicc
here, endeavored to study economy in the expend-
itures of the Government. I have always opposed
extravagant appropriations, and sought to place
