190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Wells.
Ho. op Reps.
windows of the heavens, and refused to the farm-
er's grain in Kansas its wonted increase, never
before in the history of the country have the fields
of other States yielded so ample a return to the
labors of the husbandman. And, sir, I feel that
the little pittance which I designed to ask for Kan-
sas could have been given without suffering to us,
and without being liable to those constitutional
objections which a charity to foreign nations
would be likely to raise.
I believe, sir, that the remedy for the existing
evils is to be found, if found at all, not in the head,
but the heart of the people. There is no nation
oil. the face of this earth, so far as intellectual cul-
ture is concerned, can compare with ours. But,
sir, I regret to say that, while the mind is cul-
tured to its highest capacity, those affections which
really constitute the man, upon which alone gen-
uine manhood can be built, have not received the
nurture which they ought. If they had, we would
not see to-day the marshaling in hostile array of
the armies of the North and the armies of the
South; we would not have drums beating, sol-
diers inarching, and all the devilish enginery of
war preparing for the fraternal strife; but in-
stead, all would be striving to cultivate friendly
relations by mutual acts of kindness and forbear-
ance, and by the exerciseof the broadest, charity.
All would be striving to remember that the men
of the North and the men of the South are chil-
dren of the same universal Father, who cares as
much, and would have us care as much, for the
man who lives south of Mason and Dixon's line
as for the man who lives north of that line. If
we strove so to imitate Him, and to pour out the
affections of our hearts towards each other as He
does towards all of us, we would soon bring to
a peaceful termination the dreadful condition of
affairs that now prevails throughout the country.
Sir, what would so touch the heart of the Amer-
ican people as a free-will offering of this Congress?
A sudden pause in these angry debates for a free-
will offering to the cause of humanity would make
a common ground on which we could all plant our'
feet and stand solid as the hills. If, in the midst
of warlike preparations, yielding to a generous
impulse, we should let the cry from Kansas turn
the current of our thoughts into the channel of a
fraternal love, who can tell how many springs
would gush from American hearts, North and
South, East and West, to swell that love into a
mighty,river, widening its fertilizing stream into
a shoreless ocean ? Sir, not in vain, then, would
the rains have been withheld from the prairies of
Kansas; not in vain would the seed have shriv-
eled in the parched ground, if the nation could
gather in the richer harvest of brotherly affec-
tions.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, looking- at it not
from the heart but from the intellect, that it is an
absolute moral impossibility for the North and
South to unite in opinion, standing upon the op-
posite grounds which they occupy. The South
says, as its ultimatum, " We must have theTer-
ritories of the Union in common; we must be
allowed to go there and live there with the men,
women, and children we hold as propei ty, or you
exclude us from the common soil pui chased by the
common blood and treasure of the nation; on no
other terms can we live with you as equals, and wo
cannot submit to live witli you except as equals."
They say to the North," You know nothing about
the institution ofsfavery; you think of it as a nejjro
driven to the cotton-field undei the overseer's lash,
with the blood dripping from his back: you think
of it as man and wife separated from each other,
and denied the privileges of the social circle.
You think of it as children in their tender years,
torn from their fatheis* arms and their mothers'
embrace. Come down into our cities and towns,
and you will find that we are fathers to our slaves;
that we care for them in sickness and provide for
them in old age; that negro men and women live
among us united by religious ceremonies, sur-
rounded by their families, with homes substan-
tially their own; and that, considering the savage
and degraded condition of their ancestors in the
wilds of Africa, they have made rapid strides in
mental, moral, and religious growth. Let usalone;
still the insaueexcitement in your northern States
about the condition of our slaves, about whose
condition you know little, and enable us to relax
our hand upon them, and we will agitate the ques-
tion among ourselves, wisely, moderately, now
we can bestameliorate their condition and elevate
them, consistently with their own safety. Your
interference with our institution forces us into its
defense; the efforts you blindly make to liberate
our slaves compels us to rivet their chains. More
than a generation ago, Virginia, now in arms in
defense of slavery, day after day, in the most per-
fect freedom of debate, discussed th'c emancipation
of her slaves, and the measure was lost by a single
vote. If your northern free labor possesses those
advantages you claim for it, and brings with it
the train of individual and national blessings you
would make us believe, enable us to see by your
example at home that our true interest lies m its
introduction with us."
Mr. Speaker, I know that in all this, much, per-
haps the main portion, of the picture is true; and
I am willing to admit that, to a great extent, the
picture we uraw of your institutions is distorted
and untrue.
Perhaps we have overlooked the virtues and
advantages in your southern institutions, while the
faults and blemishes have stood out prominently
to view, even as the eye passes unnoticed the fer-
tile plains and valleys that lie nearest us, to gaze
upon the bleak and desolate mountains of granite
that fringe the distance. Yetoursouthern breth-
ren cannot deny that the relation between master
and slave, while frequently one of affection upon
the part of the laborer to the employer, is often
one of great dependence, is often one in which the
tyranny of the master is exercised over the ser-
vility of the slave. I know that no southern slave-
holder, no humane and tender-hearted slaveholder,
striving to perform his duty to all the members
of that society in which Providence has placed
him, according to the light affoided him from an
age of Christian civilization, can rise upon this
floor and say that never, in his experience, has
he known acts of inhumanity, the natural out-
birth of the institution of slavery, to be committed
by the slaveholder on his slave, which have gone
unwhipped of justice. Such a slaveholder must
grieve with his whole heart that the marriage re-
lation, as a legal institution, is not consistent with
the condition of a slave. As he looks upon his
own family circle, the tender and loving wife, the
brave and free sons, the chaste and beautiful
daughters, and feels that all which men strive for,
wealth, pleasure, fame", usefulness, is for the sake
of that dear home; feels that with that circle un-
broken he can buffet the trials and bear the bur-
dens of life with a brave, unrepin:ng heart; and
that without those social ties wealth is a mockery,
pleasure a mirage, fame a bubble, and usefulness
itself n burden, he must needs regret that like
hopes and like aspirations are not, cannot be, the
lot of his slaves.
Sir, that Christain slaveholder who, for long
years, has striven to grow into the image of his
Maker; who, profoundly impressed with his re-
sponsibilities to God and his fellow-man, has sur-
rendered his life to his Maker, has taken up his
cross daily and followed Him; who has made the
luituial and the sensual faculties of his nature sub-
ordinate to his spiritual; and who has so found
that the true life which alone is worth living, is a
life of beneficence, a life of usefulness, a life which,
sunlike, slrevvs the earth with flowers, loads the
trees with fruits, fills the air with perfume, and
transmitted the dead earth into an Eden—such a
man m ust needs see and grieve over those, whether
white or black, free or bond, who still lie im-
mersed m the sensual stye. And such a slave-
holder, from experimental knowledge, must know
that in the exeicise of his freedom alone can man
rise above the natural and sensual life into which
he is born. I do no not mean to say, sir, that a
slave cannot thus rise. I know he can; but what I
mean to assert is, that the obstacles to his eleva-
tion are multiplied and strengthened by the sur-
roundings of his servile state.
We are a nation of Christians. We acknowl-
edge Christ as our leader, as the great exemplar,
after whom it is our aim to fashion our lives.
The Bible is the word of God, so acknowledged,
in the main, by all It is believed to be a special
revelation of God's will fro man—a written law,
adapted to all the varied circumstances of life, and
embracing within the range of its teachings all
classes, conditions, and orders of society. All
over the land rise stately structures, on which
the wealth of nations has been lavished, where
all classes of community assemble to hear the
word of God read, to praise Him with music and
solemn song, and bend the knee and the spirit in
humble supplication and adoration to Him as the
universal Father, whose love is over all, whose
wisdom guides and illumines all, and whose om-
nipotence energizes the faculties of all. From
earliest infancy our children lisp the prayer which
He taught his Disciples—that grand and loving
epitome of the heart's adoration and supplication,
which it has been our privilege to hear during
each day of this Congress. The Sunday schools
are thronged with our youth, where the tender
minds are taught the precepts of the decalogue;
and where the golden rule uy which all the ac-
tions, the thoughts, and the affections of their
future lives are to be measured, is written on their
hearts.
Our Christianity is the central sun of our civ-
ilization. Its beams penetrated the Egyptian
darkness of the middle ages, and lifted thatdusky
vail which so long rested like an incubus upon the
European mind; and from thence hitherto, with
augmented heat and light, it has scattered its
beamsof life and intelligence throughout the world.
Not only the arts and sciences, not only forms
of beauty and of use have sprung into life with
the profuseness of a tropical vegetation, but one
by one the great principles of right and wrong
have been crystallized into codes and constitutions
and laws, which, like the diamond, receive and
hold and radiate the focalized beams of the civiliza-
tion of the past and the present, and light up with
constantly increasing splendor the pathway of
the future.
The common law of England, that corner-stone
of our political structures, is but an aggregation
of the truths of Christianity as applied to the
occurrences of life; wherever, in its chrystalline
structure, a speck or flaw 01* cloud is to be seen,
it is because the truths of Christianity have been
misunderstood or misapplied. The constitution
of England, that shadowy but firm structure which
embraces the body-politic of Great Britain, is but
a concrete of Christian principles applied to Gov-
ernment; and wherever a shaft totters, or a col-
umn crumbles, it is because of the barbarian ele-
ments which have been unwisely incorporated in
the structure. The law of nations, which has
substituted the pursuits of commerce for the trade
of the pirate, the arbitrament of peaceful tribunals
for the wager of battle, which has whitened the
seas with canvas, garnished the shores with cities,
and burdened the land with plenty, is buta beam
from the sun of Christianity, even now broken
and dimmed by the interposing clouds of a lin-
gering barbarianism.
Our republican Constitution, the admiration of
the world, which for three quarters of a century
has performed its functions almost withoutajar,
derives all its power from the Christian principles
it embodies.
Now, sir, the northern religious man believes
the condition of the slave to be at war with the
principles of Christianity and with the precepts
of the Bible. Though the southern man, edu-
cated from infancy in its midst, may look upon the
institution as patriarchal, as sanctioned by the
precepts and the practices of patriarchs and kings,
as Heaven-descended and Bible-sanctioned, yet
no amount of logic, no cunning fence of argument,
can move the northern religious mind from its
positions. The northern religious mind looks,
and will continue to look, upon your institution
as Bible-denounced and Heaven-accursed; and no
law, no punishment, no muzzling of the press,
no suppression of discussions, no new alien and
sedition laws, can touch its settled convictions.
Call it bigotry, fanaticism—call it what you will,
it is an incorrigible opinion, which can never be
moved. And yet, sir, from one who so thought
of slavery, I have heard as pure and heartfelt a
petition go up to the throne of God for the master
as for the slave; and the master held up before
the throne of mercy not as a tyrant, 01*as a fiend,
but as a brother man; no worse, no better, than
the humble disciple from whose lips gushed the
supplications of a heart overflowing with love to
all men. Sir, that man who so feels would suffer
