1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
iheGovernment upon the shortestallowance neces-
sary to carry it on with honor and ctedit. My
■opposition now is not because of the incoming of
a new Administration of different politics from
mine, but because of the condition of the* Treas-
ury at this time. Our finances admonish us, sir,
to pursue the course of caution and economy. At
ail events, the conviction of my judgment has
prompted me to the course I have pursued. It is
my pleasure to acknowledge that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] lias been a colaboror
of mine in the Committee of Ways and Means,
as well as he has generally been in this House,
for the reduction of the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, and the defeat of all extravagant and
unnecessary appropriations.
1 have made these remarks because the gentle-
man from Ohio, unintentionally I have no doubt,
represented me as unwilling to provide for pay-
ing the indebtedness of the present Administra-
tion. For that indebtedness, I think that I have
fully shown ample provision has already been
made. 1 refer to the §21,000,000 loan provided
for in the tariff bill, which bill will undoubtedly
pass during this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souii refers to the tariff hill, as containing a loan.
The first reply to that is a reference to the language
of the law itself. By the very terms of that tariff
bill, the money to be raised under it cannot be
appiied to a redemption of Treasury notes. On
the contrary, it is specifically provided that the
loan shall be devoted to the meeting of any de-
ficiency in the current revenues of the Govern-
ment. It is true that that may be changed. In
the next place, if we should only give place to
one loan by another, then we might reduce the
loan provided in the tariff bill to $10,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Then the gentleman admits
that he anticipates a deficiency of §21,000,000
under the tariff bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not anticipate any
such deficiency; but I do say that it is wise to
provide against any contingency which may arise.
The sum we have here to do is not beyond the
capacity of the youngest boy in an arithmetic class.
Hero wo have a debt of §25,000,000, and how are
we going to pay it? You have $10,000,000 of
Treasury notes, bearing twelve per cent, interest,
which arc due next December. How are you
going to pay them? My friend from Missouri
(Mr! PiiELrs] says, by the loan in the tariff bill.
43ut there is already a loan bill upon our statute-
books under whsch these Treasury notes can be
withdrawn when they become due. Why, then,
repeal one law to give place to another, unless
it be to show that the new Administration have
borrowed $91,000,000 to pay the liabilities of the
Government? I say to you, gentlemen on the other
side, pay your own liabilities, or pledge the Gov-
ernment credit for enough money to pay them.
I trust that the incoming Administration will not
•come into this House and ask, year after year,
loan bills to pay current expenses. I call for the
previous question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
on concurring in the amendment of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 101; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Barr, Bar-
ret, Bolder, Bouli?ny, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Brown,
Buieh, Burnett, John B. Claik, John Cochiane, Cox, James
Craig. Burton Ciaige, John G. DavH, Or* Jnrnotte, Edmund
sou/lcngli^li, Etherulge, Fouke, Gilmer, John T. Haim,
Holman, William IJowaul, Kunkel, Larrabee, James M.
Leaeh, Logan, Malloiy, ElbeitS. Martin, Maynard, Mp-
Clernandj MeKenty, Millsmi, fsaac N. Morns, Niblaelt,
Pendleton, Peyton,* Phelps Pijor,Quaile«5, James C. itob-
in&on, itnftin, Scott. Sickle*, Simms,William N. II. Smith,
Stokes, Thoma-, Vallandisliam, Vance, Webster, White-
lc-v. Woodson, and Wright—59.
NAYS—Mess'is. Chailes F. Adam*, G>een Adams, Ad-
tinn. A'ducli, Alte\ .William O Amleir-on. Ashley, Babbitt,
£«>ule. Bingham, Dian, Btaytou, Bran.'?, Oullmtoo, Bum-
bam Buueifield, Campbell. Carey. Cartel. Ca>e, Coburn,
Ci ifa\. Con\vav,Coi\vm,Covode,Cui n>, II.Winter Davis,
I),.we? Delano. Duel!. Dunn, Edgeiton, Hhot, Elv, Fenton,
* Liry, Foster. Gooch. Giahruri, Gum, Guiley, Hale, Ilas-
kni. iJeltmck, William A Howaid, Humphrey, Uutohuis,
liune. Junkm, Fi.mcis W. KoIIo^k. Kenyon, Kilhngur,
lJe\\ at C. Leach. Lee, Lonenecker, Lovejoy, Marion,
Kean. MeKmsUt. McPheKon. Millvvard, Montgomeiy,
Mcrrnl. Edvvaid Jov'Moith, Mm^e, Nixnn, P.ihnei, Pony,
P.-iiu, Portei, Pottei, Pottle, Lldwm It Krynold.s.
c'luistophet Ilobinson, Itoyee. Serantou, rfedgwiek, >?h ir-
au, Spauldin^, Bpiuner, Stanton, Stevens,William Stew
art, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train,
Van Wyck, Veiree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn. Ellihu B. Washbiune, Weils, Wilson, Wm-
dom, and Woodruff—101.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
During the vote,
Mr. FRANK said: Mr. Speaker, I am paired
on this question with Mr. Garnett, of Virginia,
who has been suddenly called away by the death
of a relative.
Mr. FLORENCE (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE would have voted in the
negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BLAKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Moses
Meeker; and
An act (II. R. No. 181) to provide for a super-
intendent of Indian affans for Washington Ter-
ritory and additional Indian agents; when the
Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying*the
House that that body returned House bill No.
714,in accordance with the request of the House,
for the correction of a clerical error; and also that
it had ordered the printing of certain documents.
ILLINOIS SALINE LANDS.
The SPEAKER stated the next question in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
975, for the confirmation of title to saline lands in
Jackson county, in the State of Illinois, to D. II.
Brush and others.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the bill be now put
on its passage. I will saya word in explanation
before any vote is taken on the bill. The ordi-
nance admitting Illinois into the Union provided
that the saline lands in the State should be reserved
to the State for the purpose of being leased. In
1847, Congress passed a law authorizing the Le-
gislature of the State of Illinois to pass a law to
sell these lands to purchasers. The Legislature
passed such a law, appointing a commission to
dispose of the lands. The lands were sold in
pursuance of this authority, and the purchasers
received their deeds from the commissioners. But,
on examination of the recoids m the land depart-
ment, I find that there is no record there of the
reserved lands. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office suggested to me that the best
plan was to get a bill passed recognizing the title
of these purchaseis. The description of the land
is set out in the bill, with the names of the pur-
chasers; and the bill only recognizes their pur-
chases as valid, for the purpose of making their
claim of title complete. The bill is recommended
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
These are the facts. The bill is a meritorious
one, and 1 hope it will be passed. It will save
much unnecessary litigation.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is the bill confined to the
lands which ha\e already been sold?
Mr. LOGAN. It is. The lands have been sold,
and the names of the purchasers are in the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsidei the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL SEUVICE.
Mr. COLFAX. I now withdraw my motion
to recommit House bill No. 950, in regard to the
postal service; and offer a substitute for the bill,
which i send to (he Clerk's desk. I desire to say
to the House, that as if yesterday appeared that
some gentlemen bupposed there might be an in-
ference drawn from the bill, as it was reported,
of an acknowledgment that certain States had
seceded from the Union—an inference which the
committee did not desire to have drawn—they
have thought proper to authorize me to report a
more general pro vision, covering the same ground,
which will last till, and be as applicable to, the
year 1900, as well as to the year 1861.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Strike out the preamble and all after the enacting clause,
and insert:
That whenever in the opinion of the Postmaster General
the postal service cannot be safely continued, or the Post
Office revenues collected, or the postal laws maintained,
or the contents of the mails piescrved inviolate, till deliv-
ered to the proper address, on any post route, by reason of
any insurrection or resistance to the laws of the United
States, the PostmasterGeneral is hereby authorized to dis-
continue the postal service on such route, or any part thero-
of, and at any post offices thereon, till the same can be safely
restored ; and shall report his action to Congress.
Mr. COLFAX. The House will see there is
no preamble to this substitute; that it lays down
the broad and general proposition that, when the
postal laws cannot be maintained, the Postmaster
General shall be authorized to discontinue the
service, and report his action to Congress.
I now desire to enter the motion to recommit,
and, after that motion is entered, I desire to state
that, although 1 have a speech of half an hour
which I would like to deliver, yet, at the same
time, as it was debated yesterday by one speech
in favor, and one against the proposition, and as
gentlemen arc desirous that it should be immedi-
ately brought to vote, and inasmuch as I myself
think that votes are better speeches than mere
words, I shall forego the explanatory and statis-
tical speech i desired to make, and move the pre-
vious question. If the House desire to keep on
debating the bill for a week, they can vote down
the previous question.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I desire to
offer a substitute, and I hope the gentleman will
permit it to be read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to withdraw the previous ques-
tion. I would say to the gentleman that the sub-
stitute now presented is materially different from
the one which has been printed, and which has
been under discussion, it is due to the members
of the House that the substitute should be printed,
and an opportunity allowed for examination. For
that reason I hope the gentleman will not insist
upon the previous question, but let the substitute
be printeu in the Globe, or in the usual manner in
which bills are printed, and let us have at least *
one or two days in which we may look into its
provisions and effect, to see whether it is consti-
tutional, and whether it is a proper plan to be
adopted at any time. I am not sure, from hear-
ing it read, but that it is a bill which ought to
pass.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a question, in order to enlighten myself
upon the matter. I think I am ready to vote for
the bil),if I understood aright the gentleman's
explanation of it. Did I understood the chairman
to say that this bill dispenses with the preamble?
Mr. COLFAX. It does.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Did I understand the
gentleman to state that the operation of the bill
fs not limited to any particular section, State, or
locality r
Mr. COLFAX. It ig not.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Or to any particular
case ?
Mr. COLFAX. To cases which may occur
anywhere.
Mr. McCLERNAND. To the obstruction of
mails anywhere in the United States?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I am prepared
to vote for u.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I hope the
gentleman will allow my amendment to be read.
The SPEAKER. The only motion now is
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SIMMS. I desire to put a question to the
gentleman from Indiana. Although the gentleman
has said that the terms of this bill are general, I
desire to know whether it was not intended espe-
cially to apply to seceding States?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman,
if the unanimous consent of the House allows me.
The provisions of the bill would have applied to
the city of Erie, Pennsylvania, when the rioters
