1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Wells.
Ho. of Reps.
the fires of the stake rather than extend your in-
stitution by any act of his; and yet I doubt not
that man would look to the eradication of slavery
among yourselves only through the silent but
effective operations of that Gospel which brings
peace on earth and good will to men.
Now, sir, so believing, the northern man says:
" Slavery is an institution which, from the begin-
ning of this Government up to the present moment,
and long before this Government was formed, was
recognized by the law of England to be local in its
character, deriving its whole force from the local
and municipal law; an institution whoso validity,
whose sanction, exists alone by virtue of the law of
the State or Territory in which the slave lives."
Again, our northern men, as they look over the his-
tory of the country, see that, among the boldest
Abolitionists of the early day—before the popular
mind had become so heated that it could not listen
to the voice of humanity in behalf of the negro—
were such men as Jefferson, Washington, Frank-
lin, and Henry;and when they read thedebatesof
our national convention, they see, or think they
see, that the principles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, " that all men are created equal," and
nave certain " inalienable rights," which are enu-
merated—I say they see these principles embodied
in the Constitution of the country. They see,
indeed, that the southern negro has not the right
to vote yet he is represented upon the floor of
this House. They know that, for every five ne-
groes who live in the South, three of them are
represented, the same as three free men, in this
Hall. They know that there is a provision in
the Constitution that, when a slave escapes from
his master into a free State, he cannot be recog-
nized as free by the laws of that State, but must
be returned to the person to whom his labor be-
longed; and this provision they believe to be a
recognition in the Constitution that slavery islocal;
ami, but for this fugitive-from-labor provision,
could have no existence beyond the law of the
State. They know, too, that there was a pro-
vision in that Constitution that, in twenty years
after it went into effect, a traffic which, I believe,
the South, as well as the North, still recognize
as piratical and infernal, was to be abolished;
and that, even before that period had elapsed,
it was abolished. This, too, the North considers
another evidence of the local character of slavery,
inasmuch as, without this restriction, Congress,
under its power over commerce, could have at
once stopped the increase of slaves by means of
the slave trade.
Allow me to say, Mr. Speaker, that, though I
refer to the Chicago pla'form, I care no more
about it than I do about the Breckinridge platform,
except so far as I believe it to express principles
which I think it my duty to support. If the Chi-
cago platform sustains the principles which I up-
hold, I maintain and defend it; if it does not, I spit
upon it and trample it under my feet. '£he Chi-
cago platform says that the maintenance of the
pi mciples of the Declaration of Independence are
essential to the perpetuity of Republican institu-
tions. The Chicago platform says that the nor-
mal condition of a Territory is one of freedom,
and not slavery. It recognizes, in effect, that be-
fore the Constitution of the United States was
adopted, our fathers abolished slavery 111 all the
Territories of the United States; that when this
glorious Republic first went into operation, no
slave soil outside of the slave States existed in the
Union; that the policy t>f our fathers was, that
slavery should ultimately be abolished by the
slave States, because they believed it a moral,
social, and political evil, entailed upon them by
the cupidity of British merchants. Washington,
as we well know, said therp was no man who de-
sired more than he to see slavery abolished by
law; and Benjamin Franklin declared, in a peti-
tion which he presented to this body, I believe,
that the Congress of the United States ought to
step to the very verge of the Constitution in order
to abolish it.
Again: the Chicago platform says that the nor-
mal condition of a Territory is that of freedom:
and what further does it say ? That it is the duty
of Congress, whenever occasion requires it, to
prohibit the introduction of slavery into the Ter-
ritories of the Union, and denies the authority of
Congress, of a Territorial Legislature, or of any
individual, to give legal existence to slavery in
any Territory of the United States.
Now, I am confident the South will not say to
the North, "give up your principle." I have
heard no man make such a requirement; yet the
South says to us: " You surrender no principle
by giving up to slavery all the territory south of
360 30', and protecting slavery there by congres-
sional or constitutional enactments."
Now, I propose to show that the majority of
the committee of thirty-three asks the Republicans
of the North to give up a principle, and to give
up the Chicago platform,as I understand it. Al-
low me to say just here, that I have, in common
with probably every gentleman upon this floor,
received repeated communications from my con-
stituents; but in no instance, in no single instance,
have they for one moment wavered in their sup-
port and maintenance of the Chicago platform. In
every instance have they declared it to be their con-
viction that the Republicans in Congress should,
at all hazards, adhere to their principles in refer-
ence to slavery in the Territories, as announced
in the Chicago platform.
I have believed, from the beginning of this dis-
cussion until now, that, as fair and honest men,
dealing justly by our brethren in the South, it was
the bounden duty of the Republicans to say to
them: "Gentlemen, the opinion of our constitu-
ents in reference to slavery in the Territories is,
that it ought not to be established there, and we
understand the Chicago platform to mean that it
is the duty of Congress to prevent by legislation,
when it is necessary, the introduction of slavery
in the Territories; we mean to represent our con-
stituents on this floor; we mean that you shall
know what we intend to do, if we have the power.
Not, sir, that I ani not anxious for compiomise;
but it is impossible for us to compromise upon
the basis demanded by us, without a disgraceful j
surrender of principle. I voted against the rais-
ing of this select committee of thirty-ihree. I be-
lieved thatitcould never reconcile opinions which
are so diametrically opposed to each other; and I
bclifcve so still.
Mr. Speaker, the majority of that committee
propose, in effect, to admit the Territories of New
Mexico and Arizona as slave States. Let the
country understand that, North and South, and
meet it fully and squarely.
By the law of 1850, the compromise measures,
which I never subscribed to, but always opposed,
it was provided that the institution of slavery
might go into the Territory of New Mexico; and
the preamble of this leport states that whereas,
by that law, the institution of slavery has already
been legalized in the Territories of New Mexico
and Arizona; therefore resolved, that the said Ter-
ritorjes be. formed into a State, and admitted with
such constitution as the people there shall estab-
lish for themselves, provided it is republican in
form, according to the principles upon which the
other States have been admitted. I say, then,
stripped of all pretense and laid bare to the gaze,
the proposition of the majority of the committee
is no more and no less than that the Territories
of New Mexico and Arizona shall be admitted
with slavery implanted in their constitutions by
law. As an honest man, believing, as I do, that
the institution of slavery is repugnant to the prin-
ciples upon which our Constitution and our Gov-
ernmentrest, I never will vote for a measure which
I believe Saps the foundation stone upon which
the whole structure is erected. All other ques-
tions are of little consequence; whether sla\-eryis
abolished in the District of Columbia for the next
ten, or twenty, or a hundred years, is a matter
comparatively of little importance.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is a different thing when
we propose to nationalize slavery by making all
territory south of 3G°30' a State, with orwithout
slavery, as its constitution may provide, ignoring
the fact that slavery is now spread over New
Mexico by virtue of the territorial law, not only
African slavery in it^" most objectionable form,
but peon slavery, which embraces whites as well
as blacks, citizens as well as those who, under
the decision of the Supreme Court, are entitled to
no rights which a white man is bound to respect.
When we thus admit New Mexico, without first
purging it of slavery and peonage, both of which
we have the unquestioned right to prevent the
Territorial Legislature from establishing—when
we thus sanction the act of a Territorial Legisla-
ture making free territory slave, we nationalize
slavery, we recognize it as property; we fail to
exercise the twofold power which Congress has,
first, to repeal the territorial law; second, to re-
fuse to admit a slave State, by which the further
extension of slavery may be prevented. We make
every man in this Union guilty of extending sla-.
very. And, sir, it is no answer to say, that from
1850 until now, with the full power to carry sla-
very there, but twenty-fourslaves have been car-
ried there. Itis notinswer to say that the parched
plains of New Mexico are unfitted to slave labor;
no answer to say that God has established the
law of freedom over those Territories more ef-
fectual than human codes. Sir, I cannot forget
that Indiana, when a Territory, repeatedly applied
to Congress for permission to hold slaves, nor the
noble response of Virginia's eccentric but talented
and patriotic statesman. Sir, I cannot forget that
in that mighty empire which throws its arms
around the Arctic ocean, slavery lias existed in its
worst forms from time immemorial, and that our
own ancestors, the villeins of merry England, were
chattel slaves; nor can I forget that, unknown in
name, but existing in fact, slavery has ever gone
and flourished, too, unless the free hearts of the
people have erected a barrier of law to prevent
its ingress. Nor can I forget that even our own
African slavery has been pronounced bythebest,
the ablest, and the most eloquent of southern
statesmen, glaringly inconsistent with the princi-
ples of liberty and equality which gave birth to
our Revolution, and out of which our Constitu-
tion and laws have grown.
Plant slavery in New Mexico and Arizona. Let
it be forever in contact with the fertile cotton-fields
of Texas, and with those other fields which the
chairman of the committee of thirty-three hasso
logically shown to be capable of sustaining sixty
million slaves—nearly twice the present popula-
tion of the United States—and who can tell what
will be the future destiny of that vast Territory,
large enough to make twenty-four States the size
of Massachusetts. As the rocks and mountainsof
New England, its granite, and its ice, have been
made to sustain a dense population, who knows
what people may yet swarm over even the sterile
plains of New Mexico? Who knows what new
arts, what new appliances, what unimagined dis-
coveries may convert the desert into a garden ?
Sir, I have seen the sand-hills of a southern form,
where even the stunted pine would scarcely thrive,
converted into luxuriant clover-fields by the en-
terprise and industry of Yankee farmers; and
sleek and well-fed lieids grazing where the prickly
pear was before the chief vegetable. May not
the same industry and skill that have reclaimed the
plains of Holland from the waters, and which
gather now the vintage from the mountains of
Switzerland, yet give fertility to the plains and
mountains of New Mcxico and Arizona? And
shall we sanction slavery there now by congres-
sional action, or by constitutional guarantees'
When I heard the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] who—rising above his surround-
ings and the position of his patty, made to my
mind a glorious Union speech—state that the two
parties of the North and the South had fought, and
had both won and both been conquered; that the
North had substantially excluded slavery from
the Territories, and the South had established the
principle announced by the Dred Scott decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, I dif-
fered with him. I would, sir, rather have the
acorn,folded upas it is in its little shell, than the
mighty oak that gave it birth, as it stands blasted
by the lightning stroke; for the acorn will make
oaks upon oaks and clothe the world in forests.
So, sir, I would rather establish one principle, one
abstraction, one truth, than to have the aggre-
gated facts of the universe in my favor; because
the truth, the principle, the abstraction, will over-
throw everything that stands in its way. When
the great Teacher of the Christian religion taught
God is love, and told his Disciples to love one
another, it was a mere abstraction; but, sir, it has
revolutionized the world; given birth to arts and
sciences;foundedand perpetuated free institutions.
Establish the abstraction that we should love
one another, and bring it into daily practice, and
