776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
prevented the mails from passing that city a few-
years ago. Tlie post office could have been sus-
pended, and the mail routes to it, and harmony
would thus have been soon restored.
Mr. SIMMS. But that event in our history is
passed, and we are not legislating for events which
took place, four or five years ago.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gentle-
maa will rfllow this bill to pass over until to-mor-
row.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman from Indiana
can satisfactorily answer me two questions, I
think I can support his bill. In the first place, I
would like to know whether the Postmaster Gen-
eral does not possess,under existing laws, all the
power that is proposed to be conferred upon him
by this substitute ?
Mr. COLFAX.' It must be a matter of some
doubt, as the gentleman from North Carolina and
the gentleman from Kentucky had a very able
debate upon one branch of that very question the
other day.
Mr.BR.ANCH. Another question. Ifthesub-
stitute now proposed by the gentleman from Indi-
ana is adopted, under that, and under existing
laws, can the Postmaster General make arrange-
ments for transferring the mails, when they reach
the borders of the States in which obstructions
exist, over to any mails that may be carried under
the authority of those States, so that citizens of
States which have not seceded can correspond
with the citizens of States which have ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman,
although this bill has no reference to State lines,
that the mails may, of course, be carried to the
borders of the States to which mail routes lead
under existing contracts, even if discontinued be-
yond those borders. Besides that, letters may be
carricd all over those States by express companies,
ifthe letters are placed in stamped envelope's. Even
now, under existing laws, where express compa-
nies run upon the same lines with the mails, they
can cany letters in competition with the Depart-
ment, if the letters are inclosed in stamped envel-
opes, which,by the law, never can be used a sec-
ond time. Therefore, the correspondence with all
States can be carried on through the express com-
panies, by letters placed in stamped envelopes.
Mr. BRANCH. If I can get a satisfactory
answer upon that point, I can vote for the gentle-
man's bill. I have no desire that this Govern-
ment shall keep up mail service in those States
* which have chosen to say that the laws of the
Union are no longer in force there. Do I, then,
understand the gentleman from Indiana to say
that if this bill is passed, under it, and under the
existing laws, the citizens of those States that
have not attempted to secede will still have the
means of corresponding with persons living in
those Slates that have seceded ?
Mr. COLFAX. I have 110 doubt that they
will. The mails could bo carried to the border of
the State which has seccded, and after that, 1
suppose the authorities of that State would have
to carry them. Thus, 111 the wilderness frontier,
we carry letters as near the settler as our postal
system extends; and he has to see to getting them
from that terminus at his own expense. Pike's
Peak last year was a signal instance of this. Till
we established mail routes and postal service there,
the whole mail for that region was taken at the
frontier by an express company, under the con-
sent of the Department, and conveyed over the
plains to the miners at twenty-fiveccnts per letter.
They brought back replies, and mailed them on
our frontier.
Mr. BRANCH. That is the very point. After
letters reach the borders of those States, is the
Postmaster General authorized to make arrange-
ments with those States or the inhabitants for
transferring the letters across the border ?
Mr. COLFAX. If, in any region, our postal
laws cannot be maintained, we can only take the
mails as far as they are protected by law. The
letters will thus be carried to the terminus of the
route upon the borders of the States. There they
will stop; and I doubt not that, like the Pike's
Peak arrangement, if means are provided for their
being carried further on, there would be 110 ob-
jection to this being done. It certainly ought to
be done, and doubtless will.
Mr. BRANCH. Delivered to the persons to
whom directed, or an authouz.ed public agentr
Mr. COLFAX. Not to the person directed,
perhaps, for we have no post route to his resi-
dence; but if any arrangements should have been
made for carrying the mails there, no objection
could be made to their taking them on at their
own expense.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the gentleman to
say, then, that if this law passes, the Postmaster
General will be invested with power by law to
make arrangements forcarrying letters addressed
to persons resident in the States that have seceded,
to the borders of those States, and there deliver-
ing them over to the authorized agents of those
States, to be transferred to their destination.
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly, sir; to any means
that those people who are not on existing mail
routes should provide for their reception and trans-
mission.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana one question. I objected to the
gentleman's bill because,011 its face,itrecognized
the act of secession of different States. I wish to
ask him if it is the policy of his party 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. I want to know if this debate
is in order, pending the demand for the previous
question ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. COLFAX. As objection is made, I insist
upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COX called for the reading of the substi-
tute.
The substitute was again read.
Mr. COLFAX withdrew the motion to recom-
mit.
The amendment, in the nature of a substitute,
was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. COLFAX moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The pievious question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
riun, Aldiich, Allen, Alley, Witliain C. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt, E'.arr, Ileale, Bingham, Blair, 111.ike. Branch, Bray-
ton, Briggs, Bristovv, Brown, Buflinton, ISutel), Iliirnham,
Buiterfiekl, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Cobnrn, Joltn
Cochrane, Collax,Conway, Cox, II. "Winter Davi", Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edward*, Eliot, Ethcridge,
Fenion, I'eriy, Florence, Foster, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham,
Giow, Gurley, Hale, John 'I'. Hauls, Haskin, Hehniek,
llindman, Hoard, Iloiman, William Howaid, William A.
Howard, Humphrey, llutchius, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W.
Kellogg, Witham Kellogg, ICenyon, lvilgore, Killinger, Lar-
r.ibcc, DeWitt C. Leach, I.ee,Longneekor, Loomis, l.ovo
ioy, Maeiay, Mallory, Marstoil,McClcrnami,McKean,Mc-
Kenty, Melvniglit, McPlierson, Million, Mtllward, Mont-
gomery, Mooihead, MolhII, I'd ward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Sloriw, Mnise, lVeKon, Nivon, Pendleton, Peiry, Pettit,
Peyton, j'ottei, I'ottei, Pottle, Edwin It. Reynolds, John
II. Reynolds, Itiggs, Christopher liobinson, Royce, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Spauhling, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevens, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Vallamhghaiij, Van Wyok, Yerree, Wade, WaJ-
dron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Elhliu I>. Wasii-
buine, Wells, Wilson, Windoni, Wood, and Woodiull'
—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas E. Anderson, Avery, liarret,
Bullion, Duinett, John li. Ckuk, Burton Craigc, John G.
Davis, De Jainette, Edmundson,English, Jenkiiia, Kunkel,
James M. Leach, Elbert S. .Maitut, Maynaid, Niblack,
Phelps, Pryor, Quarles, Itlltrm, Sim ins. William N. II.
Smith, Thomas, Vance, Wlnteley, Winslow, and Wright
—28.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr.BURCH (when his name was called) said-
I desire to say that, although I am a member of
the committee that reported tho original bill, if it
had been pressed in the form in which it was first
presented, I should have voted against it. With
the modification, however, now presented by the
chairman of the co.mmittcc, I vote for it.
Mr. BURNETT (when his name was called)
said: If gentlemen on the other side of the House
desire to repeal all laws of the United States appli-
cable to the seceding States, and will introduce a
bill to make this thing operate equitablyandjustly
upon them, I will vote for it; but when they pro-
pose to collect taxes within the seceding States,
to make them pay taxes for the support of this
Goveniment,and treat them as within the Union,
and then undertake, under cover of the general
provisions of this bill, to cut off their mail facili-
ties, I cannot vote for such a measure. I there-
fore vote " no."
Mr. FLORENCE (when his name was called)
said: I think this is partial legislation; and I am
therefore compelled to vote " no."
Mr. HINDMAN (when his name was called)
said: I regard this measure as protanto a recogni-
tion of the right of secession; and I therefore vote
for it as a disunion measure. [Laughter.]
Mr. VANCE (when his name was called) said:
If this bill, sir, repealed or suspended the opera-
tion of the revenue laws in relation to all of the
States which have seceded from the Union, I
would vote for it; but as it only repeals the laws
affording them postal facilities,leaving them, nom-
inally, at least, the burdens of taxation; and as it
also incurs the danger of a collision between the ,
States going out of the Union and the General \J
'Government, which I consider the greatest barrier ?
to peaceful reconciliation, and which I have sedu-
lously endeavored to avoid, and to which I am
thoroughly opposed in any and all shapes, I shall
vote " no."
Mr. WINSLOW (when his.name was called)
said: There are delegates from fifteen of the States
of this Union now in session m this city endeav-
oring to adjust our present difficulties and restore
peace and harmony to the country. Pending their
deliberations, I think we ought to adopt a policy
of " masterly inactivity," and do nothing what-
ever to irritate the public mind. A measure of
this kind is just as offensive to me as the military
display of mercenary soldiers around this Capitol .
I vote " no."
Mr. BRABSONsaid: For the purpose of keep-
ing down any excitement, I vote " no."
Mr. HOLMAN said: I desire to say, sir, that
inasmuch as this bill cannot possibly be construed
as recognizing even remotely the secession of any
State from the Union, or the right of such seces-
sion, and as the measure of redress proposed by
the bill is the mildest possible remedy for a great
political evil, I will vote "ay."
Mr. SIMMS (when his name was called) said:
Mr. Speaker, I would ask the indulgence of the
House for a moment to explain the vote I am
about to give. If this bill only involved tho prin-
ciple that this Government should not furnish
mail facilities to these seceding States, I would
vote for it, because this Government is under no
obligation to furnish mail facilities to those States
which disclaim all allegiance to it. Upon that
principle, I would vote for any proposition in this
Congress to suspend mail facilities in those States,
believing that they do not either expect or desire
this Government to do so. I am, sir, from Ken-
tucky, which has ever been among the most loyal
and devoted to the Constitution and the Union.
I believe it has been the object of every represent-
ative from that State, both in this Hall and in the
Senate Chamber, to do all that could be done for
the purpose of bringing about an adjustment of
our existing difficulties. Ibelieve that the passage
of this bill would complicate those difficulties, and
retard a settlement, if not destroy all hope of an
adjustment.
Sir, Kentucky, the State I in part represent
upon this floor, would avoid the calamity this
condition of things will bring upon the country.
Whatever may be the final result, she will stand
guiltless before the woild.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sicki.es]
referred yesterday to the fact that the authorities
of the State ofNew York had seized upon arms
belonging to the State of Georgia. Now, that act
will probably be followed by some retaliatory acts
on the part of the State of Georgia. This she
may do by denying to merchants of the city of
New York the right to sue in her courts for the
collection of debts due them by citizens of Geor-
gia. When this condition of things is once inau-
gurated, there will be no limit to acts of wrong and
injustice from both sections. I would avoid this
as I would preserve to the last every chance fora
reconstruction of the Government. The result
of this bill will be only to complicate matters and
prevent an adjustment.
I shall therefore vote against it; because I know
that, whatever it may appear to be upon its face,
it is intended to operate exclusively against the
seceding States. It is but one of the many meas-
ures of coercion now pending in this House,
