in
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
36TII 0ojSG....2  Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Beps.
itjwiil roo.t out every evil, either in the individual
man or in the body-politic. I would rather have
every foot of the Territories of the United States,,
north as well as south, covered with slavery, than
to have established the principle that man can
hold property in man under the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States. Abstractions,
Mr. Speaker, are more deadly than cannon balls.
They will reach where bomb-shells cannot touch.
Give me the abstraction, and you may take the
re&Hty  ^hat is the reason the Republican party
declares, in substance, that it will not abide by
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, It is the principle, the abstraction, which it
wars against—not against the court, nor the case
it decided—but it is the principle which is to meas-
ure and decide all other cases that we repudiate
and condemn. As a lawyer by profession, and
having had the honor to hold a humble place
upon the bench, there is no man who reveres more
than I do the judicial.character, or who will go
further to give all the force it is entitled to to the
judicial decision. But I may say here, as I un-
derstand the principles of our Government, that
it will never do to declare a judicial decision can
infringe a principle of liberty. Pile decision upon
decision, in the language of the courts of theti*ni-
ted States themselves, in a matterconcerning
the liberties of the citizens, precedent is not to be
regarded."
The principle of the Dred Scott decision, which
is claimed on the part of the South, is that man
•may hold property in man under the Constitution I
of the United States in the Territories of the Uni- |
ted States. It is either right or wrong. If it be j
right,! hold it should stand eternal as the hills;
and if wrong, vanish like the mists of morning
before the sunbeams of truth. Tell me that the
decision of a Jeffreys, a tyrant upon the bench,
shall abide through all coming time ! It is against
all reason, as well as against all liberty. I do not
uhclerst'and, however, that the Dred Scott decision
is, in point of fact, what it is claimed to be on the
part of the South; but 1 do understand that it
substantially establishes that principle so far as
the" opinions of a majority of the members of that
court can establish it. i say for one, that the
Republican party—make use ofit, secessionists,
if you can; for it is true, you are entitled to it—
I say, sir, that the Republican party is planted in
opposition to that decision; and so sme as the
spn rises and sets, that principle never can be
established m this country. Come Union or dis-
union, come peace or war, never, never, never
will a true Republican abandon that which he
believes underlies our free institutions.
Anybody who will read (heresolutions adopted
at Chicago will see that the Republican party is
planted upon another principle, which, if under-
stood and disseminated at the South, would, I
think, crush secession, and uplift once more upon
Fort Moultrie the stars and stripes—and that is,
non-interference with the institution of slavery in
the States where it now exists. The South is
thus assured of all that the Constitution grants
them.
Mr. Speaker, I am not disposed to discuss
whether South Carolina, or any of the cotton
States or border States, have a right to leave the
Union. I believe that government is derived from
the consent of the governed. I believe that the
light of revolution is as essential to a republican
Government as any other set out in the Declara-
tion of independence. "Were I an officer in the
United States Navy or Army, and my State se-
ceded, I would not hesitate for a moment to throw
up my commission, and return to the ranks of
my people.
That is the position that I should occupy. I
am loyal to my State. I am standing with my
fellow-countrymen, with whom 1 was reared and
educated, with whom all my feelings, with whom
all my principles, arc associated. Neither will I
discuss that other question: which is the strongest,
the North or the South? I look upon it as meie
braggadocio; and of all the occupations which
men pursue, 1 think that of the braggart is the
meanest and the smallest. As was weli said by
the gentleman from Virginia [Air. Harris] to-
day, '/the race is not always to the swift, nor
the battle to the strong." i depend, sir, for the
strength of the North, upon the principles which
it advocates; and if they be right, I do not fear, if
occasion requires it, to submit our cause to the
God of battles. But, sir, I conceive such a con-
tingency to be entirely outof the question. Who
is going to fire the first gun ? Who is going to
put the pistol to his brother's breast? Who is
going to make the first home desolate? Who is
going first to spread sorrow and agony in the
breasts of women a*nd children? Who is going
to place in hostile array, not merely in position
but in act, the two parts of this great Confeder-
acy ? Who dreams that in a struggle such as that
which would take place between the North and
the South, a single battle-field will decide the
issue? The wars of the houses of York and Lan-
caster will pale into insignificance—the battles
that desolated the fairest fields of Europe for cen-
turies will become insignificant m comparison.
We, when we had but three million people,
threw down the gage of battle to the powerful
empire of Great Britain. We had then only few
shipsancTfew soldiets, without arms,and almost
bankrupt; yet we came through the war of the
Revolution victorious—not a star erased, not'a
stripe defaced. And will it be said that the eight
million of the South cannot defend their fire-
sides, their aitais and their homes, against the
eighteen million of the North ? I have not a mo-
ment's doubt about it—not a moment's.
It seems to me that the poorest argument that
could possibly be presented, is this idea that we
can conquer the South by force of arms on the
field of battle. As a citizen of the great State of
New York, I will, in defense of her rights, vote
men and money, and send my children into the
battle-field, and even—which God giant may never
happen—imbrue my hands in the blood of a
brother. While I sec that dread alternative before
me, I never can give up the conviction of my mind
that it would be brutal and inhuman butchery.
No, sir; loving free institutions as I do; believing,
as I do, that all men are created equal; that before
the eyes of the just God the poor man is as high
as the rich, and the negro as the white, alone,
alone though it he, I hesitate not to make the
assertion, that I believe that, when the immortal
spirit of man is stripped of its tenement of clay,
and stands before the throne of the Almighty, the
master and slave will be measured, not by the
color of their skin or the crisp of their hair, but
by the affections of the heart and the intelligence
or the soul, and the virtue of the life; believing,
as 1 do, that all men are equal, I would rather
make a peaceful division than shed a drop of blood.
I would rather see this Capitol crumble into dust
than see n single human sou! lost. Feeling and
thinking so, I have no fear for principles. If I
were disposed to enter the field of imagination and
picture to my self the future of the North, grounded
as it is on free institutions, with free colleges in
every State, with free schools in every mile square,
with the homes of educated men covering every
hill-top and every valley, with a hardy yeomanry
who arc not ashamed or afraid of work, believing
that God gave the hand to toil, the head to think,
the heart to feel, I should have no fear for the fu-
ture of the North. I would hope that the future
of the South might be as glorious, as prosper-
ous, and as happy as the future of the North;
and, sir, had I the power—which I have not—
I would pursue no policy towards our brethren
of the South other than what necessity required.
If they plant their cannon at the mouth of the
Mississippi, and attempt to make tnbutaiy to
them the great States that lie in the valley of the
Mississippi, I would say to them first, m tones
of respectful expostulation, "Give us the free
navigation of our rivers;" and if they refused that,
I would not hew my way to the seaboard, but I
would plant my ships at the mouth of the river,
and I would carry coercion—if you choose to call
it so—no further than was absolutely necessary
to protect the vital interests of the North. I would
almost say to South Carolina, "Rather than shed
blood, I will even surrender the fort over which
alone the flag of the Union now floats." 1 feel, sir,
that no ignominy has been cast upon our Republic
by all that South Carolina has done. Weie she a
foreign State, I should feel different: but though
erring, she is still a sister State;and I remember,
sir,her Sumter. I remember her Marion and his
men. I remember lnm who, of ail her statesmen,
I most esteemed when he was in his glory, (John
C. Calhoun,) mistaken as I believe him to have
been. I remember him, and I would treat South
Carolina as, in the Bible, the father treated the
prodigal son. Let her go. I would use no more
force against her than is absolutely necessary for
self-preservation and the protection of the great
interests of the country. I would let time work
its effects upon her. I would wait until she got
hungry, and then 1 would give her bread. I
would wait until she got naked, and then 1 would
clothe her. And if she ever did come back, 1
would run to meet her half way, and throw my
arms around her, and call upon my servants to
kill the fatted kid and make music and festival
because the lost one had returned. And, if it
becomes necessary to sink ships in her harbor
and shut up her port, when she comes back into
this great family of States, I will be the first to vote
appropriations for their removal. While she and
the cotton States remain out, I would have our
flag wave, as I saw it waving above these gas-
lights to-night, with no star erased, in the hope
that at last even South Carolina will again return.
1 would not give that hope up, and we need never
give it up, until blood is shed.
Then, when the day of passion begins its rule,
God only knows where it will stop. u Sir, 1 shud-
der at the thought. 1 have looked upon my fate
as most blessed, not for the individual benefits
which I enjoy, but for the heritage of freedom
and civilization, which I expected to hand dowr
to my children. God only knows what the con-
dition of our country will be if our hands are
imbrued m one another's blood. I say to the
South: Peace! wait; shed not blood. Let not
these cannon that run along our streets send forth
their showers of grape and canister, as at ftuena
Yistaand Cerro Gordo and Chepultepec. Let not
the iron hail rattle among the bones of our fellow-
men. Let every man feel that in his hands, on
his heart, on his mind, depend,perhaps, not only
the lives of millions of men, but the liberties and
the happiness of countless millions. If this na-
tion should be plunged into civil war, when may
we hope again to rear such another temple as this
to the goddess of Liberty? I hope yet, sir, to see
the time when the highest stone will be put upon
the dome of this proud Capitol. I hope yet to
see the day when the bronze image of that goddess
of Liberty, for whom we fought m the days of
the Revolution, will stand triumphant upon its
summit.
Mr. Speaker, I had intended to cite the opin-
ions of statesmen of North Carolina during the
debate on the adoption of the national Constitu-
tion in the convention of that State, in which, at
that early day, the principle of coercion was ad-
vocated and sustained. I had intended, also, to
show,as briefly as I could, that the present agita-
tion of the South for the introduction of slavery
into all tta* Tenitones, under the Constitution of
the Uuiteu States, was commenced in 1847, by the
introduction of a resolution by John C. Calhoun-
and that, prior to thattime, such a right had never
been demanded ; hut I see that the time allotted to
me has neatly expired, and it would be impossible
for me to present my views upon that subject as
fully as I would desire.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. KELLOGG,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1861,
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thuty-ttuee—
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Speaker: I have listened, sometimes with
great pleasure, sometimes with great pain, to the
arguments and speeches which have been made
during the last few days in regard to the dis-
turbed condition of the country; but thus far with
little hope. I have heard weli-propared speeches
delivered, gilded with well-toned periods, glit-
tering tropes, and adorned with flowers of rhet-
oric and oratory; but I have as yet heard but
little said which-gives me hope for a bright future
for this great country of ours. I have heard gen-
