1861..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
masked under the plea of enforcing the laws.
There is no gentleman upon this floor who does
not know this to be the purpose of this bill.
Knowing this, 1 am resolved to resist every such
measure. Coercion in any form, against States
asserting by their highest acts of sovereignty the
right of revolution, shall never be inaugurated by
my vote, especially when I know that the inau-
guration of that policy will be the death-knell of
the Union. Kentucky will resist this policy of
coercion*, and when you press these issues to a
hostile act, by armed invasion or otherwise, the
cause of the South will be a common cause. This
Union can never be maintained or reconstructed
by force. It was not formed by force. The lig-
aments that bind it together are its justice, equal-
ity, and fraternity. These are the pillars of its
strength. Its protection the citizen will repay by
his loyalty. Deny this, and he will despise and
resist your Government. Protection is the price
of allegiance to every Government; and the Gov-
ernment that denies the first and demands the last
is a sham and a cheat. I vote " no."
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Hickman
was detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. WEBSTER (who was not within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, objected.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that he should have
voted "ay."
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that, if he had
been within the bar when his name was called,
he should have voted " ay."
M r. BOTELER stated that, if he had been with-
in the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted " no."
Mr. BROWN said: Recognizing the independ-
ence of the States that have seceded—and to them
this? bill is chiefly intended to apply—and believ-
ing that, having seceded, they have no further
claim upon thebounty of this Government, I vote
" ay."
Mr. FLORENCE said: I may have misappre-
hended the pui poses and intent of this bill, and I
do not desire to be placed in a false position. I
regarded it as special and local in its character;
but I may be mistaken; and I therefore change my
vote, and vote " ay." [Laughter.]
Mr. McCLERNAND said: Believing, sir, that
the Government is under no moral or legal obli-
gation to carry the mails where they are or may
be habitually subjected to espionage and violation,
and that its dignity, equally with its interests,
demands that it should not do so, I vote for the
bill.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed;and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENTS.
Mr.NIBLACK. I ask permission of the House
to call up Senate hill No. 10, a bill in addition to
"An act to promote the progress of the useful arts."
Mr. FENTON. What is the regular order of
business?
TheSPEAXvER. This bill was postponed last
session as an unfinished report of the Committee
on Patents; and the Chair supposes the gentleman
h;is a right to call it up.
Mr. NIBLACK. Let the bill be read, and then
a brief explanation will suffice.
The bill was read.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the House will indulge
me, I will make a brief statement in relation to
this bill, which will put the House in possession
of the points. Tins is a Senate bill. It passed
the Senate unanimously at the last session of the
present Congress. The Committee on Patents in
the Senate gave it a great deal of attention, and
the bill was regarded as a good one by the Com-
mittee on Patents m the House, so far as it went.
The bill came to this House, and was referred to
the Committee on Patents. There some amend-
ments were suggested. That committee gave it
a good deal of attention, and reported it back,
with the several amendments that have been read
this morning.
By a vote of the House heretofore, the bill was
postponed till the 12th of December, in the pres-
ent session. Previous to that time, the attention
of the Committee on Patents in the House had
been called to some further amendments; and
therefore the committee let the time pass with-
out calling it up. Since then we have taken up
theseamendments in an informal manner, without
having the bill recommitted to us. They have
instructed me this morning to report some addi-
tional amendments. Some of those are merely ofa
verbal character, such as we think are requisite to
make sections of the bill more intelligible. Some
of them will have, we think, the effect of retrench-
ing the expenditures of the Government under
this bill.
In addition to these verbal amendments, we
propose three or four additional sections. These
amendments I will send up to the Clerk's desk,
and ask that they be read; and if any explana-
tion of them is desired, I shall be happy to give it.
The first section of this bill is highly important,
and has been urged on the attention of Congress
for the last seven years; but while it has some-
times passed one House and sometimes the other,
it never passed both Houses at the same Congress,
and has consequently never become a law. It is
designed to remedy what has been always ac-
knowledged to be a defect in the laws organizing
the Patent Office. Under the present system there
is no process by which an applicant for a patent
can compel the attendance of witnesses before any
officer, in order to have testimony taken. The ap-
plicant has to hire his witnesses at whatever price
they may charge, and he can only procure the
testimony of such witnesses as are willing to ap-
pear voluntarily before an officer. The first sec-
tion of the bill remedies this defect, and authorizes
subpenas to be issued, compelling the attendance
of witnesses as in other cases, and punishing them
for non-attendance. This is manifestly and in
every point of view proper.
The other sections of the bill merely change
details and adjust the machinery of the office to the
present exigencies of the public service. It is not
necessary to explain all the sections of the bili in
detail, for its reading shows they arc proper, and
that there is nothing objectionable in them. We
reported amendments at the last session in regard
to designs, winch are of some importance, un-
der the present law, patents are issued for designs
of all classes for seven years: and under the laws
for the extension of patents, the patentees are not
entitled to an extension. This does not work
well. There is a manifest difference between va-
rious species of inventions of this sort. For in-
stance: there are certain kinds of designs in orna-
mental iron work that are peunanent in their
character, for which a protection of seven years
is too short. On the contrary, we have a class of
designs, such ns wall-paper, &<•., for which seven
years is unnecessarily long. We have reported
an amendment which gives the applicant for a
patent for a design the option whether he shall
take it for fourteen years, for seven years, or for
three and a half years, and scales the prices ac-
cordingly.
After giving the subject a good deal of consid-
eration, we have come to the conclusion that, as
a matter of public policy, as well as ofjustice to
inventors, the amendments ought to be adopted.
We hope the House will adopt them.
Mr. SIMMS. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana, whether this bill reduces the fees which the
Government now receives from patentees?
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the Speaker whether
the morning hour has not expired?
The SPEAKER. It has. This bill will come
up in order to-morrow.
Mr. SIMMS. I would like to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman. I know of an instance in
my own State of an inventor whose whole life
has been absorbed in the improvement of a horse-
shoe for war-horses. He is a very poor man,
and there are many other inventors like him. I
should like this bill to apply to all such cases.
DESTITUTION IN KANSAS.
Mr. CASE. I ask unanimous consent to intro-
duce a bill for reference. It is one which will
have to go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union and be considered there, as it
makes an appropriation. It is a bill which I was
instructed to report by the Committee on Terri-
tories a long time ago; but when the day arrived
for that committee to report, I was absent on
business of the House at New York, and I have
not had an opportunity since to report it.
The bill was read by its title as a bill for the
relief of sufferers by drought and famine in Kan-
sas.
Mr. BURNETT. I must object to that bill.
I do not believe that Congress has authority to
make any such appropriation.
Mr. CASE. Then, I desire it to be understood
that on Monday next I will move to suspend the
rules so as to introduce this bill.
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to present a me-
morial from two thousand citizens of Philadelphia
who voted for Abraham Lincoln, asking that the
compromise measures proposed by Senator Crit-
tenden be agreed to, with the amendments sug-
gested by Senator Bigler.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE. The memorial is signed by
two thousand men who voted for Abraham Lin-
coln. I trust gentlemen will not object to their '
own political friends petitioning Congress.
Objection was withdrawn, and the memorial
was received and laid on the table.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask leave
also to present six memorials from the city of
Philadelphia in favor of the Union, the Constitu-
tion, ana the enforcement of the laws; and ask
that they be laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask leave to present
a copy of the proceedings of a public Uniou meet-
ing in regard to the political crisis, held at New-
bern, Illinois; and ask that they be laid on tlia
table.
It was so ordered.
STATE OF THE UNION.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
had expired, and that the House would now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, being
the report of the special committee of thirty-three
on the disturbed condition of the country, on which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Humphrey]
was entitled to the floor.
Messrs. HUMPHREY, and HARRIS of Vir-
ginia, addressed the House. [Their speeches will
be published in the Appendix.]
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by A. J. Glossbrenner, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that ho . }
has approved and signed bills of the following *J
titles: *
An act (H. R. No. 876) for the benefit of Ga-
briel J. Johnston;
An act (H. R. No. 670) granting an increase of
pension to William G. Bernard, late a soldier in
the United States Army; and
An act (H. R. No. 919) for the relief of F. M.
Beauchamp and Betsy J. Townsend.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate insist on their amendments disa-
greed to by the House, and disagree to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
year ending June 30, 1861, ask for a conference'
thereon, and have appointed Messis. Green, Fes-
senoen, and Harlan as managers in said con-
ference on their part.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill pro-
viding a temporary government for the Territory
of Colorado; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
The House (at four o'clock, p.m.) took a recess
till seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.,
(Mr. Harris, of Maryland, in the chair.)
PRESENTATION OF A MEMORIAL.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of citizens of Adams
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the adoption
by Congress of some plan of compromise of the
present national difficulties.
STATE OF THE UNION.
The House resumed the consideration of the
