194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
3C>th Gong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
until the tide shall cease to rise and fall, and yet
the public mind at the South will believe that the
institution of slavery is right. You may legislate
till the sun shall grow tired in his course, and the
northern mind will still say that slavery is a moral
evil and apolitical wrong, "Why waste your time
in endeavoring to reform public opinion North,
or to leform public opinion South? It is not the
business ortheduty of legislation. Itisnot a sub-
ject of legislation. It existed when the Govern-
ment began. It will exist when you and I, and
th$ States which we represent, shall have crumbled
away under the gnawing tooth of time. And yet,
sir, are we in the difficulty that nothing can be
done to avert the evil ? Is this Government to be
dissolved? Is the fair fabric which our fathers
buiided to crumble to dust in its early manhood,
bccause differences of opinion exist now, which
existed when the Government began? I would
say to my northern friend, who is willing to see
this Government disrupted on that question, that,
however much I might love him and admire his
talents, I would take leave of him forever, and
cling to the flag o^ my country, and let public
opinion at the North and South prevail as it now
is, rather than ruin should overwhelm us. This
difference existed when the Government was
framed. Slavery existed in Virginia, that proud
old mother of States, whom I admire to-day
for her position in this great conflict. She has
thrown herself into the breach to turn back the
tide of disunion and revolution, and says to the
nation, " be united and be brothers again." God
bless the Old Dominion 1 New York, too, was
then a slave State, and tolerated the doctrine of
slavery. Massachusetts—liberty-loving State—
where stands old Bunker Hill, with her thousand
glorious clustering memories, drank in early the
doctrines of freedom.
She early embraced the idea that human op-
pression was wrong in every form. True, gallant
old State! On one of her hill sides, 1 have seen
a humble slab, with the inscription,4' Here War-
ren fell.*' "Who can look at it without a throb
and a sensation of glorious recollection of our
history? Will old Massachusetts now unbend a
little, not to sacrifice her opinions and principles,
but to save the Union? Will Virginia do it? Will
Kentucky do it?' I say befoie Heaven tlmt Illi-
nois, her young sister, will; and you, sir, (ad-
dressing Mr. McClernard,] and i wiH march
hand in hand to consummate the glorious tiiumph
of the reunion of the States in the spiritin which
they were first formed.
[Mr. McCleknand here advanced, and giving
his hand to Mr. Kellogg, said—
"And what other oath.
Than honesty to honesty engng'd,
That this shall be, or wc will lall for it?"
[Great applause in the House galleries.]
Mr. FA11NSWORTH, (in his scat.) I wish
you \oy of the wedding.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My colleague
says he wishes mc joy of the wedding. Sir, when
any member of any party will ask me to stand
with him by the country, disregarding political
distinctions, I say we will be brothers, whatever
may betide; and, if 1 must patt with my friends,
I will give them a blessing. Although they may
wander for atime in the dark paths of fanaticism,
they will at last icturn to the home* of thcii
fathers; and we will take them back and make
them first elukhen in the household.
I said, sir, that when tins Government was
formed there was this conflict of opinion. Do you
believe it could ever have been formed, if it had
been requited that Virginia and old Massachu-
setts should agree that slavery was either right or
wrong? No, sir. The very question which now
disturb:* us would have prevented the union of
the States. If Virginia or North Caiolnut had
said to Massachusetts, ''You must believe as we
do," I tell yon the battle of IJunker Hill would
never have been fought. But, sir, what did they
do? They agreed to tolerate opinion in the dif-
ferent localities, as wc are compelled to tolerate
opinions on political and religious subjects among
our neighbors, so as to live together in £ood broth-
erhood. What did they do in the Territories?
Did they say that no slavery should exist m the
Territonos? Your fathers did in the northwest-
ern Territory, Slavery was*not there, practically;
or if at all, to the most trifling extent. When
Virginiagave to the country the great Northwest,
out of which the State which I in part represent
was carved, your fathers said " It is best that sla-
very shall not make its mark on that soil." Three
years afterwards, in 1790, the same men took a
cession of territory from North Carolina, in which
slavery did exist, and they said "Slavery shall
not be abolished there." That was the doctrine
of the fathers. They tolerated this difference of
opinion in the different Territories; but mark the
line. So that the question might not create any
conflict, they tolerated the opinion of the right and
of the wrong of slavery to exist; and yet they pre-
vented the practical conflict of that opinion. And
cdl we want to-day is to prevent that practical
conflict. Let us do that, anu the old ship of State,
which now lies floundering in the trough of the
sea, shall come into a harbor of smooth waters,
with all its canvas set, not a spar broken, nor a
sail torn.
Then do it, my friends. If you but return to
the policy of your fathers; if you go back and do
that now to save the Union that they did to make
the Union originally, the question is settled in an
hour. Woe be to him, when the shock comes,
who did not do all in his power to settle this
vexed question in American politics.
In view of that idea, and the true policy of the
Government, and the policy of the fathers in re-
gard to slavery, I have presented to this House
resolutions which I believe carry out every doc-
trine of the Republican party, and which, if
adopted, will give peace to the country and aglo-
uous termination to that conflict which was likely
to involve the country in the calamities of dis-
ruption and civil war. I propose to amend the
Constitution; to do that which the fathers did in
1820, when the same question was before the
Ameiican mind. There was then a practical con-
flict of opinion in regard to slavery in the Terri-
tories. There was slavery, in fact, in the southern
part of the Louisiana purchase. There was no
slavery, in fact, in the northern poition of it.
The people of the eastern States demanded a right
to emigrate there, and that they should have free-
dom as an inheritance.
Thenv was a conili* t of opinion; it was an tin-
occupied Territory, but about to be settled; and
that conflict of opinion was fast becoming a con-
flict in fact. What, did the fathers do when the
best men in the Republic trembled for its perpe-
tuity ? These men, who had drunk in the inspi-
ration of the Revolution, said: "There shall bea
line drawn between us, brothers as we are. North
of that hue slavery shall never be. South of it
slavery does exist. So lotus be at peace." What
was the result? The result was what it would
now bo if we should return to that policy—peace
and joy. The glad tidings swept over the land, and
all was harmony; and hope and confidence was
again restored. So, for thirty years there was a
toleiance of opinion on the slavery question north
and a tolerance of opinion south of that line; and
the people went on in that glorious career which
this Government ought to have before the nations
of the earth, in all time to come. But m an evil
hour, when the political mind of the nation was
inflamed by paitisan Miife for pow.'i^that line
was abolished ;*tluit barrier for freedom was de-
stroyed; and the conflict which had been pro-
moted by its e^Uhli^hmi nl raged anew; and from
then to the piesent hour, the country has blazed
and burned, seethed and bubbled, with political
excitement, until now inin stares us in the face.
Mod that been in the Constitution, it would have
gnen pea<v while tin-Government lasted. Let us
judge of the futme by the past. Let us put the
same provision in the Constitution. That us my
proposition—nothing moie, nothing less.
Mr. Speaker, I want to say a word to my Re-
publican friends. Whether I am in or out of the
party is to me of very little moment. Last year
the old Tribune, of New Yoik, attacked me; and
I roa'd it out of the party tolerably successfully
in Illinois. The little Tubune, of Chicago, lias
attacked me during this session. I will give it
sufferance a little while longer; but if it docs not
then correct its manners and habits,! will lead U
out of the party aUo. [Laughter.] What was
it that made tile Republican party? It was the
breaking down of the Missouri line. We said
that that was a settlement between the North and
the South; and when it was destroyed, the indig-
nation oi the northern people defeated the party
that destroyed it, and gave rise to the party which
is now the dominant party in this country This
trounie lias come upon us, and I ask you to put
back the same principle in a shape so that it shall
not be effaced from our laws. I ask you to adopt
the principle which you said was right in 1856.
Is therein the Republican ranks any Democrat
who left his party in 1836? I believe there are
many of them. Why did they leave it? Because
of the repeal of the Missouri compromise line.
IIow can you answer when this proposition to
put back that line—which can alone give peace to
the country—is made in'this House? will you
say that you would rather that this Government
should be destroyed, than to go back to the days
of peace and prosperity under the Missouri com-
promise line policy ? To the agitator, it is the
knife of the surgeon. When peace shall be re-
stored, when confidence and fraternal relations
shall return to him who has lived upon excite-
ments, who feasts on commotion and strife, I
say,
" Othello's occupation's gone."
What is my proposition? I propose to put in
the fundamental law of the land, that north of
3G° 30' of north latitude slavery shall not exist,
and that south of it neither Congress nor the Ter-
ritorial Legislature shall prevent or prohibit the
emigration of settlers from the southern States
with persons held to service or labor. There is
no equivocation about it. I say, in terms, what
the Missouri compromise said inferentially. It is
a day when men must speak fairly and plainly;
and, sir, I have no other way to speak, than m
bold Saxon, frankly, what I mean.
To my Republican friends I would address my-
self. How does this differ from the Republican
platform? I am charged with abandoning the
principles upon which I was elected. The Repub-
lican party declares that slavery should not btf
extended. No power on earth, we said, shall
compel us to vote for the extension of slavery into
one foot more of the Tciiitones of the United
States. That was the war cry of the party. It
was thundered from every stump; it was told in
in every hall, and repeated in every convention.
How stands the matter? Do I depart from the
platform? To-day, every foot of American ten i-
tory is, by the decision of the courts, slave terri-
tory. Every foot of American territory is as much
slave territory as was the Louisiana purchase in
1820. Nay, more, sir; by an adjudication of the
Supreme Court of the United States, a person may
emigrate with his slaves to any of our tenitory,
and neither Congress nor Territorial Legislature
have the right to prevent it. And, howevei much
you may regret or denounce that decision, the
question has been decided: and it is too late for
us to quibble about it. 1 propose by this amend-
ment of the Constitution to i oot out that decision
| in all of our territory north of 36° 30'. 1 propose,
' sir, to give back to "freedom what has been given
' to slavery. 1 propose to gi\e you what the Dred
! Scott decision fih hed from you. Does this extend
i slavery2 I ask you, gentlemen of the Noi th, how
! much do you gain by tins ? You gam o\ erything
j that was gained by the u-striction of 1821. You
! said that that gave slave territory to freedom,
i This dedicates to freedom tenitory sufficient in
1 which to establish empnes,now subject to sla-
' very by the adjudication of the courts. Nor is the
: South shorn of its rights. Southern men have
expressed a desire to emigiaic with their slaves
to the Tenitoiies. I hc\\c nevtr bekevud thatjou
' weie veiy serious in that proposition. l\mlon
me the imputation. I have always thought, and
: xtsll think, that you never senously txpected to
, emigrate to the Tei ritoi h-s with your slaves. You
j have tried it for tm years. You have had I\ew
! Mexico, lying south of 3g° 30', and being the
| only Territory south of that line, and what have
J you done therein the last ten 3rears ? Whatha\e
i you practically done under this boasted li^ht of
1 emigration to the Tei i Hones ? What have you
i done with that right, which, unless you have so-
i cured, you propose to dissolve this Union 5 In
: ten yeais you have not got over ton negro slaves
; into New Mexico. If you keep itten years longer
| you will*not have as many as you have got now
