1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
tior do tliey vanish in an hour. They do not die as infants
do. i'liey leel by far a greater pang than when a giant dies.
liicy must protect themselves; they must pioteet their
power; they must preserve their limits; they must main-
tain control."
Wow, if I understand this aright, it means co-
ercion; coercion of States which have withdrawn
from the Union back into it; and that by " blows
and bloodshed," we must preserve this " price-
less heritage."
Now, Mr. President, if the right of coercion
was as clear as a sunbeam in the'Constitution, in
our present circumstances it would be worse than
madness to enforce it. But it is not clear and un-
disputed. I grant that on the principle of the
right of Government, like an individual, to pro-
tect itself as a natural and inherent right, it is far
more clear than the right of secession, though
neither is provided for expressly in the Consti-
tution. Yet, sir, the attempt to coerce by force
of arms, and by blows and bloodshed, States to
remain in the t/nion after, by the assertion of the
right of revolution, they had withdrawn from it,
and had established independent governments,
would be not only an act of madness and folly,
but an act which, of necessity, would lead to hor-
rors, in comparison with which, all we read in
the history of war would fade into insignificance.
A civil war between such people as those which
compose the different sections of this country 
probably a servile war at the South, and a re-
newal of the horrors of St. Domingo, which a
protracted strugglewould,Ithink, inevitably pro-
duce—humanity sickens to contemplate; and yet
that would be the result.
No, Mr. President; 110 ! Let us win our erring
sisters back taour embraces by kindness, by jus-
tice, by good feeling, and by good deeds; but to
attempt to force them by arms, and by blows and
bloodshed, is as wicked as it is impossible. If we
cannot preserve them in the Union without force,
in the name of our common ancestors, in the
name of humanity, in the name of liberty, which
would be crushed out in the attempt, in the name
of high Heaven, let thorn go in peacc. Time and
returning reason in the North and in the South
may reunite us in a stronger bond than has ever
vet bound us together. And if this should never
happen, we may still hope by leagues and treaties,
offensive and defensive, to compel the respect of
the world, and insure a degree of prosperity, if
not as great as under our piesentUnion, still such
as is enjoyed by no other nation under Heaven.
Let us, Mr. President, save the Union by yield-
ing our prejudices on both sides. Save it m the
noble language of the great statesman of New
York, "Save first the Union, and then, after that,
save all else that is worth saving.5'
I move that the resolutions be laid upon the
table.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. A few words in reply to
the courteous remarks of my honoiable colleague.
X am sure I had no disposition, 111 submitting the
resolutions which I presented, and in making the
few remaiks which 1 offered to the Senate 011 Fri-
day last, to avail myself of the absence of my
colleague.
Mr. THOMSON. I did not intend to suggest
1 anything of that kind, sir.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I supposed it was my duty,
although I did not agree with them, promptly,
and at the earliest moment, to present those reso-
lutions to the Senate, and to the country, as the
views of that portion of the Legislature of the
State of New Jersey that had indorsed and passed
thcni. _ I regret the illness of my colleague which
prohibited him from being present on that occa-
sion to make his reply upon the spur of the mo-
ment; but I am glad to find that his illness has
not been so serious as to preclude him from mak-
ing a prepared reply to me.
My friend and colleague states that the resolu-
tions did not contain or involve the doctrine of
instruction. Sir, they do not use the word " in-
struct;" but thev use what is tantamount to it.
They t( request;5' they {< earnestly urge." They
do not use the word " instruct," I grant; but cun-
ning phrases were employed to mean that thing;
and they meant it in effect. I did so regard them;
and if i acknowledged the doctrine of instruction,
I should obey those resolutions as promptly as
if they had contained the particular word "in-
stiuct." "VVc were requested; we were earnestly
urged to vote for the propositions contained in the
u'soiutions offered by the Senator from Kentucky.
When the Legislature of my State speaks out, I
do not stop to cavil about mere words or phrases.
I do not allude to the point taken by my col-
league, that these resolutions represent the pres-
ent views of the people of New Jersey. It is his
opinion that they do; it is my opinion that they
do not. I do not refer to, or base myself upon,
the excited, heated feelings of the community,
filled with fears and anxieties for the perpetuity
of this Union—this i( glorious heritage." I re-
peat, I rely upon the calm, sober reflection and
action of the people, in the ordinary mode, as
evinced by themselves at the last election, after
months of canvassing and consideration. By the
votes cast then, only three months since, if there
is any reliance to be placed upon that voice, the
people of New Jersey were expressly and em-
phatically against the leading proposition of the
Senator from Kentucky—I allude to the one in
relation to the Territories in particular. I know,
and I am glad to know, that the people of that
State are in favor of many of the propositions
contained in the resolutions submitted by the
Senator from Kentucky.
My honored colleague says that he thinks the
people of New Jersey are in favor of these reso-
lutions. He says in the Senate they were carried
by a vote of eleven to six. Sir, I know that four
members of the Senate would have voted against
these resolutions, which would have left the vote
standing- eleven to ten; but lhose four were sick;
and although requests and appeals were made by
the friends of those Senators who were absent for
a delay of the vote for a single day, in order that
they might have an opportunity, if well enough,
to appear m the {Senate and cast their votes, they
were rushed through the Senate, in defiance ofthc
appeals of the friends of those gentlemen who
were opposed to the passage of these resolutions.
There were, then, in fact, ten opposed, and eleven
in favor of them; and had it not been for an acci-
dental majority—I repeat the word, an accidental
majority—recently obtained, and most strangely
obtained, m the Senate of that State, by a vote
being changed from the morningto the afternoon
of a day, these resolutions never would have
passed that body. How it was done, by what
cabalistic influence, I cannot say, for I was not on
the spot to understand it; I do not undertake to
say.
Mr. THOMSON. Will my colleague allow
me to ask lntn if he calls Mr. Norcross, whose
vote it is s<ud was changed,a Republican?
Mr. TEN EYCK. tie was elected as a Repub-
lican, on the " Opposition " ticket, by a majority
of fourteen hundred, in the county where 1 live;
and his course has brought pain and sorrow to the
hearts of true and honest men who cast their votes
for him, who, 011 the morning of the meeting of
the Legislature stood one way, and in the after-
noon another. It was by such means as these that
these resolutions were carried through the upper
branch of our Legislature.
And, sir, with respect to the other House—the
Assembly, these resolutions were passed under the
whip and spur of party tactics; but the majority
was nothing like that mentioned by my colleague, j
After urgent efforts and appeals for delay, made
by those gentlemen with w hom i coincide in opin-
ion politically, finding that a suspension of the rules
took place and that these resolutions were to be
driven through in haste, with u railroad " speed,
many of them abandoned the Chamber of our
lower House, and left the friends of the measure
to carry it through in their own way and at their
own pleasure. I would not have referred to these
circumstances, had it not been for the allusions
made by my fnend and colleague to the votes as
they stood in both Houses of our Legislatuie.
One word more, sir, and I shall have done. I
think my colleague misunderstands me when he
says my doctrine is " coercion." I do not think
he desires improperly or erroneously to misrep-
resent me. My doctrine means nothing else but
this: self-defense, which is the sacred right of a
nation, as of an individual; and if the doctrine of
self-defense, of preservation, for a nation and a
Government, leads to blows and bloodshed, they
must come and fall. I would not hasten to the
field of sti ife; 1 would delay; 1 would expostulate;
I would plead; I would earnestly exhort our breth-
ren to take no steps winch might lead to such a
diead result. But, sn, regarding, as I do, the Con-
stitution of the United fJiati'S a:> the supreme law,
that the people of the United States are individ-
ually bound by its authority, it is the duty, and
it ought to be the practice, of the Government to
enforce its laws, and Lo see that they are fully ex-
ecuted against all offenders and against all persons
who would rise up in rebellion against those laws,
unless the opposition assumes so great a head and
frontastoamounttoasuccessful revolution, when
it would be against humanity and against all ideas
that civilization entertains, to undertake a whole*
sale warfare for the extinction of our race. With
these remarks, I leave the subject.
Mr. THOMSON. A single word, and I shall
yield. My colleague spoke of my sickness, and
referred to my ability to prepare a spcech. He
was probably not aware that I was, on Friday
morning, very unexpectedly called to New Jer-
sey, and remained there until Monday night. I
did not see his speech until I came here on Tues-
day morning-.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives on the mat-
ter of the McCormick patent.
Mr. BIGLER. I should be glad to get in some
memorials.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Chair will rcccivc memorials
as being first in order.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have a memorial which
I desire to present. I present the memorial of
J. Blake, and eighty-one others, inhabitants of
Swanton, Vermont, praying for the adoption of
the measure commonly known as the border State
propositions. It is rarely, I think, that I trouble
the Senate; hut I desire now to make some re-
marks, for which I beg indulgence for a few
moments, in relation to this subject. I am not
proposing to make remarks about secession, or
coercion, or slavery, or the merits of any of these
topics at all; but the petition which I have pre-
sented invokes the cxercisc of the power of Con-
gress in relation to amendments to tho Constitu-
tion. It is upon that topic that I wish to spcalc
for a few moments.
Mr. President, I am willing at all times, when
the occasion properly calls for it, to exercise the
powers that we legitimately have by the Consti-
tution; but in my estimation, no exigencies can
ever justify us in resorting to any sort of devices
and expedients which the occasion may call for,
that are not consistent with the fair construction
of the provisions of that instrument. Now, sir,
what is the true meaning, the fair import, of the
powcrswlucharcgivenin the Constitution to Con-
gress in relation to its amendment?
When the Constitution was adopted, and those
who made it were about to put in exercise this
great experiment, having created for the first time
a General Government with all its departments,
and curtailed in large proportion the powers which
the States had previously exercised, to corre-
spond with it, they said: " Now, it may be that
this Constitution docs notinvestsufficient powers
in the General Government for its smooth and suc-
cessful operation. Experience may show that.
What,then,shallbedoneinsuchacontingency? It
will bo a contingencyin which Congress will have
ascertained by experiment precisely what further
power they need. We say, therefore, that when
Congress have thus ascertained that they need
any more delegated power, they shall have au-
thority to propose amendments to the Constitu-
tion, which they shall send to the States or to the
people of the United States (if you please) in then-
States, either in convention 01* in their Legisla-
tures, for their adoption; and if three fourths of
them adopt them, they shall become a portion of
the Constitution."
This was wanted for the use of Congress. No
occasion was required for callingany national con-
vention; but the occasi on would be one wh icli expe-
rience would devclope, and which Congress would
feel the need of, and such was the arrangement to
meet that contingency. But (hey further said
" Perhaps upon experience and npon trial, it will
turn out that we have transferred too much power
from the States to the General Government; it
may work hard for the States: they may need to
have amendments; now, what provision shall we
