1861,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
36tji Gong....2d Sess.
State of the, Union—Mr. Hut chins.
Ho. op Reps.
them not only to remain in the Union, but to
exert their good offices as mediators and peace-
makers between the extremists of both sections;
and by conciliation and kindness, and assurances
to their sister slave States that their rights will be
protectedi?i the Union, endeavor to influence those
States to return to the Union, and rally again un-
der the common flag of our common country. By
this, and other means readily suggested to every
intelligent mind, together with forbearance, and
ci strict maintenance of peace by the present and
the incoming Administrations, 1 believe, sir, that
the cotton States, although they will soon estab-
lish some sort of provisional confederacy, would
return to the Union.
But if a coercive policy is adopted, all is lost.
If this Congress cannot, ancl will, not, settle our
difficulties, and if it shall refuse to ratify and adopt
such measures and propositions as will no doubt
be submitted to its consideration by the peace
conference now assembled in this city-—a body of
men unsurpassed for their wisdom, experience,
groat talents, and known patriotism—then, I trust
the Representatives here will be, at least, willing
to remit the whole question in dispute back to the
people, to whom this Government belongs, and
from whom parties and politicians—who so often
forget that they arc but the agents of the people—-
derive aU their power. Let the Crittenden-Bigler
proposition but be submitted to the voters of (his
Union, and my life upon it, it will be adopted
amid the firing of cannon and wild demonstrations
•of joy in every State of the Union. The heart*
of the people are right, ! It is the hp.ads of the pol-
iticians that arc wrong*! But there must be no
Attempts at coercion. I am for settling our trou-
bles by the ballot, and not by the bullet—for peace,
and not for war.
Waiving the question of whether the General
Government has the constitutional right to coerce
a Slate, would it not be the height of folly and
madness and wickedness, to attempt its exorcise
Why, sir, the first gun fired for such a purpose
would rally every slave State of the Union together
in defensi oftheircommonnghts,a d theiast hope
would fade away of a reunion of all the States.
Every man who is for coercive measures—wheth-
er on this floor or elsewhere—is, though he mjy
not so regard it, to all practical purpose, a dis-
unionist as unmitigated and thorough as William
L. Yancey; because coercion and disunion are con-
verliblc terms; the one necessarily the cause of
the other. If we have to part, while it may be
in sadness and in sorrow, still, in Heaven's name,
ancl for humanity's sake, let it bo in peace; for,
remember that—
Peace hath its victories, no less renowned than war."
And this holds doubly true when such a war is
waged on brethren of the same blood and a com-
mon lineage. But if," flushed with victory, in the
pride of power, and in contempt of reason, human-
ity, religion, you shall determine to wage a cnil
• waragainst yoursouthern brethren, it will be such
s. war as has never before ensanguined the earth.
t the horrid idea, humanity shudders; religion
weeps; liberty bleeds at every pore! Sir, burnt
cities, towns, villages, and hamlets; desolated
fields; poverty, crime, violence, and lawlessness;
sanguinary hearth-stones, widowhood, orphan-,
age, and hecatombs sacrificed to the demon of
carnage, will mark its rayages, and attest its hor-
rors !■ May a merciful God avert it!
Mr. Speaker,in this connection, I call the atten-
tion of the House and of the country to the follow-
ing extract from a leading article on the distrac-
tions of our country, published recently in the
London Times, the great political paper of Eng-
land, and doubtless reflecting the sentiments and
opinions of a large majority of her Majesty's sub-
jects. It reads as follows:
" For our own part, whatever opinions Americans may
have of English policy, we beg to assure them that in this
country there is only one wHi—that the Union may sur-
vive this terrible trial. Should Providence decree it other-
wise, we earnestly piay that the separation ma) be an ami-
cable one. Civil war, m a floim&hing country and among
a kindied people, can never lie contemplated without iior-
10! by a nation like ours; and we trust that neither the vio-
lence of the people nor the weakness of thoir leaders will
bring this calamity on the American Union.5"
So think and reason our trans-Atlantic neigh-
bors.
I repeat it, sir, the only way to bring back our
erring sister States is to give them guarantees that
their rights will be regarded and protected in the
Union. I would afford those States every mail
facility; I would give up the unwise and expens-
ive policy of sending to the southern ports of
entry floating custom-houses to collect the duties
on imports; but would, for the present, suspend
the revenue laws^ as applying to those ports. In
a word, would leave those States without any ex-
cuse or pretext for remaining out of the Union. If
I were a northern Representative, as I am a.south-
em one, I would unite with my northern col-
leagues, and with the Representatives of the bor-
der slave States, in all honorable efforts to bring
back the cotton States. It would be generous and
noble to do so. We might thus unite and bid
them return to the old paternal family mansion;
and then the people of those States would hurl
the politicians from power and take their own
Government into their oVn hands, and come back.
And when they came, wc should bid them, with
a smile of welcome, to enter; and we should re-
ceive them, with open arms, to fraternal bosoms;
point them to the proud flag waving over us; and
exclaim, in kindest accents:
" A union of hearts, a union of hand«,
And the flag of our Union forevci."
I tell gentlemen that it is in this spirit, and by
this means, and this alone, that the Union can be
preserved and perpetuated, in its integrity, to us
and to our posterity.
Bat I am asked, what will North Carolina do
in this terrible crisis ? Sir, she will do her duty;
her whole duty. There is not, in this great Con-
federacy, a State that is more loyal, or attached
by stronger ties, or a more unalterable love to the
Union. She will, in the exercise of her usual
conservatism and moderation, calmly"appeal to
you again and again to do her justice, and restore
to the country pcace and harmony. No precipi-
tation nor rashness will maik her counsels or her
a< tion. She will exhaust all peaceful and consti-
tutional remedh h to settle out troubles. She will
do everything that can be done to save the Con-
stitution and the Union, except to tarnish her
name, or sully her honor. This she will never
do—never! Above all things, she desires the pres-
ervation of this Uniqn, And as one of her loyal
sons, if my poor life would avail anything to save
it, I declare, befoie Heaven, I would willingly sac-
rifice it. If, however, nothing should be done;
if mo guarantees whatevershould be made; if civil
war should ensue, and you should attempt her
subjugation, or that of any of her southern sis-
ters, by arms, she will prove to the world, in that
diead arbitrament of the sword, that she has lost
none of the prestige nor valor of her former days.
In such an event, I shall feel it my duty to take
my place m the rank and file with my country-
men, the brave and loyal sons of North Carolina,
where we will defend as best we may her honor
and her rights, and the sacred hearthstones of her
virtuous people, leaving the justice of our cause
and the consequences to God. I say this in no
vaunting spirit; for 1 should feci myself an un-
worthy descendant (if I may be pardoned the al-
lusion) of those who fought and bled, and still
fought, on thestorm-sweptand fire-girdled heights
of King's Mountain, and other battle-fields of the
Revolution, if, in the hour of my country's peril,
I should be found skulking from danger, instead
of rallyingto hersupport, and mixingm the strife.
But, sir, relying with a firm faith and humble
trust in the providence of God, who raised up
our own Washington as an instrument to achieve
for us the puceless boon of civil and religious
liberty, and who in His mercy and goodness has
showered upon this favored land so many bless-
ings, I believe that He will not permit wicked and
ambitious men to bring the blight of war and ruin
upon our country; but that, by His protecting
hand and wondrous goodness, the Union will be
preserved and perpetuated—
u Till the wave in the bay
YViieie t)ie Mayflower fay,
Shall foam and Ireezc no more."
Mr. Speaker, the Union of these States was
formed more than seventy years ago, by great
and good men, whose highest hopes were that it
might be imperishable; and I trust that seventy
years hence, when this generation shall have
passed away; ay, sir, through countless ages yet
to come, this same Union, (now undergoing a
baptism of fire,) dispensing its blessings to hun-
dreds of millions of free and happy people, and
resplendent in greatness," will still be marching
onward in its brilliant career of progress and pros-
perity, its destiny unfulfilled and Us glories un-
dim'med—
"Till wrapt in fire the realms of ether glow,
And Heaven's last trump shall shake the world below!"
STATE OP THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN HUTCHINS.
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9,1861.
The House having under consideiation the report from the
selcct committee of thirty-three—
Mr. HUTCHINS said:
Mr. Speaker: When Milton was about to re-
cord a revolt against the government of God, he
thought it not unworthy of him to invoke the
guidance of that spirit
 « that doth prefer
Before all temples the upright heart and pure,"'
in the following language:
" What in me is dark
illumine; what is low, raise and support;
That to the height of this great argument
I may assert eternal Providcncc,
And justify the ways of God to men."
And now, when about to speak of a revolt as
wicked and causeless as that of which Milton
wrote, I trust it will not be regarded unworthy
of me to invoke similar guidance.
Mr. Speaker, in the discussion of this question,
I shall not undertake to denounce my political
friends, or others, who may, under the circum-
stances which surround them, see proper to differ
fi om me.
From among the many topics which press upon
my mmd for consideration, growing out of the
agitated state of the country, 1 have selected the
following as worthy of consideration:
1. Have we a Government worth preserving?
2. What are the alleged causes for its over-
throw, and are they sufficient?
3. Tiie remedies proposed.
Mr. Speaker, if the theory advocated by per-
haps a majority of the slaveholding States of tins
Union be true, that a State, for any grievances
that it may regard as sufficient, has a right, under
the Constitution, to secede, then we have no Gov -
ernment worthy of preservation; and we need not
be hatching compromises to save it. Does the
right of secession exist under the Constitution as
a remedy for alleged grievances? Iam aware that
this question was discussed much more ably and
thoroughly than I can pretend to discuss it, long
ago j when the right to secede was first claimed by
South Carolina—as long ago as 1830. The debates
in the Senate between Mr. Webster and Mr.
Hayne, in 1830, and between Mr. Webster and
Mr. Calhoun, in 1832-'3,1 think settled the ques-
tion against the right of secession; and it was
crushed out then in South Carolina by the firm-
ness and patriotism of General Jackson.
The history of this Government has been ably
referred to by gentlemen who have preceded me.
It will be found that the leading idea of the col-
onists who landed on Plymouth rock, and at
Jamestown, and other points of settlement on this
continent, was nationality; and the Declaration
oflndepcndenceandthe Constitution will, I think,
carry out that idea. Now, sir, 1 do not care
whether the Constitution be regarded as n com-
pact or not. Names do not change results. At
all events, it was regarded as ao instrument of
Government, binding upon those who adopted it.
The object of theframersof the Constitution w«?s
to adjust the different claims of State sovereignty
and nationality; and the Constitution may be re-
garded as the sun of our political system, and the
States as planets that revolve around it. the cen-
tripetal force of the Constitution not being f-ufli-
cient to attract to it and absorb the centrifugal
force of State sovereignty as to powers not gr-iaied
to the General Government; and the General and
State Governments were designed to act in har-
monious concert in their rfspective orbits. I think
it will hardly bo charged to the mcmotyof rue
