784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
He was sent from that State to the American
Congress as soon as she was admitted into the
Union, and was a member of Congress at the
termination of the second term of General Wash-
ington, when an address was made to the Presi-
dent, a portion of which I shall read. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is well to go back. It is sometimes well
to open the volume of history, and see what it is
that our ancestors have done. Weems wrot^a
life of Washington. I have often thought it a
great pity that any other was written, fie was
the Father of his Country; he wasa great man; he
was a good man; but there was a powerful party
that differed with him as to the character of this
Government, and the proper mode of administer-
ing it. As to the mere abstract authority of Gov-
ernment, this powerful party differed with him.
John Adams succeeded him, and in carrying out
the policy of Alexander Hamilton, which had
been adopted by Washington, he was crushed.
It is known to every man at all familiar with our
history that the difference which grew up in the
Cabinet between Mr. Jefferson on the one side,
and Alexander Hamilton on the other, caused
Mr. Jefferson to withdraw from the government.
When his second term had expired, the Congress
of the United States presented an address to Gen-
eral Washington. It is very lengthy, and I shall
read but a sentence or two :
"And while we entertain a grateful conviction thatyour
wise, firm, and patriotic administration has been signally
conducive to the success of the present form of govern-
ment, we cannot forbear to express the deep sensations of
regret with which we contemplate your intended retire-
ment from office.
4e As no other suitable occasion may occur, wc cannot
suffer the present to pa<«, without attempting to disclose
some of the emotions which it cannot fail to awaken.,}
" May you long enjoy that liberty which is so dear to you,
and to which your name will ever be so dear! May your
own virtues and a nation'a prayers obtain the happiest sun-
shine for the decline of your days, and the choices* of future
blessings! For our country's sake,for the sake of repub-
lican liberty, it is our earnest wish that your example may
be the guide of your successors; and thus, after being the
ornament and safeguard of the present age, become the
pati unony of our descendants."—Howe Journal, Third and
Fourth Congress, 1793-97, p. 619.
Mark the words, sir: "it is our earnest wish
that your example may be the guide of your suc-
cessors." This was voted for by sixty-seven
members. Twelve voted against it. Against this
address to General Washington, indorsing the
policy and politics of his Administration and trust-
ing his example would be followed by his suc-
cessors, are to be found the names of Nathaniel
Macon, of North Carolina; of William B. Giles,
of Virginia; and of Andrew Jackson, of Tennes-
see. A Republican at that time, he could not vote
an indorsement of the policy and politics of the
administration of the Father of his Country, be-
cause that policy had not been of the Republican
school.
What was the policy of the Republican school ?
The year after that, Mr. Jefferson became its
grout exponent. It is contained in the platform
upon which the Senator from Tennessee professes
to stand. It is contained in the Kentucky and
Virginia resolutions, asserting the sovereignty of
the States, and their right to judge, at all times,
for themselves as to the infractions, and of the
mode and measure of redress. The third Virginia
resolution, which is now a part of the platform of
the Democratic party, adopted in 1852 at Balti-
more,indorsed in 1856 atCincinnati—theplatform
upon which the present incumbent was elected,
the platform upon which the Senator from Ten-
nessee professes to stand—that resolution is in
these words:
"That tins Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily
declare that it views the powers of the Federal Government
as resulting from the compact to which the States are par-
ties, as limited hv the plain sense and intention of the in-
strument constitutingthat compact,as no further valid than
they are authorized by the grants enumerated m that com-
pact ; and that, in case of a deliberate, palpable, and dan-
geiou's exeicKe ol other powers, not granted by the said
compact, the States"—
JNot the people of the United States, nor the
people of America, but the States as sovereign
parties to the compact—
'• who are paities thereto, have the right, and are in duty
bound, to interpose, lor am'stmg the progress of the evil,
and for maintaining within their respective limits the au-
thouties, rights, and liberties appertaining to them."
That was the republicanism of that day. It was
the republicanism of the Republican party. It
was the republicanism of Jefferson, of Jackson,
of Macon, of Giles, and of the great men who
rescued th#"States at that time from destruction
by a misconstruction of the Federal compact.
The first Kentucky resolution is in these words:
" Resolved, That the several States composing the Uni-
ted States of America are not united on the pnnciple of
unlimited submission to their General Government; but
that by compact, under the style and title of a Constitu-
tion for the United States, and of amendments thereto, they
constituted a General Government for special purposes,
delegated to that Government certain definite powers, re-
serving, each State to itself, the residuary mass of right to
their own self-government"—
To their own self-government was the residuary
mass- reserved—a right which is denied by the
Senator from Tennessee; denied by the Republi-
can party; denied by nationalism, from the or-
ganization of the Government to the present time,
under whatever name it may have made its ap-
pearance—
" and that whensoever the General Government assumes
undelegated powers, its acts arc unauthoritative, void, and
of no force; that to this compact each State acceded as a
State, and is an integral party."
That is the doctrine that the Tennessee Sena-
tor has avowed in his pretended support of the
Democratic party:
" That this Government, created by this compact, was not
made the exclusive or final judge of the extent ofthe powers
delegated to itself, since that would have made its discre-
tion, and not the Constitution, the measure of its powers;
but that, as in another cases of compact among parties hav-
ing no common judjje, cach party has an equal right to judge
for itself, as well of infractions as of the mode and measure
of redress."
The Senator, in his celebrated 19th of Decem-
ber, 1860, speech*, to which he has alluded, thought
that he had discovered the true intent and mean-
ing of the Democratic platform. He referred to
the Virginia resolutions, and said that it said
"States," and that meant all the States; and,
therefore, when all the States declared that the
compact was violated, of course that declaration
would be final and binding against the Federal
Government. But, without stopping to criticise
a comment of that sort, I ask him if he finds
" States " here? This is also a part of the plat-
form that he professes to stand upon:
" But that, as m all other cases of compact among par-
tics having no common judge, each paity has an equal
right to judge for itself, a5! well of infractions as of the mode
and meahure of redress."
The word "nullification " seems to have ex-
cited his ire. He does not draw the distinction
between nullification and secession. Those who
have read the Constitution, and understand it,
know that there is a difference between the two
remedies: nullification applying to the act of the
agent, the Federal Government; and secession to
the parties, the States, by separating from them
when cither they or their agent have violated the
compact. But I shall not go into any discussion
of the question. I merely wanted to draw the
attention of the Senator, if he will listen, to the
origin of this word nullification. In the Ken-
tucky resolutions of 1799, which were adopted
by the Legislature of Kentucky for the purpose
of explaining and making explicit their meaning
in the resolutions of 1798, 1 find the following
paragraph:
'•That the principle and construction contended for by
suruhy of the State Legislatures,"—
The same principle contended for by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee—
" that the General Government is the exclusive judge of
the extent of the powers delegated to it, stops nothing short
of despotism, since the discretion of those who administer
the Government, and not the Constitution, would be the
measure of their powers; lhat the several States who
formed that instrument, being sovereigu and independent,
have the unquestionable right to judge of the infraction ;
and that a nullification by those sovereignties of all un-
thori/.ed acts done under color of that instrument is the
rightful remedy.17
That was the doctrine in Kentucky in 1799,
going a stone's throw beyond the right of seces-
sion, and asserting that a State may remain in the
Union, and in the Union may deny the right to
the Federal Government of enforcing any law
which she in her sovereign capacity has declared
unconstitutional and unwarranted by the com-
pact. Now, sir, as to the author of the doctrine
of nullification and secession, designated as syn-
onymous terms by the Senator from Tennessee,
and also designated as the prolific mother of all
heresies and sins. The Senator from Tennessee
read with much approbation yesterday from an
editorial of the Richmond Enquirer, as containing
the true doctrine. It is the first time in my life
that I have ever known any one on the floor of
the Senate or elsewhere to take the editorial of a
newspaper published nearly half a century ago,
and bring jt as a test of political orthodoxy or as
a proper exposition of the doctrines of the party
to which he belongs or professes to belong, or as
any authority in settling disputed constitutional
points; and yet the Senator rose here with an air
of triumph, and, somebody or other having fur-
nished him with an old copy of the Richmond
Enquirer, he read it as orthodox. Would to God
that he had the former numbers of that paper and
would peruse them. The denunciations of the
Hartford convention were one thing; strong lan-
guage, written under a moment of excitement, in
reference to the treasonable purposes of those men,
was one thing; their deliberate enunciation of thc%
constitutional doctrine is quite another. During
the war with Great Britain—a war brought on in
defense of New England commerce and New Eng-
land seamen, denying the right of search and pro-
tecting that section from the aggressions of the
British Government—they treacherously and per-
fidiously assembled at Hartford, and, it is said,
proposed, or were prepared to propose, terms of
alliance with the British Government, while we
were at war with them. While 1 do not deny the
right of any State at any time to secede from the
Union, to revoke the ratification of the treaty
which binds her to the other States; while I say
it is a clear legal right under the law of nations,
resulting from the compact, a clear constitutional
right resulting from the character of the ratifica-
tions of at least three of the States of this Union;
while I do not deny that any State may, at any
time and under any circumstances, with or with-
out cause, withdraw from the Union, I do say
that if, when this Government is engaged in war,
any one ofthe States withdraws from the Union,
and affiliates and enters into an alliance with a
nation with which we are at war, she must share
the destiny of her allies. And so the Senator from
Tennessee will find as to himself. When a war
of sections is going on,and when we are striking
for the right, when he secedes from the people
whom he misrepresents, and enters into on alli-
ance with Black Republicanism, lie will find that
it is a casus belli at home.
But, sir, while it would be a cause of war, it
would bo nothing else. You might coerce the
Government; you might declare war against the
State; you might plow her land with artillery,
and trample it with cavalry; you might put the
torch to the house of every private individual;
you might sack their cities; you might destroy
their property; you might blot the inhabitants
from the soil of the State; but you would have to
call it war, for war it would be. You could not
tyrannically and hypocritically talk of enforcing
the laws. "When the sovereign power of a State
that ratifies the Constitution, solemnly, in the
same manner in which the ratification was made,
revokes that ratification, as its citizens were bound
by its act of ratification, and became subject to
the Constitution and treaties and the laws made
in accordance with the Constitution, whether they
assented to it or not, so when that ratification is
revoked, the treaty ceases to be binding between
that State and the other States, and the citizens
arc released from all obligation to obey the laws;
that State is a foreign nation. That is the whole
law upon the subject. It is the common sense
upon the subject. You must take one horn or
the other of the dilemma. Talk of not coercing
a State, but of enforcing the laws ! Take South
Carolina, for instance. There they have a gov-
ernment. There is no other government de facto in
that State. There is no other authority there that
deals with life, or liberty, or property. There is
no other power within the limit of that State that
passes a law that is regarded by anybody, or
which anybody dares to observe or obey.
We are told by the Senator from Tennessee that
he is only in favor of enforcing the laws, but is
not for coercing the State I say that that propo-
sition is not only absurd, but it is cruel. If the
people of South Carolina have not the right of
self-government; if they have not the right to es-
tablish such a government as they see fit to live
under; if such a government is established there
illegally and wrongfully and unconstitutionally,
and this Government intends to enforce its laws
in derogation of their rights, and in contempt of
