202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
36th Cong-....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Ilutchins.
Ho. op Reps.
connected with it, that it could not control; and
now it seeks to destroy the Government,if it will
' not yield to its inexorable demands.
The resolution of the commutec of thirty-three
is in these words:
Be it wsolvctl in, the Senate and House of llepi csentatives
of the United Slates of -America in Congress assembled y (two
third* of both Houses conctnring,) That tbe following arti-
cle be propo-ed to the Legislatures of the several States as
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
, which, when ratified by three lotmhs of said .Legislatures,
shall be valid* to all intents and purposes, as part of the
said Constitution i
Art. I'i. No amendment of this Constitution having for
its object any interlVrenre within the States with the rela-
tion between their citizens and tho-e de^citbed in section
second of Hit tnci article of the Constitution Ub 'alt other
person.",' slirtil originate with any State that doe* not recog-
nize that lelatiotMVithin its own limits, or shall be valid
Without thea-ssentof every oneot the States composing the
Union.
1 affirm that 1 never heard a Republican any-
where claim the right to interfere, by an act
of Congress, with the institution of slavery as
it exists in the several States of this Union. I
object to tins amendment, as being against the
spirit of the age. If a simple proposition had been
reported by the committee, tnat Congress should
not interfere with the question of slavery in the
States, I do not know but it would have com-
manded my assent, for 1 understand that to be the
Constitution now. But here is a proposition which
undmakes to prevent an amendment of the Con-
stitution upon a certain subject, without the con-
sent of all the Spates. In other words, it makes
amendment upon that subject impossible. Why
should the people of this country on one subjoct
be prevented from amending the Constitution,
when they are at liberty to amend it on all other
subjects.
Tliu next proposition is the admission of New
Mexico into the Union as a State. While L am
not disposed to regard the admission of New
Mexico under certain circumstances as anything
wrong, yet 1 assert that at the present time there
is no necessity for its admission, it is said that i
Territory is secured to slavery by vhtue of the
compromise measures of 1850, and the Drod Scott
decision. If so, ought not tlie South to be content
with that? Whenever New Mexico applies for
admission into this Union with a proper consti-
tution, I will take her case into consideration.
There is one other portion of the report of the
committee which, 1 think, is more objectionable
than any other. I am sorry that I have not the
time to argue it at length. It i-s a proposition to
take by law from the executive officers of the
several States of this Union, who are elected by and
are responsible to the people, the duty of surren-
dering fugitives from justice, and to lodge it in the
judges of the district courts of the United States,
appointed by the President of the United States
for life, and wiio are not responsible to the peo-
ple.
I object to it as a.monstrous proposition, and
full of danger to ihc liberties of the people. Be-
fore I would vote for it, I must have coupled with
H a proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, making the judges of the circuit
courts of the United States elective by a vote of
the people in the districts where they serve, and
to hold their offices, not for life, but for a term of j
years.
I will next refer to what is called the Critten-
den proposition. There have been piesentcd to
us many petitions for the adoption of them- prop-
positions as an amendment to the Constitution,
and i have no doubt that many signatures have i
been obtained on the supposition that these prop- j
ositions are identical with the Missouri compro- '
raise, which was repealed in 38o4. They are, in
form and substance, materially different. The
Missoun com promise simply prohibited slavery in
all the Louisiana Territory, not included in the
State of Missouri, north of 36° 30', and left its
existence south of that hue an open question.
The Crittenden propositions provide:
1. Thatin all the Territory of theUnited States,
now held or hereafter acquired, south of latitude
36° 30', slavery of the African race is hereby rec-
ognized as existing, and shall not be interfered with
by Congress; but shall be protected as property, by
ail the department^ of the territorial government,
dtnmg us continuance.
2. " That Congress shall have no power to
abolish slavery in places under its exclusive ju-
risdiction, and situated within the limits of States
that permit the holding of slaves."
3. That Congress shall have no power to abol-
ish slavery in the District of Columbia, so long
as it exists in the States of Maryland and Vir-
ginia, nor without the consent of the inhabitants,
nor without just compensation.
4. That Congress shall not interfere with the
transportation of slaves from one State to another,
or to a Territory, in which slaves are permitted
to be held, whether that transportation be by sea,
by land, or by navigable rivers.
5. That the United States shall pay the owner,
who shall apply for it, the full value of his fugi-
tive slave, in all cases when the marshal or other
officer, whose duty it was to arrestafugitive, was
prevented from arresting by violence or intimida-
tion, or when, after arrest, the fugitive was res-
cued by force. And that theUnited States shall
have power to reimburse themselves by imposing
and collecting a tax on the county or city in which
the violence, intimidation, or rescue was commit-
ted, equal m amount to the sum paid, with in-
terest and the costs of collection. And the county
or city may sue the persons who prevented the
arrest or committed the rescue, and recover the
amount paid.
6. That no future amendment shall affect the
five preceding propositions, nor the third para-
graph of the second section of the first article of
the Constitution; nor the third paragraph of the
second section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution; and no amendment shall be made to the
Constitution which shall give power to Congress
to abolish slavery m the States.
7. That the elective franchise and the right to
hold office, whether Federal, State, territorial, or
municipal, shall not be exercised by persons who
are, in whole or in part, of the African race.
8. That the United States shall have power to
acquire, from time to time, districts of country m
Africa or South America, for the colonization, at
the.expense of the Federal Tieasury,of such free
negroes and mulattoes as the several States may
wish to have removed from their limits, and from
the District ol Columbia.
I cannot examine these atrocious propositions
in detail. A mote caiefully guarded plan for the
perpetuation of slavery in this country could not
well be devised. Every imaginable security is
here provided for. It gives a constitutional rec-
ognition of slavery in all territory now owned
and hereafter to be acquired south of latitude oU°
30'. It proposes an irrepealable constitutional
slave code for the Territories south of 36° 3'if;
and the recent Democratic convention in Ohio
adopted it, and other Democratic conventions in
free States have proposed to adopt the Ciittcnden
plan of compromise.
Why did the Democrats object to a legislative
slave code, at Charleston and Baltimore, if they
are so ready now to adopt a constitutional one ?
They feared to go before, the people on that issue.
This is the plan of compromise which Republi-
cans, day after day, are eloquently appealed to
to adopt; and they are charged with criminal par-
tisan obstinacy, because they will not adopt this
plan to placate the slave power, now intent on
destroying the Government. Mi. Speaker, I
believe the people of the free States, when they
fairly understand these propositions, will spurn
them as an insult. Now, sir, what are the cir-
cumstances under which these amendments to the
Constitution and other propositions of compro-
mise are proposed ? Abraham Lincoln and Han-
nibal Hamlm have been lawfully elected President
and Vice President, upon a platform opposed to
many if not all of these propositions of compro-
mise. Other parties went into the canvass with
their candidates and platforms, and the verdict of
the people was invoked m relation to them. The
verdict has been rendered fairly, without fraud,
and without connivance, in favor of the principle
that our Territories are forever to remain free.
What is the proposition? Before that verdict is
rendered into a judgment, a proposition comes
up for a new trial to set it aside.
We find Republican lawyers standing here to
advocate the lights of their clients, willing to set
aside that verdict before it lj rendered into judg-
ment. Whymust ;tbedone? Because it is said,
if that veidict is rendered into judgment, then a cer-
tain number of the slaveholdmg States will break
up this Government. Does not every one sec, if
we grant them what they desire, it will sap the
very foundation of the Government? It will in-
vite similar rebellion in relation to any interest
that may feel disturbed by the result of an elec-
tion. There are other interests in this country,
besides those of slavery, which may feel aggrieved
at the icsult of an election; and if wo encourage
the idea that the verdict of the people may be set
aside, we cannot fix where it shall terminate. We
arc entitled to our judgment, and we intend to have
it, by the help of Almighty God, and the strong
arms of the people of all sections.
We are appealed to, sir, as partisans. It is
said that we are indifferent to the actual condition
of the country. My colleague from Ohio [Mr,
Cox] made a very able argument against the right
of a State to secede; but, like other northern Dem-
ocrats, he is opposed to secession, but objects to
coercion in order to prevent it. They are like
the man who, when asked whether he approved
the Maine liquor law, said that he did, but he was
very much opposed to itsexecution. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to mc?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I' cannot just now.
Mr. COX. The gentleman misrepresents me.
Mr. HUTCHINS. The Democratic party,
Mr. Speaker, arc attempting to make capital out
of this controversy. I have no doubt my col-
league from the Columbus district [Mr. Cox] is
in favor of this Union, provided he can preserve
itand destroy the Republican party. lam not quite
sure he is heartily in favor of it, if the Repub-
lican party is to remain in power. Why do I judge
him thus? I find him upon every occasion active
and instant, in season and out of season, in hunt-
ing facts and furnishing southern men with ma-
terial to prejudice the already excited public mind
of the South. He appears to have implicit faith
in compromises. lie said,in his speech the other
day, that " sacrifice and compromise are words
of honoi able import; the one gave us Calvary, the
other the Constitution." The gentleman's rhet-
oric is well; but in its pmctical application to the
subject m controversy it is meaningless. Patriot-
ism and statesmanship gave us tin: Constitution,
slightly marred by compromise; but let it stand
The woid compromise has been too much dese-
crated, of late, m our political history, to hetalis-
mamc now to save the Union.
lam not surprised that the gentleman should
use the word sacrifice as connected with compro-
mise, after his announcement that lie was willing
to vote for the Crittenden proposition, because it
involved a saci ijice of his political professions.
Before the election he was for popular sover-
eignty, and objected to even a legislative slave
code for the Territories; but now he declares his
readiness to vote for a constitutional slave code.
It is not, theiefore, strange that he should regard
sacrifice as a better word to use, in connection with
these propositions, than compromise; and I think,
Mr. Speaker, that "sacrifice " accurately defines
most of these propositions which go under the
nomenclature of compromise; and the rjuestion
really is, shall the people of the free States sacri-
fice pwnciples which, in their judgment, are essen-
tial to the welfare of the Republic, to placate those
who are plotting its overthrow? Others may, but
I will \*ever knowingly do it.
Mr. Speaker, the Crittenden plan—which is
misnamed compromise—would no more be a final
settlement of the slavery question, than the differ-
ent compromises heretofore adopted have been.
What slaveholders demand, is supremacy in the
Government; nothing short of this will satisfy
them." What most alarms them, at this time, is
the growing power of the free States, as shown
by the recent census. If my colleague from the
Columbus district wishes at once to reach the
root of the difficulty, he must sacrifice still further
his political principles; and, as he appears to be
in a sacrificing mood, I would suggest what, for
a time at least, would restore peace to the coun-
try and coax the cotton States to lay down the
weapons of their rebellion. The power of the
free States, he will remember, is the chief diffi-
culty. Let him, then, destroy their free-schooi
system; put down free spcech; silence the press
and pulpit; put a censorship upon their literature
