1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
the Constitution, their understanding will control
all of those provisions in which the meaning is
latent or doubtful. Here,then,in Virginia, in her
convention, when she was aboutto ratify the Con-
stitution, we find in the debates that Mr. Madison
not only denied that there was any such people
as the people of the United States, but he asserted
unqualifiedly that there was a right of secession;
not only a right of secession, but that that right,
being- inherent in the people, removed a question
of anxiety, and was an additional reason why it
should be ratified.
The Senator went into a learned discussion yes-
terday as to the ratification of Virginia, and com-
mented upon the terms. I shall be very brief in
noticing that. What was her ratification ?
i: We, the delegates Me people of Virginia, duly elect-
ed," &e.. u do, iti the name and lu behalf of the people of
Yiigimn, declare mid make known thai the powers gi anted
uudei the Constitution, being deiived Jiom the people of
the United Stales, may be resumed by them whensoever
the Mme shall be perverted to their.injury or oppression.'1
Now, sir, let us look at the language; let us
look at the circumstances. Who were speaking5
The people of Virginia. Who were alluded to?
The people of Virginia and the people of the other
States. Why did they use the term " United
States?" Because the powers herein delegated be-
ing derived from the people of the States united by
this instrument, it was proper that the fact should
be made patent. The powers of the Government
wore not derived from the people of Virginia alone.
The powers were derived from the people of the
different States, the States united. They were
derived from all the States thatcame into the com-
pact. Hence the propriety of that language; and
being derived fiom the people of the different
united States, or States united, then they go on
and declare that they may be resumed "by them."
By whom ? By those from whom they were de-
rived. Who were they denved from ? From the
people of America ? There was no such people.
But from the people of the different States, par-
ties to the compact. Why was the word "re-
sume "used ? Whatis the meaning of" resume?"
Every man who speaks English knows tiie mean-
ing of the word "resume." it means " to take back
that which has already been given by you." Had
they meant that, in the event of this Constitution
being perverted to the injury and oppression of
the people of the United States, as a single polit-
ical community its powers should pass to them,
they wouM have said that m this event, its powers
being deiived from the people of the different
States, may, when they are perverted, he assumed
by the people of the whole United States as one
political community.which would itselfhavemadc
it a national Government, have obliterated State
lines, and fused the whole into one single political
mass.
I have given the clear, legal, and only sensible
construction of the word. " The sun, gazed at
too long, resumes the light he gave." " Reason
resumed her throne, and passion fled." "Re-
sume" means to take back that which you gave.
If the scholais, the men of education, the states-
men who were in that convention m Virginia,
had intended that when this Government became
intolerable, the powers should bo assumed by and
pass to the people of the United States as a polit-
ical community, they would have used woids to
convey the idea, and they would have declared :
these powers, being derived from the people of the
dilierent States for the good of the whole, when
they shall be perverted to the injury and oppres-
sion of the whole they may be assumed by the
people of the United States as one single political
community. Yet a quibble was made upon the
words "United States," inserted in this ratifica-
tion, by the Senator from Tennessee, who ignored
the facts, ignored the history, ignored everything
except the one single intent which he had, and
that was to persuade those to wiiom he may send
his speech that this is a national Government, and
that the people of the sovereign States have lost
the right ol self-government. But, if there was
any doubt about this ratification of Virginia, what
will the Senator say about New York? She de-
clared, m her ratification :
'•That all power i< originally vested in, and consequently
deiived from,the people, and thatGovemmcntis instituted
bv iliem lor then common interest, protection, and becu-
r.tv.
Thai the enjoyment of lite, liberty, and the pursuit of
hnppine> , are e^entiai rights, which every Government
0U| ni to respict and preserve,
" That the powers of Government may be reassumed by
tiie people whensoever it shall become necessary to their
happiness."
No people of the United States there, but the
people of New York in convention, speaking for
themselves, declaied that all powers being derived
from the people, may be reassumed by them when-
ever it becomes necessary for their happiness.
Then, sir, in addition to the great right which was
secured by the seven years' war, the right of self-
government, set forth so explicitly in the Declara-
tion of Independence, we have Virginia, we have
New York, we have Rhode Island, which ratified
in precisely the same terms as New York, declar-
ing, when they became parties to this compact,
that they had the right to resume or reassumcthe
powers derived from them, whenever they should
be perverted to their injury or oppression, or
whenever that course should be necessary to their
happiness. I differ from the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] in declaring, as he did the
other day, that secession was not a constitutional
right, but a right derivable from the very nature
of the compact itself. I say that it is derivable
from the nature of the compact; but it is also de-
rivable from the Constitution; because, when par-
ties come to sign an agreement, if any one of them
specifies any additional stipulation, and is per-
mitted to sign with that stipulation, it is as much
a part of the compact as if it were written in the
body of it; and it inures, not only to his benefit,
but to the benefit of cvu y individual who had
either previously signed, or who subsequently
signed it.
The Senator from Tennessee yesterday said,
that, admitting all this to be so, South Carolina
—against which State he seems to have special
spite—cannot claim it, because she ratified the
Constitution before Virginia, New York, and
Rhode Island did. Had he been a lawyer, he
would have known that the Constitution stood
subject to amendment, by ratification, until the
last party signed it; that whenever one party—
the thirty-fourth State that came iu the other day
—came to ratify that Constitution, she was ad-
mitted with any addititional qualification, and it
would be a part of the compact, and inure not to
her benefit alone, but to the benefit of all the con-
tracting parties. So much, then, for his consti-
tutional argument, as he has called it.
There is one matter which I explained so fully
on a former occasion that 1 shall not take up the.
time of the Senate by going into any detailed an-
swer. It is the stale slander that was circulated
by the Opposition party all over the South, during
the last canvass, that has been revamped and pro-
duced heiu by the Senator from Tennessee, that
the Democratic party, the Senators here, voted
against the doctrine that was contained m our
platform, and that was, that slaves weie property,
and entitled to protection by the Federal Govern-
ment. In the speech which the Senator from
Tennessee made on the 19th of December, I860,
I interrupted him to correct it, and he refused to
allow the correction; and I stated to him then,
that I supposed he wished the perversion without
the correction togo into his speech, and he should
be entitled to the benefit. His speech was pub-
lished without the correction. Some days sub-
sequently, the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] made the same charge. I disputed it flatly,
lie promised to make good his assertion the next
day. I took my stand here at this very desk; I
read from the record, and I proved conclusively
the negative, that I never had voted, and no Sen-
ator who belongs to the same party with myself
had ever voted, against that doctiine; but, on the
contrary, that wc had voted for the doctiine m
voting for the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] His fourth and filth
resolutions are:
"4. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Tentorial
Legislature, whether by dncct legislation or legislation of an
induect and unfriendly character, po^e*s power to annul
or impair the constitutional rn>ht of any citizen of the Uni-
ted States; to take his slave property into the common 'iW-
ritoues, and there hold and enjoy the t>aine, while the
tenitoual condition remains.
" Rcsohcd, That if e\perienee phould at any time prove
that the judicial and executive authority do not possess
means to insure adequate protection to constitutional rights
in aTemtory, and it the lenitonal government should t";ui
oi refuse to pi ovule the nee^^aiy lemedies toi that purpose,
it will be the duty of Congie'-s to supply .such deficiency.51
Could anything be more explicit than the asser- I
tion ©f the right to the protection of property ,
everywhere wherever the Federal flag floats or the
Federal Government has jurisdiction ? Yet that
resolution was voted for by me; was voted for by
the Senator from Oregon; was voted for by every
Senator on this side; it was even voted for by the
Senator from Tennessee. He rises here now, and
charges us with having voted against the doctrine
of protection to property. He says that he sup-
ported our candidates for the Presidency and Vice
Presidency; that he ignored all charges of disu-
nionism. What was the doctrine on which these
candidates ran ? The second plank in the platform
is in these words:
" That it is the duty of the Federal Government, tn all
its depaiunents, to piotect, when necessary, the rights of
persons and property in the Territoues, and wherever else
its con?ututitfnal authority extends."
Both upon the land and upon the sea, it is the
duty of the Federal Government to protect prop-
erty of every specics, slaves as well as other prop-
erty. The Republican party denied this right;
they said that slaves were not property, and
wherever the Federal Government had jurisdic-
tion they had the right, and they would exercise
the right, to confiscate that species of property,
because man cannot own property in man. We
asserted thecon\erse of the proposition; we went
into the fight with our constitutional principles
brightly blazoned upon our banner. We suffered
a defeat, but it was m a glorious cause. We were
charged then,by the Opposition, with having done
precisely what the Senator from Tennessee now
charges, that in our vote upon the Brown resolu-
tions we voted against these principles. I showed
from the record that the resolution which was in-
troduced by Mr. Brown, was offered as a sub-
stitute for the resolutions which I have read, in-
troduced by Mr. Davis. The vote was between
the two resolutions. I preferred that introduced
by Mr. Davis, and therefore voted for that. That
prevailed over the other; and there never was a
vote taken on the Brown resolution itself, and
nobody ever voted against it.
As to the resolution introduced by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] with tho
amendment by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Buown,] the one asserting that the necessity then
existed, the other that it did notexist,to legislate
as to the protection of slave property in the Ter-
ritories, I said, and every other Senator almost
on the floor who voted wit'h me said, it was a
question of fact and not of principle. I voted
then—so did the Senator from Oregon; so did the
Senators from Virginia; so did my colleague-
first against the resolution declaring that the ne-
cessity existed, and then against the resolution,
as amended, declaring that it did not exist. As
to that fact, we voted against the resolution both
ways, giving, as our reason, that we did not in-
tend to be diverted from our line of purpose. We
intended to incorporate a (I had almost said great,
but I will not) principle; (I have an aversion to
''great principle" ever since the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill became the subjectofdiscussion.") The
principle on which we were voting was, tnat it
was the duty of the Federal Government to pro-
tect property of every kind wherever it had juris-
diction. We voted for that; yet the Senator from
Tennessee rises here, and as I said, revamps that
stale slander; refuses to allow himself to be inter-
runted; refuses to allow the record to be spread
before the country in his speech; and publisher
the slander and sends it over the country. Still
lie reminds us of the fact that he is not"a politi-
cian; and he thinks this is fair dealing!
Having gone through with that, he complains
bitterly of the manner in which he has been left
in the lurch. He sayy that he defended the Dem-
ocratic party from the charge that they were at-
tempting to dissolve the Union. He says that
the action of that party at Charleston, and at Bal-
timore, or of the wing of it with which he coop-
erated, was attributed, by its enemies, to an in-
tention to dissolve the Union; and that he denied
the charge. But from the manner in which he
slates the defense which he then made, it is obvious
that he now makes the charge that our purpose
was to dissolve the Union. Sir, there never has
been a more cold-blooded slander uttered than
was uttered by the opponents of the Democratic
party supporting Breckinridge and Lane during
the last canvas*, no more cold-blooded and delib-
erate slander has ever been reiterated than that
vre had any desire under heaven to dissolve this
