204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
SGtii Cong. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
joi-ay of the northern people would ever so far di<rogaul the
counsels and warnings of Washington as to clect the can-
didate of such a oaity to ihe Prc idcncy. The election of
Mr. Lincoln, by a sectional party, organized and sustained
upon the distinctive principle of opposition to slavery, as
it exists ui the southern States, and avowing the policy or
its repiession and final extinction, (by ptohibltin« us ex-
tension into the Territoues,) was a bold experiment upon
the temper and foibeatance of the South, and upon the
strength of their loyalty'to the Union, Tins experiment,
if not conceived in a spun of disunion, was made withu
reckless disregard of consequences. No greater strain upon
' the ligaments'which bind the two stoat sections of tlio
country together couid be devised, than the attempt to es-
tablish or inaugurate a permanent Government policy upon
suck principles. The late Hanison Gray Otis, ol Boston,
one of the most distinguished and able of the New Eng-
land statesmen, when called upon, in 183.3, to g ve the
weight of his name and influence m checking the lurther
progress ot a lubid abolition spirit, then beginning to d.tfuse
itself ovci Massachusetts and other States ot the East and
•North, in a speech delivered in Faneuil Hall, dul not hesi-
tate to express the opinion that the plan*? ami designs of
tiie abolition societies, or, as they wcie then called, anti-
slavery associations, contemplated Mich an unci fWence
with the domestic policy and institutions of the ^outh a>
would be a violation both of the *pmt<md letter of the Con-
stitution, and were in lact rovolutionaty 111 their character
and tendency."
And Again:
<v I am not able to discriminate between the charnctci,
epint, ami tendency of the anti-slavery principle and the
slavery-repression policy of the Republican paity, consid-
ered m connection with the torrent ol'innanimatoiy publi-
cation^ and invectives agauwt the domcnic institutions and
social relations of the South, which is daily poured forth by
Republican journals and oiators. and the diameter, rend
euey, anil deMgn&of the abolition societies, and tin meen-
diaiy publications winch nud then way to lie1 public undet
th'Mi au.-pices. The only e^ential dilleicnce 1 can perceive
between the spuit and the tenilene> of the doeumes and
avowed policy of the Republican paity, and those of the
doctrine*and avowed policy ot the abolition societies, is m
the extent and dogiee of the im?chu;fs which may be in-
flicted upon tiie South, by one or the othu, and the delib-
erate intention to inflict them bj the abolition societies,
which it would be unfair and unjust to impute to the whole
body of the Uepublican party. inn both are olmo\ioiH to
the charge of pursuing a policy which is in violation ot the
spirit, if not of the letter, of the Constitution, and ie\oiu-
ttonaiy in lis tendency. The policy of both tends stiong'j
to stu up tnietnai strife tu the southern State.-, to e\cm: j
dissensions and insurrections among the slaves, to piodnce |
aiannandasenMJof insccmity,'both as to life and piopeit>, i
among the white population of eveiv southern State, ami :
finally, to influence the whole South to revolt against the
(•ovoriimeiit The degree and extent of ilie mwhief which
the lUpubiican party ma} be able to inflict bv it- atiti -la-
vei V poliev. toi leastiie- w Inch 1 nerd not -t.ite, H willli-
readily acknowledged will be tenioM grearei than any
which the abolition society have it in then powci lo in-
flict.
"That 1 do not unjustly charge th-: Republican p.u i\ with
having adopted a poltev'whic h. in its ehaiaeter. tendeuc\,
and piactical operation, e- in conflict w itlfc the ^-pnit, if not
the letter, ol the Constitution, can be made mamie-a in a
very IdW words. One o( the most impoit.int objects to be
accomplished by tiie adoption ol the Constitution, as de-
clared in the pteamble, wa< to "insure domestic tranqu'l-
IHy;and the power vvn> expicssly giveu to the Fedei.il
Government, b> that instrument, to "Mippnss m-miec
tlous." The simple announcement to the public thai a
great pan j at the. Nouh,opposed to *lavei\, lias succeeded
In electing its candidate for the Pu>sid.«i,ey, di-gui^e it
we may. i* well calculated to raise expectations anion" the
slaves, and might lead to seivile irisunection m tiie south
eru States. It such an event, which i* moie than po.-sibie,
should leally happen, it niii\ht become the dutyol .Mi. bin
coin to icstoie the tiaiiqutlUty which the policy ol ins pany
had distaibed, and to suppress an msunecuon which the
same policy bud excited."
I reproduce those opinions fVom eminent men
of unquestioned fidelity to the Constitution and
Union,not with the pmpose ofencouraging hasty
and precipitate action for the dissolution of the
Government, but to show the grounds of those
apprehensions, almost universally felt m the
South, for the safety of their institutions, under
an Administration controlled by the influences
and principles which have biought this into
power.
With such testimony to the dangerous charac-
ter of the political paitv now advancing to the
possession of the executive d^pat trnent of the Gov-
ernment, and, by the withdiawal of the Senators
and Representatives from so many States, to the
control of the Congress of the United States, with
what propriety are we called upon to point out
the special acts of provocation for the deep and
pervading excitement which has driven some and
may force other Stales to seek escape fiom im-
pending danger in the fearful experiment of an-
other.Declaration of Independence' Those who
confine their attention to particular infractions of
the Constitution, whothei consisting* m positive
wrong or disregarded duty, and as such, seek to pal-
liate or defend them, very imperfectly comprehend
the nature and extent of the grievances under
which tho people of the South labor. While it
is true we charge lepeated violations of the Con-
stitution, committed not only by individuals and
unrecognized bodies of men, but by State legisla-
tion, the extent of the injury is not to be meas-
ured merely by the amount of practical inconve-
nience winch they occasion, but by the value of
the constitutional safeguards for State and indi-
vidual rights which they subvert.
The cause of existing disturbances lies far
deeper than this. The southern people see the
fruit of thirty years of anti-slavery agitation.
They realize m the present condition of things,
the obvious results of an excitement increasing
through many years, which has rent asunder com-
munions and associations, and, now become an
element of political strength, has culminated in
a sectional triumph. They see m the enactment
of personal liberty laws, and other kindred meas-
ures calculated and intended to obstruct the exe-
cution of a law to carry into effect a plain man-
date of the Constitution for the rendition to the
owner of fugitive slaves, the manifestation of a
spirit reckless of it.; obligations and rebellious to j
its authority. They discown* m icneated instances
of refusal upon the part of fcjtate executives, upon
slight and frivolous giounds, to surrender persons
charged with high crimes, when the offense with
which they were charged was in some way con-
nected with the subject of slavery, indications of
a disposition tu disregard or evade another im-
portant constitutional duty imposed m explicit
terms upon every State in the CJmon. And now,
in the assertion and defense of a dogma which
repudiates property m slaves, and denies to the
citizens of nearly half the United States the equal
right of removal with then* labor to the common
territory, to possess and cultivate it, they find
proofs of a purpose to deprive them and their
propel ty of the care and protection of a common
Government.
These and similar acts of aggression upon the
admitted l igbta of the slavoholding States exhibit
the controlling sentiment of a party organization
now become predominant?^ the North, which, in
carrying out its ami-,shivery policy, has not hesi-
tated to bi enk through tin - bameis of constitutional
obligation, and mspiies amon  their people jeal-
ousy and distrust at its appioachtng advent to
phe'e and power. That radical di!l'e:cnces of opin-
ion should exist among tho several States in ief-
orenee to A f) lean slavery is not at all surpi ising;
but that these diJletvnees occasion a necessary
antagonism of mtei est,!.! disproved by the geneial
prosperity all ha\e mjoyed m Union under one
Government for more (ban seventy years.
The Chicago platform enunciates a proposition
(and H has been sustained in debate here) which
has been the prolific souice of most of the difficul-
ties and dissensions by which ihe nation is now
distiacted and divided. It declares, "that the
norma) condition of all the terntoi y of the, United
Suites is that of freedom,55 and then denies the
authority of Congress, of a Territorial Legisla-
ture, or of any individuals, to u give legal exist-
ence to slavery in any of the territoiy of the
United States." And it has been insisted, m argu-
ment here, that while freedom is thus the national
| stains of tho country, shivery is ap exceptional
condition, the mere en altue of local and muni-
cipal law, and does not and cannot exist beyond
the limits of their jurisdiction. This view of the
domestic institutions of tho States places them in
conflict upon the common terutory, and tends
strongly to sectionalize political parties.
Freedom, in the sense of the dogma referred to,
! is not that fieedom which every American citizen
!| claims as his birih-right, and belongs to every
; State alike: but is applied to the African race m
J the United States. Let me, then, examine the
pi oposition, and inquire if it be true that freedom,
and not slavery, is tho normal condition of the
race upon this continent, and especially m terri-
toiy coveted by the Constitutu n;and to whatex-
; tent propei ty in slaves differs from other property,
ji in being the creatine of municipal law?
j Slavery was introduced, as history proves, into
this country^mder the sanction of international
[| law, by tho concurring agency of all the maritime
ji nations of Europe,at an early period of its scttlc-
ij ment. It existed, wJih few exceptions, in every
il European colony and among the several West
India Islands, not by virtue of any positive en-
actment, but by the consent of the people. Slaves
were brought over from Africa, landed upon our
shores, sold and bought as such, and held by the
colonists, as was every other kind of property,
under the universal acquiescence of the people.
By this slow and silent process tho institution was
planted upon the continent and took root m our
soil. The first laws which are found upon the
statute-book recognize its legal existence only in
providing for its security and giving better pro-
tection to the rights of ownership.
At the date of the Declaration of Independence,
Afitcan slavery had an admitted legal in every
one of the thirteen colonies; and when the Federal
Constitution was formed, in tweho of the States.
In fact, slaves were then held even in the excepted
State, (Massachusetts,) although long afiei wards
its courts held the system abolished by a declara-
tory clause in the State constitution. It came to
an end wherever else it has since ceased lawfully
to exist, only in consequence of express acts of
prohibitory legislation. The necessity of such
enactments is full proof of the universal prevalence
of the system in their absence.
The status of the African—not a voluntary emi-
grant, but imported from his own to this conti-
nent under a traffic sanctioned by the consent of
nations—was thatof slavery; and such his condi-
tion tcmained until changed by positive provis-
ions of municipal and local law. The Federal
Government was created for the protection of the
rights of person and property as fon nd m the States
that made it; not where State authority afforded
already ample guarantee, but beyond their juris-
diction, upon the public domain, and upon the
open sea, over which its flag floated. As this was
its structure,and these the endswhich it.s toiuuiers
had in view, so this was the policy of those who
were charged with rts etuly administration.
There is abundant evidence that slaves, like
other property, have been equally objects of gov-
ernmental care and defense. I will adduce some
of it. In the provisional treaty made between the
Umt( d States and Great Ihitain, at Paris, on the
30th day of Novembei, ]78'2, it is provided that—
'• Al! pn^oneis on hot!) side*, -hall b" at libeit.v, and
in-. Hiitannic Majesty, with all coin "iiieut -peed. and with-
out c.ui-.ii)£i it!i\ dc« tiu' tion, oi cai mug aw ,i_\ any ocs
or ofh"r jnopri'hj of the American inhabitant^, witluhaw
all his ni uues, aarn-ons. and tlccN fiom the said Unit"d
States, iind item cvciy toit. place, and lunbor within the
:-amo."'
And in the definitive treaty of peace, agreed on
at Paris, the 3d day of September, 1783, and signed
by John Adams, B. Franklin, and John Jay, oil
the part of the United States, it is stipulated m
article seven that—
u His Britannic Majesty sdiall, with all convenient speed,
and without caiwmt anv'd stiuetion, oreaiiyinjjawayany
iic^i ocs oi otfici property ol the Auicncaii inhabitants, with-
diaw all his atmteV &-<-*.
In the treaty of Ghent, concluding a peace after
our second wai with Gieat Britain—to which, in
our behalf, are parties the distinguished names of
,T. CI. Adams, J. A. Riyard, H. Clay, Jonathan
Russell, and A Ibert Gallatin—made December 24,
1^14, and ratified by the Senate on the 15th day
of February following, it is agreed, <n article one,
that eei lam piopeity uqouiud dm mg the war—
u Shall be ier-toicd without dclcH, and without causing
any d'Miucnon, ami without cai t> 'nu away any of the ar-
111 lei \ ot othei public pro]M My oiuriaally capmicd in tho
^aidtoj-oi places, and which >ha!l icmain iheieiu upon
the exchange ol'iatiik ation^ of this  ticaty, oi any ilave or
otkci privtta pi0}ieily.'"'
Heic, then, not only are slaves declaied to be
property, but the Government recognizes its right
to protection, and afioids that protection by dis-
tinct tieaty stipulations, placing it upon the same
footing, m this respect, as other kinds of prop-
erty.
Some misunderstanding as to the construction
of this clause in the tieaty of Ghent having oc-
curied between the paiths, it was agreed, by
nrticLc five of the convention of 1818, to refer the
dispute to some friendly sovereign. Tho Empe-
ror of Russia having been selected a referee, made
his award on the ^d of April, 1822, m favor of
the claim of tho United States for compensation;
and on the 30t.li of November, ISliG, a definite
sum was determined on between the two Govern-
ments, which was soon thereafter paid for the
removed slaves.
