788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Union, if we could possibly avoid it. We were
determined " neither to cheat nor to be cheated."
We determined to assert clear constitutional rights;
to go before the people of the North and the
South advocating these rights, and to defeat the
opposition in whatever complexion it presented
itself, under whatever name, under whatever ban-
ner it might fight; and we believed conscientiously
that we could; that the truth would prevail; and
that, in electing a man who would abide by the
Constitution, and sustain our rights under it, we
should not only save the Union, but render it worth
saving. We were defeated in that canvass. I
am not going to say whose fault it was—certainly
not ours. Nearly two million men over twenty-
one years of age, in the non-slaveholding States,
voted that our property should not be protected;
that our property should be confiscated wherever
this Federal Government had jurisdiction. We
were beaten. The opposite party has comc into
power. We gave notice, both North and South,
that if Abraham Lincoln was elected this Union
was dissolved. I never made a speech, during
the whole of the canvass, without asserting that
fact. I know not how the Tennessee Senator dis-
cussed these matters, nor what he said. 1 know
that in his own State, judging from the newspa-
pers, he was regarded as a very lukewarm sup-
porter of his own ticket. I know that he was
reported, in a speech at Memphis, to have at least
countenanced, if he did notmakc, the very charges
which he is now making against us. I know that
his heart and his sympathies were not with that
party which seceded at Charleston, and which
nominated aticketat Baltimore. Itwas too sound
for him. Success, not principle, was the ques-
tion with him. He would have supported any-
body. If he did light the good fight, and keep
the faith; if he did enter that canvass earnestly and
warmly, then his own party friends in Tennessee
have much misrepresented him; the party press
there have misrepresented him; his speech at
Memphis has been misrepresented, and his whole
coarse in that canvass. These are facts which
are known to myself, as weli as to everybody else
who reads the newspapers.
Then, I say that our purpose was not to dissolve
the Union; but the dire necessity has been put
upon ns. The question is, whether we shall live
longer in a Union in which a party hostile to us
in every respect has the power in Congress, in the
executive department, and in the electoral col-
leges—a party who will have the power even in
the judiciary. We think it is not safe. Wesay
that each State has the clear, indisputable right to
withdraw if she sees fit; and six of the States have
already withdrawn, and one other State is upon
the eve of withdrawing, if she has notal ready done
so. How far this wiil spread, no man can tell.
The Senator from Tennessee, though, by way
of making himself agreeable to his Free-Soil
allies, and by way of keeping Tennessee from
going with her .sisters of the South, asserts that
if the Union is to be dissolved, he hopes the
line will not be between the non-slaveholdingand
the slaveholding States. Tie would have Ten-
nessee tacked on to the tail of a Black Republican
Confederation. He says that he has seen some-
where that South Carolina and Mississippi and
Louisiana, or some orall of them,are indisposed
to confederate with any non-slaveholding State.
I have seen no such evidence myself; but he as-
serted it. Admit it to be true. He says that in-
disposition to confederate with non-slaveholding
States ls the result of a belief that non-slavehold-
ers are not safe to be trusted with the protection
of the institution of slavery: ergo, the Senator
says that, after we have formed a confederation
of slaveholding States, non-slaveholders in our
own States will be deprived of oil political power;
for, says he, if it is not safe to confederate with
non-slaveliolding States, then it is unsafe to allow
men who do not own negroes in your own States
to exercise political power ! They talk about the
Helper book; they talk of sixty-eight Black Re-
publicans signing it. I have never read it; I have
.seen some exrracts from it,and I apprehend they
arp the most offensive in it; but I will say this
thing for Helper: that he never has devised, he
has never imagined, he has never written any-
thing, that was more unsound and treasonable to
the South, than the sentiments which the Senator
of aslaveholdingState has uttered upon this floor.
[Applause in the galleries ]
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Order.
Mr. WIGFALL. Sir, does he wish an " irre-
pressible conflict," in our own country ? Does he
wish to prejudice the slaveholder against the non-
slaveholder, and the non-slaveholder against the
slaveholder ? Who, except Helper and the Black
Republicans, have ever supposed there was any
conflict between our own people, bone each of the
other's bone and flesh of the other's flesh, born
on the same soil, descended from the same ances-
try, with the same glorious memories of the past
transmitted to them from their sires who fought
for the establishment of liberty in this country ?
Who but a Black Republican, or a renegade south-
erner and Helperite, has ever dared to assert such
a slander on the people of the South, either slave-
holders or non-slaveholders? Who but such a
man ever dared to say that the slaveholders ever
distrusted their brethren ? Who has ever hinted
that the non-slaveholders were not as sound to the
South on this question as those who owned the
most? So far as my experience goes, I can say
that throughout the broad limits of the southern
country the soundest men I know are non-slave-
holders. They feci and they know the facts as
they are presented to them, and the issues as they
now stand; and demagogism will not be able,
except at the risk of its neck, to raise any such
issue in any slaveholding State.
Who are interested m the matter? Slaveholders
are men of enlarged ideas, of education, and of
property; for no man who holds slaves owns
slaves alone; he must own land, horses,and pos-
sessions, chattels of different kinds When the
day comes that four and a half million Africans
are turned loose, free in our country, the slave-
holders will have the means and the ability and
the inclination to leave the country—and leave it
they will. Who will be left to contest the palm
with these emancipated slaves of the African race ?
Who but the non-slaveholders? The man who
has a small farm, with a wife and children to sup-
port on it; who has lived nowhere else; who has
never been beyond the limits of his own county,
of limited education, is there a fixture, and he
has to stay; and he has to contest the question
of equality with the African. These men cannot
be led by the nose by demagogism. They will
listen not to appeals against those who are more
fortunate than themselves m the woild's goods.
They know that in the veins of slaveholders runs
their own blood; that one son has squandered his
estate, and another has husbanded it; that one
who was once a non-slaveholder has become a
slaveholder, and vice versa. They feel and they
know that they are citizens of their own State.
They know and ihey feel that they are freemen.
They know and they feel that they have an in-
alienable right of self-government, and they intend
to assert it; and when the question is presented
to those men, of whether they will fight for ne-
groes now, or light negroes hereafter, they will
not be long in deciding that question. Hclpcrism
will not distractand divide the true and loyal men
of the South, m this our day of daikness and of
danger.
The Senator from Tennessee says that the cot-
ton States will not be able to give any protection
to the border States, and that we of the cotton
States wish to make waruponMexico,and to get
the Virginians and Tennessecans and Iventuck-
ians to doom fighting,and to furnish us the money.
Who told him that we wanted to make war upon
Mexico? Which of his Black Republican friends
has communicated this secret to him? I never
heard of it. On the contrary, I know the reverse
to be true; that it will be as much as we can do to
attend to our own affairs. We have no use for
Mexico. We cannot colonize it. We have no
surplus slave population. So far as Texas is con-
cerned,-she can receive, for years to come, the
whole surplus slave population, and till profitably
her fertile soil. It is another Black Republican
slander that he gets up and dares to announce in
the presence of southern men. lie waited, pa-
tiently waited, for six long weeks, until Benja-
min and Davis and others left, and then he rose
to reply to their speeches. Why did he not an-
swer them when they were present ? When honest
Jack Falstaff, having counterfeited death, rose and
found t; gunpowder Percy " lying near him, he
said:
'* Wiiv may he not rise as weiln* I. <«
" Therefore, sirrah, with a new wound in thy thigh, come
you along with me." * * * * <■ if your father
will do me honor, so , if not, let him kill the next Percy
himself. I look to be cither eail or duke* I can assure you."
But he rose here and denounced Jefferson
Davis as a disunionist per se! That charge was
once made against that gallant soldier. He is ab-
sent. I feel that I can speak of him, because he is
a friend, and because I know him to be worthy of
the language which I shall use. A man who from
his youth upwards has followed the flag of his
country, and would follow it to the death as long
as itwas the flag of his country; who never deserted
it; whose blood was shed in its defense; whose
body would have been wrapped in its broad folds
had he died in defending it—that man here de-
nounced as a traitor, the ally of Abolitionists, the
coadjutor of Phillips and Giddings, and men of
that character ! The slander was uttered when
Davis was not here to resent it. Why, sir, of the
four-footed beasts, it is said that the jackal preys
only upon the carcasses that his royal master has
left. It belongs to our own species to feed upon
the dead lion himself. Davis is gone. He is not
here to resent it. That cluuge was once made
against him, and he answered in emphatic lan-
guage; he answered in monosyllables; and it is
the answer that would have been made againhere
upon this floor, had the charge been made during
his presence. From whatever source it might
have come, thus he would have answered to prince
or peer, or plebeian, from Highland or from Low-
land, from far or from near,
" Lord Angus, thou hast lied."
[Applause in the galleries.] No bosom ever
contained a heart 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chftir takes this occasion to
announce, that on a repetition of the offense in the
galleries, they will be cleared forthwith.
Several Senators. Clear them now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the galleries
on the right of the Chair be cleared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Chair direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to clear
the galleries to the right of the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDINQ-OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will see that the galleries on the right of
the Chair are cleared forthwith. The older will
be executed without delay, and all business of the
Senate will be suspended until the order is exe-
cuted.
The Sergeant-at-Arms proceeded to execute the
order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose it is in order for
me to move to reconsider that motion. I have
been here for many weeks, and I hear applause
every day dozens of times. It was done again
and again yesterday and the day before, and I de-
sire, therefore, a uniform rule on the subject. If
men are to be applauded on one side, I think it
perfectly fair that they should upon the other. I
therefore make my motion to reconsidcr.
Mr. MASON. I hope it will not be reconsid-
ered. The galleries were once cleared, and I think
with beneficial results; and I hope they will be
cleared again.
Mr. KING. I hope the order will be proceeded
with.
Mr. MASON. Let the order be executed.
The_ PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fromNoi th Carolina moves to reconsider the order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am indifferent about it.
I am in favor of seeing orderpreserved generally;
but I observe whenever a man speaks in favor of
the Union and there is applause, no exception is
taken to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I rise to a point of order.
Did the Senator vote in the affirmative?
Mr. CLINGMAN. There was no division. I
did not vote at all* if the Senator makes the point,
I have said all I desire to say, and he may regard
the motion as withdrawn.
Mr. MASON. Let the order be executed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
withdrawn, and the order is in proccss of execu-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee. I am in hopes
that the ordor will be suspended. [4< Oh, no.'5]
Mr. POWELL. I see that the ladies are retiring.
I suppose that order will not extend to them.
Mr. CHANDLER. My motion was, that the
galleries on the right of the Chair be cleared.
