1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7-89
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ex-
pressly excepted the ladies gallery, and gave the
order according to the motion: to clear the galleries
on the right of the Chair.
Mr. GrWIN. Is it in order to move to adjourn.
[" Oh, no."] I do not see that we are making
much headway in the process of clearing the gal-
leries.
The galleries having been cleared,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will come to order. The order of the Senate for
clearing the galleries on the right of the Chair,
having been executed, the Senator from Texas
will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. W1GFALL. Mr. President, I was speak-
ing, at the time of the interruption, of the distin-
guished Senator fiom Mississippi, and what more
i might have said I do not know; it has escaped me.
I did feel, sir, deeply grieved—not only grieved,
but indignant, when a man of his character was
held up here to reprobation by a Senator from a
southern State; a man who, more perfectly than
any I have ever met, combines all the great qual-
ities of Jackson and Calhoun. With the iron
will, pure patriotism, and distinguished military
abilities of the one, he combines in the most sin-
gular manner, the clearness of judgment, the won-
deiful sagacity, and the remarkable accuracy in
his knowledge of the great constitutional ques-
tions that are agitating the countiy, of the other.
I felt it, therefore, an outrage that the Senator
should wait here for six weeks, and make a cas-
ual remark of that Senator asnbjcct of comment,
and couple it with denunciation and charges of
want of patriotism.
As to Mr. Benjamin, and the sneers at him and
his being a lawyer, he needs no defense at my
hands. My relations towards him have not been
so personally intimate and close as those with the
Senator from Mississippi, and I therefore felt loss
indignant at that. The mousing owl will strike
at theeaglein his towering (light without disturb-
ing the proud bird; and 1 feel there is no occasion
to defend the reputation of Mr. Benjamin, or his
capacity to comprehend either an act of Congress
or a treaty of the United States, or to draw legit-
imate conclusions, such as a lawyer docs draw.
His arguments on such questions need no defense.
But the point from which I was diverted was,
that the cotton States desire, not from any good
feeling, but for their own protection, to precipi-
tate these border States into a revolution. The
charge is groundless. That we feel sympathy
With these border States, that we have similar in-
stitutions, that we desire that our destinies should
be the same, is true: but what is there to prevent
us, not only from asserting, but carrying out to
its legitimate consequences, our separate State
existence? With exports to the amount of hun-
dreds of millions of dollais, our imports must be
the same. With a lighter tariff than any people
ever undertook to live under, wo could have a
larger revenue. We would be able to stand di-
rect taxation to a greater extent than any people
ever could before, since the creation of the woild.
We feel perfectly competent to meet all issues
that may be presented, either by hostility from
abroad or treason at home. So far as the border
States aie concerned, it is a matter that concerns
them alone. Should they confederate with us,
beyond all doubt New England machinery will
be worked with the water power of Tennes-
see, of Kentucky, of Virginia, and of Maryland;
the tariff laws that now give New England the
monopoly in the thirty-three States, or that did
when there were thirty-three States, will give to
these border States a monopoly m the slavehold-
ing States. Should the non-slaveholdmg States
choose to side against us in organizing their Gov-
ernments, and cling to their New England breth-
ren, the only result will be, that the meat, the
horses, the hemp, and the grain, which we now
buy in Pennsylvania, in Ohio, in Indiana, and
Illinois, will be purchased in Kentucky and in
western Virginia and in Missouri. Should Penn-
sylvania stand out, the oniy result will be, that
the iron which is now dug m Pennsylvania will be
dug m the mountains of Tennessee and of Virginia
and of Kentucky and of North Carolina. These
things we know.
We feel no anxiety at all so far as money or
men are concerned. We desire war with nobody;
we intend to make no war; but we intend to live
under just such a Government as we see fit. Six
States have left this Union, and others are going
to leave it, simply because they choose to do it;
that is all. We do not ask your consent; we do
not wish it. We have revoked our ratification of
the treaty commonly known as the Constitution
of the United States; a treaty for common defense
and general welfare; and we shall be perfectly
willing to enter into another treaty with you of
peace and amity. Reject the olive branch and
offer us the sword,and we accept it; we have not
the slightest objection. Upon that subject we feel
precisely as the great William Lowndes felt upon
another important subject, the Piesidency, which
he said was neither to be sought nor declined.
When you invade our soil look to your own
; borders You say that you have too many peo-
ple, too many towns, too dense a population, for
us to invade you. I say to you, Senators, tj^U
there is nothing that ever stops the march of an
invading force, except a desert. The more^popu-
lous a country, the more easy it is to suj^ist'an
army.
There are some other matters that we under-
stand, and possibly you do not. Not only are
our non-slaveholders loyal, but even our negroes
are. We have no apprehension whatever of in-
surrection—not the slightest. We can arm our
negroes, and leave them at home, when we are
temporarily absent. That is a fact. You cannot
steal negroes m a campaign. In these modern
times, when armies march, they carry as little
baggage as possible. Since Napoleon adopted the
bivouacking system, very little baggage is carried,
and rapid movements and quick changes of posi-
tion are the important points that every military
commander looks to. We feJ assured that you
will never cross our border with more equipage
than will be necessary to carry your sick and
wounded. You will not be able to have that
amount of transportation which will be necessary
to bring off many of our negroes. Without it,
you cannot bring the women and children; and
the men will not leave their wives. But suppose
you could; suppose you could steal one hundred
thousand in a single campaign: what is that to
us? We have four million and a half, and it
would cost you more to fued them than it would
us to lose them.
We may as well talk plainly about this matter.
This is probably the last time 1 shall have an
opportunity of addressing yon. There is another
thing an invading army cannot do. It cannot
bum up plantations. You can pull down fences,
but the negroes will put them up the next morn-
ing. The worst fuel that ever a man undertook
to make fnc with is dirt; it will not burn.
Now, I have told you what an imading army
cannot do. Suppose 5 u-vei^e the picture, and
tell you what it can do. An invading army in
an enemy's country, where is a dense population,
can subsist itself at a very little cost; it does not
always pay for what it gets. An invading army
can burn down towns; an invading army can burn
down manufactories; and it can starve operatives.
It can do all these things; but an invading army
and an army to defend a country both require a
military chest. You may bankiupt every man
south of North Carolina, so that his credit is re-
duced to such a point that he could not discount
a note for thirty dollars, at thirty days; but the
next autumn those cotton States will have justas
much money and as much credit as they had be-
fore. They pick money off the cotton plant.
Every time that a negro touches a cotton pod with
his hand, lie pulls a piece of silver out of it, and
he drops it into the basket in which it is earned
to the gin-house. It is canied to the packing
screw. A bale of cotton roils out, in other words,
five ten dollar gold pieccs roll out, covered with
canvass. We shall never again make less than
five million bales of cotton.
It is true, the President of the United States
says that the good crops we had last year, and
the health of the country, were dependent upon
the Union. I do not agree with him m that. In
the first place, we had l5ut a very poor crop; and
if the only blessings we are to get from the Union !
arc such seasons as we had last year, we had ;
better get out of it, but we honestly think the i
President was mistaken in supposing either that j
the health of the people or the cotton crop depends ;
on our being in the Union. These are facts. We j
can produce five million bales of cotton, evciv '
bale worth fifty dollars, which is the lowest mar- 1
ket price it has been at for years past. We shall
import a bale of something else for every bale of
cotton that we export, and that bale will oe worth
fifty dollars. We shall find no difficulty under a
war tariff in raising an abundance of money. We
have been at peace for a very long time. We arc
very prosperous. Our planters use their cotton,
not to buy the necessaries of life, but for the su-
perfluities which they can do without. The States
themselves have a mine of wealth in the loyalty
and the wealth of their citizens. Georgia, Mis-
sissippi, any one of those States can issue its six
per cent, bonds to-morrow, and receive cotton in
payment to the extent almost of the entire crop.
They can first borrow from their own citizens;
they can tax them to an almost unlimited extent;
and they can raise revenue from a tariff to an
almost unlimited extent.
How will it be with New England? Where
will their revenue come from? From your cus-
tom-houses? What do you export? You have
been telling us here for the last quarter of a cen-
tury, that you cannot manufacture even for the
home market under the tariffs which we have
given you. When this tariff ceases to operate
m your favor, and you have to pay for coming
into our markets, what will you export? When
your machinery ceases to move, and your ope-
latives are turned out, will you tax your broken
capitalist or your starving operative ? When the
navigation laws cease to operate, what will be-
come of your shipping interest? You are going
to blockade om ports, you say. That is a very
innocent game; and you suppose we shall sit
quietly down and submit to a blockade. I speak
not of the foreign interference, for we look not to
it. We are just as competent to take Clueon Vic-
toria and Louis Napoleon under our protection
as they are to take us; and they arc a great deal
more interested to-day in receiving cotton from
our ports than we are in shipping it. You may
lock up every bale of cotton within the limits of
the eight cotton States, and not allow us to ex-
port one for three years, and we shall not feel it
further than our military resources are concerned.
Exhaust the supply of cotton in Europe for one
week and all Europe is in revolution.
These are facts. You will blockade us! Do
you suppose wc shall do nothing, even upon the
sea? How many letters of marque and reprisal
would it take to put the whole of your ships up
at your wharves to rot? Will any merchant at
Havre, or Liverpool, or any other portion of the
habitable globe, ship a cargo upon a New Eng-
land, or New York, or Philadelphia clipper, or
other ship, when he knows that the seas are
swarming with letters of marque and reprisal?
Why the mere apprehension of such a thing will
cut you out of the carrying trade of the civilized
world. It is a very different question from that
between this Government, Great Britain, and
France, during the last war, when they were in-
terfering with our trade, we claiming the right to
trade as neutrals as long as we did not carry arti-
i cles contraband of war. Here is war itself. I
| speak not of the absurdity of the position that
i you can blockade our ports, admitting at the
same time that we are in the Union. Blockade
is a remedy, as all writers on international law
say, against a foreign Power with whom you are
at war. You cannot use a blockade against your
own people. An embargo even, you cannot use.
That is a remedy against a foreign nation with
whom you expect to be at war. You must treat
us either as in the Union or out of it. We have
gone out. We are willing to live at peace with
you; but assure as fate, whenever any flag comes
into one of our ports that has thirty-three stais
upon it, that {lag will be fired at. Displaying a
flag with stars which we have plucked from that
bright galaxy, is an insult to the State within
whose waters that flag is displayed. You cannot
enforce the laws without coercion, and you cannot
coerce without war. The people are the State,
and the State is the people; and the States have
asserted their independence, and they will pro-
tect their people.
These matters, then, can be settled. How ? By
withdrawing your troops; admitting our right of
self-government cleaily, unqualifiedly. Do this,
and there is no difficulty about it. You say thatyou
will not do it. Very well; we have no objection—
none whatever. Thatiscoercion. When you have
attempted it, you will find that you ha^e made war
