1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SGtii Coxg....2i) Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
Again: two vessels, with slaves on board, the
Cometand Encomium, were wrccked, orput in in
distress, at Nassau, on their way to New Orleans,
and tlic slaves were liberated by the local author-
iticsot the island. The Federal Government made
demand upon that of Great Britain for damages
foi the act of spoliation of private property, and
compensation was made, and the money received
into the Treasury and paid out to the claimants,
under the act of February 18, 1843. Thus, the
British Government, more just than a large por-
tion of the people of some of the confederate States,
admitted the right of property in slaves upon the
high seas, and beyond the jurisdiction of local
law, while under the national flag, and, upon the
claim of the United States, paid the full value of
those lawlessly seized and set at liberty by their
own officers.
A similar recognition of property in slaves, and,
as such, its claim to Federal protection, runs
through many of our early Indian treaties. In
the treaty with the Delawares, made September
17, 1778, they expressly contract to surrender
slaves found among them. The last clause of
article four is as follows:
u And it is further agreed between the parties that neither
shall entertain or give countenance to the enemies ot the
other, or piotect, hi their lCspeetive States, criminal fu<jj-
tives, t-ervants, oi slave*,; but the s-amc toappiehend and
secur« and deiivei to the Stdteor States to whichsuch en-
emies, eiiuimaH, teivant^, or slaves, icspeetively belong.5'
The same provision, in substance, and nearly
in woids, is contained in the treaty made with the
Cherokees,November 28,1785:in that made with
the Choctaws, January 3, 1786;and in that made
with the Chickasaws, January 10, 1780.
These historical facts, resting upon a full ac-
knowledgment of the right of property in slaves,
demonstrates a policy not hostile but protective
to the institution as it existed m the several States.
They might be foitiiied by abundant citations
from the annals ot American jurisprudence. I
shall contentmyself with a few only, of undoubted
auihoiity with those who ^attempt to clothe the
new dogma with the mantle of antiquity. In the
case of the Commonwealth vs. Ames, decided in
183G, and reported m J8 Pick. Hep. 193, in which
it is held that tiie State constitution had abolished
slavery there. Chief Justice Shaw, m delivering
the opinion of the court, says:
" But notwithstanding these stiong expiessions in the
acts ot the colonial Government, s-lavcrj, to a certain ex-
tent, scenic to kmc crept in, not probably by fon.c of tau—for
none such is Jonnd or hnonn tu cxht—but lather, it m;ty
be pie-umed,liom that uuiversiil eur-tom pie vailing thiouuh
the .European colonies m the Wo^t Indie*, and on the con-
'tinontoi Amesica, and which was lbsteied and encouraged
by the i ommi'ieial policy of the lane?;. That it wa*. c-o
established ^ >ho\vn by this: that by eial piovmeial acts
passed at vat urn. timer- in the eaily prut of the la*-t ccntuiy,
slaveiy wtct > etoqnired as existing u//w/;aud various iegn-
lations were {.icscnbed m icleience to it.-J
And again, in the same opinion, he declares:
" La! although slavcty and the slave trade a c deemed
conttaiy to naimal right, jet it is settled by the judicial de-
cisions of this countiy and oj England that it is not contrary
to the law of nation*."*
A similar view of the subject is taken by the
supreme court of Connecticut, in a habeas corpus
case brought before it in 1837, and which is re-
ported under the name of Jackson vs. Bullock,
12 Conn. Hep., 41. In delivering the opinion of a
majonty of the court, with which was the chief
justice, he expresses himself thus:
it is sank howcvei. that this is not our law, because
slavei} lane to a eeitain txterit. It cannot be denied
tnat, in tins State, we have not been euun ly f tec lrom the
evil of  davei> ; and a smaii i '-minnl -tni leniain-. to ictmnd
us of the faei, So lai a- sdavct\ n sanctioned by law, so
far tho.-e who rue to expound me law are to jjive u elieet,
but no further. How oi when it "as introduced info tin.".
State we aie nor mtormed. We hud no tiaee^ of it in our
eaila-st statutes.. H piobablj irept in ulentiy until it be-
came ium honed by custo,uur ie>u«c. Did it d< puid entirely
upon fu-tom oi lis,peihap-. ii would not be loo late to
inqune whether a custom -o uttcily icpugnanl to the gieat
pwncipies ot hi1eir3.ju.-uce, and riaiuiaJ light. was that
i'«a>on.tbh: eu* t an which would claimthe f-aiicuon of law.
Hut w e liiiii t.'ia*. loi neatly arcntury past. the system of sla-
very hasheen.to a eeitain extent ,iecognized In/ various stat-
utes* designed 10 mod 113', to legulate, and <u last to abubfsh
it; and thus wc think it has received the implied sanction, at
tca&l, of the Legislature.'''
I beg, also, to quote an extract from the dis-
senting opinion of two of the judges, as delivered
by one of them, (Judge Bisseil.) He says:
u 1 maintain that the State of Connecticut, from time
iimnemonal. has been, and to a certain extent nowisy a
slaceho!-hn<y State. Th.-< is too cleai to admit of depute.
At what time or 111 what mauuei *.| ;very was introduced,
whether by foice nt'-omo ^tatutorv provision. or m accord-
ance with the commonly received opinion? of the dav, that
the institution was not'oppo.-ed to the laws ot God, it is
not ca-y, nor i= it important, to .ascertain. Out as early
as 1711. a statute was enacted recognizing slavcrv as then
existing, and providing for the regulation of the reciprocal
rights and duties of mastei and slave. It was then enacted
that all slaves --et at hbcity by their ownei^, in case they
come to want alter they aie &et at liberty, shall be relieved
by such owneis, their heirs, executors, and administrators.
This provision lias been retained in every subsequent re-
vision of our statutes, and was reenaeted* almost in teims
at the revision of 1821."
And in his able discussion of the subject, he
adds:
" Still, the principle was recognized and acted upon, that
one man might have property in another; might command
lus seivices tor life without compensation, aud dispose of
him as he would of any other chattel "
Permit me to cite, to the same point, the very
clear admission contained in the opinion of Judge
McLean, in Prigg's case, which will bo found
at page 660 of the 16th volume of Peters's Re-
ports r
u At an early period in*our history, sloven; existed in all
the colonies; and fugitives from labor weie claimed aud de-
livered up under a spuatof comity or conventional law
amoii<  the colonics. The Article* ot Coniedeiation con-
tained no pio vision on the subject, andtheiecan bono doubt
that the provision mtioduced into the Constitution was the
result of expeiieuoe and manifest necessity. A matter so
delicate, important, and exciting, was very properly intro-
duced into the organic law."
Such is the unbroken current of authority to
the fact of the almost universal diffusion and rec-
ognized existence of the system of Afiican slavery
as the normal condition of the race upon this con-
tinent, and in opposition to the party dogma that
denounces and seeks to denationalize it. .But it
is still urged that the policy of the fathers was
decisively against its extension beyond the limits
of the States, and that the Republican paity only
intend to cany that policy out. In proof of this,
the restrictive ordinance of H87, enacted for the
government of the Northwest Territory, is ap-
pealed to.
When the Federal Constitution went into op-
eration, it found this restrictive law in force, and
it was only so far altered as to make Us provisions
confoun to the change in the Government. But
this enactment does not prove that such power
was intended to be conferred upon the Federal
Congress by aConstitution afterwards made, nor
doea the application of the restriction to territory
lying immediately behind Stateswhich ltwas well
understood would soon become free, and in the
direct line oftheir westward emigration,show that
the principle was intended to be one of general
policy. If such was the purpose, it is difficult to
assign a reason for their failure to give it expres-
sion m comprehensive terms applicable to future
teriitory acquired, or to insert it in the funda-
mental law.
But, whatever may be the force of the argument
drawn from the fact, it stands confronted with
other and opposing facts.
The St.'te of Kentucky, soon after, with the
assent of Virginia, was admitted into the Union,
slave-holding territory. The grants from North
Carolina and Georgia, of the land between their
west boundaries and the Mississippi nver, weie
upon the expiess condition of its remaining theie-
after slavehohhng territory: and as such it was
accepted aud held by the Fedeial Government.
If the northwestern terntoiy was reserved for
settlers from the free States, it is equally true that
the othei cessions were kept free and open to the
ingress of settlers from the blave States. Till a
recent period, indeed, all our acquisitions have
been of siavehoiding teriitory. This was the con-
dition of the teintory obtained from Spain and
from France. Nor, indeed, for the first half cen-
tury of our national existence, was any successful
attempt made to apply an anti-shivery restriction
to them, except in the instance of the Missouri
compromise line, 111 1620, adopted as an alterna-
tive for a measure still more obnoxious, and strik-
ing directly at the equality of the Stales.
But, Mr. Speaker, dismissing this topic, I pro-
pose to devote the remaining portion of my time
to an examination of the plansof pacification which
have been offered to the House. And peimit me
here to say that I have listened with great pleas-
ure to the able and generous speech immediately
preceding my own. If there were found among
all the Representatives of the people the same
amicable and conciliatory temper as that evinced
by the gentleman frpm Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,)
even yet we might hope not only for the retention
of the States now meditating the contingency of
a withdrawal, but the restoration even to the XJnioa
of euch as have already gone out.
The SPEAKER. The hour fixed by the House
for taking a recess has arrived.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that, by unanimous
consent, my colleague be'allowed to close his
remarks before a recess is taken.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered,
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. 1 cannot^
Mr. Speaker, impart more force to the observa-
tions I have submitted than by incorporating
among them an extract from the specch made in
the House the other day by the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Howard,] in which he
recapitulates the many acts of wrong committed
in the northern States, and which have produced
results upon the public mind we are here this day
compelled to contemplate. He said:
"Then, sir, m this case, it is very cv'ident that the north-
ern States weie the aggressors; and, if they leally, at heart,
doMie the preservation of the Union, lot them fin>t-correct-
the errois at home. Let them do equity before they demand
equity at the hands of others. Let them come into court
with ciean hands and puio heait>, for they laid the foun-
dation ol the present difficulties and dangers that now beset
us, by the nullifying act> of their own Legislatures. Let
the noithern States immediately, and w ithout delay, repeal
the obnoxious law-; that now arc upon their t-tatute. books.
Let tbem cea-e to olxtiuct the onfoicemeut of the fugitive
slave law. Let the executives of tho-e Suites res-pond
piomptly to the Je^al demand ot the southern States, and
yield up the fleeing cummal to justice, to be tried by tiie
laws of the States which he has violated, and not undeitake
to obofiuct the settled comity ot States by the nitei position
of |«sttitoir^ln<r technicality. Let them cease their inces-
sant abu-e. vilification, ;ind niisrepie^cntation of their
southern bretlnen. Let them cea-e to make crime honor-
able by holding oui leward.-- aim inducements foi its coiu-
nii^iou. Let them cease to eo.mnK-um and ^etvl forth
then emis^atie-. to stn up the un;u-*peetme; > Uve to uv-ur-
lection, to mmdei, rape, an-on, and all othei eiune-5 known
aud lecurrni/.ed by the calendar—not that they have the
slightest mtei e-i m the happine^and welfaie of the slave,
but that they mav use his condition for political effect. Let
Them ceju.e to entice the slave from hi*' nutniei, and to re-
move him beyond bis reach and contiol. Let tbem cea«se
to endanger the liberty and happiness ot tvventv-six million
people to obtain that ot four. Let them not'stand up in
the IInil;j of tlie national Legislature, and boa-'tthat tiioy
are eighteen million stiontr, and they are prepared In their
ftrensrth tor their southern bretlnen if they do not submit
to sin h terms as they may dictate. Let they tlieiiKclve^
be loyal to the l.uvs, the Constitution, and Union, bofoie
they demand and enfoiee loyalty at the hands or others.
Let them do these things ; for every evil winch I have cnu-
mciatcd is 111 existence among them, and not one has in
the slightest degree, been exaggerated
And again, in regard to the fugitive slave law,
he proceeds:
"Then, I a>k, has thi?. law been obeyed and enforced 111
ihe northern Stares ? Every one who is acquainted with
the hMoiy of the eountiy is leady to answer in the nega-
tive, It i* the-e aet< ol disobedience upon the pait of rhe
n<nlhein State-: that i-1 woiapmly alien it'inti the two sections
from each other, and is diguing an unpayable gulf between
people that should have alwnv> b"en one, and winch de-
mands at the hands .11 all loyal and law -abiding ( uizcn>an
open condemnation and lepioach. Twelve ot the noithem
States have not only tefu-=ed to enfoiee us piovhion."-, but
have actually pas-ed laws in dueet violation ot its spirit
and letter, and m hindrance of itt- execution."
This is the testimony of a northern man to a
series of provocations of Ins own scction, which
arc the pumaiy and chief causes of the dangers
and difficulties m which the country is involved.
I cannot say what will bet lie poiiey of the State
which my colleagues and myself have the honor
to represent. I know that m all her past history,
North Carolina has been true and faithful to all
her tovenant engagements under the Fedeial Con-
stitution. Although, it* common with her south-
ern sister States, she deeply feels the wrongs in-
flicted on her, she has patiently enduied them, and
is unwilling toheapaity to the destruction of ihe
fabric of Government which Washington and his
compatriots formed and gave us, so long as her
honor and her rights are safe within the CJnhuu
What her action will be, we shall soon know,
through a convention of her people about to be
called, whose voice, I may say for all, will be the
rule of conduct foi her own loyal citizens.
There is time yet to make a peace-offering to
