1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
that Government was administered—not caring
for freedom, not caring for right—taking up arms
against their brethren from an imagined higher
law, which bound them to their sovereign, fol-
lowing a flag, a miserable piece of bunting, with
figures on it, and forgetting liberty and ught—
this was the sentiment which influenced the Tory-
party. It is the sentiment which influences the
Tory party at the South now—the sacredness of
the Union, without knowing what the Union is,
oy caring what it is. And yet he denounces the
very men who, in 1776, in South Carolina, occu-
pied the position that he now occupies. He says
that he will take up arms in Tennessee when her
ordinance is passed, and that if she is taken out
of the Union, they will have to pass over his dead
body. I do not believe that. 1 think he will not
be in the breach; but he says so; and it shows
the sentiment; it shows the.feeling.
What motive has the Senator for his course?
If this Union were not dissolved, I do not sup-
pose it would require a prophet to foretell that he
never would get the vote of one of the cotton
States, or of "Virginia or Maryland, scarcely of
his own; certainly of no other slaveholding State
that I know of. But if Tennessee can be kept in
the Union, and be made the tail cud of a Black
Republican eonfederation,and Vnginia and Mary-
land and North Carolina can be sloughed off with
these other States, then, if the Senator's amend-
ments to the Constitution shall bo adopted, so that
every alternate four years the candidate must be
taken from the South, while he will be elected by
the North, I think it not improbable the Senator
from Tennessee might be President of the Uni-
ted States that were left. That is the way it looks;
but if Tennessee goes out of this Union, " Othel-
lo's occupation's goife!" When the people of
Tennessee pass that ordinance, if they shall eon-
federate with these other States, that Senator will
•have sworn to support any constitution the last
tune during his natural life. He knows it; he
feelsjt. His very life,therefore,depends upon
keeping Tennessee in the Union.
3-Ie charges these motives upon us. I retort
them upon him; and he knows that the retort is
true. Men who live in glass houses ought not to
throw stones. lie has not been attacked or as-
sailed by anybody. He made a speech that was
personally offensive to cvoiy southern State-rights
man, to every southern Democrat; a speech that
was offensive to his section; a speech which caused
his effigy to be shot, to be hung, and to be burned
in his own State, 1 do not know by how many
people. The speech has created but one feeling
throughout the- South. Senators here alluded
briefly to some portions of it casually—made no
set reply; but he waits until those Senators have
£one, and then gets up and assails their pnvatu
character; and gets up, fuithermore, and chaiges
upon the entire souihern-rights party the most
unworthy motives in the course they have pur-
sued. I say that, when these issues and facts are
presented, the Amrncan people will not believe
that I,and others "who are acting with me,desire
a dissolution of the Union to get office. I say,
when it is presented to them, I feel that the Amer-
ican people will come to the conclusion that the
Senator from Tennessee does desire to keep Ten-
nessee in the Union, as the last and only hope of
future promotion.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move, Mr. President, that
the further consideration of this question bo post-
poned until Monday next, at one o'clock. I dc-
itre, then, to say a few woids upon some of the
propositions that have been offered, and 1 make
this motion for the purpose of giving to-morrow
and next day to other public business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am in hopes
the Senator from Massachusetts will withdraw
liis motion for the present, as I see and under-
stand that the Senator from Oregon wants the
lloor,withaview to unite his efforts with the Sen-
ator who has just concluded his remarks, in reply
to me. I hope he will withdraw his motion, so
that the Senator from Oregon can go on, and when
they are both done, all 1 shall want will be just
about thirty minutes.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Tennessee that I do not think 1 ought to yield the
floor for the purpose indicated by him. I desire
to say a few words on this question, and I desire
thatwe shall have tu-morrow and the no'tday to
attend to important public business. We have
had a great deal said now; and I think, if gentle-
men will reflect a little while, perhaps they will
take less time in saying what they nave to say
here.
Mr. LANE. I have not askea any favors.
The Senator from Tennessee has no right to ask
any for me. I was endeavoring to get the floor 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
rose and, I thought, addressed the Chair. If I
was mistaken, 1 am veiy glad to be corrected.
Mr. LANE. The Senator was decidedly mis-
taken.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I thought the
Senator made an effort to obtain the floor* and 1
was anxious to give him my help in doing so.
Mr. LANE. I can get it without the Senator's
help, if I get it at all. Mr. President, I only de-
sire to say that I intended to make the same mo-
tion that the Senator from Massachusetts has
made. I would rather that this subject should
go over. I hope I shall have an opportunity of
speaking to the question some day before long;
and whenever I can have the opportunity I shall
do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator fiom Massachusetts, that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
Monday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
T1IE TARIFF.
Mr. GWIN. 1 want to have an executive
session. ["Oh, no.'"] Very well; 1 will not
make the motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill which wns the special order for yesterday
at one o'Vlork—the tariff bill
l\lr. SUMNEIt. Alake it the special order for
one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SIMMONS. Oh, no. I wish to leave it
as the unfinished business.
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope that bill will not betaken
up at present. There are seveial of us who are
endeavoring to understand the peculiar and com-
plex system of taxation intended to bo put on our
people, and I am not prepared. I wish to be
heard against that bill before it posses; but I am
not ready to speak to it to-morrow or the next
day. There certainly can be no haste aboutit. i
hope the Senator will allow the bill to remain
over for some days. It was only reported a few
days since. I think it was firs! prmu d and laid
on the table on Mondny. The Senatoi, as. one of
the gentlemen w ho concocted it, may feel that he
nndetsiandfs it peifectly, 1 wish to examine it.
1 hope, tin rrfm-e, lie will not press its considera-
tion to-monow.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I hope the Senator from
Rhode Island \v ill not insist on his motion. I have
looked around for the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, but I do not see him; but! know
it is Ins desire to take up the Navy appropriation
bill to-morrow, if we can take it up by any pos-
sibility. If the Senator from Rhode Island will
withdraw hih motion, I will move to take up that
bill to-night, so as to leave it as the unfinished
business.
Mr. SI MMONS. T did not hear what the Sen-
ator said I desiie to take up the tariff bill, and
leave that as the unfinished business for to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wanted to give notice
that at some time or other we must put through i
the appropriation biiL. 1 tell our friends on tins
side of the House thai there is a little importance
about if. If they do not choose to do it, all\eiy ;
well. I st.uid m a very anomalous position. I !
cannot, pi ess these appropriation bills, for I have
no ri^ht to do so in the absence of the chairman; i
but 1 can notify our friends that I do consider it ;
of some importance that they should be taken up j
and passed at this session of Congress some time '
or other, and if they vote to put them off eternally
for other things they must take the consequences.
That is all I have to say about it.
Mr. SIMMONS. 11 would be a rather ungra-
cious task for me to object to that bill. I am one
of the Committee on Finance and desire to have
those bills passed; but it is my opinion that our
friends may find it of some importance to have
some money m the Treasury to appropriate as
well as to be appropriating it out, as it is always
more pleasant to pay out than to collect. You
offend everybody that you ask for it, and you
please everybody when you- appropriate. I feel
it my duty, after having been engaged three weeks
on this bill, to try to get it considered. There
are a great many details in it in which the com-
mittee were unanimous that amendments ought
to he made. I do not think it will take a great
deal of time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will allow
me, I will say that 1 am in favor of going on with
this tariff bill at an early day—very sincerely so.
I am as much so, perhaps, as he is; but not hav-
ing been upon the special committee, having de-
clined that honor,! did not, perhaps, feel that
kind of paternal solicitude about it which the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island does. But with regard
to these appropriation bills, wc must pass them
at some time or other; and I hope wc shall pass
the bill which he suggests, or something like it.
I do not want to have any collision of opinion
even between him and me. We are on the same
committee. I feel a little more responsibility with
regard to these other bills than he does, 1 only
say, I will not place myself in the position of op-
posing anything that he and my other associate
on that committee [Mr. Cameron?] desire to do;
but I only say to them, while I will go with them
and will aid them, I think they had better not
push this matter in frontof the appropriation bills.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that I have
the honor of being a member of the Committee
on Finance, and as deeply and sincerely desne
that the appropriation bills should pass as any-
body can; but I think it is vastly more important
to push forward this tariff bill. As the Senator
from Rhode Island has justly said, it is important
we should have some money to pay out. The
other bills makeappropriations; but this bill fur-
nishes money to the Treasury, It has been here
now and put back out of its regular order for
three or four weeks. There is always some good
reason or other for having itnostponed; and if it
is left in this way, it may bo doubtful about pass-
ing it. There is no doubt about passing the gen-
eral appropriation bills. I believe but once in
the whole history of this Government has a single
appropriation bill failed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. WilFthe honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania allow me to make one
suggestion ?
Mr. CAMERON. I will; but I do not give up
the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire you to
yield the floor. It is simply this; that the Sena-
ator from Rhode Island should make his tariff
bill the special order for to-morrow at one o'clock;
and then, on the motion of the Senator from Maine,
we can take up the naval appropriation bill to-
night, which will cause it to come up as the un-
finished business to-morrow; and, after that is
disposed of, the tarifFbill will come up in order.
Mr. CAMERON. I will agree to that with,
pleasure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island
to take up the tariff bill.
Mr. PUGII. The Senator from Pennsylvania
says this bill has been three or four weeks before
the Senate. It was laid upon our tables printed
last Monday morning. It is a bill that proposes
to alter the whole revenue system of the coun-
try ; to change the entire method of taxation which
we have luid now since the year 1846; to interfere
!; with the system of warehousing as established*
, and heie, at five o'clock in the evening, with
baiely a quorum of the Senate present, it is pro-
;; poKcd to take that bill up,and make it the special
!' onler for to-monmv, and press it to a vote m od-
j \ance of the appropriation bills. I can tell the
ij Senator from Rhode Island he will make no speed
;! by this haste; but if he succeeds in his motion,
ij and gets it up to-morrow, there will simply be a
j| motion made to postpone it to a further day,
|| whereas, if he will allow it to remain until Sena-
tors who are opposed to this system can fairly
examine it, and fairly understand it, they will be
ready to debate it with him; and then, when the
question shall have been sufficiently discussed, it
can be voted upon. But he will gain nothing by
taking the advantage of a thin Senate to make it
a special order for to-monow; for, as soon as
there can be a full Senate, I shall move to post-
pone it, if nobody else does. We may just as
well let the thing stand. Neither he noi the Sen-
