TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
ator from Pennsylvania can pass that bill without
debate; and when I simply ask, for one, that a
bill which proposes to tax by the lineal foot and
the square foot and the cubic foot, and every other
imaginable contrivance, shall lie over long enough
for us to understand what is the amount and rate
of taxation put upon property, it seems to me an
appeal that ought to be regarded. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senator from Maine will get up the
appropriation bill; and, for my part, as soon as I
can, I Shall prepare myself to take part against
this other bill, or at least against the general prin-
ciples of the tariff.
Mr. SIMMONS. T wish merely t.o make one
suggestion. The Senator from Ohio says that this
bill is suddenly thrust upon him. It was before
the Senate a good part of last session. Every one
has had all summer to read it, if they choose to
read it and understand it. It was postponed until
the first Monday of December of this session. It
has been before the Committee on Finance five or
six weeks, and then it was referred to the sulcct
committee. Now I agreed to postpone the bill
until to-morrow at one o'clock, in order that the
naval appropriation bill might be taken up to-
night. I have not proposed to interfere with the
Navy bill; but I cannot make a motion here about
a bill, but what somebody opposed to the bill
wants to find out how to make a speech against
tt before it will come up.
Mr. PUGH. I want to find out what the bill
is. I want to find out what property is to be
taxed. lean understand taxing property accord-
ing to its value. We put that in a territorial bill
the other day; but taxing by the square inch I do
not understand.
Mr. SIMMONS. This bill has been reported
over a year. I hope the question will be taken.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us have the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
beg leave to suggest to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania that as soon as it is proper, that is, when
debate censes, the Chair will put the question.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. It is very evident there is not a quorum
present.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 4, noes 20.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn; but there is no quorum present.
Mr. FESSKNDKN. I will suggest that it is
perfectly useless for us to waste our strength in
disputing about this thing. There is no quorum
here, and no quorum can be got here. We can
take up no bill to-night if a division is called for.
Mr. SIMMONS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Then I move to take up
the Navy bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope not. There is not a
quorum present. Lotus adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion can
be entertained in the present conJition of the
Senate, except to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL, fmove that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 7, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CLAIMS UNDER SIOUX TREATY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the act-
ing Secretary of the Interior, inclosing papers
relative to certain claims under the Sioux treaty,
in response to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of December 24, 1860; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. MILLWARD presented sundry petitions
from citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of the
Union, the Constitution as it is, and the enforce-
ment of the laws; which were laid upon the table.
Mr. SPAULDING presented a petition from
sundry citizens of New York, in favor of the Crit-
tenden propositions; which was laid upon the table.
TERRITORY OF COLORADO.
Mr. GROW. I ask the consent of the House
that the bill from the Senate organizing the Ter-
ritory of Colorado be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. NIBLACK. I call for the regular order of
business.
PATENTS.
The House proceeded to the regular order of
business, being the consideration of Senate bill
(No. 10) in addition to " An act to promote the
progress of the useful arts."
Mr. NIBLACK. I think 1' said sufficient yes-
terday to explain the bill and the amendments as
reported at the last session. I now call for the
reading' of the amendments which I submitted
yesterday.
The amendments were read.
Mr. PHELPS. I have only had a short time
to examine the bill now pending; but I discover
that there is a proposition in it to increase the
salary of the Commissioner of Patents from $3,000
to $4,500. The same reasons which would call for
an increase of the salary of this bureau officer
would compel us to increase the salaries of all the
other bureau officers under the Government of the
United States. I doubt not that the duties of this
officer are very onerous andarduous in their char-
acter; but they are not more so than those which
devolve upon the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department, through whose officers all the
accounts of the expenditures of the Government
must necessarily pass. I cannot, therefore, sanc-
tion the bill with that provision in it. I also find
that there is a proposition to add to the number of
examiners and first and second assistants twelve
officers.
Mr. HOARD. We propose to strike that out.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, sir, I desire to enter my
protest against this increase of the salary of the
Commissioner of Patents; for if you increase his
salary, you ought injustice and equity to increase
the salaries of all the other bureau officers.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, the objections
made by the gentleman from Missouri were duly
considered by the Committee on Patents; and
after giving a careful consideration to the subject,
it was agreed by the committees of both Houses
thatan increase of the salary of the Commissioner
of Patents was in every way desirable arid proper.
This officer does not stand upon the same footing
as other heads of bureaus. The Patent Office is a
self-sustaining institution, and is no tax upon the
Government. Again, it requires the service of a
gentleman of peculiar qualifications to discharge
the duties of this office satisfactorily and well.
At the present salary, the office of Commissioner
of Patents is literally going a begging. You cannot
get any gentleman to hold the office for any great
length of time. Now,inasmuch as the office pays
its own expenses, we think it to the interest of in-
ventors, as well as to the public service, that we
should pay a salary which will command the ser-
vices of the very best man for such a place, and
also to place him in a position, so far as pay is
concerned, which will make him willing to occupy
the position permanently.
There is a general provision which must have
escaped the attention of the gentleman from Mis-
souri. That is, that in no event shall the expenses
of the office exceed its receipts; and in no event
can it be a tax upon the Government. If, there-
fore, it be for the interest of inventors and of the
country generally, that these officers shall receive
higher salaries, it cannot be an objection that it
would be a tax upon the Treasury. Nor does the
objection in regard to the salaries of other bureau
officers apply to this; because they are paid out
of the Treasury of the United States differently
from the manner in which these officers are paid.
Mr. PORTER. Will the receipts be adequate
to pay these increased salaries?
Mr. NIBLACK. So far as our information
goes, they will be sufficient, and will leave a sur-
plus besides, if the business of the office does not
diminish from what it has been several years past.
Mr. PORTER. Is there any provision made
in the bill for a deficiency ?
Mr. NIBLACK. There is not. There is at
present a large surplus in the Patent Office, held
there for general purposes. The Patent Office has
never been a tax on the Treasury of the United
States; and we provide that it never shall be. In-
asmuch as there is already a surplus to pay in-
creased salaries, the Committee on Patents think
it right and proper that a portion of it, at least,
shall be expended in this way. So far as the
librarian is concerned, we propose to increase his
salary from §1,600 to $1,800 a year. The office
of librarian is, perhaps, the third most important
office in the bureau, coming after those of the
Commissioner and chief clerk. His duties have
been greatly increased during the last throe years.
He is required not only to be acquainted with
modern languages, but to give translations of any
documents called for by the examiner. He has
also charge, by recent arrangement, of the copy-
right business. This has increased his duties;
and we think there should be a corresponding
increase of salary.
This salary question and the last amendment
are, we think, the only propositions that are likely
to excite discussion or opposition. The last sec-
tion is one of some importance. It proposes to
limit hereafter the extension of patents, and is
intended to cut off an extension of those mammoth
patents that have been extended in times past. I
am not myself prepared to say that the policy of
the section is clear; but a majority of the Com-
mittee on Patents, after giving the subject full con-
sideration, have come to the conclusion that there
ought to be some limit to this extension of pat-
ents, and have instructed me to report the section.
It provides that no patent shall be extended here-
after when the net profits of the invention shall
equal or exceed $100,000. If there bo any serious
objection to that section of the bill, and if it be
desired to have a separate vote upon it, I have no
objection.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Indiana tell me how much this increase of salaries
amounts to ?
Mr. NIBLACK. The bill increases the salary
of the Commissioner from $3,000 to $4,300 a year,''
that of the chief clerk from $>2,000 to §2,500 a
year, and that of the librarian from $1>600 to
§1,800 a year. That is all.
Mr. STANTON. X hope that a separate vote
may be taken on the increase of salaries. I think
the bill is a very valuable one, and one which
ought to be passed. But I do not want to have
it mixed up with an increase of salaries. I am
opposed to that entirely. I do not want salaries
increased; and I hope the committee will not em-
barrass the general law regulating the Patent Office
with a question about salaries. Let that go into
some othei bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. There is a difficulty about
that. The provision for the increase of the sal-
aries of the Commissioner and chief clerk is con-
tained in the bill as it passed the Senate. The
proposition for the increase of the librarian's sal-
ary is an amendment reported from the Committee
on Patents. We cannot, therefore, strike out the
proposition relating to the salaries of the Com-
missioner and chief clerk without interfering with
the original bill.
Mr. CAREY. What salary does the Com-
missioner get now?
Mr. NIBLACK. Three thousand dollars; and
the office is going a-begging. There is no regular
occupant of it; but it is handed about from one to
another.
Mr. CAREY. I believe that Government sal-
aries are generally much higher than they ought
to be; and, as one of the Republicans of the House,
1 protest, at the advent of a new Administration,
against raising the compensation of officers.
Mr. COX. One word in relation to my col-
league's remark about salaries. If my colleague
will send for this bill, and examine it, he will see
that there are additional duties to be performed;
and, of course, the salaries ought to be increased.
As to the salary of the Commissioner of Patents,
every gentleman in this House knows the respons-
ibility attaching to that office. We know, from
developments made in the public press about
this McCormick patent, of the responsibility at-
tached to the office, and which every farmer in
the United States affixes to it. Y/e know that a
man ought to be paid in proportion to the respons-
ibility and trust he assumes. I believe that no
man who is fit for that office can be had, uuless
the salary be increased. We had a distinguished
gentleman from Iowa—Mr. Mason—in the office;
hut he left because the salary was inadequate.
He could make double, or perhaps treble the sal-
ary by attending to his business, as patent agent.
As to the salary of the chief clerk, I know noth-
