1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL'
36m Cong....2d Sess.
State of .the Union—Mr. Simms.
Ho: oy^apgi
trict. From that day to this, the whole South
have united in one voice of protest against the
agitation of this question of slavery in the national
Congress. These protests have notbeen regarded;
and the result is, that wc to-day behold the fruits
of this agitation in a dismembered Union.
Now, sir, I propose to discuss thesejssues
frankly. I propose to discuss the principles of the
Republican party, as proclaimed by themselves
upon this floor, as proclaimed by their President
elect, and as illustrated by their votes in this
House. And to this end, I shall address myself
to gentlemen on the other side of this Chamber.
Nowsir,inpIain words,in honest words—with-
out any circumlocution of logic or party evasions,
mental reservations, or anythingelse that makes
up the capital stock in trade of small politicians,
trimmers, demagogues, hypocrites, mongrels, or
enthusiasts, either North or South, East or West—
what are the real issues between the anti-slavery
party of the free States, which is the dominant
party in those States, and the people of the South5
What are the causes of southern discontent?'
Who is right? Who is wrong? Let the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth, be told,
and "let justice be done, if the heavens fall." If the
South is in the wrong, let her fall. I will claim
for her no quarter, or extenuation. If right, let
her stand forever by the right. If the North be
wrong, let her recede. It is more just that she
should abandon the wrong, than that the South
should surrender the right.
1. The plain issue, then, is this: Domestic sla-
very exists in the southern States. It did exist in all
the colonies when the Declaration of Independ-
ence was declared. It existed in twelve out of
thirteen States when the present Union was
formed. The northern States that were parties to
the original compact, abolished it by selling their
slaves to the people of the southern Stales. The
people of the southern States claim the right of
property in their slaves; and claim that this right
is affirmed in the Constitution by express pro-
vision. The North denies this. The South ap-
peals to the decision of the Supreme Court. The
North denounces the court and spurns its decis-
sion, because it decided against them. The South
then inquires whether the North regarded slaves
as property, when, for twenty years, by an ex-
press provision in the Constitution, (made irre-
pealable for their benefit,) they reserved the right
to import them from Africa, flooding the southern
States with them; selling them with all the muni-
ments of title, and receiving a consideration, as
the purchase price for such property, in dollars
aud cents? The North prefers to waive this point
in the argument; memory is bad; circumstances
alter cases; no more money now to be made out
of the African slave trade;'nothing is right or re-
ligious but what will pay. The North—honor-
able men, sincere men; we are all honorable men,
sincere men; and if not, it is high time wc were
trying to be—cannot understand how any one can
bo so stupid as not to comprehend that the man
who sold slaves, that he then said was property
—gave title to them as such; received the money
for them as such; still retains the money as such,
but which he now says is not property, and never
was—is not a better Christian and a more honest
man than the dupe who believed what he said,
bought his property, and paid him the money for
it. The South—honorable men, cieduleus men,*
plain men—cannot understand how any man at
this day, who sold slaves as property, received
the money for them as such, and still retains the
money for them as such, can assume, reasonably,
any pious superiority over the one who still re-
tains the property thus bought and paid for, while
this money still jingles in the seller's pocket. The
South thinks that, if slavery baa sin, they who
would have their garmentsclean, who would stand
acquitted before Heaven and earth from all com-
plicity with it, cannot escape until they disgorge
the price of it.
These, sir, are the common-sense views of the
people of the South upon this subject. The North
cannot appreciate this style of argument. They
insist that common sense always was the enemy
of metaphysics, tianscendentalism, and house-top
righteousness; and that it is not fair or learned to .
dismount pretentious lo^ic, pampered pride, and [
vainglorious boast, with* plain and simple truth. I
New Reries—No. 14
2. The people of the South claim the right to
occupy, jointly with the people of the North, the
common Territories of the United States, and the
right to take with them their slave property, and
have it protected there, when necessary,under the
laws arid flag of a common Government. They
claim that the Government of the United States
was formed to protect every right of the Ameri-
can citizen tojife, liberty, and property; that when
their fathers entered into the Federal compact, it
was upon the express condition that they and
their children after them were not to be denied
any of the rights, immunities, and benefits of this
common Government.
The North makes no issue of fact upon these
propositions; but claims that slavery is in violation
of the Divine law and natural right; that it is not
recognized by the Constitution; that it outlaws
the slaveholder from the common protection of
the Government; that all men are created free and
equal; and it'the Constitution recognizes this right
of protection to slave property in the common
Territories, they will not regard it, recognizing
an obligation to a higher law than the Constitu-
tion, regulating their conduct.
3. The people of the South affirm that they have
the right to regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way; that they never have interfered
with the domestic institutions of the North; that
the people of the northern States have no just
right to assail their institutions in the national
Congress; no right to assail them by their press,
their pulpits, their legislative acts, and their party
organizations; no right to seek to degrade them
before the civilizcd world; that they arc entitled
to domestic peace; are entitled to be secure in their
persons and property against theft, lawless inva-
sion, and threatened insurrection.
The North replies that they do not regard sla-
very as a desirable form of civilization; that it is a
scandal and a blot upon our national escutcheon,
a sin, a wrong—morally, socially, and politically;
and as such, they wilt assail it in the national
Congress, in their press, their pulpit; and as such,
they will exclude it from the Territories, and
place it under the bail of the Government. The
privileges of a free press and free speech are never
to be surrendered; and by virtue of these privi-
leges they will establish ill the free State a public
sentiment hostile to it, whether it disturbs the
domestic peace, the security of life, liberty, or
property, of the people of the South, or not.
4. The North affirms that slavery is a sin, and
therefore the slaveholder is not a fit communicant
at the sacraments of a common religious faith.
The southern Christian replies, that holding com-
munion with men who evade constitutional obli-
gations they have assumed to perform under the
obligations of an oath, and who, in the name of
Christianity, undertake to shape a public senti-
ment that eventuates in lawless invasion of sister
States, the abduction of their property, and the
murder of their citizens, and finally the subvers-
ion of the Government itself, would not increase
their respectability or their happiness either in
this world or the one to come; and hence, upon this
point, they are content to abandon all religious
fellowship; but while they assent to this, they still
insist that when their property is stolen, or their
fellow-citizen^murdered upon their own soil, and
the offender flees to a noi thern State, they arc en-
titled to the tendition of the offender, upon legal
requisition, under the plain provision of the Con-
stitution. To this the North replies: ro incite
insurrection or rebellion in others, without invad-
ing the State in person, is nothing but constructive
crime; and to steal a negro is no crime at all; and
hence in neither case will the offender be surren-
dered upon any requisition whatever.
5. The people of the South say that, since they
and the people of the North cannot agree as it
regards their respective rights in the Territories,
they are willing to refer the whole question to the
Supreme Court; and if this is rejected, they are
willing to an equitable division of the same, se-
curing to each section their respective rights by
constitutional guarantees; and if this is rejected,
they are willing to withdraw in peace from acoin-
mon Government, and side by side with the North
pursue in honorable rivalry the great future before
tiiem.
To all these propositions the North replies, no.
They daelare that they hold slavery to be the great
dragon of the earth, " the sum of all -villainies;''
that it " must be limite4|o its present bounds;*'
"must bo amcliorateilf%iUBt be ovprthrtrwrf;'-"
" and must be placed wheYe the public mind will
rest'in the belief that it is iu the course of ultimate'
extinction;" and to .this end they witt-upea{t of
it, write of it, and preach of it, as they pies®;-,i
let the resXiHs be what they may. " You of the
South shall not judge of your own righto in this
Government, nor "shall the Supreme Court do it-
for you. We will not occupy jointly \frith you
the common Territories, nor will we divide them
with you. If yqu desire domestic peace, you
must surrender slavery. We will not interfere'
with it by legislation in the States where it exisls;
but while you retan#it, you shall neither live {li-
the Union in peace, nor shall you go out of it in.
peace; and whatever may be the obligations of
compacts or constitutions, we will not recogjpize-
itsocially,morally,orpolitically; and to this end
we declare that ' it is the duty of the Federal
Government to give freedom to every human be-
ing and interdict slavery wherever Congress has*
the constitutional power to legislate oir"the sub-
ject.' And further, that no more slave States
shall ever be admitted into this Union; and, while
we thus develop free institutions, and organize
and admit additional free States, as a necessary
consequence, we will, to that extent, destroy the-
power of the slave States, by surrounding them
with hostile communities to assail their institu-
tions; and thus and in this manner wo will drive
them inch by inch from their preseiit possessions,
until, ultimately, the slave and the slaveholder
will be driven and huddled together in the extreme
South, where a crisis will be reached and passed,
beyond which it cannot endure."
These, sir, are the issues between the North
and the South. These are the issues that have
worked a disruption of the Government; that have
rent asunder the ties of blood, kindied,and coun-
try. And here, upon a mere statement of these
issues, without argument or comment, the South
may safely consent to rest her cause, to await the
impartial verdict of all men and all history. There
never was an issue in which the right was more
clearly on one side, and the wrong on the other.
Shall the right bo condemned and the wrong be
vindicated? Never! never! God is just, sir; and
His providence will defend the right. Let us not
deceive ourselves. We are to-day deliberating
over the prostrate form of the Republic—stricken
down in the pride of its strength, as the very sin-
ews of its manhood were nervingitsarmsto grasp
within theircmbracc the continent. Stricken down
in the very mid-noon of its glory, it lies at this
moment the prey of conspirators and evil coun-
selors.
Sir, the guilty cannot escape the responsibility
of this terrible crime by shouting, in this-Hall,
treason! treason! The very men, sir, who for the
last two months have been loudest in tlieirdcimn-
ciations of treason and disunion upon this floor,
are the very men who have infused into our body-
politic the seeds of death. Anti-slavery fanaticism
and its advocates have betrayed the nation, and
history will so record it.
What, sir, are the vital leading and controlling
elements of the Republican organization? ft
moves, lives, and has its being in hostility to the
domestic institutions of fifteen States of the Con-
federacy. *
1. it was'conceived in opposition and hate to
slavery. It holds that slavery is the enemy of
the public good—is a wrong; that it is the duty
of the Government to provide for the general wel-
fare; and in doing this, slavery must be treated
as a wrong, and must be repressed as such.
• 2. To accomplish this end, in strict accord-
ance with their construction of the Constitution,
the Republican party hold, as a cardinal prin-
ciple, that the Government itself was organized,
upon an anti-slavery basis; and in now seeking
to place slavery, in the language of their XJresi-
dent elect, " where the public mind will lest in
the belief that it is in the course of ultimate ex-
tinction," they are but executing the original pol-
icy and purpose of those who formed the Govern-
ment.
To accomplish this purpose, and to inaugurate
this policy on the part of the Government, they
