210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
36th;Oong..,.2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Simms.
Ho. of Reps.
propose, first, to arrest the further spread of sla-
very into the Territories of the United States;
second, to deny to it the countenance and protec-
tion of the Government tfny where; third, expand
the power of the free States, so as to give them
the complete control of all the departments of the
Government; and, lastly, they propose, under the
plea of free speech and a free press, to attack it
as a crime, socially, morally, and politically, in
this Hall, in the Senate Chamber, upon the hust-
ings,, in their public journals, and from their pul-
pits; and thus, by all the appliances of popular
power and prejudice, a hostile Government, and
a sectional organization, they expect ultimately
to accomplish its overthrow.
Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to misstate or
misapprehend the positiontof the Republican
party. My object is truth; and if ever I desired
to utter it, or comprehend it, that is my purpose
now. The positions thus assumed by the Re-
publican party I charge to be by far the most
dangerous and ultra ever assumed by any politi-
cal organization in this country, in reference to
the long-contested issues between the North and
the South. The ultra Abolitionists have ever
made warupon this Government, because,as they
declare, the Constitution itself sanctions slavery.
To overthrow slavery,they have been for an over-
throw of the Constitution. To this end they have
declared it to be "acovenant with death, and an
agreement with hell.'5 They have never con tended
that slavery could be overthrown until tin* Con-
stitution sanctioning it wasoverthrown. Butthe
Republican party assume that the Constitution
•was formed to work its ultimate extinction; and
lience, in inaugurating a policy to that end, the
result may be accomplished within the forms of
the Constitution. It will thus be seen that the
Republican party,and the ultra Abolitionists that
vote with them, and act with them, seek the same
end, differing only as to the method by which
it is to be accomplished. Which of these posi-
tions is the most insiduous and dangerous to the
institutions of the South ? The first invokes the
powers of the Federal Government to the accom-
plishment of this end; the other admits that the
Government was ordained in confirmation of sla-
very.
But, sir, is it true that this Government was
established upon principles looking to the ulti-
mate extinction of slavery? If so, why wax the
first clause of the ninth suction of the first article
of the Constitution inserted in that instrument?
(i The migration or importation of such persons as nny
or the States now existing shall think pioper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prioi to the year IKk}."
Did the framers of the Government expect to
accomplish the ultimate extinction of slavery by
guarantying the foreign African slave hade to all
the thirteen original States, for a peiiod of twenty
years, by this clause in the Constitution ? Did
the mcmbersof the constitutional convention from
Mas&achusettsand other northern abolition States
understand this to be the policy and object of the
Government, when they insisted upon, and passed
oy their votes, this provision in the Constitution;
and not only this, but made it irrepealable by
even the people themselves for this period of twenty
years? Was the ultimate extinction of slavery to
be accomplished by flooding the States with thou-
sands and tens of thousands of foreign Africans
for this period of time ? Were the framers of the
Constitution so ignorant of the means of accom-
plishing this end, ofthe ultimate extinction of sla-
very, by adopting, as a means to that end, the
increase of the very thing they sought to destroy?
Wo, sir; such an idea and such a policy never
was entertained by the men who fiamed this Gov-
ernment and established this Union. That idea
and that policy is an invention of northern fanati-
cism; and to invest it with more power to woik
out its mission of wrong and injustice, its advo-
cates have sought to pervert the truth of history
to the consummation of this base end of aboli-
tion madness. Not content with this, they have
sought to implicate the very men who made this
Government as the first original conspirators,
who established a policy destructive of its peace,
fraternity, and duration. Sir, no forms of party
tactics, or honeyed phraseology, can conceal
from the people of the South the certain and ap-
proaching dangers with which the." art? menaced
by this insidious policy. It will be vain for the
advocates of this policy oil the other side of this
Hall to rise in their places and say that they do
not propose to interfere with slavery m the States,
when, m the very next breath, they tell us that
the leading and cardinal purpose of their party
organization is to reestablish the ancient policy
of the Government, which, as they avow, looks to
the ultimate extinction of slavery everywhere.
How is this ultimate extinction to be accom-
plished? Will it work its own overthrow with-
out the intervention of the Government? If so,
what necessity can there be in organizing a party
that merely looks to this end, without any inten-
tion of invoking the powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment to accomplish it?
Sir, beneath this declaration not to interfere with
slavery in the States where it exists by direct
legislation lurks the insidious intent to lull the ap-
prehensions of the people of the South until they
shall be powerless m all the departments of the
Government to resist the ultimate fate in prcpa-
tion for them. Now, gentleman of the Republi-
can party, you say' you do not propose to inter-
fere with slavery in the States by direct legislation.
How grateful tiie people ofthe South should feel for
this wonderful condescension. And how gladly
some few gentlemen from the South have availed
themselves of this declaration to become your
apologists upon this floor, and in that way, through
their speeches, speak in your behalf a good word
to their constituents. Behind to them, gentlemen
of the North. They are merely lingering upon
the brink. No one can toll where the next turn
of political fortune may land them. But answer
me this plain question: have the extreme Abo-
litionists of the Phillips and Gari ison school ever
contended that slavery in the States could be in-
terfeied with by Congress, without violating the
Constitution 5 When you propose not to do what
the extreme Abolitionists have never claimed could
be done, how much more conservative are you
than they upon this subject? Your President elect
says that he has always hated slavery as bad as
any Abolitionist. He is their President; and they
and you, bore and at home, vote together, and
form one party. You do the same thing they do;
and they (he same thing you do. Then what is
the dilfei unce between you ? But you say you do
not propose to interfere with slavery m the States.
No, sir. You only intend to confine it to its pies-
ent limits?, in a kind of political quarantine, as a
leprous curse, too infamous to blight with its touch
the Territories of the Federal Union.
You do not propose to interfere with slavery in
the States. No, sir. You only intend to sur-
round it by hostile States; to infest its borders by
uiids, conspiracies,and underground railroad ap-
pliances, until it is duven inch by inch from its
picsent possessions to the extreme sections of the
South, where starvation, mutiny, and insurrec-
tion, will save you the trouble of legislating for its
overthrow. You do not propose to interfere with
slavery in the States. No, sir. You only intend
to outlaw the slaveholder from the common pro-
tection of the Government, and fix a brand of in-
feriority upon his brow, so that he and it may
stand degraded before the world by the very Gov-
ernment instituted for the protection of both.
You do not propose to interfere with slavery in
the States. Oh! no, sir. You only intend to re-
fuse to admit any more slave States into the Union,
and thereby destroy the power of theSouth in the
Government, by making her powerlessand help-
less to protect and defend herself, as a mere ap-
pendage to be taxed to build up your industry,
and to support a Government that denies her its
protection.
You do not propose to interfere with slavery in
the States. No, sir. You only propose to show
the people of the South, how much you love them,
by holding them and their institutions up before
the world as the " sum of all villainies," and a
scandal to ail civilization.
Sir, when the principle is to be recognized *nd
permanently ingrafted upon the policy of this
country, that to own a slave, or reside in a slave
State, is to forfeit the protection of this Govern-
ment, and surrender the rights and equality of the
American citizen to enter, with his property, the
common Tenitones of the Union, the most fatal
step will have been taken, which must eventuate
in its ultimate extinction. No institution can
survive the legal odium of such a policy. And,
sir, for the South to assent to this policy would
be to consent to her own disgrace, and impiess
upon her own unsullied name and honor the
brand of shame and infamy. And will she do
it? Never, sir ! Never, by my consent! Never,
while shclias a weapon to wield or an arm to de-
fend! And, sir, if this infamous wrong is to be
consummated; if we are to live in this Govern-
ment, and be permitted to wear out a miserable
existence, with inferiority, disgrace, and shame
upon us, by the mere sufferance of a dominant,
hostile, and persecuting section m the North, it
were better, far better, that no son of the South
should survive such a dishonor of himself and
country.
But, sir, how is this policy to be carried out?
Who is to do it; and how is it to be done? It is
to be done, as I have already shown, by a sec-
tional organization, holding to principles in direct
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
as settled and determined by the highest judicial
tribunal of the land. Before the institutions of the
people of the South can be reached; before sla-
very can be circumscnbed to its piesent limits;
before the slaveholder can be excluded from the
Territories, placed under the ban of the Govern-
ment, and outlawed from his rights of protection
and equality, the decisions of the courts must be
trampled under foot, the Constitution violated,
and the very Government itself perverted fiom its
inn poses of protection to those of oppression.
Has this been done? Yes, sir. During the last
session of Congress, there was scarcely a mem-
ber of the Republican party upon this iloor who
did not proclaim publicly his determination never
to submit to this decision; and to place that in-
tention beyond all doubt, every one of them voted
to apply the principles of the Wilmot proviso to
all the territorial bills introduced by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.]
This, sir, was the first time in the history of
this country when the Constitution was boast-
fully and unblushmgly violated, to subserve the
miserable and corrupt ends of party. And yet,
sir, we are now daily told by these conscientious
gentlemen that they are sworn to support the Con-
stitution and enforce the laws; and to this end
they are determined to use the Army and the
Navy agamat t he seceding States. When it was
necessary to support the Constitution and enforce
the laws recognizing the rights and the equality
of the people of the southern States in the Terri-
tories of the United States, as defined m theDred
Scot decision, their conscience slept, their actions
were to be regulated by a higher law than the
Constitution they had sworn to support.
When it comes to murdering southern citizens
seeking to protect themselves, their families, their
firesides, their all woith living for, or worth dying
for, from their unjust aggressions, their con-
sciences impel them to this duty with a unanimity
never before surpassed in this House.
I will not undertake to assign motives for this
sudden conversion from the obligations of that
higher law, as defined alone in the anti-slavery
ethics of this day and generation. God alone
sir, can look into the human heart and fully com
prehend the dark and vindictive passions that
gather there. But when this fell purpose is to be
consummated by the inauguration of civil war in
this land, these motives will appear written in the
blood of slaughtered thousands. They will be
proclaimed in the wail of widowhood and the cry
of orphanage; and in that final hour, when the
hopes of this world are rapidly receding m the
distance, and those of another opening up before
us, they will " return to plague their inventors."
Now, sir, the JRepubhcan party, having tram-
plod upon the decisions of the Supreme Court,
and established itself upon principles in direct vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States,
what is to be the next step in this crusade against
the institution of slavery in fifteen States of the
Confederacy ?
Let us now assume that they have carried out
their policy in excluding slavery from all the Ter-
ritories of the United States: that they have lim-
ited its extension forever to its present boundaries,
and outlawed the slaveholder from the protection
of the Government, and fixed upon him and his
