1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
have been divided, by the electors of each district having
the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numer-
ous bianch cf the State Legislature. A majority of all the
eloctois in each of the four sections in this aitiele pub-
lished, shall be necessaiyto the choice of President and
Vice Piesident; and the concunence of a majonty of the
States of each section shall be necessary to ilie choice of
Pi evident by the House of Representatives, and of the Sen-
ator liom each section to the choice of Vice Piesid.'nt by
the Senate, whenever the right of choice shall devolve upon
them 1 espoctively.
Sec. 4. The President and Vice President shall hold their
offices each during the tenn of six yeais; and ncithei s-hji.ll
he eligible to more than one tern) except by the votes ot two
thirds of all the electors of each section, or of the States of
each section, vvhencvM thenghtoi choice of President shall
devolve upon the IIou>e of Ucpiccritatlves, oi ot the Sen-
ators from each section, whenever the risjht of choice of
Vice President shall devolve upon the Senate.
Skc. o. The Congroas shall by law piovide for the case
of a failure by the Ilou^e of It<j|>iesentativcs to choose a
President, ami of the Senate to choose a Vice President,
whenrvt'i the mtfit of choice t-hall devolve upon them ic-
spectivt !y,dcclai nig what officer shall then act as Pi evident;
and such oliiecr shall act accoidmgly until a President shall
he elected. The Congres- shall also ptovnlo hy law for a
special election for Piesulent and Vice Picsident m such
ease, to be held and completed withni months from the
expiration of the tenn ol office of the last pieccdmg fre-a-
doHt, and to be conducted in all respects a-? piovided lor in
the Constitution f<u rcgulai elections of the same officers,
except that if the House of Representatives shall not choose
a Pi csident, should the light of choice devolve upon them,
within twenty days tiom the opening of the ceuiricatesand
counting of the eloetoiul votes, then the Vice Pi evident --hall
act as Piesidcnt, as m the case of the death or other consti-
tutional disability of the Present. The term ol oiliee oi
the Piesident eho.-jcn under such special eh etion -'hall con-
tinue j ears liom the 4th day of Match preceding such
election.
Article XIV.
No State shall secede without ihe consent of the Lems-
latuios of all the States of the section to w neh the St ite
ptoposing to «ecedc belongs. •Th'1 President '-hail have
power to adjust with seceding States all questions an-uig
by leason of then secession ; but the teinis ot adju-tnuMit
shall be submitted to the Congress then appto\ ai heloie
the same shali be valid.
Article XV.
Neither the Concriess, nor a rJ'crntoiial Legislature shall
have powei to Inteiiere with the ught ot the citi/-en.> of any
ot the States within either of the sections to migrate upon
equal teim  with the citizensof the State* within eithei of
the othei sections, to the Tenitorie  ot the United States ;
nor shall cither have power to destrov or impair any
rights of euhei poison or property in the Tenitones. New
States annexed toi admission into tiie Union, or formed or
ciectcd within the juiisdietion ot other Stafs, oi by the
junction of two or more Stales, or parts of Stales, and
States formed with the consentof the Congiess, out of any
teiutoiy ot the United States, shall be entitled to admission
upon an equal footing with the oi urinal States, under any
constitution establishing a government i epnhlican in form,
which the people theieoi may oidam. whence ei such States
fchall contain, within an area ot not le-s than thmv ihou-
sand squaie miles, a population equal to the then evi-tiinj
ratio of representation for one number of the House of
iiepic&entativeft.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, then addressed the
House on the slate of Ihe Union, [ilis speech
will be published in the Appendix ] ky
Mr. SEDQW ICK. Mr. Speaker, I appruaW
the discussion of this subject w ith a profound im-
pression of its imparlance, and my inability to do
it justice. i fdiail waste none of the time of tins
House in any preliminary statements m regard to
this question. Three months ago, the people of
tins country were engaged in the discharge of a
most important political duty—the election of their
Cluef Magistrate. Tiie country was? in a condition
of profound peacc. Three months have passed,
and what now is our condition? We find six
States in actual rebellion against tiie Federal Gov-
ernment; we find that no property of tiie United
States within their borders is sacred: that they
have seized upon our forts and out arsenals; that
tb<*v have robbed the Treasury; that they have
sou'd public vessels; and that we aie menaced
by the actual levy and support of standing armies.
Even this Capitol, m which our dehberationsare
held,, is threatened. Seven other States, with
moie" or less of apparent sincerity, are threatening
that the firing of a gun in support of the laws of
the Union, shall be the signal of general hostili-
ties against the Government. No State seems to
lcjiovv that it is the imperative duty of this Gov-
ernment and of its executive officers to protect
and preserve the property which has thus been
ruthlessly seized. We see the men upon wjhom
we are to rely for our defense and the protection of
our property, the officers of our Army and Navy,
foigetful of the alls gtance which they owe to the
country, and of the solemn obligations of their
oaths, abandoning their tiusts. and accepting
office under separate and hostile Slates, as it that
were the merest discharge of high duty. So low
has tins Government falien, that the little State
of Florida, with less population than the congres-
sional district I represent, and far below it in all
that constitutes strength and greatness, is flaunt-
ing her banner in the face of the United States ;
and we are gravely told that a truce \ipon her
shores has been declared between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the hostile armies
assembled there.
But I shall not dwell upon this. I wish to
point to one other noteworthy event: that for the
first'time in the history of this country it lias
become necessary that the Federal capital should
bristle with bayonets in order to secure the peace-
ful inauguration of a President chosen at a con-
stitutional and lawful election of the people. 1
trust, sir, that that inauguration will take place;
that it wiii take place peacefully: that, at all events,
it shall happen at the time and place appointed
by the Constitution and the laws. I trust, with
that event, other characteristics of the Executive
will be inaugurated. I mean vigor, I mean courage,
1 mean moderation, which, while it demands no til-
ing but what is clearly light—submission to tiie
laws—will be satisfied with nothing less, and will
submit to nothing that is cleaily wiong. 1 trust
there will be brought into the executive mansion,
with that moderation and manly courage, the per-
sistency which always secures its ends. 1 tiust
that the man who assumes the robes of office will
feel that—
"The only real element of hick
Is genuine, solid, old Teutonic pluck."
If a little of these desirable qualities had existed
in the executive mansion three mouths ago, if the
President had had energy, foresight, and cour-
age enough to send reinfoicements to a single
j fortress m our waters, this difficulty would not
j now be upon us. The golden opportunity has been
J lost, and we are now driven by slow steps, by
painful processes, to regain what that ineonsider-
■iteness or cowardice has lost us.
Mr. Speaker, I am not one of those who believe
that all these dire events have sprung from trivial
causes. 1 do not subscribe to the philosophy
which teaches that events are ever disproportionate
to the causes that produce them. Let us inquire
what is the evil which we are called to consider,
and for which we are to provide a remedy. In
the first place, there is no pretense whatever that
there is any tyrannous or oppressive or unequal
legislation by Congress which is threatening the
destruction of any of these States, or any of their
prominent interests. That would bo tangible.
That was the ease which occurred m lb32, when
the_e'omplaint was of the operation of a specific
I art*, which law could be readied and modified by
/Cue action of ibe Federal Legislature. There is
no pi< ti use that thoie is any clause of the (!oii-
> stitution under which the lights or inteivsls of
| these seceding  States have been or can be assailed,
j Nobody claims tins. I believe, sir, upon the
subject ufsUuery, 1 am about as radical as most
people who have the honor of a seat here, and yet
1 never heard the man who pretended that, under
the Constitution of this country, the Federal Gov-
ernment could assail or touch, by legislation, the
rights of slaveholding States, or the sccuiity of
their interests, in any single particular. But we
are told that there are peisonai liberty bills, which
are a standing menace to the South. 1 venture to
way, that on the assemblage of Congress at this
session, there weie not ten men heie who could
| put their finger upon the law of a single State |
j winch they could say was a violation of the Con- !
j stitution. !
j Why, sir, I know something about the law of \
j the State of New York. It was passed ten years \
| before this fugitive slave law was passed. It was I
| passed because, as ail of us who are acquainted !
with the history of that State know, it was neces- ]
snry for the protection of the citizens of that State, j
There are those who hear me, who know that an ,
actual instance occurred where a free man was
twelve years under the lash and scourge of the
slave-duvcr—a man as much entitled to his liberty
j as any man in my State: and that these laws were j
' passed for the purpose of protecting our own cit- ;
i izens; and so far as they refuse to allow our offi- !
; cers to be engaged m any attempt whatever to j
! arrest fugitive slaves, they go upon the ground, ;
' and follow the decision of the Supreme Court of j
I the United States in the case of Pugg vs. Ponn- i
I syivaoia. !
S I will now show that this law of New York '
does not interfere with the execution of the fugi-
tive slave law. In the county in which I reside
a deputy marshal of the United States was in-
dicted under it, and brought to trial before a Re-
publican judge for executing'the process of the
United States, issued under the law of 1850, foi*
the recovery of fugitive slaves. On the trial he
put in evidence the marshal's warrant, issued by
the commissioner* under that law. The whole
subject was discussed in that court. He was
prosecuted with zeal and energy; but the Repub-
lican judge held that the marshal's warrant under
the fugitive slave law was full and ample protec-
tion and defense against any prosecution under
the State laws.
And so the fact was established by the decision
of that court, that whenever the law of a State
interferes with a constitutional law of Congress,
upon any subject however odious, it would not
be sustained, but be pronounced unconstitutional
and void. There is, then, no real difficulty in
this matter. And permit me here to say, that the
fugitive slave law requires no amendment at our
hands. Nobody has asked it. Sir, I believe I
have as low an appreciation of that law as a hu-
man being can have with limited faculties; and
yet I am willing to let it stand, a fit monument of
the madness of the times in which it was passed.
And when future historians shall come back to
our day to find the evidence of that barbarism
from which to date the progress of laws for his
time, he need go no further back than the fugitive
slave law of 1850.
But the real difficulty in regard to all this mat-
ter is, that theie is no loyalty anywhere to the
fugitive slave law, I care not where it is. The
South must be satisfied with a condition which,
from the nature of things and of man, cannot be
changed. In the first place, there is a physical
necessity of having a free State border. In the
next place there is a natural disposition upon the
paitof slaves to run; and although conscience
stands at one elbow, and tells them not to run
from kind, benevolent, patriarchal masters, yet
the fiend stands at the other elbow, and tells
them, in the persuasive language used to honest
Launcelot Gobbo,the servant of an olden Jew,
"Budge;" and the advice of the fiend, in this
irreverent age, will always prevail, notwithstand-
ing the beneficent and Christian character of the
institution from which he is advised to escape.
But there is another difficulty about this. There
is a trouble which cannot be overcome, m human
nature. It is the instinctive desire of every human
being who sees another fleeing from oppression to
help imn along m his com se. I care not who is the
man—it may be the chairman of the committee—
who desires a more efficient fugitive slave law; it
may be leaders of the Democratic conventions of
rioithern States, who say the South shall have
their constitutional rights, and who, just before
an election, will preach very fairly upon the sub-
ject of the fugitive slave law, but who, if a cap-
tive comes to their hearth at night, or early morn-
ing, will forget the obligations of party, forget
the binding obligations of the Constitution of the
United States, and, without inquiring too partic-
ularly into his history, tell the panting fugitive
that nearer the north star is the safer place for a
man of his color, and will help him with food,
money, and senp for his journey.
Again, Mr. Speaker, there is the territorial
question. I am not disposed to argue that at any
length. The admission of New Mexico, as a slave
State now, would not settle tho territorial ques-
tion. Nothing short of incorporating the Bieck-
inndge platform and the Died Scott decision into
the Constitution will satisfy the southern people.
Why ? Because New Mexico is a barren gift. It
is not desired; it is not desirable. It is a craving
for something beyond: the desire to establish the
principle, which, 1 believe, very few men of sense
in this House will consent to—that all after acqui-
sitions of territory shall follow the constitutional
right which they seek to establish for the present
Territories.
Now, sir, it is evident to my mind that all this
convulsion and revolution has not grown out of
the complaints hero presented,and for which the
committee of thirty-three have recommended rem-
edies. These remedies^tiierefore, however suf-
ficient and proper for the specific complaints, will
leave the real difficulty wholly unadjusted; and 1
am therefore opposed to them all. Some of them
