THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
I Blight give my assent to—some of the declara-
tory resolutions of the committee. They are
■eery proper as a declaration of sentiment in a pri-
vate caucus or in a town meeting; but they an-
swer no appropriate end here. They may be re-
pealed to-morrow. They give no security against
what may happen hereafter. They are desired
by nobody, asked for by nobody; and will have
no practical result. I therefore feel constrained to
vote against every measure of compromise which
has been offered.
Again: I think the day for compromises is past.
They have proved hitherto mere delusions, sus-
tained only so long as they did not stand in the
way of any favorite policy of a majority. Take
the most solemn of them all—the Missouri com-
promise of 1820; it stood while nobody was in-
terested in procuring its repeal; it stood tin til party
interest demanded that it should bo broken down;
and then, without regard to the sanctity of the
compact—an old compact, under which benefits
had been derived upon one side—it was remorse-
lessly stricken down. Thatactshocked the moral
sense of the people. I said then, as I say now,
that it removed the existing barrier between any
feelings which we entertained in regard to the right
of Territories south of that line to come into the
Union as slave States. It opened the whole ter-
ritorial question upon its merits. It enabled us
to $a,y, if slavery was good south of that line, it
was good north of that line; and it enabled us
also to say if it was a political, amoral, and a social
evil north of an imaginary degree of latitude, it
visas equally a political, moral, and social evil
sovjth-of that line.
I say again, that not a single Representative of
any southern State is able to give any assurance
whatever that the adoption of any of the meas-
ures recommended by the committee's report
would cither induce one rebel State to return to
its allegiance or secure the loyalty of a single one
which yet remains true to the Government. Who
is to say that when we have debased ourselves by
yielding to these compromises with slavery, that
a single State upon the other side is to be bound
by our action, or even influenced in any decisive
degree, by what we shall do here? Sir, it is a
dangerous principle to amend or abolish laws
under excitement, or from impulse, or from fear,
and much more is it dangerous to alter our organic
law—the Constitution. The proposed amend-
ment of the Constitution is to pacify a mere im-
aginary fear for the future, and lull apprehensions
of(jveats-which will never take place. It is not
necessary, for no one claims the power which this
amendment denies.
But if I am mistaken in all this; if it is impos-
sible.to say what may be the future complication
of events, and how it may affect us; if it is im-
possible to see that what looks like good now
may not prove hurlful to-morrow; if it should
turn out m the future that sumo two or three
of these States should desire emancipation, and
should desire to be aided in then- efforts by (he
General Government; you perceive that this
amendment, ties their hands, stilles their voices,
and prevents us from affording them the aid which
they may unanimously desne, until the remotest
State upon the Gulf is satisfied to allow them to
inaugurate and carry out a system of emancipa-
tion.
For these reasons, I am opposed to any alter-
ation of the Constitution. If this amendment to
the Constitution does give an additional guarantee
to the institution of slavery; if it does make the
task of emancipating the slaves in any State harder
and more difficult; if it protracts their bondage for
one single day in any State of this Confederacy;
then I am opposed to it upon principle; and I
would rather my right arm should drop from its
socket than to admit the principle that by consti-
tutional amendment, or by a legislative enact-
ment, you can add one single hour of slavery to
any human being on any spot of the earth which
God's sun visits.
Again sir: as to the New Mexican project, I
say that it necessarily cheats one side or the other.
I must use good, bold English in regard to this
matter, or I sha 11 not talk about it as I understand
it. It is offered, if the committee moan anything,
as a compromise, as a ci^icession; and although
men may stand up in their places and say that
they think New Mexico will be a free State, that
they think it will not come into the union as a
slave State, yet nobody can deny the fact that it
is offered to Ihe South as a concession—a yielding to
them of the Territories of New Mexico and Ari-
zona. The people of the slave States will so un-
derstand it. If they can be deceived in regard to
the purposes of the Republican party, spread out
as they are in the sun, so that the wayfaring man,
though a fool, need not err in regard to them; if
they can be made to believe that we are to assail
their institutions by Federal legislation; that we
are to attack them within the boundaries of the
States,—I ask if they are notcompelled to believe,
when you offer this to them as a measure of peace,
that they are to have it as a slave State, for their
property to go to, for them to establish their in-
stitutions in; and yet you will go home to the
North and say that, although we have yielded
what they demanded oil the subject of slavery in
the Territories by allowing them to bring in a State
already marked for slavery by an inhuman code,
such as few other States can show; although we
have done this, although we have consented that
a State may come into the Confederacy without
sufficient population, without the means of carry-
ing on a State government at all, yet we did it for
the purpose of deceiving the Sputh,and letting
them imagine thatatubwas thrown to the whale,
when, after all, we meant it as agilded and barbed
hook. I do not believe in such legislation as this.
[ do not believe it is honest. I do not believe it is
fair. I do not believe you can justify yourselves
in the face of an honest constituency for offering
a measure of this kind as a measure of peace.
Why, you know that whenever this State comes
here with a free constitution, and is admitted as
a State, you will be reproached for your perfidy;
and you cannot stand up in the face of outraged
southern constituencies "and say, we did not in-
tend to deceive you in this matter. It is impos-
sible that any honest man should do it.
Again: I am opposed to this measure, because
I do not desire to sec a competition for New Mex-
ico between the free and the slave powers of this
Confederacy. I do not desire to see again re-
peated upon this continent the fraud and force
and corruption of Kansas; the strife of emigration
—armed, contentious, vindictive, and sectional.
Hut it is said that it is only a small sacrifice-
only two hundred and forty thousand square miles
which this barbarous code of New Mexico covers
—which enables a man only over that small area
to scourge and stripe labor, and wring from it
unrequited toil; and it is very poor land at that.
Why, sir, I care not if, instead of twenty-four,
there was hut asingle slave upon that soil, I never
would consent to the admission of that State until
those barbarous laws were repealed. I never
would consent to it under any supposed obliga-
tion under the organic act of 1850, or any compact
anywhere. I say that New Mexico should come
before this Congress, or whatever Congress she
appioaches, for admission as other States come;
anil when she conies, she shall be tried upon her
merits. If she is found wanting in any of the
particulars which were so pertinaciously required
of Kansas, she shall not have admission to this
Union by niy vote or my influence. And yet, we
are entreated to yield this small Territory to sla-
very, and to settle this question upon that basis.
Commerce approaches us, and takes us upon a
very high lull, and shows us these broad and
splendid fields of cotton, with their rivulets of
silver, and the golden sunsets beyond, and asks
us if wo cannot give even this boon to satisfy the
South. Commerce would say, " CheattheSouth,
if you will; hut get the bill passed, and the Union
saved, and then start your emigration societies,
and your means for making it what you avow it
is your design to make it here on this floor—a
free State."
But I must pass from this topic. I am opposed
to compromise; because I believe the complaints,
as stated by the members of this committee to have
been brought before them, are utterly groundless,
and the proposed remedies puerile. It does not
touch the matter in controversy. And here my
learned friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
will pardon me for saying that I have read with
great interest his historical parallel to show that
a strong and proud nation should not despise even
trivial and groundless complaints. I do not so
read the history of the Revolution of our fathers.
I do not understand that they went to war upon
trivial and groundless complaints. I do not un-
derstand that that great contest was a mere con-
test about a three-cent duty on tea, or a stamp
upon paper, or a duty imposed upon window
glass; but I do understand it to have been a con-
test for a great principle, going to the very foun-
dation of organized civil society. I understand
that the Parliament of Great Britain asserted the
right, in all cases whatsoever, to tax, or, in other
words, to legislate for, the colonies, and this with'
out any representation upon their part; and that
they, ipjbucd with the true principles of English
liberty—the principle which established the right
of revolution at home, which led them abroad to
Holland, and again across the trackless waste of
waters to this country—contended for the ever-
living principle of freedom, that taxation should
be accompanied in all cases by representation;
that they contended for that principle, and that
submission to laws among freemen implied a voice
in their enactment. There is no lesson in history
which teaches tlmt compromise or concession to
the groundless demands or complaints of equal
States, not only fully represented, but with more
than an equal representation, based not only on
persons, but upon their property, and who have
exercised throughout all our history to the pres-
ent time a controlling influence upon our legisla-
tion and upon the foreign and domestic policy of
the Government, are to be dignified by a compar-
ison with the complaints of an oppressed people
who were denied all representation by those who
sought to govern them.
But we are told that the great Lord Chancellor
of England,
"The greatest, wisest, meanest of mankind,"
advised yielding something to discontentments.
Now, I think, witlj all due deference to superior
learning, that he never advised yielding to insolent
demands from a discontented people, nor yet to
change the British constitution and laws, to re-
move discontentments founded on no possible
rightful complaints. I hardly think that, at this
day, you will find a British statesman, of approved
sense and wisdom, who would advise concession,
a change in the time-honored constitution, and
a reconstruction in their laws, because the clans
of Scotland, asserting their ancient independence,
should again rally on their mountains, and come
down with arms, to demand guarantees for rights
which nobody threatened, relief from laws by
which nobody was oppressed, and security against
events which it was perfectly impossible should
ever happen.
But, sir, I am profoundly impressed with the
wisdom of the saying, that "the surest way to
prevent sedition, (if the times do bear it,) is to
take away the matter of it; for if there be fuel pre-
SPij^ed, it is hard to tell whence the spark shall
come that shall set it on fire." Tell me whence
comes the spark which has set tins country in a
blaze? What is the " matterof sedition " in our
day that should be removed "if the times do bear
it?" What is there, beyond these trivial and
groundless complaints, beyond these discontents
that appear 011 the surface? What is there in this
country, which is always amagazine, notmerely
of prepared fuel, but of the dryest powder, which
a single spark might explode^ to the destruction
of this whole Confederacy ? What is it that, in
the whole course of our history, has alone threat-
ened the liberty, the Union, the prosperity of this
country? What is it, that in 1811—nay, before
that—and in 1830, in 1832, in 1850, in 1860, has
been perpetually threatening the liberties of this
country? Does anybody wait for an answer?
Does anybody desire to know to what I point?
It is the institution of slavery, inwrought into the
very framework of our Government, covering .with
a black pall nearly one half of this Confederacy,
jealous of its rights, inflammable, unreasonable,
easily excited, with cause or without.
No , sir, we need fear no foreign war. "We need
fear no aggression from without. The armies of
the world may invade us. Our fortifications may
be in the hands of the traitors who have now
wrenched them from the Federal Government;
thoymaybe sunk in the sea, with our ships; and
yet, so long as the red school-house stands on our
hills, we are invincible, unconquerable by any for-
eign forcc, or any foreign element of power that
may be brought against us. But what is it that
is eating into our vitals ?, What is it that is cor-
rupting the very life-blood of the Confederacy?
Need 1 answer again, it is that accursed instil,u-
