1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GliGTBE.
■ 36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Simrns.
Ho. m Reps.
property when you sold them, and now, because
you can no longer make money out of the African
slave trade, do you propose to make up for this by
play mggrab upon all the joint territories purchased
as much by the blood of my children as yours ?
You had a monopoly of the slave trade for twenty
years. Does your avarice shape your conscience ?
If so, brother North, you may deceive men; you
may deceive your own children; because it is
their interest to be deceived; and if they are like
their fathers, they never will forget to urge their
conscience when a dollar is to be made. But you
cannot deceivc God. If slavery be sinful, you
still have the price of it in your pocket. Remem-
ber this: God is just." "But," says brother
North, " I have more children than you; we can
out-vote you,-and we will decide the question at
the ballot-box." " But," says Mr. South, "this
is the highwayman's plea. Where is your con-
science now? Does it sleep? And this, too, will
be a breach of our solemn covenant. How about
the money I paid you for your slaves?" " Cov-
enants," says Mr. North, " what care I for cov-
enants? I am a disciple of the higher law. I keep
no covenant, except that which teaches me to keep
all I have got, and fo get all I can; and, as to the
money, * I do not like this paying back; 'tis a
double trouble;5
u ( Honor pricks ine on.'"
"Yea, but," says Mr. South, <£how if honor
prick you off when you come on? how then? Can
honor set to a leg? No. Or an arm? No. Or take
away the grief of a wound? No. Honor hath no
skill in surgery then."
Mr. Chairman, there is a moral as well as wit
in these reflections. If you have resolved that
there is more power in the Army and Navy to
hold these States in unity and peace, than in fra-
ternal ties and public justice, and you have de-
termined to make the experiment with the seced-
ing States upon a point of honor, remember that
46 honor hath no skill in surgery." Instead of
this " trim reckoning" between bone of our bone
and flesh of ourflesh, I would commend the golden
rule, which will alike save your honor, theirs,
and ours.
What kind of an honor is that which demands
a brother's blood? If successful, will it compen-
sate for the ruin you have brought upon your
country? If defeated, what plea will you make
before men and high Heaven with the blood of
your brother upon your hand ?
Mr. Chairman, if every proposition for an ad-
justment should fail, I know of no one upon this
door who will have contributed mure to that re-
sult than the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Etheridge.] He has announced in this House
that he will take the Crittenden proposition; if
he cannot get that, he will take his own proposi-
tion; if he cannot get that, he will take the report
of the committee of thirty-three; and, if he can-
not get that, he will take nothing, and go home to
put down all discontent in the South by power
and by the sword. Now, sir, in my judgment, any
gentleman from the South who takes that position
is the worst enemy of the Union upon this floor.
Will the States that have withdrawn from the
Union ever return, unless you adopt such an ad-
justment as will induce them to return ? Never,
never, sir. Can it be expected that the North
will grant anything, when southern Representa-
tives will be content with nothing. Sir, there is
no power that can force the Republican party of
this House to accept the Crittenden proposition,
with declarations like those uttered by southern
men upon this floor. What is to be the effect?
The effect, sir, will be to confirm a disruption of
the Union, or to deliver the South over, bound
hand and foot, to her enemies.
Mr. STOKES. I desire to correct a misappre-
hension. I hope the gentleman from Kentucky
will not refuse me that privilege.
Mr. SIMMS. Certainly not, sir.
Mr. STOKES. My colleague stated here in
his place that he would vote for the Crittenden
proposition; that he would vote for the border-
States proposition; that he would support the prop-
osition presented by the chairman of the commit-
tee of thirty-three; .that, if he could not get that,
rather than see the Union severed in twain he
would take nothing and go home, and stand be-
fore the people with the Constitution in one hand
and his sword in the other, to fight for the Con-
stitution and Union. And I will say to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that the very best men we
have in the State of 'Tennessee will hold to that
doctrine rather than see the Union destroyed.
Mr. SIMMS. I do not see what misapprehen-
sion the gentleman has corrected. He has said
his colleague stated precisely what I imputed to
him. The great difficulty with the gentleman and
his colleague is, that they do not seem to know
that the Union is already divided. It is not a
question to maintain the Union as it is merely;
but to restore it to what it was before its dismem-
berment. Docs not the gentleman know that the
withdrawing States have already organized a pro-
visional government; that it is not only a govern-
ment defactOt hut also de jure ? Does he not know
that the people who have organized this new gov-
ernment will stand by it to the death; that they
never will enter the federal Wnion again except
upon a satisfactory adjustment of existing diffi-
culties? Does he expect to accomplish this ad-
justment by telling the people of the North he
will be satisfied with nothing? Does he expect
to get what he wants by surrendering what he
claims upon this floor? And will it""mend the
matter any to go home with the Constitution in
one hand and his sword in the other, to descant
eloquently upon some stumpbefore the yeomanry
of Tennessee? This is the place, sir,to contend
for the rights of your section. Do not surrender
them, and then talk of going home with the Con-
stitution in one hand and the sword in the other.
As for Kentucky, she will never compound her
rights with her enemies—surrender them here,
and talk of going home to do this or that. Her
people demand that her rights and honor be main-
tained here upon this floor, and the Represent-
ative of hers who would betray her m this hour
will meet her scorn and contempt.
Mr. clark, of Missouri. I move that the
time of the gentleman be extended.
Mr. SIMMS. lam obliged to the House.
Mr. Speaker, whatever may have been the
misfortunes of our country, there is one class of
our fallow-citizens who will stand acquitted be-
fore Heaven and earth. 1 mean the brave and
true Democracy of the North. For years, long
years, they have stood m the breach in resistance
to fanaticism with a devotion and courage worthy
of the crown of martyrdom. They have fallen
at last, " but they have fallen with their backs to
the field and their feet to the foe."
Mr. Speaker, is there any gentleman upon this
floor who believes for one moment that the mere
power of a paper Constitution can hold this Union
together, or that the sword can reconstruct it
when dismembered ? Sir, this Government was
not formed by force. It can never be maintained
by force. It was the voluntary creation of sov-
ereign States. It sprang into life and being by
the voluntary acts of the States ratifying the Con-
stitution that formed it, and it can only endure
while it is their voluntary choice. It is not up-
held by, nor is ir dependent for its duration upon,
any inherent power of its own. The blessings
it confers upon the millions subject to it, create
its strength. They repay its protection with
affection and loyalty. These, sir, are the pillars
of its strength. They will endure forever, while
your Government is just. Deny this, and you
sap the very foundations upon which it is con-
structed.
Sir, it is in vindication of this principle that the
rightofrevolution underlies all free Governments.
This right I hold to be imperishable and inde-
structible. None but tyrants and despots have
ever denied it. It has been assorted by every civ-
ilized nation upon the habitable globe. It has
overturned principalities and powers,and remains
to-day where God placed it—in the unfettered
arms and brave hearts of every people resolved to
be free. This plea against the rightof revolution
was the plea of Charles I, when demanding sub-
sidies from the toiling millions to fill the coffers
of a corrupt Court. It was the pica of George III,
seeking to rivet the chains of despotism upon the
colonics o** America. Yet the principle was as-
serted in both cases. It brought the head of
Charles to the block, and released the infantlimbs
of the colonies from the thraldom of British power.
For the time, sir,armed legions: m&y trample ~
upon it, but it will spring into life again with
every new necessity, while a singleinspiration of
Divinity, manhood, or honor resides in the human
breast. Every age has its Brutus, and the cause
of the chaste Lucrecc still survives the wreck and
fall of empires. If you would avoid devolution,
so act as avoid Its necessity. The question be-
fore us to-day, stripped of all rubbish and meta-
physical jargon, is simply one of fact. It is,
first, peace and reunion; second, peace and sepa-
ration; or, third, separation and war. Disguise
it as we may, these are the only issues upon which
we are called to act. If we preserve peace, we
preserve every chance of a reconstruction of the
Union. If we resort to war, we will wickcdly
throw away every such chance, and forever con-
firm the present disruption of the Government.
But you say you desire only to enforce the laws.
Sir, this plea ofenforcing the laws, means war in
this instance, and it means nothing else. Why,
then, not call it by its proper name?
Then, sir, which or the alternatives will we
accept—peace and reunion? Will you reject this,,?
Separation and peace. Will you reject this, too ?
If so, then you mean to force upon the people of
the South the third alternative; which means sep-*
aration, and war to the knife, to death, to exterm-
ination.
Mr. Speaker, is this the solemn resolve of the
North? Will nothing less than southern blood,
or an unconditional and disgraceful submission to
your unholy wrongs and aggressions upon our
rights and equality,appease your purpose? Then
let it be so; but before you take this final step,
let me here in my place, as the Representative of
a-people who never quailed before the storm in
the darkest and most trying hour of the past;
who never faltered in their devotion to the Con-
stitution of the country, or turned their back upon
friend or foe, enter before the world and high
Heaven my solemn protest against this act.
1 believe, sir, that I reflect the sentiment of
every manly heart upon the soil of Kentucky,
when I say,in anyalternati've,givcus peace, we
have weapons, we have strong arms and brave
hearts, but, sir, they are for our defense, for our
enemies abroad, and not for the murder of our
brothers and kindred. Do not, then, force this
issue upon us. If you do, I tell you now, before
God and the universe, we will be guiltless of the
calamities you will bring upon our country. If
still your purpose is inexorable, I tell you now
by that act you will have broken the last link that
binds this Confederacy together, as between the
States of the South and the North. You will have
done more than that. You will have dug a gulf
between them where nothing but hate, but re-
venge, will cross, wide as that which intervenes
between right and wrong, between freedom and
slavery. And still worse, and more than this,
you will have done. You will have performed'
but the first act in the bloodiest tragedy the world'
has ever seen. Brennuslike, you will have thrown
your sword into the scale, and demanded that
southern blood and southern hearts shall weigh
it down to satisfy your injustice, your vengeance,
and cupidity. And, sir, when that day comes,
(and come it must if force and coercion is to be the
policy of this Government,) the last ray of adjust-
ment and union will have faded away, and the
cause of the South will become a common cause.
J)id God, in his providence, bles's us with this
fairest possession of the earth that we might grow
up in it, to our present power and position among
the nations of the world, for no other purpose than
that we might show our skill in butchering each
other, and thereby prove ourselves the vilest in-
grates that ever flourished upon his bounty or in-
sulted his providence? God forbid that we should
do this thing. Sir, if this is to be our last act in
the great drama of human events, let the histo-
rian refuse to write Let us be accursed and
forgotten among the nations of the earth. Sir, I
undertake to speak forKentucky at this moment.
Her voice is for peace, for conciliation. She de-
mands an adjustment of existing difficulties alike
just and honorable to every section. She demands
for herself and her people their life, their liberty,
their property, justice, protection, and equality
tinder the flag of the Union, wherever it floats
If these just expectations are denied her, she then,
