.214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Morris.
Ho. op Reps. •
with Weeding heart and earnest purpose, demands
that, while fraternal ties are breaking, and the
word fareweii stiil lingers upon kindred lips,
you shall not commence the work of slaughter und
8eath. Sir, in her name I demand this; and if you
refuse it, remember, when our land is rent by fac-
tions; wifcn we shall scent the tainted air of the
battle field; when we shall behold that flag, once
the emblem of our united affections, waving above
the bloody sod and the death-strewn deck, where
slaughtered kindred lay one upon another in
" moWering heaps:" remember then, and in that
hour, that the voice of Kentucky was for justice,
equality, and peace.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. E. JOY MORRIS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 30, 2861.
The House having under consideration the leport Horn the
select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, said:
Mr. Speaker: Great as are the perils by which
the Union is surrounded, I cannot permit myself
to believe that they are insurmountable, unless
we are destitute of the viitues to which it owes
its origin. I trust that wc are not so much es-
tranged by sectional animosities, as to be unable
to agree on some plan of conciliation for the pres-
ervation of the Union. Convinced,as I am, that
there is no just cause for the present troubles, and
least of all in the election of Abraham Lincoln to
the Presidency, I am, nevertheless, disposed to
assent to any honorable plan of settlement which
shall secure permanent peace between the two
great sections of the country.
Our ancestors deemed no sacrifices too great to
secure the Union of the States under the present
form of government. "When the constitutional
convention met, it was found that the interests of
the free and slave States were conflicting, and
that, unless mutual concession was madf\a united
Government could notbc established. Commerce
was the great interest of the northern States, and
slave labor that of the southern States Under the
then existing confederation, each State had its
own commercial regulations, which rendeied them
as foreign one to the other, for the puiposes of
trade, as were the kingdoms of Europe to them
all. The removal of these obstacles to commercial
intercourse was one of the chief causes which in-
fluenced the people of the sea-board States of the
North in favor of Union. If the exclusive power
to regulate commerce could be assigned to Con-
gress, the prosperity of these States would be
secured beyond doubt.
When this question came upforconsideration,
the members from the southern States refused to
entertain it unless a reciprocal concession should
be made to their interests. Mr. Rutledge ex-
pressed his willingness to support the clause giv-
ing Congress power over commerce, on condition
that the subsequent clause, that" Congress shall
pass no law prohibiting the immigration or im-
portation of" negroes, should also be agreed to.
Mr. Charles Pinckney said:
" The power or' regulating commerce is a pure conces-
sion on the part of the southern States."
Mr. C. C. Pinckney said:
"It is the true interest of the southern States to have no
regulation of commerce."
An issue was thus directly made between the
commercial interests of the fforth and the labor
interests of the South. Mr. Pinckney said:
Pouth Carolina can never receive the plan, if it pro-
hibits the stave trade."
Mr. Rutledge, of South Carolina, said:
"If the convention thinks that Nortii Carolina, South
Carolina, and Georgia, will ever agree to the plan, unless
their risjiit to import slaves be untouched, the expectation
is vain.57
Mr. G. Morris, of Pennsyl vania, proposed to re-
commit the clauses relating to taxes on exports,
arid to a navigation act, ".with a view to a bar-
tain between the northern and southern States."
Ir. Ellsworth, of Connecticut, in the same spirit
of compromise, said:
" Let every State import what it pleases. The morality
or wisdom of slavery are considerations belonymg to the
States themselves What enriches a part enriches the
whole; and the States are the best judges of theii particu-
lar interest."
Mr. Sherman, of the same State, said:
" He disapproved of the slave trade ; but did not think
the public good lequired that the proposed scheme of gov-
ernment should interfere with the rights of the States to
import slaves. It was better to let the southern States im-
port slaves than to pait with them, if they made that a sine
qua non."
This struggle led to a compromise between the
North and South, by which the foimer gained for
Congress exclusive power over commerce, and
the latter the toleration of the African slave trade
for twenty-one years—to 1808. The rapid growth
and present extension of slavery in the United
States is chiefly owing to the importation of slaves
during this period. At no subsequent time has
slavery increased at such a ratio as between 1787
and 1808, as is demonstrated by the following
table of the progress of the slave population from
1789 to 1850, showing the increase per cent, in
each peiiod of ten years:
Noitk Carolina. South- Carolina, Georgia.
1790 to 1800  32 52 3*3 46 102.99
1800 to 1810 *26.65 3-1.45 77.12
1*10 to 18.20 21.43 31.62 42.33
1800 to 1830 19.79 22.62 45.35
1830 to 1840  0.08 3.68 29.15
1840 to 1850 17.38 17.71 35.85
The part of the compromise relating to the slave
trade was adopted by the votes of New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Maryland,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia—ay, 7.
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Virginia—
noy 4. Mr. Madison foresaw the evils to result
from the extension of the slave fradei and he is
reported as saying, in the convention, that twenty
years would produce all the mischief apprehended
from the slave trade. The necessity for union,
however, was so pressing, and such vital interests
were at stake on its adoption, that the New Eng-
land States, where the hostility to slavery has
always been the strongest, were willing to render
certain its permanent establishment m the coun-
try rather than risk the loss of the Union.
J infer, Mr. Speaker, to this passage in our his-
toiy, to show of what importance was a Union of
the States in the estimation of our ancestors, and
to what extremes they were willing to go to se-
cure it. if, sir, 1 now avow that 1 am willing to
make all reasonable compromise and concession
for the maintenance of the Union, 1 am only fol-
lowing the example of the wise men who framed
the Constitution of the United States. Had they
refused to compromise antagonistic views and in-
terests, the Union could not have been formed.
In my opinion, if we obstinately resist the adop-
tion of conciliatory measures, the Union stands
in imminent danger of dissolution. I know, sir,
flint in urging this policy, I shall run counter to
the prejudices of those who regulate their action
exclusively by party platforms, arul,not by the
interests of the country. For my part, 1 will
never subordinate the existence of the Republic to
the behests of party, or the dicta of mere politi-
cians, who would rather see the Union pet ish than
deviate n point i'tom the party creed. The voice
of the country, in this hour of extreme peril, rises
above the clamor of contending factions, and ap-
peals to us with an impressive emphasis that no
man with a patriotic heart can resist. Tiiat sum-
mons I obey; and, regardless of personal conse-
quences, I shall pursue what I deem to be the path
of duty and honor.
I need hardly say, sir, that I have no sympathy
with the assumed nght of secession. It has no
justification in factoi constitutional construction.
Our ancestors had gone through the experimental
trials of colonial confederations, the continental
Congress, and aconfedcration of sovereign States,
and they had found them all unavailable for the
purposes of a solid, substantial Union, and a grand
permanent Government. After all these trials,
they came to the conclusion that it was necessary
for the States to surrender a part of their inde-
pendence, for the purpose of obtaining the pro-
tection of a General Government, which should
represent the aggregated States to the world as a
political unit. This object was attained in the
Constitution of the United States.
In the Articles of Confederation, each State
(see art. *2) retained its sovereignty. In the Con-
stitution no such reservation is made. The former
system was a league of States for mutual defense
and welfare. It was intended to operate on the
States as such, and not on individuals. The lat-
ter is not a Government of the States, but of the
people. Article three of the Articles of Confed-
eration, says:
"The said States hereby severally enter into a film league
of friendship with each othei," &c.
The preamble of the Constitution says:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to form
a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, piomote the
general welfaie, and secure the blessing* of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution foi the United titates of America."
Formed by the people, the whole people, of the
United States, its existence is dependent on them,
and not on the States; and it can only be dissolved
by the power that gave it birth. States may pass
ordinances of secession, but they cannot over-
throw the fabric erected by the source of all po-
litical authority in this country—the people.
The imbecility of the Confederation was owing
to its dependence on the States, the assent of nine
being requisite to carry into effect the most im-
portant powers of Congress. Until this assent
was obtained, money could not be borrowed or
appropriated, war could not be declared, treaties
formed, nor money coined. In an important cri-
sis, when the £ite of the nation might depend on
the prompt and independent action of the central
Government, it was in the power of a single State
to arrest its movement. The perils of such a de-
pendence were so great, and the want of power
for all practical purposes so evident, that a strong,
self-sustaining national Government could not be
said to exist. In order to establish such a Gov-
ernment, the Constitution rendered the Federal
Government independent of State control, and
capable of executing its own decrees. It ex-
pressly declares, in section two, article six, that—
"This Constitution, and the law* of the United States
wlneh shall be made in puisuance thereof, and all treaties
made or which shall be made undet the' authority of the
United State?, shall be the supreme law of the land, and
the judjre-; in every State shall by bound thereby, anything
in the constitution or lawsoi any State to the contiary not-
withstanding."
It is absurd to attempt to justify secession by
the Constitution, when that instrument is made
the supreme law of the land, and the executive
and judicial officers of the States, as well as the
Legislatures thereof, are bound by oath to re-
gard and obey it as such. Its action cannot be
arrested by State authority; and the States are
suboidinate powers. If any one State could ob-
struct its operations, the purposes of the Union
would be frustrated,and the Federal Government
would be shorn of its legitimate power, and re-
duced to a condition of vassalage to the States.
Its laws could not he supreme if they could be set
at defiance by the States. To admit the suprem-
acy of the Federal power, and to claim for the
States the right to control or override it, is so
glaring an absurdity, that it needs only to be
stated to be admitted. The States are expressly
restrained by the Constitution from invading the
sphere of the Federal Government, or usurping
its functions:
uNo State shall, without the consent of Oongre-s, lay
any duty of tonnage, keep tioopi or >hip>-of-war in time of
peace, enter into any agieement oi compact With another
Staf, or with a foreign Power, oi engage m war, unless
actually invaded, or in «.uch imminent'danger as will not
admit of delay.5*—Sec. 10, Art. 1.
The Constitution was intended to fonn " a more
perfect Union" than the Confederation, the chief
defect of which was the paialyzm^ power of the
Statesover the General Government. If secession
and nullification are to be tolerated, instead of
being "a more perfect Union," it will be more
impotent than the Confederation itself. The pres-
ent Constitution was not limited m duration, or
its existence put at the mercy of any inferior au-
thority, but it was made for all time to come—in
the words of the preamble—" for ourselves and
our posterity." No State can withdraw from the
Confederacy without violating the plain intent of
the Constitution, and committing a most flagrant
breach of faith. Having embarked our fortunes
in a common bottom, any Stale which breaks the
Union jeopardizes the welfaie of the whole fra-
ternity of sister States, and justifies armed resist-
