1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.T99
this way more conveniently and more fully than
I could by writing; to them individually.
It is natural, Mr. Speaker, on all groat ques-
tions, for men to differ. Admit that all men are
equally honest and intelligent: there appears to be
a kind of fatality in mankind; and in the most im-
portant questions where the interests of the whole
country are involved, agreat many different opin-
ions prevail as to the mode and manner in which
the disease should be treated. I am precisely like
other men in some respects; and, where I differ
from others, I do not claim that I am positively
right. I am willing to give every man the right
to think and act for himself, and he must be re-
sponsible for his acts, as I expect to be respons-
ible, not only to my constituents and tc^my
country, but to my God, for my acts 1 loro and
elsewhere.
There is not a man here, or in the country, who
feels the importance of the times more than I do.
There is no man in the country that has greater
icason for attachment to this country than I have.
I am one of the oldest men in the House of Itep-
lesentatives. I went into the wilderness when I
was a boy—less than six years of ago; and in that
Territory, where there were then but twenty-five
or thirty thousand inhabitants, there are now more
than nine million people. I have probably wit-
nessed as great physical improvements m the
country as any man will ever live to see—1 mean
in the physical developments and resources of the
country. I was brought up from the cradle to
look upon the Government of the United States,
and the Union of the States, as of the utmost im-
portance to the people under it. I have believed,
until within a few months, that it was strong, and
that there was no party and no set of men that
would be able to break it down in this age;r<nd
I so remarked more than a year ago in this Cap-
itol; but, to my astonishment, 1 see now what I
supposed would requue centuries to bring about
in this Government. I have seen that species and
degree of wickedness and corruption growing up
in this new and mighty country, which few Gov-
ernments have ever before witnessed; and I in-
tend, in my remarks, to endeavor to trace the
causes which have produced the present state of
thingsin the country. Ishallnotaim—it would be
nonsensical for me to aim—to depict these causes
with anything like eloquence. Public speaking
has not been the habit of my life. I have been
accustomed to look with interest upon t4ie con-
structions which have been put upon the admin-
istration of the Government of my country, i
was raised to believe that an honest administra-
tion of this Government was of more importance
to the people than any other thing.
There never was a difficulty between private
individuals, and there never was a neighboihood,
county, State, or national quarrel, in which the true
causes which produced it were not almost always
kept out of sight. You will find that, when the
feelings get enlisted, and becomc alienated, every
pretext is seized upon to heighten, to extend,
to intensify the interest of the people. That is
precisely the case now in this country; but there
is not a question of difference now 'between the
North and the South which could not be settled
without difficulty if you would take the ordinary
course you pursue to settle difficulties between in-
dividuals when they come in conflict. You have
a constitutional Government which, as I have told
you, I have learned to admire so much. But has
the constitutional power of this Governmentever
yet been resorted to to settle any question of diffi-
culty which has arisen in this country? The
Constitution has been been kept out of sight, and,
instead, you have made new compromises and
concessions. What has been the consequence of
that course? Now, tins slavery question, which
is called so almighty in this countiy, would be
found to have nothing in it, to any extent you
can push it, if you would only pursue, in relation
to it, the course you pursue in reference to set-
tling ordinary individual differences But, unfor-
tunately for this country, it has become a political
element, and the atmosphere of the politics of this
country is, at this time, as corrupt as corruption
c.m make it.
I will now, sir, say a few words in reference to
this delicate question of the admission of Terri-
tories as States. There is not, under anybody's
construction of the Constitution, a single difficulty
that can arise between those who wish to bring
a Territory into the Union in any part of the
country, if you will take a proper view of it. I
was taught to believe that Congress had no right
to dictate to a State seeking admission into the
Union what should be the provisions of her con-
stitution; and even if Congress had such power,
no man denies that the State would have a right,
as soon as it became a State, to form its own in-
stitutions. All our difficulties upon this question
have grown out of the fact that we have not le-
lied upon the Constitutioroof our country. I rec-
ollect the controversy that commenced in 1819 as
well as if it were but yesterday. I know all about
the feeling then. I have passed through many of
the crises growing out of this slavery question,
and I have never seen the necessity for the intense
excitement which has prevailed. I believe that,
in the organization of this Government, it was
distinctly understood that the extension of slavery
was to be suppressed. That was the rule adopted
in the early history of the country; and we never
had any difficulty on the srubject until 1820. No
one ever doubted the right of Congress to govern
the territory northwest of the Ohio river. It is
the departure from the practice of our ancestors,
the intermeddling with the provisions of the Con-
stitution by adopting compromises, that has
brought us into our present condition.
What, in the name of God, did we establish the
Constitution for, if, the moment we got into a fever-
ish and excited state like the present, wo aban-
don it, and makeplatformsand planks on which we
may crawl out of these difficulties ? Suppose the
Legislature, called together under the constitution
of aState to make laws, were to say to the people,
"you are supreme; we will just let you do as you
please; and every time you have any difficulty,
wc will give you a compromise:" would you be
willing to live under a government under which
life and property had no more security than that
which depends upon caprice and the excitement
of the moment? No man can enter a government
without surrendering some of Ins individual rights
to the public interest; and he is very well paid, let
me rell you, if ho has the laws properly and fully
executed. Now, 1 say that there is no question
now befoie the country which cannot be better
settled by the Constitution, and the constitution-
allyorganizedcourts,than by anything weeando
in this body.
Now, sir, I believe that a great, deal that has
been said here since 1 have been in Congress has
done more harm than good. 1 believe that, if you
would leave this question to-day to the people,
they would settle it much quicker than we can do
it by attempting to legislate upon the subject.
But look, Mr. Speaker, at the peculiar and
extraordinary position of the country on this im-
poitant question, llere is the party known as
the Republican party. I ask you whether that
party has ever had any power to control this
Government? I ask you if they have ever been
able to pass a solitary law in the Congress of the
United States? I ask you if the Government has
not been m the hands of the self-constituted Demo-
cratic party—a conservative party if you please?
Now what condition do we find the drovernment
in? Prostrate at the feet of traitors; and the first
thing we find on our arrival here is a demand for
concessions fiom that paity which has never had
power and has nothing to concede; and at the mo-
ment these concessions are demanded, the traitors
who make the demand, and their accomplices, are
seizing the. forts, custom-houses, and public prop-
erty of the country, to be converted to then* own
hellish uses.
Mr. Speaker, when I talked to my people last
fall, I pointed out to them the danger of parties.
I told them not to fix their eyes upon any party
organization, because all the parties of this coun-
tiy have become corrupt; and I always say it
with shame. I do not believe that there has ever
been a more corrupt Government upon the face
of the earth than this Government has been under
the administration of the last eight years. I do
not believe that there has been a Government on
earth that has had less regard to the general good
than tins Government has had during the last
ei<rht years of its admmistiation. No man who
judges impartially can doubt this for a moment.
'Look at the result, and see what is before you.
When this Congress met, we found an Execu-
tive here sworn to support the Constitution, and
especially to see to the execution of the laws.
We found that Executive making agreements with
traitors to the country, and in defiance of the Con-
stitution of the United States, Well, sir, the
Republican party are called upon to heal this
breach. Have you ever heard of anything so
perfectly ridiculous ? My blood chills in my veins
some days here, when I hear sensible and honest
men talk as they do upon this subject. Now,
sir, it is an insult to the party that has been in
power. That this fanatical Republican party with-
out power, have been able to control the Govern-
ment, is very singular.
But we are told very pathetically, andin very elo-
quent language, that the country is in danger, and
that we have no right to inquire what has caused
the difficulty, but that we must cure it. Now,
that is very good logic, if it is logically applied;
but it will not do to apply it in all cases, 1 think.
It is important to know what diseases are,before
you begin to doctor them. I believe that physi-
cians always attempt to ascertain what the com-
plaint is, before they apply remedies; they see
whether the body wants depletion or stimulants.
That is not the rule here, and 1 do not wonder
that wc are asked not to look on the causes ofour
troubles. If I bad been guilty of breaking down
the Government while I had control of it, 1 should
not want my conduct to be looked into and inves-
tigated.
There is another party represented here for
which I have high respect—that is the party rcp-
i^senting the border States. I want ^ talk re-
spectfully to every one. I would not be guilty of
intensifying the feeling that exists or of mocking
at any of the whinings or weepings that may grow
out of it. But I ask, is it not a most extraor-
dinary state of things that a party which has not
yet got possession of the Government should be
called upon to settle the difficulties of the country?
I ask my fiiends from the border States whether
that is not asking too much? Suppose Mr. Bell
had been elected—a man whom I esteem highly,
though I did not vote for him—and suppose my
party had conspired to prevent his inauguration:
do you think that I would go with them in such
a movement ? Not at all. 1 ask gentlemen from
the border States to change their course on this
subject, and address themselves to their own peo-
ple with the eloquence and feeling that they have
displayed here during this session. Tell them that
this secession is nothing short of the blackest trea-
son, and that you are not to be forced into treason.
That is the way 1 talk to them. 1 do not let syc-
ophants and demagogues and traitors drive me
and my people into their arms.
I ask you again if you have anything to com-
plain of, for which you cannot find a remedy in
the Constitution? Complaints are made afioui
personal libei ty bills, and not enforcing the fugi-
tive slave law. If thute weie no foolish or wicked
people in the world, we would never want Con-
stitutions, or laws, either. The man who helps
to make laws, and expects they will never be vio-
lated, must be a very green kind of man. I know
how easy it is to crcate fuss and excitement in
communities. The party that has had control of
the Government for years, has no other object in
viewnowin seceding and breaking up the Union,
than to got control of the Government again.
Some of the leaders of that movement are dis-
tinguished and gallant men. They have repeated
for years past that whenever they should lose the
control of the Government, they would break it
up. They have gone out, and 1 can understand,
as well as I can understand any other fact, that
they have gone out with the idea that if they can
only draw every slave State with them, they will
build up a southern empire. They expect to be
great men in the proposed confederacy.
Now, I will tell you where we have been all in
fault; and it is a most impoitant thing for us to
consider. I have almost trembled when I have
thought of the consequences to the country grow-
ing out. of one of the greatest abuses and one of
the most uncalled for abuses that I have ever
known. If slavery were to be removed ten thou-
sand miles from this country, the Government
would still sink in its own infamy, unless its pol-
icy m the matter of expenditures bo changed. Let
us just reason the case. Thirty-seven years ago,
when I left the county of Franklin, the ordinary
expenses of the State of Ohio were §75,000. Now
the people of Ohio are taxed 010,000,000 a ye<u\
What do you find in the States, and even in the
