1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL' 0IiOBE.
m
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Morris.
, Ho. of Reps.
the broad plains that stretch away from theirfeet,
yield abundant crops of the grains which furnish
the staple food of man. A healthy and invigor-
ating climate nourishes a brave and enterprising
peopie, made up of the best races of Europe, who
have contributed much to the common glory of
thg nation by their discoveries in the arts and
sciences, their valor in the field, and their states-
manship in the Cabinet. Favored, as she is, by
Heaven in all that makes up the greatness of a
State, Pennsylvania,sir, will yet never desertthe?*
Union. '"With its maintenance, her own prosper-
ity is inseparably linked. It binds her in chains
of'love with sister States, with whose destiny her
own is intertwined. She regards the Constitution
as a guardian genius, whose eye never slumbers,
and which is ever watchful to promote the wel-
fare and defend the security of all whose interests
it has in keeping. She will pour out her last drop
of blood in its defense, and exhaust all her re-
sources to maintain it against a woild in arms.
Let other States court eternal infamy by conspir-
ingits destruction; she will prove anew her loy-
alty to the motto of her shield, "Virtue, liberty,
and independence," by rallying around it with
her brawny sons of labor, and defending it to the
last, in the darkest hour of its peril.
Disposed as I am, sir, to do all that in honor I
can do, to remove the present troubles, and to
guard against theirrecurrence, I must confcss that,
so long as the right of secession is maintained, I
shall have but little faith in the stability or dura-
tion of the national Government. Already it has
demoralized our standing as a people, and, from •
being one of the most powerful, we are now among
the weakest of nations. A nation that has no co-
herence among its component parts, that may at
any moment be torn asunder by internal dissen-
sions, or be dissolved by the withdrawal of any
of its members, cannot be said to have a perma-
nent or self-sustaining existence. Other nations
will have but little confidence in such a Govern-
ment, and will be chary of entering into treaties
of reciprocal obligations and benefits with it; not
having, as they cannot have, any pledge that the
nationality with which they have negotiated will
be maintained. This right must be abandoned,
as unwarranted by the Constitution, and at war
with the best interests of the country, or we shall 1
be as constant a prey to revolutions as the dis-
tracted republics of South America.
Look at our position before this fatal right of
secession was asserted, and compare it with what
it is now. With a smaller Navy than any of the
great Powers, our flag challenged for the vessels
it covered as much respect as that of England or
France. Power, a keen sensitiveness to wrong,
and promptness in seeking redress, were the ideas
associated with the Republic of the United States.
Unanimity of popular sentiment accompanied the
action of the Government, and a wrong to an in-
dividual American was regarded as an injury that
every citizen of the nation would feel and resent.
Provocation to such a people was eagerly avoided
and justly dreaded. But, sir, f fear that this en-
forced respect is gone, and that we have lost, or
will soon lose, if the right of secession becomes a
fixed article in ourpolitical creed, theprestige that
has hitherto surrounded the brow of this young
nation. Such has been the blighting effect of se-
cession on our national reputation, thatit may be
said of the Republic, as Antony said of Csesar,
in his funeral oration in the forum:
" But yesterday., the word of Csesar might
Have stood against the world ; now lies he there,
And none so poor to do him reveience."
The opinion of the framers of the Constitution
on this anarch ial doctrine is clearly given in the
reply o,f Mr. Madison to the letter of Alexander
Hamilton, dated Poughkeepsie, July 1788, an-
nouncing the proposal of New York to join the
Union for five or six years, with the right then to
withdraw, if she desired. Mr. Hamilton says:
"You will understand that the only qualification will be
the reservation of aright to secede, in ease our amend-
ments have not been decided upon, in one of the modes
pointed out by the Constitution, within a certain number
of yeara. perhaps five or seven. If this can, in the first in-
stance, be admitted as a ratification, I do not fear any fur-
ther consequences. Congress will, I presume, recommend
certain amendments to render the structure of the Govein-
crnment mor^ secure. This will satisfy the more eon«.j'd-
eiate and honest opposers of the Constitution, and with
the aid of them will break up the party."
Mr. Madison's reply says:
New York, Sunday evening.
My dear Sir: Yours of yesterday is this instant at
hand, and I have but a few minutes to answer it. 1 am
sorry that your situation obliges you to listen to proposi-
tions of the nature you describe. My opinion is that a res-
ervation of a rigiit to withdraw, if amendments be not de-
cided on underthe form of the Constitution within a certain
time, is a conditional ratification; that it does not make
New York a member of the new Union, and consequently
that she should not be received on that plan. Compacts
must be reciprocal; this principle would not, in such case,
be preserved. The Constitution requires an adoption in
toto and forever. It has been so adopted by the other States.
An adoption for a limited time would be as defective as an
adoption of some of the articles only. In short, any con-
dition whatever must vitiate the ratification. What the
new Congress, by virtue of the power to admit new States,
may be able and disposed to do in such a case, 1 do not in-
quire ; and i suppose that is not the material point at pres-
ent. I have not a moment to add moie than my fervent
wishes for youi success and happiness. The idea of reserv-
ing the right to withdraw was started at Richmond, and
eonsideied as a conditional ratification, which was itselt
abandoned—worse than rejection.
Yours, JAMES MADISON.
New York abandoned her claim, and adopted
the Constitution in toto and forever, as did the
other States.
If the right of secession is found to be indefens-
ible, thenghtofrevolution isasserted. Certainly
that right can no more be denied than the right of
self-defense; but it can only be exerciscd as a last
resort in a case of clear necessity, and when every
effort has been exhausted to obtain a redress of
grievances. Can any State now justify its resort
to this primitive right? South Carolina and her
colleagues of the cotton States secede from the
Union, not from any wrong done them by the
Federal Government, but from apprehensions of
aggression on the rights of the slaveholdmgStates
by the incoming Administration; and because of
certain laws of some of the free States, which, it
is alleged, were enacted for the purpose of nulli-
fying the fugitive slave law. The answer to the
lattei branch of this chaige is, that these laws
were passed for the purpose of preventing the kid-
napping of free negroes, and that they have never
been applied to the obstruction of the operation
of the fugitive slave law. So far as execution
goes, they are a dead letter; and if they be uncon-
stitutional, as it is said they are, any attempt to
put them in force would immediately present a
case for decision on that point in the Federal
courts. So long as the Supreme Court of the
United States t-xists as an arbiter between the
States and the legislation of the Federal Govern-
ment, no State is justifiable in resorting to revo-
lution until if has carried its grievances, arising
out of hostile State legislation, before that tribu-
nal, and has failed to obtain the redress to which
it is entitled. Strange to .say, sir, the constitu-
tionality of these laws has never yet been called
in question before this high court of judicature
by even South Carolina herself, the most clamor-
ous of the seceding States, and the one which
vindicates its lawless action by the so-called per-
sonal liberty laws.
If tins pretext for involution or secession, as
the case may be, fails to be satisfactory, it is as-
serted that the free and slave States can no longer
live together in the same Union, because the peo-
ple of the former entertain an inveterate hostility
to the institution of slavery, and strong prejudices
against slaveholders. It is undoubtedly true that
the people of the free States are opposed to the
extension of slavery; and they are not singular
in this. Some of the greatest statesmen of the
South—such as Washington, Jefferson, Patrick
Henry, Madison, and Clay—held the same views.
We have, however, sir, thus far lived in peace
together, as free and slave States, for three quar-
ters of a century; and I know no reason why wc
cannot continue to do so. The personal preju-
dices which are said to exist have no foundation
in fact, except on the pait of zealots, who would
be as implacable on any other fixed idea as on the
subject of slavery To say that any considerable
body of the people of the North claim to have a
constitutional right to interfere with slavery in
the States, is to assert what is not true. No such
pretensions have ever been advanced in Congress,
and no such right is known to exist under the
Constitution. The people of the South have no
more reason to fear an interference with slavery
in the States by Congress than they have to fear
an invasion of Mongolian Tartars fromthe steppes
of Asia. , c -
The future historian-will be puzzled tofrnd any
rational cause for the dissolution of the Union m
the reasons generally assigned,and he will right-
fully conclude that it was the result of a deejMaid
and long-devised conspiracy. The«hief conspir-
ator he will find to be the State of South, Car©*
lina, which, under the inspiration of itsgre^tsecs-
tional statesman, Mr. Calhoun, was for a quarter
of a century affected with a chronic hostility to
the Union. Failing to break it tip in 1832, on the
cry of an oppressive tariff, and owing to the vig-
orous conduct of General Jackson in putting down
the nascent rebellion of that tijne, a new pretext
for treasonable warfare against its duration was •
started on the slavery question. Mr. Benton, in
his examination of the Dred Scott case, says:
"On his returning home from Congress,Mr. Calhoun
told li is fi lends that the South could never be united against
the North on the tariff question; that the sugar interest of
Louisiana would keep her out, and that the basis of south-
ern union must be shifted to the slave question j and shifted
accordingly it immediately was. Incontinently, all the nul-
lification newspapers opened for secession for that new
cause, filling the country with alarm for the safety of slave
property, arid spreading the terrors of servile insurrection—
inevitable consequences of abolition designs."
This outcry has been continued to the present
day, and Congress has been made the arena of
the most passionate appeals'to the prejudices of
the people of the South against the North-, of the
most unfounded charges, time and again refuted
as the coinage of distempered brains, or as -the
falsifications of designing and desperate dema-
gogues, whose real aim was to embroil the North
and South in a war of sections, and thus promote
the unholy and wicked purposes of the enemies
of the Union and American liberty.
That conspiracy has now culminated, and South
Carolina rejoices, while the edifice of the Union
is in flames, with all its altars dcdicatecfto liberty,
and its rich repository of moral and political
knowledge put in peril of being scattered to the
winds like the treasures of the Alexandrine library.
The Goths and Vandals raised not a wilder and
more exulting shout over the ruins of imperial
Rome than the South Carolina conspirators over
the prospect of dissolution and ruin of the Amer-
ican Union. Nero,fiddling while Rome was burn-
ing, is a type of the men who exult at a yet more
destructive conflagration, in which a world's hopes
will be consumed. Says Mr. Rhett, in the South
Carolina convention:
"The secession of South Carolina is not an event of a •
day. It is riot anything produced by Mr. Lincoln's elec-
tion, or by the non-execution of the fugitive slave law. It
luib been a matter which has been gathering head for thirty
years."
In the satfie body the following remarks of a
like tenor were made;
"Mr. Parker. Mr. President, it appeals to me, with
great dofeienee to the opinions that have been expressed,
that the public mind is fully made up to the great occasion
that now awaits* us. Ii is no spasmodic effort that lias come
suddenly upon us, but it law been gradually culminating for
a long seiies of yeais, and at last it lias come to that point
whoii we may say the mattei is entirety right.
"Mr. Inglis. Mr. President, if there is any gentleman
present who wishes to debate this matter, of course this
body will hoar him; but as to delay for tiie purpose of a
discussion, I, for one, aui opposed to it. A->my ftiend [Mr.
Parker] has said, mo*t of us have had thb* matter under
consideration for the last twenty years, and I piesuine we
have by this time arrived at a decision upon the subject.
"Mi.Keitt. Sir, wc me performing a great act, which
involves not only the stirring present, but embraces the
whole gicat future of ages to come. { have been engaged
in tins movement ever since I entered political life. I am
content with what has been done to-day, and content with
what will take place to-morrow. Weliavc carried the body
of this Union to its last resting-place, and now we will
drop the flag over its grave. After that is done, I am ready
to adjourn, and leave the remaining ceremonies for to-mor-
row."
All these declarations go to show that an organ-
ized conspiracy has existed for more than twenty
years in South Carolina to dissolve the Union,
and that the modern pretexts are mere shams.
Is it possible, Mr. Speaker, that the mother of
States—Virginia—can be made an instrument of
South Carolina in carrying out her criminal de-
signs against the Union ? Will the land of Clay
and Jackson, and the patriotic State of Worth
Carolina, consent to play a secondary part to
South Carolina, and be driven by her into a war
against the Union ? I cannot believe it, sir. Trea-
son has never found a congenial soil m the patriotic
States of I£entucky, Tennessee, and North Car-
