THE CONGRESS
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,.,R, J CL V
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1861.
NEW Series No, $1.1 >
men in the Worth on the question of slavery, it
would be ridiculous for mo to deny; but, sir, I do
affirm here this day, with uplifted hand, in the
presence of yourself and the House, that I never
knew more than half a dozen men in my district
who believed that Congress had a right to inter-
fere with slavery in the States. In the North, so
far as I know, there is not, and never has been,
any disposition to get your negroes among us.
We have no desire to interfere with thorn. All
we want is, what it was agreed that we should
have. We want that which was so ruthlessly
torn from us. You must know, by this time, how
hard freemen are to be put down when they arise
to assert their rights.
And now, as the result of your past action, you
are reaping the fruils of the principle of popular
sovereignty. It has done more to curse this coun-
try and its politics than anything else. It came
here in the guise of great love for the people.
Never before had one word been said about the
governments of the Territories. All had gone on
"smoothly and peaceably until the advent of pop-
ular sovereignty. I defy any man, here or else-
where, to put his finger on an instance where com-
plaint was justly made against the government
of the Territories. Popular sovereignty was
founded upon a pretext; and upon pretexts, I
venow, parties often live and thrive.
There is another great curse to this countiy
which ought to be eradicated; and that is the con-
tinual construction of party platforms. They have
done not a little toward the subversion of this
Government. I have no respect for party plat-
forms; 1 spit upon them. [Cries of "Good!"]
How mortifying it is when members in this House
and in the Senate get up to discuss great questions
of Government, to hear them parleying about this
and the other platform, made by designing dema-
gogues. I never read the Chicago platform, the
Baltimore platform, or the Charleston platform;
and I do not care to. I do not bother myself with
them any more than with those compromises, for
the reason that I have a good old Constitution,
made by our fathers, and which justly deals by
ali sections of the Union. For God's sake,Mr.
Speaker, I implore the House to let that covenant
alone. It is a noble work
A Member. Then you ought to have gone for
Bell, for he had the Constitution for his platform.
Mr. CAREY. He is a great statesman, and
has had my esteem for many years. Ilis oppo-
sition to the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act
and the repeal of the Missouii compromise did
him much honor. I preserve his speech on the
occasion as a text from which many good ser-
mons could be preached pertinent to the present
condition of the country.
Now, sir, I feel disposed to be plain and out-
spoken. I am willing to have guarantied to every
man in the United States all the rights that he is
entitled to under the Constitution. I am willing
to go to great lengths for conciliation and peace.
But do not ask me, I pray you, to violate the
Constitution of the United States. I cannot do it.
I have sworn to support it. I dare not do what
t know to be wrong; for I should not only lose
my own self-respect, but the respect and approval
of my fellow-citizens. I care nothing for party
dictation, and will do whatever I can constitu-
tionally to meet the demand? made upon us on the
part of the South. I never, anywhere, voted for
any thing because it was a party measure. It must
have something moie than party to secure my
vote. That which I know to be wrong I will
oppose; and that which I know to be right, I will
advocate and \ote for.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that members ought to
try to talk of each other in a more friendly way
than they do. We ought all to be more forbear-
ing and conciliatory. Let us not be hasty. Let
us act slowly, deliberately, and justly. This
Government has been a long while in existence.
Looking back at its progress in population and
wealth, in power and greatness, I am humiliated
at the spectacle presented of a dastardly band of
pirates boldly rilling it of its wealth, its prosper-
51
ity, and the happiness of millions of people. The
lust of office is the passion that drives the dis-
unionists to treason against the Government.
They would rule or ruin; but, Mr. Speaker, if
we are true to ourselves they will do neither the
one nor the other. Stand firmly upon the Con-
stitution, exercising all the powers its grants, and
yielding all the rights it confers, and in ten years
the race of demagogues and traitors will become
extinct m our midst.
I know there are thousands talking of breaking
up this Union, in order that it may be recon-
structed. It is, in my judgment, moonshine to
think of a reconstruction after the Union is once
shattered into fragments. You may rest assured
of this.
1 know, too, that a great effort is made to de-
moralize the Republican party, to induce them to
follow u course that will destroy them. Where
has the Republican party done an unconstitutional
act? It cannot be pointed out. I would never
interfere with slavery in the District of Columbia
white slavery existed in the neighboring States,
or without the consent of the people' here. The
northern people are disposed to deal justly by
you. We have, I know, some extreme men in
our midst, who conscientiously differ from me.
I know we have a great many foolish men. But
you need not be sensitive. Your rights cannot
be assailed. Let us talk frankly about these things,
and not like spunky boys. [Laughter.] We spoil
our men in their growth. There are boys now
who talk flippantly, and know far more than their
fathers. Some boys of fifteen pretend to know
more than those who, in 1787, framed the Con-
stitution. Yet, if the Constitution were read to
them, they could not tell whether it really was
the Constitution or something else.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, then ad-
dressed the House on the state of the Union.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. JUNKIN. Mr, Speaker, I rise not for the
purpose of making a speech. I do not know that
I have anything to offer upon the important ques-
tions presented to the consideration of this body;
but now, at this late hour of the night, I will en-
deavor, in a few remarks, to vindicate a portion of
my constituents from a charge preferred against
them by a gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Web-
ster,] on the 29th of last month. Sir, I was sur-
prised and confounded when I heard a gentleman
whose district joins my own, and between the peo-
ple of whose district and the people of my district
there exists the most complete harmony, assert
here in his place that the citizens of the borough
of Carlisle had murdered a citizen of the State of
Maryland, in cold blood, when he was in pursuit
of iiis slave. I hope he uttered that remark without
due consideration. I hope that it was nothing more
than a hasty and ill-considered observation; or
that, in the heat of the struggle and contest which
prevailed here, he uttered the chaige without com-
plete knowledge of the facts. Why, sir, when I
shall have sent to the Clerk's desk, to be read, a
statement of the facts of the ease, a statement made
by the very attorney of Mr. Kennedy himself, and
who witnessed the proceedings from the begin-
ning to the end, you will learn the fact that this
alleged murder never was committed at all; that
the man died of indigestion; probably, unused to ;
the solid living of Pennsylvania, he may have
eaten saurkraut or cabbage. [Laughter.]
In 1847, Mr. Kennedy, together with some other
men, claiming to be the owners of two slaves who
had sought refuge in the borough of Cat lisle, came
up there and obtained process under the act of
1826. His attorney was not apprised at the time
that the Legislature of Pennsylvania hau repealed
that law, in consequence of the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States declaring it !
to be unconstitutional. He arrested the slaves i
upon a warrant issued by a justice of the peace,
in conformity to the act of 1$26, and lodged them
in the jail of Cumberland county. There was
an excitement raised amo-ng the free negroes of
the borough; the white citizens paying but little
attention to the matter. They had no difficulty
in arresting the slaves. In the mean time, the
negroes obtained counsel a«d took out a; writ of
habeas corpus and brought the slaves before jud4e;
Hepburn, who was the judge of that judicial dis-
trict. Pending the examination, somebody iji-i
formed the counsel of these two slaves* that the
Legislature had just passed an act repealing the'
act of 1826, &nd enacting the law of 1847, by which
all our judicial and other officers were prohibited
from taking cognizance in the case of an escaped
slave, or of issuing process in order to arresthiita.
Judge Hepburn, after ascertaining this fact, de-
clared that he had no jurisdiction over the ease;
but he told Mr. Kennedy,*4 There are yourslaves,
and you have a right to carry them home, by the
common-law right of recapture."
Mr. Kennedy availed himself of that advice,
and having sent for carriages for the purpose of
conveying them away, Mr. Miller, his counsel,
with some others, came down the stairs of the
court-house together; and as they approached the
carriage, a free negro of the borough made a rush
at him, he having charge of the female slave at
the time. They endeavored to seize the slaves,
and to get them off; and in doing this I am not
aware that they used violence toward Kennedy.
But they endeavored to get the female slave away.
He battered the negroes over the head with a
stick;and in the mean time the parties commenced
moving from the carriages, and the whole party
stumbled upon a pile of boards, upon which Ken-
nedy fell, and fractured his knee-pan. He wits
taken to the hotel, the best physician was em-
ployed, and the citizens of Carlisle made every
effort to rearrest the female slave. They also
arrested ail the negroes who participated in the
riot, tried them, and sent them to thepenitentiary.
Six weeks after the occurrence, Kennedy had
recovered fiom the injury sustained in the fight,
and he made preparations to go home. He was
about to leave next morning, when, contrary to
the advice of his physician, he ate something
which produced colic, and he died sometime in
the following night.
Now, this circumstance is attested by the coun-
sel of Kennedy, a man of different political com-
plexion from myself, and who never supported
me in either of my canvasses. He sends mc a
letter detailing the facts in the case. That letter
I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask that it may
be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Carlisle, -February 1, 1861.
Dear Sir: On the 29th ultimo, Mr. Webster of Mary-
land, in reply to Mr. Stevens of Pennsylvania, said t
u When he was a student at Oailisle College, heeawa whitd
man vvlio went after Ins uegides muideted m the street."
This statement has excited" gieat indignation a«iong our
people. A3 it evidently refers, to the lamented Mr. Ken-
nedy, of Maryland, and as I was his counsel in the attempt
he made to get back his slaves, I amcalkdupon by a num-
ber of our citizens to give you a statement of the facts in
denial of Mr. Webster.
They arc pimply these: Some time in May, 1847, Mr.
Kennedy, of Hagerstoivn,came here m company with Mr.
HoJhng worth, in pm>uitol tin ee slaves, two of whom be-
longed to Mr. Kennedy, and one to Mr. Uoihng-sworth.
Without any knowledge of our act of 1847, which had not
yet been published, J pursued the old process, and had them
arrested and taken before a justice of the peace. He re-
manded them to their masteis,and commuted them to the
jail of our county miul their masters were ready to remove
them. Immediately afterward?, a large body of fiue blacks
employed counsel, and procured a wiit of habeas corpus to
have them hi ought befote Judge Hepburn. After the hear-
ing, Judge Hepburn was about remanding thenegioes to^the
cu?tod> of the sheriff, when some one m the crowd came
up and mentioned to their counsel the existence of the aetj
of 1847, forbidding jaiiois to receive Mavc*, winch lie had,
seen published Lnaww-papei. The conn-ehmmetfciastely
u;fced a few minute^' postponement ol the ea-^ujud'they
could obtain the p-ipei. It wa< brought, and rc-aHecl i&
Judje fie phut n deciding that lie cou'd not send &heResnoe 
back toja.l, and discharging litem limn the- custody of
sheriff. Hut, at the *ame time, he remaned' that it waa
clear to his mind that the owners had a perfect legai
to take immediate possession of them without process, fey
the simple act of recapture. The sy.astors did ko at on oft,
and sent off for carriage^ to take them away* *Fhe&>aeters,
assisted b\ some ot out citiaeu.sfcept aegr^os in the
couu-ioom until the carriages shouid cofue. As somi as
they came, the masters and, their assistants started down
stairs, each negio having a person on each side, and f ac-
companied them. I do,hot think any one seriously am ci-
pated an attack, although we understood there was a cro wi\
of free necroes around ine carnage*, When we got downtfc
