218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
36tii Gong-....2d Sess.
Peace—Compromise— Union—Mr. Webster.
Ho. op Reps.
ehna, and I fervently hope it never may. It is
in their power to stem the tide of rebellion, and
like arx insurmountable barrier to turn it back to
its fountain head, and thus arrest its ravages on
the peace and prosperity of the country.
As I said, sir, in the outset of my remarks, I
em willing to vote for any honorable plan of set-
tlement. I do not think the Crittenden proposi-
tions, as they now stand, have any chance of
adoption by Congress; but I will cheerfully vote
to refer them to the people, and abide their decis-
ion. The border State plan is less objectionable,
aad, if I understand it aright, I can vote for it
without any compromise of principle. For the
propositions of the committee of thirty-three, I
shall vote with great pleasure, and it seems to me
they oughttosatisfy every reasonable man. The
admission of New Mexico as a State, as proposed,
will introduce into the Union all the territory
south of 36°30', and which is at all adapted to
slave labor. That slavery will be established
there I doubt, as the climate and products of that
Territory do not require slave labor for the devel-
opment of its scanty resources. When New
Mexico is admitted as a State, we shall be rid of
the slavery question so far as it depends on the
present territory of 'the United States, and there
will be, I trust, a lasting peace on that trouble-
some question.
Should all other propositions fail, I will bring
forward the following, as an amendment to the
Constitution:
"Neither Congress nor a Territoiial Legislature shall
make any law rcspeetmg uiyoluntary servitude except as a
punishment for crime; but Congress may pass laws tor tlie
suppression of the African slave? trade, and lor the rendition
of fugitives from labor or service in the States."
The object of this amendment would be to for-
ever banish the question of slavery from congres-
sional or territorial legislation. The history of
the legislation of Congress on this subject is a
history of fruitless agitation; and it has of late
become evident that it cannot legislate upon sla-
very to a finality, or without endangering the tran-
quillity and union of the States. The Missouri
compromise, established as a bond of peace be-
tween the North and South in 1820, was repealed
in 1854; and since that time the attention of Con-
gress has for the most pat t been occupied with
irritating and unprofitable discussions on the sla-
very question. 1 have faith in the people. We
cannot overrule their predetermined will, and if
they wish slavery, we cannot prevent them from
tolerating it in the constitution of a new State, and
we cannot oblige them to exclude it. It is agreed
on all sides that we have no right to reject the
application of a State for admission Jo the Union,
because of its domestic institutions; and even if
we had, when the State is admitted, its people can
modify*tiicir constitution according to their own
liking. As wc cannot force slavery upon a people
of a State who do not desire it, nor deprive them
of it if they see fit to tolerate it, all our legisla-
tion must be temporary, and confined to the term
of territorial probation. Why not dispense with
the exercise of the power of prohibition, and take
the risk of the popular decision ? If the advocates
of slavery protection by Federal legislation, and
of popular sovereignty in the Territories, will
surrender their respective claims, I am willing by
way of compromise, to surrender the right to pro-
hibit by Federal legislation; and thus to remand
the whole question of slavery back to the popular
arbitrament. Such an amendment as I propose,
all other plans of compiomisc failing, would at
least pacify the country by expelling the question
of slavery from Congress. Under the decision of
the Supreme Court, (if it has really made such a
decision,) slaveholders have a right to take their
slaves into the Territories, and to hold them there
until they are ruled out, or admitted, by the State
constitution. As lorn? as that decision stands, no
congressional legislation can invalidate it, and we
must, therefore, actaccordingly. Such an amend-
ment as that which I propose, Mr.Speaker, would
allay all apprehensions of the interference of Con-
gress with slavery in the States, the District of
Columbia, &c., as it would deprive Congress of
all power over the subject. It is also not obvious
to the objections which must always exist against
a geographical line of division—that of perpetu-
ating sectional distinctions. I have no desire to
press this amendment; but if a durable peace on
the slavery question is desired, I venture to sug-
gest that some such proposition is the only one
'by which it can be secured. I have every reason
to believe that the interests of freedom would not
suffer by its adoption; for one, I am willing to
hazard the unbiased judgment of the people on
the subject.
I desire to say a few words on the subject of
coercion, so-called; but my waning hour admon-
ishes me to be brief. The idea of coercion is mis-'
represented. No one proposes to march the Fed-
eral armies into the seceding States, to subjugate
them back into the Union. We know that it is
utterly impossible to force into submission to the
Union a people who are opposed to it. Were
such a result achieved, we should only gain a re-
luctant allcgiance from citizens whose loyalty
would always be suspected, and who would for-
ever bear in their hearts the rancor of humiliated
pride. It cannot be done. Such a war would
entail a greater expenditure of money than that
represented by the national debt of England, and
a greater waste of life than that of the Napoleonic
campaigns. God forbid that we should ever enter
on such a bloody and fruitless strife! That the
Government ought to collect the customs revenues
so long as the seceded States are not recognized
as an independent Power, and that it ought to
maintain possession of the more important Fed-
eral forts and arsenals, I have no manner of doubt.
Above all, it should not permit the national flag
to be dishonored. An insult to the flag by any
portion of the American people, is as great an
outrage as if committed by a foreign enemy. The
flag of a nation is the symbol of its honor and
power; and the patriotic sensibility of its people
is wounded when it is "dishonored. That the
descendants of Sumter, Marion, and Moultrie,
should ruthlessly assail the flag which led their
bravo ancestors to victory, or to a glorious death,
beneath its constellated folds, is as astonishing as
their proscription of the patrioticairs of the Revo-
lution and the war of 1812-14, for the French Mar-
seillaise. The former comes down to us freighted
with recollections of the purest and noblest sti ug-
glc ever made forliberty; the latter reeks with the
bloody fumes of the guillotine, beneath the merci-
less knife of which fell the beautiful, tin; virtuous,
and the brave, in indiscriminate slaughter. Is it
possible that any portion of the American people
prefer the diabolic music with which the protesta-
tions of the victims of Danton, Marnt, and Robe-
spierre, were drowned at the foot of the scaffold
of the Reign of Terror, to that which inspirited
Washington, Greene, Jackson, Stewart, and De-
catur, in their struggle for universal liberty, and
for the cause of law, order, and religious ami civil
freedom. Degenerate, indeed, must be the sons
of American revolutionary sires, who would sup-
plant their own national music with the imported
tunes of the worst era of French licentiousness,
infidelity, and mob despotism.
We are told bv some that, however disastrous
the immediate effects of secession may be, that it
i-3 better to assent to it, as we shall thus the more
readily promote «i reconstruction of the Union.
u Reconstruction!" Thai, Mr. Speaker, is a syren
song to lure the unwary on to the rocks of disso-
lution. The Union once dissolved, no reconstruc-
tion will ever take place. We shall become a
strange people to each other, with rival interests
and hostile feelings; and we shall rather seek the
friendship of foreign nations than that of each
other. However wise the men of the South may
be in their own coneeit, they can never construct
a government winch shall surpass that of Wash-
ington, Hamilton, Madison, and Franklin in so-
lidity of strength and grandeur of proportions.
The work of the first men of the greatest age of
history can hardly be equaled by Cobb, Keitt,
Yancey, and their compeers. The Union and
Constitution as they are, is all that we can desire
for ourselves and those who are to come after us.
To the Constitution we owe all our individual and
national prosperity. It has been to us a pillar of
light in the past; and it will be to us in the future
a sure pledge of liberty and happiness. We have
tried it m weal and woe; and it has never disap-
pointed our hopes. They who vainly imagine
that from its rums they can construct another and
better form uf government, deceive themselves and
their credulous followers. The American Con-
stitution is the result of ages of political experiment
Such a fabric cannot be erected inaday,or by or-
dinary men.
" A thousand years scarce serve to form a State,
An hour nmy lay it In the dust-; and when
Can man its shritterd splcndois renovate,
Recall its virtues back, and vanquish time and fate^
With the fall of the Union and Constitution,
will close the second great epoch of American his-
.tory. A future, overcast with clouds of gloomy
foreboding, will loom beyond. God grant that
from its mysterious depths the lurid flames of
civil war may not burst forth to consume the mon-
uments of industry and freedom that now cover
the land, and to destroy the last vestiges of Amer-
ican liberty and independence! I pray to God
that no responsibility for such calamities may rest
on me, or on those whose delegated authority I
here represent.
PEACE—COMPROMISE—UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. E. II. WEBSTER,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
February 18, 1861.
The IIousfc having under consideration the report from
the select committee of tliirty-tlnee— '
Mr. WEBSTER said:
Mr. Speaker: In submitting some remarks to
the House this morning upon our national affairs,
I desire, so far as possible, to lay aside every
feeling of a partisan or sectional character, and
come up to the consideration of the question with
an eye single, not only to the interest and welfare
of the State which 1 represent,but also to the in-
terestand welfare of the whole country, believing,
as 1 do, that they are inseparably connected; and,
although I am well aware that I shall not be able
to bring to this discussion the ability, the research,
and the eloquence which have characterized many
efforts made upon this floor, yet I do claim to
have as earnest a desire and as honest a purpose
as any man can possess to assist in bringing to
a peaceful settlement our present unhappy diffi-
culties.
Sir, I am not a friend to secession. I have not
been taught in that school of politics. I have
learned, at the feet of Clay and of Webster, that
when this Government was formed by our fathers,
it was intended to be a strong, a self-sustaining,
a permanent Government; that they did not sup-
pose that they were planting in it the seeds of its
own destruction, but believed that they were form-
ing a Government that should exist through all
time. ^ But, sir, even if such a right does exist, I
hold that the policy of the seceding States, in at-
tempting, at this time, to exercise it, has been
piecipitate, unwise, and selfish.
Who, when he knows that in three short months
after the American people in all the States peace-
fully, at the ballot-box, have declared their pref-
erence for a President of the United States, seven
of these States have determined to break up this
great Government which our fathers were long
years in originating and perfecting, and who also
knows the fact that the action of those States in
severing themselves from the General Govern-
ment—fhe highest exercise of sovereign power—
has in no instance been submitted to the people
for ratification, can deny that the action of these
States has been precipitate? Who that knows
that if the Representatives of the seceding States
in both Houses of Congress had remained in their
places, even if the incoming Administration had
designed to take measures for the injury of the
South, it would not have had the ability, that the
South and the friends of the South would have
controlled both branches of the national Legisla-
ture; and that, consequently, the Administration
would have been harmless for evil; who, I say, that
knows these facts, can doubt that the action of the
seceding States has been unwise? And, sir, who
that knows that the seceding States have taken
their course without consulting the wishes and
feelingsoftheir sister southern States—well know-
ing, as they did, that ourmstitutions were similar
to theirs; that we have the same interests in this
struggle as they; that our rights were as much
iuvolvedas theirs; that the dangers resulting from
