1361.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
Peace— Compromise— Union-—Mr. Webster.
Ho. of EMs.
such a course were much greater and more immi-
nent to us than to them—can deny that they self-
ishly and arrogantly have endeavored and are
endeavoring to drag us, the border slave States,
into secession against our wishes and against our
interests ?
But, sir, I have no desire to discuss this ques-
tion, nor the alleged causes that have led to the
action of these States—the wrongs inflicted on the
southern people by the unfriendly and unconshtu-
tional legislation of certain northern States, and the
formation and triumph of a great sectional party
at the North, selecting its candidates from that
section, and electing them by the votes of that sec-
tion alone, founded upon the idea of resistance to
the institutions of the South; and, as it were, cn-
deavoring^io ignore the South in the control of
the Government. These questions I do not be-
lieve to be pertinent to this discussion; I know
they are not profitable. I refer to them simply
to express my disapproval of them and of the
results they have, m a great measure, assisted to
produce. I desire, sir, to bring my thoughts to
the practical questions that are before us. Leav-
ing the past, letting the dead bury their dead, I
wish to consider the present and to provide for
the future. And, sir, if we would fully compre-
hend the great responsibilities that are upon us,
we must not shut our eyes to the present condi-
tion of the country. It will not do to declare that
there is " no crisis" in the land; that" the Union
is safe;" that "no man is injured;" that "no-
body has been hurt." We must admit the facts
as they are; and not, like the stupid ostrich, hide
our heads when danger comes, and imagine that
it is passed bccause it comes not within the range
of ouf mGre physical vision,
"What is the present condition of the country,
in brief? Why, sir, although we have had the
mostabundantharvesf thatever blessedourfields;
although our granaries are bursting with the rich
fruits of the eaith; although gold is pouring into
ourcoliers—notonly from ourown Ophir, but from
across the waters—it is nevertheless a sad fact that
the arm of labor and trade is paralyzed throughout
the land; that the wrecks of shattered fortunes
are gathering thick around us; that the cry of the
laboring man is coming up for relief; and that
even the credit of the Government itself is crip-
pledand almostdestroyed. Yes, sir; and although
our pioneers are pressing upon the wilderness,
the soldiers that wereintended to protect them no
longer fill the forts of the West; but are here, in
the very Federal capital itself, to see that legis-
lation is carried on withoutinteiruption,andthat
the Piesulent elect of the United States is peace-
ably inaugurated; although, sir, our hardy and
adventurous merchantmen are spreading their
sails upon every sea, the ships intended to pro-
tect them in foreign waters are hugging our own
coast, in order to protect our own troops against
attacks from citizens of the United States. Ay,
sir, and while the President elect is making his
triumphal procession to this city, and while we
arc here talking about the safety and presei vation
of the Union, and saying that there is no crisis
and no danger, the President of another confed-
eracy within our limits is making his procession
to another capital of another system of confed-
erated States, received by the plaudits of the mul-
titude and salvoes ofartillery—States that number
five million human souls; States that have a vast
empire within their limits; States that declare that
they are free and independent of our control, and
that they mean to maintain their independence at
the point of the sword. Sii, the country is in
danger; there is a crisis in the land; the temple
of liberty is quaking to its foundations, and it
becomes us, the Representatives of the American
people, charged with the interests of the people,
charged to sec that no detriment comes to the Re-
public, to take steps, if possible, to avert this dan-
ger; to meet this crisis; to sec that the rights and
interests of the people are guarded and protected,
and that this Republic is not broken in twain.
Mr. Speaker,as I have said, the responsibility
is upon us, and we cannot escape from it. True,
there is a highly intelligent, respectable, and in-
fluential body of citizens sitting at the other end
of the avenue—the peace conference; and 1 trust
in God that, m their wisdom and patiiotism, they
will be able to recommend some measure of ad-
justment; but when they have done this, their
duties terminate. They can do no more. They
cannot legislate. That responsibility will still be
upon us, and we cannot escape it.
Now, sir, what shall we do to preserve the
Union of these States? I declare to you, sir, and
to the American people, that the one great-object
I have in view is the preservation of the Union
and the rights and liberties of all the citizens of
the Republic within the Union. Tsvo lines of
policy arc before us, separate and distinct, each
having its advocates upon this floor and through-
out the country, and each claimed by its friends
to be the only policy that will lead to that result.
What are they ? One is the policy of compro-
mise, of conciliation, of peace; the other is the
policy of a rigid enforcement of the laws, and a
prompt suppression of rebellion without compro-
mise and without concession. Sir, between these
two policies runs the same line of demarkation
which market] those which were advocated, in the
days when our fathers first resisted the laws of
the motliercountry, by Lord North and the Earl
of Chatham. " Listen," said the old earl,4'to
the complaints of*your colonies. Redress their
grievances." u Let us first suppress rebellion,"
replied Lord North. " Let us first enforce the
laws; let us first see whether we have a Govern-
ment." And the Parliament, actuated by that
natural prompting of the human heart, which we
all have, and which, I think, has been actuating
us here this morning, to punish whoever resists
our authority, yielded to the views of Lord North;
and the woild knows the lesult. The rebellion
was successful, and the English empire was dis-
membered.
Now, sir, who are the advocates of this coer-
cion policy' Who are they that declare that they
"make no compromise on this occasion ?" that
"they will enforce the law at all hazards?" that
they have " millions for defense, but notone cent
for tribute?" 1 say, sir, with all icspect to gen-
tlemen, that in this Ilouse and elsewhere they aie
the men who have been remaikable heretofore for
their hostility to the institutions of the South. 1 do
not like to be invidious, but I may mention some
names. There is the reverend oentlcman from Illi-
nois, [Mr.LovEJUY.] There is thoworthy succes-
sor of Mr. Giddnigs, [Mr. Hutchins.] There is
the senior member from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
\ens,] and his tnoie youthful colleague from the
Wilmotdistrict, [Mr. Grow.] There is the mem-
ber from the Syracuse distuctof New Yoik, [Mr.
Sedgwick,] and his redoubtable colleague iiom
the Orange district, [Mr. V,\n Wvck.J There is
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Burlin-
game.J who so gracefully 'k reposes on tin; bosom
of the North End." There is the gcnileman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Ff.riiy:"} and there is the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] the
distinguished representative of a distinguished
family. So I might go on and tell the nation the
characteis of the men who declare here and else-
where that they will make no compromise; that
they intend to enforce the laws at all hazards;
that they intend to putdown rebellion at the point
of the bayonet. The country will believe that,
in their policy here, these gentlemen are but car-
rying ojit their hostility to'the South and her in-
! stitutions. I do not intend to express any doubt
I about the honesty of motives of these gentlemen;
yet the country'will look through their action,
and will believe, as I believe, that they see in it
the unfriendly hand of men whose prejudices
against the institutions of the South render them
unsafe advisers in questions in which rights, con-
nected with these institutions, are involved.
Now, what will be tlu* effect of this policy > In
my humble judgment, it will certainly lead to
bloodshed and cm! war, and probably to a fur-
ther dismemberment of this Republic. In all hu-
man probability, it will dnve from beneath the
shield of the Republic other States that are now
true m their fealty. If it does not do this, it will
dig, between Republican States and the Stales that
have seceded, a ditch so wide that never again can
they get together. It will sow the seeds of such
a harvest of hate as will forever prevent the com-
ing together of the States that have seceded and
the States that are true. This, in brief, will be
the effect of the policy. Now, after you have car-
ried out your policy of coercion without compro-
mise, of war without concession, of enforcement
of laws without conciliation—when you have
brought these results on the country, When *you
have seen the southern cities laid in asheg, Iter
fair fields blackened and destroyed ,;and her&tins
given to the sword, when you have seen her wo-
men and children wanderinghomelej3sand friend-
less; and when, recurring to your own'scbtfon,
you find that your own people are burdened \vith
intolerable taxation, that a skeleton stands beside
each of your own doors; that you are oppressed
under the weight of military despotism; when
you find that the country is irretrievably broken
up, what consolation will it be to you, in that
hour, to reflect that all these calamities have been
brought upon the country in the name of the
Union, of the enforcement of the laws, and of the
protection of public property?
Sir, there is another policy; and I trust that its
friends are in a majority on this floor. It is the
policy of compromise and conciliation and peace.
It is the policy which our fathers followed when
they framed the Constitution. That instrument
originated in a spirit of compromise. General
Washington declared, in the letter in which he sub-
mitted it (the Constitution) to the old Congress,
that it was " the result of a spirit of amity, "and of
" mutual deference and concession." The-same
spirit has actuated the leading men of the Repub-
lic, whenever the Republic has been in danger
In 1820, it controlled the legislation of the coun-
try, and brought peace\ This same spirit of com-
promise preserved us again in 185U. It is the
policy of Chatham, the policy of Washington, the
policy of Clay, the policy of Crittenden. I am
one of the men who desire to see this policy in-
augurated. Every man who believes that our
present difficulties should be terminated by peace-
ful legislation, who thinks that, instead of ap-
pealing to the arbitrament of the sword, we should
appeal to the intelligence and patriotism of men;
who is willing to make concessions, and, if ne-
cessary , to trample on party platforms and selfish
ambitions, and everything that might stand in the
way of a peaceable, honorable, fair, and final set-
tlement of the questions dividing us, must desire,
with'me, to see such policy inaugurated.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if every gentleman here
would get rid of the idea that the country musthe
saved on his proposition or not saved at all; if
gentlemen, instead of laboring for their own ulti-
matum, would only determine that there shall be
a fair,just, and honorable settlement, we will have
no trouble in coming to such a result. I desire
that every man who has a proposition of his own
shall not imagine that his is the panacea for all
the public «eyils; but that he shall be willing to
take that or anything else which will cure the dis-
ease of the sick mail.
Much has been said here and elsewhere about
my own State. I am not authorized by the State
to speak her sentiments. I shall only utter what
I believe to be her sentiments. I believe that s'ie
standsupon thepolicy of compromise. Shcwoutf
be willing to take any fair, reasonable, just set-
tlement of this question of slavery, and adhere
to it. Stain not her honor, tiample not on the
rights of her people, and she will rejoice in any
measures you may take that will preserve the
peace of the country and maintain the unity of
the Government. She is a southern State, having
southern feelings and southern interests. But she
is also a national State. She loves the nat'ion in
which she has grown so largo, as well as the sec-
tion of which she is a part. She desires to main-
tain her present position in both. She desires to
remain a southern State; and she desires to re-
main a national State. She is not willing to yield
her i ight to her social institutions, nor is she will-
ing to give up all the blessings which come to her
from her great national institutions. She is now
in the heaitof the Republic Tlieie she desires
to remain for ever. She is not ambitious to be
either the northern boundary of a southern con-
federacy,or the southern boundary of a northern
confederacy. Her safety, interest, honor, all de-
mand that shc^shall hold, if possible, her present
position. Sir, our fathers, in the days of Wash-
ington, and at his request, ceded this District for
the purposes of the national capital. We, the
sons of those men, aie not willing that it should
become the seat of Government for any fragment
