1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
God! pass me one step beyond what I conceive
to be my bounden duty. Party or 110 party, plat-
form or no platform, 1 will act under the obliga-
tions of my oath, to do all in my powei to heal the
breach that now exists between tho North and
the South, for the sake of the loyal union men
who so bravely stand by the old flag of my coun-
try, even where that loyalty is pronounced treason
by the mad revolutionists in their midst.
But, I find that I was about to enter on the dis-
cussion of the great question. On that my mind
is irrevocably made up. I have my vcidictinmy
heart, and am ready to render it whenever called
upon to vote. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, what
this controversy reminds mo of. It puts me in
mind of a story related in cue of Bulwer's novels.
A worthy couple, named .Ti.'in and Joan, had lived
happily together many a Inns; year, till one un-
lucky day they bought a new bolster; Joan said
the bolster was too hard, and John said the bol-
ster was too soft; so of course they quarreled.
After sulking all day they agreed to put the bolster
between them at night. After they had thus lain
apart a little time, very silent and sullen, John
sneezed. " God bless you! "said Joan over the bol-
ster. " Did you say, God bless me?" cries John;
" then here goes the bolster." [Laughter.] Now,
sir, the acquisition of new territory and the negro
question are our bolsters, and we have been sulk-
ing for some years with these bolsters between
us; and when our disagreement begins to threaten
the integrity of our great Union, the voice of the
Old Dominion is heard shouting in unmistaka-
ble earnestness over these bolsters of contention,
"God bless the Union!" Sir, 1 must, as a true
man, respond to the noble se-itiment of Virginia.
I say, away with these bolsters of contention, and
l^t us settle these contemptible causes of quarrel
in some way honorable and satisfactory to both.
Now, sir, what are we quarreling about m this
matter? What are we talking about? As I un-
derstand it, the Republican party are apprehen-
sive that slavery is going into the Territories north
of 36° 30'. Or rather, t!;ev know that it cannot
go there; and a great number of them think that
it will not even go south of that line. Then the
entire difficulty is whether we can draw this line.
It is not for the benefit of anybody, as I under-
stand it; for no one is going to derive any benefit
from it. I do not believe that it will either cause
slavery to go in or kelp it out. I do not believe
it would have the effect of putting one slave more
south of that line or one slave less. But ore thing
I do know; I know that the line of 36° 3' ' is con-
secrated, ay, canonized,in the hearts of the people
of the free States; andalthough some Republicans
may stand up and say that the people would never
consent to restoring that line, I do know that tile
Republican party sprung into existence on the
abrogation of it. I know the fact, that we have
gone before the people of Pennsylvania, over and
over and over again, and said that the Democratic
party had repealed the old Missouri compromise
line, and that we were d< .e. mined slavery should
never go north of it. I do not believe it ever
will go north of it. \V' I: vo made our word
good. I believe that eve.1;,' .''otof territory north
of 36° 30' is consecrated to freedom, although the
line is abrogated. Therefore, to my judgment, it
does not make a particle of difference, so far as
the real question is concerned, whether you restore
the line or leave italone. For my own part, I shall
vote for the propositions reported by the commit-
tee of thirty-three, because I think they effect a
substantial restoration of the Missouri compro-
mise. Sir, it is cowardly for the Republican party
and the great free North to refuse this small boon
to our brethren of the South. Fair play, is my
motto; and I would scorn to take advantage of the
paucity of their numbers, by legislative bar.
Now, it is true there are some dozen slaves in
New Mexico. I do not see liow we can get them
out. I do not see how we can have any control
in the matter. I do know that the legislation of
1850 settled that question, and fixed the status of
that Territory, or left it to the people of the Ter-
ritory, which amounts to the same thing. When
I was a Democrat, I felt bound to stand by the
legislation of 1850. I stood by it then, and 1 stand
by it now. It made a settlement of the contro-
versy; and I understand that the propositions of
the committee of thirty-three do nothing more
than carry that legislation into effect.
Mr. HATTON. The gentleman is speaking
of the objects and purposes of the Republican
party. I ask him whether he understands that
one of their objects is ever to interfere with sla-
very in the District of Columbia, or in the dock-
yards, arsenals, and navy-yards, or with the inter-
State slave trade ?
Mr JUNKIN. So far as my knowledge goes
in canvassing, not only my own district, but
others, and so far as 1 have heard politics dis-
cussed in the free States, I do not believe there
ever was an election of any kind in which the
question of slavery in the District of Columbia
entered as an element in any shape or form. The
idea that the people of the great free States should
undertake to make a specific issue on the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia—a little
place less than ten miles square, that you could
hardly have made a decent shooting match outof
when I was a boy in our country—and should
make a quarrel with respect to it, is supremely
ridiculous. I do not believe that any man elected
to Congress in the free States ever discussed that
subject at all. They do not think about it. The
people do not care about it, and do not want to
have anything to do with it. But they have always
had in their mind the great question whether they
would secure the territory north of 36° 30' for
what they call freedom. That is to say, that the
freemen of the North do not want to work along-
side of slaves. That is all.
When you talk about the hostility of the peo-
ple of the free States to slavery, you are greatly
in error. Go into these districts where the people
arc supposed to be so intensely hostile to the in-
stitution, and you will find that they talk very
little about it, and never propose to interfere with
it in the States where it exists, or ill the District
of Columbia, or in the dock-yards, arsenals, and
navy-yards, or to interfere with the coasting slave
trade, or the inter-State slave trade. I never heard
the people talk of such things; and I can safely
assert, that such questions are never considered
in a political canvass in the North. I never heard
these subjects discussed till I came to Congress;
and when t came here, I felt very much like the
old farmer who went into a court-room for the
first time, to see what court was like. They were
trying an action of replevin about a cow, and the
tlurd day of the trial had been reached, when the
old gentleman, becoming impatient that the valu-
able time of the court should be wasted on such
a trivia! matter, shouted out at the top of his voice,
and pulling out his purse at the same time,
" Judge, what is tins old cow worth ? I'll pay
her value, and let the court proceed to something
of importance." [Laughter.] So when 1 came
here, and listened day after day to long speeches
about slavery in the District of Columbia, I felt
like asking what this District could be bought for.
[Laughter.] I tell you thai these questions are
never discussed among the mountains of Penn-
sylvania. They have some strong ideas thereabout
slavery, but they nevei expect to be called upon
to regulate the affairs of the District of Colum-
bia. This is tho only place where such questions
are ever heard discussed. The people themselves
never talk about them, although lam free to con-
fess, that the people of my district have got some
pretty strong notions in their nund about slavery;
but they do not arise out of any hostility to you
who own slaves. They never dream of interfer-
ing between you and your slaves; for I tell you
they would hate, in the worst sort of way, to
have your negroes emancipated and sent among
them; and they would not submit to it. They
dislike even the free ncgrors, and do not in any
manner associate with them. 1 never heard my
constituents assert any desire to interfere between
masters and their slaves; and I do honestly and
verily believe that to-day they stand ready to come
to your aid and assistance, in maintaining the
institution ill the States where it now exists.
Hence it is that I only express tho sentiment
of my people when I vote for a clause in the Con-
stitution that Congress shall never interfere with
slavery m the States; and I assert that when I
vote in that way, I but support the Chicago plat-
form. If my Republican brethren believe that
their platform is a good thing, I do not see how
they can object to taking a portion of that plat-
form and incorporating it in the fundamental law
of the land. If it is a good thing in a platform, it
will be a good thing in the Constitution. Why
not? And I tell you honestly, that any Repub-
lican who fails to come up and Vote fairly for;this
proposition reported by the committee of thirty-
three, will be, in my judgment, marked as tend-
ing towards abolition, ana will weaken< toy con-
fidence in the Republican party. I do not.believe
there are ten men on this side of the House who
will fail to vote for that proposition.
1 know it was argued here to-day, by a gentle-
man who occupied a chair behind me, [Mr. Sedg-
wick,] that there may a time come when we may
want to take a hand in purchasing the slaves in
the border slave States, or in some way getridof
slavery in those States, and therefore he felt dis-
inclined to support the proposition. - He seemed
to have the impression that it might in some way
prevent a State from abolishing slavery within its
own limits. Why, sir, if I understand that prop-
osition, it has no reference to the action of any
State. It only applies to Congress. If the State
of Maryland shall desire to abolish slavery within
her own limits, or any other State shall aesire it,
they may do it, but Congress cannot. Now, what
earthly objection can there be to that? I admit
there is a single objection in my mind. It raay
tend to create excitement in the North. It may
tend to deepen the agitation upon these questions,
and in that way do more harm than good; but I
think the Legislatures of the States can so deal
with the question as to preven* the occurrence of
harm from that source.
I again acknowledge my obligations to the gen-
tleman from Ohio for yielding mo the floor, and
hope that tho time I have occupied will not be
deducted from his.
Mr. ALLEN then addressed the House on the
state of the Union. [His speech will bo published
m the Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. HATTON, (at
ten o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.'
* IN SENATE.
Friday, February 8, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gcrlet.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Gloss-
brenner, his Secretary.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN was, on his motion, ex-
cused from service upon the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the, bill (H. It. No. 866) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1861; and Mr. Gwin was
appointed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in obedience to law, a statement of the
contingent expenses of the military establishment
of the United States for the year 1860; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Senate, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, a statement of the payments from
the contingent fund of the Senate during the year
ending December 3, 1860; which, on motion of
Mr. Bigler, was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
acting Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 28th of May, 1860, transcripts of all accounts
paid for the crection of the cast and west wings
and the north front of tho Patent Office building,
and for alterations and repairs of the south front
of the same; which was ordered to lie on the table;
and a motion by Mr. Bigler to print the report
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
CAPTAIN STEPSON'S REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of t he Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 30th ultimo, the report of Captain
J. H. Simpson, of the topographical engineers,
of his explorations across the Great Basin of Utah
Territory, for a direct wagon route from Camp
Floyd to Genoa, in Carson Valley, in 1859.
Mr. LATHAM. I have a resolution to offer
ill connection with that report:
Resolved, Tlidt tho report of the Secretary of War, cum-
