1861.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
m
as their counsel, and that Fisher professed to be acting in
that capacity as early as- December 13.
2. 1*iiat Lee &. Fisher entered into the stipulation, in
behalf of the five hundred opponents thnv represent, that
testimony should be taken at the times and places at which
it has been taken.
3. That neither Lee & Fisher nor any of the opponents
objected to the taking of testimony by "Watson, in behalf
of the applicant, on the 2pth ur2Sih of December.
4. That the proofs taken were strictly m support of the
applicant's statement, and therefore no surprise to any one,
the statement being sworn to, and made evidence by law,
and is therefore the prima Jacie case of the applicant, and
notice to all parties of what are the issues in the case, and
what is to be proved or disproved, and that tins statement
was filed on the 13th day of December, forty-seven days
before the day for closing the testimony, January 28.
5. That but four of these forty-seven clays have been oc-
cupied by the opponents of the extension in talcing testi-
mony, and an equal number of days by the applicants for
the same puipos-t*.
6 That the applicant's counsel was diligent in preparing
and filing his account j and that to do so, and to get testi-
mony ready, he had to leave home and to travel by lailroad
day and night.
7. Thai tlte notice served by the applicant to take testi-
mony on the 28th of Januaiy, was not served rtnul after a
notice to take testimony in behalf of the opponents iiad been
given; and the opponents were informed at the tune of ser-
vice that no testimony would be taken under it except m
rebuttal of such opposition testimony as might be taken on
the 28th, and that in fact no witness was called by the ap-
plicant on the 28th.
8. That the cross-examination of the witness, U. B. Ren-
wick, occupied less than an hour on the morning of the
28th, and was deform! until then only because the oppo-
nents declined to cross-examine on Satuiday night.
There are other matteis in the affidavits on both slides
that relate to the merits of the case on the final hearing,
and therefore do not require notice on tin* motion.
On the former motion for a postponement, which was
overruled, it was stated that tlx' reception of the application
eleven months before the patent expired, and the fixing of
the day of hearing on the llthof Febiuary, weie acts, ol the
iate Commissioner, done with deliberation, ami with a view
to protect and promote the public intercut; that nioie titan
the usual time for taking testimony had been allowed,
namely, (oity-seven day*, (nine dajs only of the tunc has
been occupied by both paiuebin taking testimony, and that,
too, by mutual agreement;) that it' the applicant's account,
as alleged, is. unfaithful and untrue, the default in tins re-
gard is at his peril, and he must take the consequences.
And if his compensation has been adequate, as now al-
leged, that fact alone mun be tatul to the extension.
in view ot all the oiicumstanccs presented on the foimer
motion, it was held that no sufficient rea&on tor gianting <i
postponement appeared; and the motion was consequently
ovenuied. 1 cannot see now that the rea&ons for a post-
ponement are strengthened in any degiee, and 1 theiefore
decline to change the time for closing tiie testimony as fixed
by the late Commissioner in the published nonce.
S.T. 8HUGERT,
' *&cting Commissioner.
Patent Office, Januaiy 29, 1801
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is o
the motion to take up the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint i^so
lution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. PUGH. I move now that the joint reso-
lution be referred to the standing Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office; and if the Senate
will give me their attention for a few moments, I
think I can show them the propriety of that mo-
tion.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator so modify his
motion as to lot the papers go, with the resolution,
to the committee r
Mr. PUGH. Certainly. By the general law,
as I understand, every patentee, before the expi-
ration of his term, is entitled to apply to the Com-
missioner of Patents, and, with certain evidence
which he is required to produce, may have an ex-
tension for seven years. It seems that, in this
case, whatever may be the value or the validity
of the patent, the applicant has departed in no-
wise from the law. He has madehisapphcation.
Others, it seems, feeling opposed to the extension
of the patent, have been heard by their testimony
and iheir counsel. The Commissioner, as it ap-
pears by the paper which has been read, has twice
been asked to extend the time of taking testimony,
and upon affidavit and argument has decided
against it; and now application is made to Con-
gress hurriedly, without examination by any
standing committee of this body, to use the law-
making power of the Government in a private lit-
igation, to grant an appeal from a decision twice
made by the proper officer, under the name of a
joint resolution.
What will be the consequence? If we cause
this applicant any mischief by our interference,
he will be here with his petition to be indemni-
fied; and 1 should like to know what argument
could be made against indemnificationr If, fol-
lowing the law as it is written on your statute-
book up to the period of decision, wc then inter*
pose and take from him what, possibly, the law
would have given, I think he can make at leasta
very fair claim on the equity of Congress, if not
a claim of right. Now, sir, 1 do not know Mr.
McCormick; and 1 presume I am as much inter-
ested as any Senator, in virtue of my agricultural
constituents, if they have any interest in the pat-
ent, in having it opposed; but, if Mr. McCormick
has a right to htsextension by law, I will not take
it from him; if he has no right to it, let the Commis-
sioner of Patents decide against him. The Com-
missioner, at present, has long been in the office.
1 have never heard anything said against his in-
tegrity or his capacity; and i am indisposed, as
a member of Congress—that is ali I mean to say
about it—to be used on either side of a lawsuit.
Therefore, I hope our Committee on Patents will
take the resolution, and will read these papers.
I could not hear all the paper sent from the Com-
missioner, there was so much confusion at the
time it was read; but I heard enough to satisfy
me that it is a controverted case of litigation and
feeling on both sides, and that it is not wise for
us to act in haste. 1 trust, therefore, the Com-
mittee on Patents will examine the papers, and
if they find that we have the power to do this
rightfully, and that there is a proper case made,
I shall be willing to vote for the resolution, but
I am not willing to do it in the dark; and there-
fore I insist on my motion, that the joint resolu-
tion and the papers be referred to the standing
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office. 1
doubt not they will give it speedy examination; I
hope so.
Mr. WADE. I do not think there is any ne-
cessity for referring this resolution to the Com-
mittee on Patents. The question involved is a
very great one; indeed, one of more public inter-
est could hardly be suggested. I do not'profess
to know anything of the merits or demerits of
this application for a renewal of the patent; but
I can see, as everybody can, that the public are
most vitally interested in it. It is a great ques-
tion, involving millions of dollars to be taken from
the pockets of our farmers wrongfully, if the de-
cision should be wrong; and if the decision that
is now contemplated shall be finally made in favor
of this applicant, a little delay will not injure him
atyfxll. Why can wc not give the parties ali the
tirnc that is necessary, in order to bring in ali the
testimony which is essential to decide a contro-
versy so important as this?
The applicant himself, it seems from the paper
which has been read, took testimony as late as
the 28th of January; and it was the testimony of
witnesses scattered abroad ir a great many places
all over the country; but the attorneys of the con-
testants have made affidavit that their witnesses
are scattered abroad in distant parts of the coun-
try, and that they have not had time sufficient to
bring the testimony that they have to bear upon
the case, and they only want time to do it. Itcan
bo of no disadvantage to the applicant himself,
because his patent does not expire until the 23d
day of October next. What necessity is therefor
this hot haste in closing the testimony, when the
patent does not expire for nine or ten months?
There can be no necessity for it whatever; and in
a case involving such great interests to the public
as this evidently does, it strikes me that all the
light which can be obtained on the subject should
be obtained, and that there is no occasion for clos-
ing the case so early, and hence no propriety in
delaying this resolution. I have no doubt thatthe
Committee on Patents, if they make a thorough
examination, will come to the same conclusion
that I have now come to; I have no fears of its
going to them; but time is very essential in this
matter. I do not know when the decision is to
be made; but undoubtedly very soon. At all
events, these parties ought to know and know as
soon as possible, whether their rights ar<"> to be
forever closed within a few days or not, for per-
haps they can get some testimony m the mean
time; but if the closing of the case is postponed
according to this resolution, there will be no dif-
ficulty in the parties being thoroughly heard,and
a decision being made that ought to be satisfactory
to ali. 1 do not wish to prolong the debate. 1
hope it will not be consideied necessary to send
this joint resolution to any committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, the agricul-
tural interests of the United Statesare very deeply
concerned in the question of the extension of this
patent. In all the western doaiitfy, more partic-
ularly, the reaper and mower has becditie an in-
dispensable implement to the facmer. Every
reaper and mower manufactured in the United
States, not made by Mr. McCoTmiok, bad to pay
him a tribute of fifteen dollars. That comts di-
rectly from the farming interests of the country.
Already he has received his millions for
small inventions in reference to the reaper and
mower; and that the whole country should be
made to pay tribute to him, to the amount of fif-
teen dollars for every reaper and mower bought
by tho farmers for the next seven years, is a mat-
ter that their representatives here should look to.
I take it there can be no objection to postponing
the time for taking evidence, bccause his patent
does not expire for eight or nine months yet.
Ml-. WADE. 1 did not state before, for I did
not know then, the time when the decision is to
be made. I had no time to investigate this mat-
ter, and I only said the public were deeply inter-
ested; but I see now thatthe decision is to be made
next Monday, and that, too, over the affidavits of
the counsel for the public that they have not their
testimony completed. I want to know if the Sen-
ate will now permit this great decision to be made
under these circumstances. Two of the counsel
for the defendants, for the public, make oath that
they have not had time to get their testimony; and
yet the case is about to be foreclosed without it.
What Senator wants a decision of this kind to be
made upon such principles,and a snap judgment
taken on imperfect testimony? The case will be
closed, 1 believe, and the argument of the case
commenced, next Monday. Sir, it would bean
outrage, in my judgment, to permit such a' case
to be decided in such a manner.
Mr. FITCH. The reading of the papers was
called for; and [supposed thatevery Senator who
listened to the response of the acting Commis-
sioner would be perfectly satisfied of the impro-
priety of granting the prayer of the protcstants.
They have had ample time; all the time ever
allowed. Due notice, full notice, was given. They
filed iheir proof, and the attorneys themselves say
in theirplea: "His [McCormick's] proof amounts
to nothing and our proof covers the case at all
points. Further proof would be merely cumula-
tive;" and they close their argument by saying:
"we do not think the application for extension
will be successful." This is what the attorneys
for the protestanis say; and yet they first apply
for an extension to the 4th of March. Why that
particular day? It smacks a little ofasupposition
that a change of Administration might be benefi-
cial to their inteiests. Subsequently, application
is madefor an extension of time to the first Mon-
day in July, or thereabouts. It will be seen by
those who listened to the written answer of the
acting Commissioner, that every solitary allega-
tion made by the protestants is answered, and sat-
isfactorily answered. There is not the first scin-
tilla of proof on which to hang an application for
a continuation, except to consult the convenience
and possibly the interests of certain men who are
rivals of this manufacturer.
A word as to what the Senator from Ohio said
relative to the interests of the farmers-
Several Senators. The Senator from Michi-
gan.
Mr. FITCH. Ohio first, and then Michigan
subsequently. The farmers have no interest in
this controversy: but some of your manufactur-
ing gentlemen have. it is a rivalry between them.
That is the whole sum and substance of it. It is
a rivalry between different manufacturing estab-
lishments. Othcrestabhshments desire to purloin
an improvement, and not give the originator of it,
the patentee of it, us full benefit.
The argument in favor of passing this resolu-
tion, that this patentee applied a year in advance,
is futile; nothing is more common,as the records
of the Patent Office show, h must be borne in
mind that, if he waits until his patent expires, he
cannot apply. Any wise man would not wait
until the eve of the expiration of his patent before
he made his application for a renewal; and there
is a case, now pending herefrom the Committee
on Patents, clenrly showing the propriety of an
early application—a case in whicli a patentee,an
inventor of an important improvement in steam
engines, failed to make his application for a re-
newal until it was so late that the Commissioner
of Patents could not decide it> and it fell to the
