1861.]
APPENDIX TO'THE eONGBEBSlOMi ©LOBE*. -
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Union and Disunion—Mr. McKean.
Ho. 05? Reps.
in an effort to do so. I trust that is not the in-
tention. I will not say I believe it is; and yet I do
say, it has somewhat shaken my confidence in the
intention of this House to come to a fair, honora-
ble, and just measure of compromise. But, sir, if
the Elouse shall refuse, if the peace confercnce
shall fail to recommend measures of adjustment,
or if they recommend measures which this House
shall fail to put in execution, I still am not willing
to despair of the Republic; I still will not advise
my people at home to lay rash hands upon the pil-
lars of the Republic; I shall still advise them that
I believe there is a better day in store for them.
We complain of the precipitancy of the seceding
States; and I desire that our people shall not be
liable to the same charge. But 1 tell you, your
course is also precipitate. You complain of the
rashness with which the southern States have
rushed out of the Republic; and yet, in the same
rash way, you draw the sword to comedown upon
them. Give them time to reflect before you charge
upon them with your mailed legions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say one word
to the gentleman from Maryland. I ask the gen-
tleman if he will allow the acknowledged prop-
erty of the United States to remain in the hands
of the officers of the United States? If so, there
will be no danger of a collision.
Mr. WEBSTER. I will say to my friend, that
I have no intention to seize any property of the
United States, or to take any steps toprcventsuch
property remaining in the hands of the officers of
the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the gentleman
whether lie himself, and the people of Maryland,
are not willing to defend the property of the Uni-
ted States from alt assaults, by any and every-
body, no matter where situated?
Mr, WEBSTER. I am looking to the actual
condition of affairs in the country. If, by pre-
cipitate action in defending properly and punish-
ing treason, you bring more dangers upon my
people and upon the country, than you would by
taking a conciliatory course, I say 1 will not en-
force the laws. [Greatapplause in thegallenes.]
It is n mere question of policy. If I believed that
the Union of these States could be preserved, or
restored to harmony, by enforcing the laws and
by protecting the public prope-rty atall points, I,
and 1 believe the people of my State, almost to a
man, would rally to the enforcement of the laws
and the protection of the public property. [Re-
newed applause in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the neces-
sity of requesting that there shall be no manifesta-
tion of approbation or disapprobation in the gal-
leries. If it is allowed upon one side it must be
allowed upon the'bther and we should be con-
stantly annoyed.
Mr. WEBSTER. A gentleman near me asks
if we will carry the war into the North? Sir, I
thank the gentleman for the suggestion. I will
advise my people to carry the war into the North.
I will advise them not to rush rashly upon the
Republic because the Representatives of the Noi th
refuse—if they shall refuse—just and honorable
compromise. I will advise them to attack the
North, not with sword and musket and cannon,
but by their wisest and best men, sent into every
hamlet, village, and city, to call upon the people
to rise up in their defense. Sir, I believe that
when the conservative men of the South shall ap-
peal to the sympathy, the fraternity, and the con-
servative sentiments of their brethren of the North,
they will respond to that appeal. If icfuse
now to take steps of conciliation, I believe that
your people, when we have called upon them, ask-
ing only for our rights, and asking that in the
spirit of fraternity, will rise up m the majesty of
their power and the might of their patriotism, and
trample upon all men, crush all platforms, and
destroy all parties, which stand between them and
a full acknowledgment of the rights of their south-
ern brethren.
I repeat, I will not despair of the Republic be-
cause you refuse to take steps here for its preser-
vation. We will appeal to the power behind the
throne. We willappeal to the mighty people who
sent you here; for I feel assured that if we shall
do this, and do it in that spirit which I know the
people of Maryland, and the men of the other bor-
der States, will exhibit, your people will be will-
ing to come up again to the common altar of the
Republic,and standing with theirsouthern breth-
ren around that holy altar, I believe they will be
willing to renew to each other the vows their
fathers made in the cause of liberty, in the cause
of freedom, and in the cause of the Union, pledg-
ing to each other " their lives, their fortunes, and
their sacred honor."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt, if all the
gentleman here would forget that they ev£r be-
longed to a party, forget their party ties—I speak
of both sides of the House—would forget that
upon the stumps of their various districts they
have used exaggerated language, and made strong
declarations; and would remember that the duty
upon which they are here engaged is legislation
for the interests of the whole country, legislation
for the well-being of every man within the limits
of the country—if they would do this, I believe
we would be able to agree upon measures which
would settle these difficulties, or at least that we
could initiate measures which would lead to a
settlement. So far as I am concerned, I pledge
gentlemen that I am willing to forget self and
party; that I am willing to forget everything but
the good of my country and the honor of my
State; and I ask gentlemen to come up to the as-
sistance of the men of the South who have battled
against disunion, who have arrayed themselves
against secession; that you shall strengthen their
arms and encourage their labors, that thus they
may bring to a successful termination this battle
for the Union.
If you do this, not only the plaudits of your
fellows will be upon you, but all coming time will
heap blessings upon your heads. If you and 1
refuse to take the proper steps, if wo refuse to do
all that patriotic men should do to bring about,
such a result, then I doubt not the maledictions
notonlyof our own fellows, but of posterity and
all humanity, will buty us deep in eternal in-
famy.
Sir, I desire to leave my children no such her-
itage as this, i desire, if this Union is to be
broken up, and poverty and oppression are to be
their heritage, that the bitterest drop in all that
cup shall not be that their fatherassisted in bring-
ing these evils upon them and their country. I
desire that, when they look back to this time, in
which we might have saved a mighty nation, but
in which we destroyed one, they shall at least
believe that the man from whom they sprung did
all that his feeble efforts enabled him to do to pre-
serve his country, and the rights," liberties, and
happiness of its people.
UNION ANL) DISUNION.
SPEECH OF HON. JAS. B. McKEAN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 18, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select commiuce of tlurty-tliree—
Mr. McKEAN said:
Mr. Speaker : I have often read in the British
classics the instructive tale, entitled "A Day's
Journey: a Description of Human Life." The
great essayist, in his orotund, Anglo-Latin style,
relates that" Obidah, the son of Abensina, leftthe
caravansera early in the morning, and pursued his
journey through the plains of lndostan." The
youthful traveler, vigorous with rest, animated
with hope, and delighted with the songs of birds,
walked swiftly forwaid. When the sun was high
in the heavens, he turned from the road intoa more
shaded path which seemed to lead in the same direc-
tion. Charmed with the ever-varying landscape,
he proceeded for many hours. At length, convinced
that he was going further and further from the
main road and the end of his journey, he paused.
But his way had been so devious that he could not
return, and he was afraid to go forwaid lest he
should go wrong. Night was approaching; a
storm was gathering, and, summoning his remain-
ing energies, he ran hither and thither, not knowing
where. Darkness closed about him; the tempest
burst upon him; wild beasts howled around him;
and, appalled and exhausted, he was about to fall
and resign himself to his fate, when he suddenly
saw through the gloom the gllmriier of a taper.
Help was at hand. ;
Sir, while I have sat here silehtand sad^f .have
said to myself, how like the journey of ObMah
has been the course of this young nation. 'A7efa!
that the career of a great people should be eifed
To point a moral or adorn a' tale!" ? ^
We were born with a rich inheritance of lib-
erty in possession, and a continent jn reversion;
France came and stood sponscfrforus in the Bap-
tism of the Revolution; great nations smiled .upon
us, and welcomed us into the family of nations;
the fathers of the Republic laid their holy hands on
our heads and blessed us, and said,' 4 Bring no.more
bondmen here from Africa; take no bondmen into
the Territories, the common patrimony which we
leave you;i rest in the belief that slavery is In pro-
cess of ultimate extinction,5 and let freedom b.ethe
rule." When we were a few years older, Napo-
leon, sitting on horse-back, signed the instrument
by which France sold us Louisiana, and,-tapping
it with the hilt of his sword, said: " There,! have
ceded to that young nation across the Atlantic's
tract of country that will some day make it t|ie
greatest nation in the world." Since then, we
have acquired other vast Territories; and, alas!
for us, we have, let slavery expand—slavery, of
which Simon Bolivar said, " It is the infringe-
ment of all laws;" of which Henry Clay mud,
" It is a practical war against the rights of man-
kind." We have forgotten the fable of the farmer
and the serpent; and the monster which at first
we hated, we "then endured, then pitied, then
embraced," and now we are struggling in its fear-
ful folds. Alas! for us, we have wandered far
from the beaten track trodden by our fathers, and
now daikness surrounds us and storms burst upon
us! In the gloom, now and then, I hear voices,
some of them faintly and some more confidently,
saying, "Light! light!" What light? I ask. Is
it a star or an ignis fatuus ?
Mr. Speaker, the slaveholders have been fairly
defeated in a presidential election. They now
demand that the victors shall concede to the van-
quished all that the latter have ever claimed,and
vastly more than they could secure when they
themselves were victors. Sir, shall we yield?
Does the history of the human race afford any
paiallel to the audacity of such a demand, or the
cowardice of such a concession ? They take their
principles in one hand, and the sword in the other,
and reaching out the former, they say to us, "Take
these for your own; administer the Government
upon them, or we will strike." Nay, they have
struck. Though the Senate is theirs; the Supreme
Court theirs; the House not ours; and though we
have never had the control of the Government;
yet, without waiting for the President elect to
come into office; without waiting to see if any
wrong is to be done them; they declare the Union
dissolved; they seize upon your custom-houses,
your revenue cutters, your money, your forts,
arsenals, arms, and ammunitions; they fire upon
your vessels and your flag; they besiege your
garrisons, and imprison for treason Federal offi-
cers who obey you and not them. Do you ask,
where is our Army? I answer, sent by traitors
high in office far away among the mountains.
Do you ask, where is our Navy? I answer, sent
by traitors high in office to distant seas. Do you
ask, where are the munitions and arms designed
for the self-defense of the people'1 I answer, sent
by traitors high in office to be delivered to Rebels.
Do you ask, where are the funds of our Treasury?
I answer, plundered by traitors high in office;
traitors compared with whom, Catiline was a
patriot. Ay, sir, until overawed by that second
saviour of his country, Winfield Scott, traitors
were plotting to seize this Capitoi, and the archives
of tho Government. What, sir, shall be done?
Shall this nation, lately so boastful, now when
danger has come, skulk away like a very coward ?
Oh, for shame; let us not fall without one manly,
noble effort to stand.
Mr. Speaker, for the sake of brevity, I have
expressed certain opinions, as follows:
Resolved, That the several Siate* did not "ordain and
establish" the Constitution ; that it was made by " the? plo-
i'le of the United States, 111 order to form a more peifect
Union, establish justice, insuie domestic tranquillity, pio-
vide tor the common detente, piomotethe grnei.U welture,
and secure the blessings of liberty lo thenwilve.* ami their
posterity s" that we are not thirty-four nations, but one ua-
