806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
ground, to the manifest injustice, as the commit-
tee, and I presume the Senate when they look into
it, will readily see, and to the gross wiong of the
patentee.
Another argument in favor of the extension of
time is, that the applicant took testimony on the
28th of January. Surely, the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] would not use that kind of argu-
ment against him, when he knows that it was the
fault of the protesants that testimony was taken
on that day; for the testimony taken by the ap-
plicant was merely rebutting. On that vary day
the protestants filed an application to take testi-
mony, and did take testimony; and the applicant
took rebutting testimony. That was all ho took.
Had the protestants not taken any, he would have
taken none. He has, as the answer of the Com-
missioner shows, fully complied with the loiter of
the law, and desires nothing but the law. The
protestants arc not satisfied with this, and desire
Congress to bend the law to suit their conve-
nience.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this case,
it seems to me, is a very small one when properly
understood. The law authonzes an extension of
a patent for seven years on ceitain conditions.
What aie they ? One condition is, that the in-
vention or discovery must have been novel. An-
other is, that the inventor or discoverer must have
used reasonable diligence m introducing his im-
provement into use, and not have received a rea-
sonable remuneration for his labor bestowed upon
it during the existence of the patent for the four-
teen years for which it is first granted. That is
the law; and the Commissioner has no authority
to renew a patent for seven years, unless these
facts are made out. He docidt s upon this testi-
mony; and if he is satisfied of these facts, he may
extend the patent for seven yours.
Now, what do we see in this ease? An appli-
cation is made to renew a patent, for which the
patentee has received already, in gross, moio than
three million nine hundred thousand dollars. He
admits that he has received more than three mil-
lion nine hundred thousand dollars, in gross. It
is true he uses a good deal of this money m ex-
penses. This application is made a year before
the patent expires. How can you toll whether
he wdl not receive during the year which is to
follow, a sum sufficient to make the remuneration
ample for all the time and the labor he litis be-
stowed upon the invention? And if such appears
to be the fact, the Commissioner has no right to
extend the patent. Although the patentee should
not wait, as the Senator from Indiana says, until
the last day before he makes his application,
neither should tie make his application a year in
advance for the renewal of a patent, for which he
has received such monstrous profits as are shown
in this case. The profits this very year will be
hundreds of thousands of dollars. OfVourse they
cannot be .shown. It seems to me, that the very
fact that this application is made so long in ad-
vance, and when there is no necessity at all for
hurry, should have been a sufficient inducement
for the Commissioner to extend the time to take
testimony to any reasonable period before the
patent was about to expire.
The testimony taken on the part of the patentee
was taken, the first of it, on the 21st of January,
and ended on the 28th, and taken at various places
in diffeient parts of the United States. What
opportunity has there been to meet tins testimony r1
Witnesses have been examined m New York, in
Washington city, and in different parts of the
country; and there is no oppoitunity to meet this
testimony in seven days. No possible harm can
result to anybody from an extension of the time
for taking testimony.
Now, without going into the merits of the case
at all, H seems to me that tins application is so
manifestly proper that the Senate ought not to
hesitate a momentin allowing fui ther time to take
the testimony. But the Senator from Indiana
tells us that the attorneys say they have made out
a good case already, and it is not necessary to have
other testimony. Of course the attorneys who
were resisting the extension of this monopoly
would not state that their case was defective. They
would not admit that, because they did not know
that the time would be extended. They think, on
the case as itstands, the Commissioner ought not
to extend this patent; but, while they think so,
they say there is other testimony, and the whole
testimony ought to be in the hands of the Com-
missioner before he acts upon the case.
I am reminded by the Senator from Ohio [Mr,
Wade] that the affidavit of the attorneys is such
that it would require from any court an extension
of the time of taking testimony. What harm can
result from it? Is anybody going to be injured ?
Do you not want all the testimony ? Is there not
ample time to take it ? Is there not a very great
impropriety in deciding this case a year in ad-
vance, and saying that Mr. McCormick has not
received a reasonable remuneration for the time
and labor he has bestowed on this improvement,
when he has received from it nearly four million
dollars; and may, for aught we know, receive
another million during the ensuing year, which
will never be brought into the account if the case
is now to be closed? If the time is to be extended
at all, it must be done immediately, for I see the
argument is fixed for the 11th of February.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I know noth-
ing but what 1 have heard fall here as to the mer-
its of this eontrovcisy. I neither know the value
of Mr. McCormick's patent, except from gen-
eral reputation, nor the extent of his gams; butit
seems to me that we arc about to adopt a prece-
dent (if we suffer this joint resolution of the House
of Representatives to pass either before going to
a committee or after going to a committee) far
beyond any attempt that Congress has previously
made to interfere with the ordinary execution of
the laws.
This resolution was passed in the House of
Representatives on the 5th of February, and came
to the Senate on the 6th, as appears from the
Journals. It came here two days ago, and it is
called up to-day, and we are asked to pass—what?
What is the character of the resolution ? To as-
sume Imre judicial functions in an individual case
involving individual rights. Whether 1 look at
the Constitution as regards its intent of keeping
separate the judicial and legislative powers, or
whether I look.it the impossibility of supposing
that j ust ice can ever beadministeied by a legislative
body who heal pi oceed mgsaltoge ther ex parte,who
suffer themselves to do what, if a judge were to do,
he would be disgraced—that is, receive the per-
sonal application, the personal statement,and the
personal solicitations of individuals for or against
the particular measure—it seems to me that if wo
carry the system, as it would be carried in this
case, to the extent, not of granting any tiling which
does not exist, but of interfering with the ordi-
nary action under a general law, we are grossly
abusing the powers of Confess.
It is nothing to ine whether the public or Mr.
McCormick be interested in this matter. I have
no right to assume that the Commissioner of Pat-
ents will not discharge his duty rightfully, and
make a proper decision on the evidence before
him. He may reject this proposed renewal of the
patent. Under the Constitution, your authority
is to pass laws for the protection of inventors and
discoverers of improvements and processes which
are of great utility to the public. Your aiuhonty
is to give adequate rewaids under geneud laws.
You have passed a general law which authorizes
an inventor, in the first instance, to have a patent
for fourteen yeais with the right of renewal, which
you confide judicially to the investigation of an
executive officer thoroughly skilled m the whole
matter, and competent for the discharge of his
duties. Then; is no allegation here, no attempt to
show'that there is any fraudulent bias on the part
of the person who is authorized to decide; but
you arc asked to do—what? When, m the course
of a judicial investigation under a general lav/,
the officer having the authority has formally de-
cided that there is no reasonable ground for the
further prolongation of the controversy between
the parties, whoever they may be, Congress is to
come m by special law and nullify that judicial
I decision ot the officer. It is an attempt to inter-
j fere in an ex parte manner, on a mere one-sided
] statement, for it conn s to that; and without even
! the investigation or recommendation of a com-
1 mUtee, you are to take away from a man the rights
! that belong to him under your laws, because the
j public may be mteie^:cd in resisting the exten-
i sion of ins patent. Do you know what the Com-
' nnssioner will decide' No. Sir, I would just as
soon vote m favor of a bill where there was a case
pending m the circuit court of the United States
involving millions of dollars, and they often do
so depend between A and B, where the court had
decided that according to the general rules of the
law of evidence, there was no further reason for
protracting the controversy or extending the time
for taking evidence—I should just as lief think of
undertaking to revise that judicial decision by in-
terposing the law, and saying that one side should
have a right which the general law did not give
him, as I would vote in favor of this resolution.
You are assuming judical powers to the broadest
extent. You are interfering m the administration
of justice in the country between man and man,
if you pass this resolution that is now before you.
1 do not enter into the question atall of whether
the Commissioner ought to have granted more
time or not. I have had no opportunity to read
his reasons; and if I had, he did not state them
for our inspection. They may go far beyond it.
His judicial opinion, I understand, is given why
he deri..d the motion before him for a further
postponement as to the time of taking evidence.
Is this a proper body to controvert that ? Is this
a proper body to investigate a question of that
kind? Honorable Senators may have constituents
who come to them, and tell them, "we have a
vast interest in this matter; we think the general
law ought to be set aside, and that you ought to
assumejudicial functions, in order to prevent the
officer from carrying out the laws that exist accord-
ing to the duties that are imposed on him." I can-
not reason m that mode , Mr. President. I cannot
believe it can ever come to good. Whether this
patent is to be rcnc.v ed, or rejected, or suffered to
die at the termination ot the present grant, makes,
to me, no matter of difference. The question of
amount is nothing compared with the false prin-
ciple embodied in this resolution.
I do not know how it will affect my constitu-
ents. They are an agricultural people. I dare
say they, and the public generally, if the patent
is valuable, would like to get rid of the stringency
of it, and of the emolument paid to the inventor,
as soon as possible. It is very probable there
are hundreds of men in my State who would be
in favor of having this resolution passed, because
the object is simply to extend the opportunity for
litigation. It is, m fact, though, an interference
with the judicial course of action, in favor of one
man or one set of men against another man. I can-
not sanction, by any vote of mine, such action on
the pait of Congress. I am very sure that justice,
whether it be between one man and many men,
oNbjtween a man and the State, must be imper-
sonal, if it is intended to be justice atall. The
moment you suffer individual claimants to come
to members of Congi"S,s privately, and tell them,
"This will be very .n; ;,ious to us; this interest
andthatintercst wii; ' • "'ectedbyit;"andyouas-
sume that as a grou.id t legislative action, and
intei rupt the ordinal " piocess of the laws, with
no chaig of fraud made, no charge of incompe-
tency against the officer who is about to decide
upon the question and has not yet decided as to
the rights of the parties, it seems to me that there
would not be a possibility of justice being done
in such a ea.<o. I admit the major influence in
such cases would generally prevail. Sometimes
it might prevail for the purpose of obtaining a
patent which ought not to be granted. Some-
times it might obtain for the purpose of defeating
a patent winch, according to your laws, ought to
be extended. But it is no matter whether we are
in favor of the extension or of the rejection ofthis
application of McCormick, or whoever the party
may be; that is not a subject which, in my judg-
ment, wucan safely touch. It rests, by your laws,
in the hands of the Commissioner; and you vio-
late the first great principles of law when you at-
tempt in the Legislature to interpose in judicial
action between man and man.
These are objections to the resolution,whether
it goes to a committee or not. It only makes it
worse not to send it to a committee. In the face
of the rights of parties, you are to undertake to
interfere with those rights, because the right to
have a case heard, according to general law, and
the right, when evidence has been taken on both
sides, to have that case decided, beyond all ques-
tion belongs to every citizcn in every dispute that
arises under a general law. I defy gentlemen to
distinguish, if they can, between this case and an
attempt made here to interpose against a decision,
for instance, of a court of equity, which is very
common, where an application has been made to
