APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
56te-Oosg....2d Sess.
Union and Disunion—Mr. 3£cKean.
Ho. of Keps.
lion, made such by the Constitution, and known to the
world as the American' nation ; that every nation ha-? the
right of &clf-pro«jerv\ition, the rt^tu to defend itself against
enemies from without ami traitors? from within, and the
right £o coerce eveiy citizen who resists the execution of
its law;?. '
But I am asked, shall the Government send
troops to invade the seceding States and put down
the rebellion by force-of arms? Shall judges,
marshals, and district attorneys be appointed for
those Suites,and be furnished with dragoons and
infantry and artillery to enable them to discharge
therr'duties? Shall each mail carrier be furnished
withacompany ofsoldiers to guard his mail bags?
ShaUcdch post office be convened into a fortress?
Shall fleets and armies be employed to collect the
customs at ports where, even in time of peace, the
revenue is much less than the expense of collect-
ing it? But one answer can be given to these
questions and ihut is an emphatic no.
But what shall be done to maintain the integ'-
rit^ of the Government, and make those who
assail it sensible of their folly r Some weeks since
I introduced a bill to close the ports of South Car-
olina* to foreign trade. Since then, other States
have assumed to secede, which may make it ne-
cessary to extend the application of that prin-
ciple. The committee to whom that bill was
rcfeired have, through Mr. John Cochrane,
repotted a bill applicable to all similar cases. Let
that bill pass, and be carried into effect; let every
port to which it shall apply be blockaded by a
revenue cutter, orothersufficientforce to prevent
contraband trade; and let our fortresses in such
ports be sufficiently garrisoned for the same pur-
pose.
It will be no objection to this policy that, while
it punishes the disloyal citizens of the extreme
South, it wilialso drive much of their trade,over
inland toutes, to other and loyal States and ports;
nor will it be any objection to it that it saves to
tlie Treasury a larger sum'than the revenue of
those ports amounts to. We will not compel the
disloyal States to accept our mail service, nor
beseech their Senators and Representatives to re-
main in Congress. We will control the Missis-
sippi river, and keep this Capitol; aijfl wait—
patiently, firmly wait. Time will be our ally. In
the recent election the disunionists were beaten
in several of the southern States, aud hard pressed
in seveial more, by men who took their stand on
" the Union, the Constitution, and the enforce-
ment of the laws." We stand there to-day. Let
us continue to stand there, and pursue the digni-
fied,forbearing, Fabian policy referred to; and will
they not rise again and come and stand by us,
and bring otheis with them?
It is proposed that the power to clo.se the ports
be conferred upon the President, instead of being
exercised by Congress. I care little about the
mode of doing it, provided it be done. But I can-
not forgot who is President; and that he 1ms failed
to exercise many of the powers he already pos-
sesses, and has perverted others, and that he is
more responsible than all others forour calamities.
MarinoFalioro, Doge ofVenice, plotted toovcr-
throw the institutions of his country. lie and
his co-conspirators were convicted of treason;
they were hanged, and he was beheaded. IIix
portrait was not admitted to range with those of
his brother doges in the hall of the great coun-
cil; but in tlie fiame which it should have occu-
pied, the Venetians hung a black vail.
When the history of our unhappy, but again
to be gloiimi5? country shall be. fully written, the
name of Washington, unequaled in greatness
and goodness; of Jefferson, whose love oflibeitv
was as pure as a mother's love; of the Adamses,
whose great public services were equaled only
by their private virtues, in both of which each
rivaled the other: of Jackson, whose stem soul
was given to his country, and the union of his
country, with the devotion of a lover; the names
of these great men, and those of their patriotic
successors, shall illumine the leaves of that his-
tory. But, alas! sir, some black—would they
were blank—pages shall be the mournful record
of James Buchanan's adminstration. Let us try
to hope that at least some lunar light may fall
on its finis.
1 am reconciled to the proposition to give to the
President the power to close ports of entry, only
by the consideration that we shall soon have a
President who will want neither the courage nor
the disposition to do his duty.
Some days since I introduced here the follow-
ing proposition:
" Wherea>lhc ' Gulf States* have assumed to secede from
the* Union, and it w deemed impojtant to prevent the ' bor-
dei slave States'ft om lol lowing their example; and whereas
is believed that tho>e who are inflexibly opposed to any
In-'fe-uro of compiomi-e or concession that involves or
may involve, a sacrifice ol principle or the extension of
slavery, would nevertheless cheerfully concur in any law-
ful measure (01 the emancipation of the slaves : Therefore, i
"Resolved, That the select committee of five be instructed
to mqune whether, by consent of tin; people, orof the State
government?, or by compensating the slaveholders, it be
practicable ior the Ccneinl Government to pioenre the
emancipation of the slaves m some, or all, of the ' border
States;' and if so, to report a bill lor that purpose."
In the brief hour allowed me, I cannot fully
discuss the report of the committee of thirty-throe,
much less the great questions involved in this res-
olution. On some other occasion, I hope to dis-
cuss the measure of compensated emancipation.
I will only say now, that if the offer thus to eman-
cipate the slaves shall be made and accepted, our
difficulties are solved; but if made and rejected,
let the slaveholders ever afterwards hold their
peace.
Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Boteler,] on the first day of this ses-
sion, moved the appointment of a compromise
committee of thirty-three, one member from each
State, i gave my vote m the negative. I shall not
now offer any reasons for that vote. I was satis-
fied with it then, ant! am rnoie satisfied with it
now. Let the record stand. Such committee
was constituted; and some of its northern mem-
bers, the southern members not concurring, have
proposed various measures.
They propose to admit New Mexico as a State.
When we acquired that Territory, slavery was
prohibited there by the laws then in force. We
proposed to affirm that prohibition; but were told
that it would be only " reenacting the law of
God." Some years have passed away, and on
looksnginto the statute-book of that Territory, we
find that wicked men, " instigated by the Devil,"
ha\e repealed u tin4 law of God," and enacted m
its place a most diabolieal statute,establishing Af-
rican slavery, and i educing lined men and women,
win ther white or black, to slavery. Gentlemen
say confidently that New Mexico will be a free
State; and, at the same time, propose to bring her
m as a measure of conciliation. But who can say
that she desires to come in now, or can defray the
expenses of a State Government* And how arc
pro-slavery rebels to be (oueiliated by offering
them another free State? I cannot comprehend
huc.h conciliation. But if 1 should help now to
coerce her to come into the Union, and she should
come with the law referred to, sanctioned by a
State constitution, I should not only hide myself
from my constituents, but, whipped by my con-
science, I should skulk thiough the rest of my
life, endeavoiing to hide myself from myself.
Have gentleman so soon forgotten the invasion of
Kansas? Sir, I fear that an enabling act foi Now
• Mexico at this time would transfer, or rather ex-
tend, the civil war into that Temtory. At all
events, if she should come oito the Union as a
free State, it will not conciliate the South; if she
should corneas a pro-slavery, seceding State, we
do not want her.
It is proposed to request northern States to re-
peal such " personal liberty " or " anti-kidnapping
acts," or parts of acts, as arc unconstitutional, if
any are so. Well, sir, we did that some weeks
ago, when we voted foi the 1 (-solution of the gen-
tleman from New Jcisey, [Mr. Adrain;] and no
southern State or southern man was appeased
thereby. And why shall this Hall echo with com-
plaints against 1101 thern, and be silent as to south-
ern, legislation and action? Let me make a de-
mand against the South:
Whereas the Constitution requires that k'the citizens of
each State s-halJ be entitled to at! the privileges and mirnu-
mue,ot citizens m the several Stales;" ui.d whciean m
i-ome of the >Statc-< ciuzen< of other States ate frequently,
ahmxt daily. maltreated, s-eouraed, impugned, and even
put to death, toi no othu cause tuan that they voted for Lin-
coln and llanilm, or reside at the Notth. or prefer, or are
believed to profei, (Veo laivn to slave labor. Theiefore,
Resolved* That American citizens should be pioteeted by
"iurthei jruaiantecs," 01 otherwise, tiom ouuases m their
own land, which would be cau&e ot war weie they inflicted
upon them in any foreign land, either civilized or savage.
I have long been of the opinion that the fugi-
tive slave act should be greatly modified. Let
me, in the form of a resolution, point out one grave
objection to it:
Whereas the act of Congicss. approved September 18,
1850, commonly called " the fugitive slave act," authoiizes
the officers who issue, or are to execute, process tor the
arrest and rendition of fugitives fiotn labor, to summon and
call to theiraid the.b$*standers, and commands ail good cit-
izens to aid and a-sist whenevei so required ; and whereas
he who is compelled against his will to enter into the ser-
vice of the slaveholder, and pursue, seize, and give back
to bondage the self-liberated slave, is himself a slave; and
whereas it is inciediblc that the puie and patriotic men
who made the Constitution intended, not only to give the
slaveholder the privilege of recovering his " straying prop-
erty," but the power to reduce fieo men to slavery, and
compel them to do it foi him: Therefore,
Resolved, That the so-called lreeinen of the land should
be emancipated from this odious servitude.
The Missouri compromise act neither prohib-
ited, established , nor protected slavery south of the
line designated by it. But the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] now proposes that, in
all the territory which we have since acquired
south of that line, and in all that we may in fu-
ture acquire, slavery shall be not only permitted,
but protected. I will not attempt to show how,
if we grant this demand, we should be giving to
the slaveholders what they could not secure when
they controlled every branch of the Government,
executive, legislative, and judicial; nor will 1 at-
tempt to show how we should thereby encourage
them to involve us in wars with our neighbors to
acquire more territory in which to establish sla-
very. The proposition is a startling one.
Several amendments are proposed to the Con-
stitution in order to give slavery new guarantees.
Sir, if that instrument js to be amended for that
purpose, let us make thorough work of it:
Resolved, That disunion and treason may be rendered
lawiul by adding to aitiele two of the Constitution, the fol-
lowing amendment, to wit:
Sec. 5. Whenever a party shall be beaten in an election
for Pi evident and Vice President, such paitymay rebel and
take up arms, and, unless the successful shall adopt as its
own the piinejples of the defeated part) , and cam-ant to
such amunhnents of the Constitution as the latter party
shall dictate, then, in such case, the Union shall be at an
end.
But if the people desire it, let them have a con-
stitutional convention, so called and constituted
as that freedom shall stand at least an equal chance
with slavery.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House are
loud in their demands that all platforms be now
abandoned. Sir, they may well abandon their
platform, which never shouid have been adopted,
and which the people have repudiated. But that
is not what they mean. They mean that we shall
abandon ours and adopt theirs. Sir, I care noth-
ing for a platform unless it embodies great truths.
Some years ago a party, by its delegates, met in
convention in Philadelphia, and adopted a plat-
form, to maintain which they pledged their lives,
their foi tunes, and their sacred honor. But one
member of that party deserted that platform, and
ever since the name of Benedict Arnold has been
a synonym of perfidy. The treason of the pro-
slavery Democracy has not, convinced me that my
principles are wrong. Had we never yielded to
the unjust and imperious demands of the slave-
holders, they would not now be in arms, in the.
language of 'Grattan, " It is the slave that makes
the tyrant, and then murmurs at the tyrant that
he himselfhas constituted." The Union maybe
saved, but not by surrendering libtrty. Let it
never be said of me: To save the body of his coun-
try he sacrificed its soul. But rather let it be said
of me: He lov< d the Union much—the rights of
man more. We have it in our power to prove to
the woild that there are two Independence days
in the history of our country—the one July 4,
1776; the other November 6, I860. The Whig
party died because many of its ieadeis were cow-
aids, and durst not do right. The Democratic
party is dying, if not dead, because many of its
leaders were villains, and durst do wrong. As for
us, being right, let us dare to do right, and have
some faith in truth, and justice, and God. A few
days since the Czar of Russia made himself im-
mortal by lifting twenty millions of his subjects
from bondage up to freedom. Monarchs abolish
slavery; and princes, nobles, and commons, sub-
mit. We ask that slavery extend no further;and
our nobility rebel. Well, sir, it will be seen which
