1861.]
APPENDIX'TO THE- COMJB1SSI0M/
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Freedom takes u no step bachioards"—-Mr. Blake.
;Hb-.WRw#)"'
are the stronger, the slave masters or their mas-
ters, the people.
"The gods in bounty work upstorms about us,
That give mankind occasion to exert
Their hidden strength, and throw out into practice
Virtues that shun the day, and he concealed
In the smooth seasons and the calms of life."
Mr. Speaker, is this great nation about to fall?
Are the truths of the Declaration of Independence
to be " crushed to earth?" Is the sword to be
wrested from the hand of justice and the bal-
ance-beam of her scales broken ? Are the bundled
fasces of the Republic to fre torn asunder? Is our
eagle to be brought from towards the sun, and
bound at the foot of a pigmy palm, around which
Is coiled the loathsome thing that crept with a
curse out of Paradise} Look, sir, across the city
from the western front of the Capitol. You see the
unfinished monument to the Father of his Coun-
try. How unworthy is it of the memory of that
highest style of man. Teil me, sir, is that unfin-
ished pile to be the fitting head-stone to the buried
liberties of a fallen nation? Sir, look further on
from the western front ol the Capitol. On a gentle
eminence yousee thcNationaiObservatory. There
the astronomer nightly turnw his telescope towards
the starry heavens, and, amid the greater glories of
the skies, here and there, he sees little, irregular
bodies. We arc told that those asteroids are frag-
ments of greater worlds, once members of our
solar system, and burst asunder by great convul-
sions. Perhaps those greater worlds were inhab-
ited by intelligent beings, and perhaps some of
those beings may have survived for awhile on those
riven and blasted fragments. If so, I do not doubt
that they thought that the universe had been
wrecked. No doubt, foratime, there was discord
in the skies; but harmony was soon restored; and
ever since, as for centuries before, those that have
had ears to hear have heard the music of the
spheres. Torrid Mercury still stands near the sun,
and frigid Herschel faraway, while still between
are the " red helmet of Mars," and the maiden
face of Venus. So shall it be with this Republic,
made of many republics. An astral system shall
still shine on the blue field of our baryier. What
though some of those stars be dimmed, or even
destroyed? Others shall come shining into the
group, as new planets sometimes greet the gaze
of the astronomer, and, in the light of the central
sun of Libetty, we will go back to the way in
which our fathers went, and whence we have
wandered.
FREEDOM TAKES " NO STEP BACKWARDS."
SPEECH OF HON. II. G. BLAKE,
of onio,
In the House of Repudsentatives,
February 19, 18G1-
The House having under consideration the report fiom
the select committee of thnty-tbree—
Mr. BLAKE said:
Mr. Speaker: The events now transpiring
around us wiil cast their shadows upon coming
ages. The words uttered now—be they words
of wisdom or folly—will ring in the ears of fu-
ture generations to the remotest period of time.
We are passing through a crisis in the history of
our country which has no parallel in the history
of the world. A few short months since, and the
various political parties of the day were organiz-
ing and drilling their forces for apolitical conflict,
the like of winch had occurred once in fouryeais
in our political history ever since the adoption of
the Constitution, in 1789. All felt that it was a
great conflict, great to those who had for many
years held the offices of the country, and used
their official positions to plunder the people and
bankrupt the Government; great to those who
had made use of the Government, in defiance of
the Constitution, to foster, protect, and extend
slavery; and gieat to the mass of the people who
desired to bring the Government back to the well
tried paths of vn tue, economy, and constitutional
liberty, so well defined by Washington and Jef-
ferson m their administration of the Federal Gov-
ernment.
But great as the several parties engaged in this
conflict may have regarded the issue, no man
could have been made to believe then that the
unsuccessful party would refuse to obey the voice
of the people when constitutionally expressed at
the ballot-box. Sir, for more than half a century
the people of this nation hjave been engaged every
four years, with high political excitement, in the
election of a President} and the pride of the na-
tion and the admiration of the civilized world in
regard to our country has been that, however tur-
bulent and excited the people may have become
during these contests, no sooner than the will of
the majority expressed through the ballot-box
is known, than that will is respected and obeyed
by all.
By thus acting, our people have put to shame
the dynasties of the Old World, and vindicated
the right of the people to govern themselves; they
have solved that great problem, which for ages
had engaged the attention of the philanthropist
and philosopher, and made evident to the world
" that man can be governed, and yet be free."
Sir, what do we see now? For the first time in
the history of our country we see a portion of the
men engaged in the election of a President refuse
to obey the will of the people, expressed at the
ballot-box. For the first time, sir, since the adop-
tion of the Constitution, we find an organized
minority in open rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the people, and with the avowed determ-
ination of-destroying both the Constitution and
the Union. It is true, that South Carolina, in
1832, attempted something of the same character,
and which had the same objects in view; but it
was not carried to the same extent; because the
patriotism of General Jackson rose higher than
party fealty, and he, as President of the United
States, brought the power of the Federal Gov-
ernment to bear on the rebellious State, to coerce
her into subjection to the Constitution and laws.
Sir, I would speak with candor and moderation,
rather in sorrow than anger, and with an earnest
desire to bring tins crisis to a peaceable solution:
but, at the same time, I would speak the tiuth
with all plainness. With no hostile feeling to-
ward any section of our country, regaiding the
North and the South, the East and the West, all
alike, my country, I should deeply regret to add
anything to the flames of sectional excitement
which now unhappily prevails. These excite-
ments in the South have been produced by false-
hood, and they must be allayed by truth.
Sir, the circumstances which surround us here
are very peculiar. A short time ago, during the
political contest that was then going on in the
country, while each party was marshaling its
hosts for the final result on the 6th day of Novem-
ber, 1860, everyman, woman, and child in the na-
tion looked foraconclusion of thatcontestin peace
and harmony, as such contests had always here-
tofore terminated. When we assembled here at
thecommencementofthis Congress, we all looked
forward to a submission on the part of the minority
of the people to that overwhelming voice of the ma-
jority that had gone up from all over our country,
proclaiming to the woild that Abtaham Lincoln
was elected President of the Unitid States. But,
what do wo now behold J What was the spectacle
exhibited here a few days since on thecounting of
the votes forPresidentand Vice President? Why,
sir, sovereign States that had gone into the elec-
tion, and thereby pledged their faith to abide the
result, came here and had their votes counted,
when at the same time they we it m the commis-
sion of treason against the Federal Government,
and endeavoring to destroy the Union ! Sir, the
civilized world is amazed—it is amazing to honest
men everywhere—to behold the action of these
States, and of the men in them, who are pushing
these things to extiomilies.
These men say they will dissolve the Union
and destroy the Government. For what is this
to be done ? Has there any aggression been com-
mitted against any of the seceding States by the
General Government* No man pretends it. "VVhat
then, arc the grievances of which these States
complain? Is your slave property less secure to-
day than it was ten years ago? Every slave-
holder knows that he has nothing to fear on the
subject of slavery in the States where that relation
exists by force of law. Is it because of the per-
sonal liberty bills of the free States, and the non-
cxecution of the fugitive slave law? The personal
liberty bills were, most of them,passed before the
passage of the fugitive slave law, and were made
to protect the rights of freemen. Nearly oye'ry-'
slave ^tate has such laws noW in'fOrCe for theipr©--
tection of freemen. Ha*ve any of* Che secefeigy
States ever lost a slave by these personal liberty'
bills or by the non-execution of tnefugitive sla^e--
law ? Not one, sir. No man can show thata'ny
one of the States now in rebellion agaihst-the€<m-
stitution and the Union, have any just cause?*to
complain of either personal liberty bills,-or the?
non-perfdrmance of duty on the part of the-Gen
eral Government in enforcing the fugitive slave
law. On this subject the Senator from Georgia*
[Mr, Iverson] remarked: s / *
" We have a fugitive slave law of which the South does
not complain. It is sufficiently guarded to accomjjlieii alt
the objects for which it was designed, If there "was a propel?
public sentiment in the northern States. No better fugitive
slave law could be devised by this Congress or apy other.
It clothes the judiciary and Executive of thl<? Government
with ample powers to execute the laws. We do not com-
plain that any Executive has ever been derelict in Ins duty
in the discharge of this law. Mr. I'Mliinore was l^esi-dept
when this law was passed, and it received his sanction ;
and J nm ready to say, that so far as he was concer ed0ift
cairieri it out. Gencial Pierce carried it out, and the pres-
ent Executive. So far as they have the power, tftey iiave
done their duty faithfully." ' . .
Sir, I venture to say that no law, so barbarous
in its provisions as that fugitive slave law, was'
ever enforced by a Christian nation with ono4i6lf
the fidelity that that law has been. • . " '
Why, sir, the Government has made it a spo-'
cialty for the last eight years to force slavery on'
the people of Kansas, to plunder the national'
Treasury, and to catch runaway negroes. The
two Inst Administrations seem to have no higher
conceptions of statesmanship than the accom-
plishment of these purposes. Sir, when a nigger
runs away, the Army and Navy is immediately
put into requisition, and the proclamation of the
President issued to the good people of the United
States to make haste and catch the pOor slave, and
coerce him into subjection; but when a sovereign
State runs away, the President calls on all the
people to sing psalms in the hearing of South
Carolina, and sends a special message to Con-
gress, asking this body to be very circumspect in
its legislation, lest, by hasty action, it mi|fht cre-
ate a coolness between that State an<f the Federal
Government.
Sir, a few months since, when the news came
here that Montgomery and a few others in Kan-
sas had helped some slaves to escape, the Presi-
dent at once sent an efficient ofiicer of the Army,
in the command of a sufficient force, to enforce
the laws and coerce Montgomery and his men
into subjection; but when South Carolina sets the
laws of theUnited States at defiance, fires on our
national flag while waving over a United States
unarmed ship, loaded with provisions and men
for a national fortress, Mr. Buchanan says it will
never do to send men and arms to protect the
public property and enforce the laws, for that
would be coercing a sovereign State! Sir, Gen-
einl Jackson and George Washington did not so
understand their duties. The one put down nulli-
fication with the Army and the Navy in South
Carolina; and the other the whisky insurrection
in the State of Pennsylvania. No one tjien sup-
posed that a State was being coerced by enforc-
ing the laws and punishing traitors.
Sir, what has the South to complain of? There
is not a law on the statute-book of the United States
affecting slavery which was not put there at the
demand of the slave power, and by the votesof
its friends. The Missouri compromise, the fugi-
tive slave law, and compromise measures of 1850,
were all passed by Congress at the dictation of
slaveholders, and supported by then-friends. The
North has talked about restriction on slavery in
the Territories,but no act for that purpose has been
passed: so that the laws of the United States^to-
day on the subject of slavery are just what the
slaveholdinginteiest has made them. Do the slave
States apprehend any danger from the legislation
of Congress on the part of the Republican party.'
I^cannot be possible; it would be an imputation
on the intelligence of southern gentlemen to think
otherwise. What is the state of parties in Con-
gress, sir ? Why, in the Senate those opposed to
the Republican party have fourteen majority: and
in the House nine majority. In the next Congress
the majority against the Republicans in the Senate
