1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
extend the time for taking depositions* and the
court has refused it, and the parties come here
and ask Congress to pass a special law overruling
the decision of the court, and you should under-
take to look at that"decision, and say, " we do
not think the ground for refusing the extension of
time was sufficient, and therefore, «n this individual
case, we will give to the party rights which do not
belong to him under the general law of the land;"
in other words, sir, we will suffer personal favor
to take the place of impersonal justice. I can vote
for no such resolution, no matter how it affects
individuals, come up in what shape it may.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The morning hour having expired,
it is incumbent upon the Chair—this day having
been assigned by order of the Senate for the con-
sideration of the Private Calendar—to announce
that the first bill upon that Calendar is in order,
and now before the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish barely to say in rela-
tion to the first business upon the Private Calen-
dar, that heretofore I have held professional rela-
tions on the subject of the patent in general,which
have been such, although they do not affect the
present question before the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, as to render it improper for me to vote on
the bill before the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all further
business, in order to continue this matter. (" Oh,
no!"] It will take but a moment to pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
with diffidence, will suggest, the day having been
assigned by special resolution to the considera-
tion of the Private Calendar, that the appropriate
motion, and the only appropriate motion, is a
motion to suspend ihui order.
Mr. WxVDE. Well, I move to suspend that
order.
Mr. BIGLER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Ohio to permit the reading of the message
of the President, which is on the table.
Mr. WADE, i suppose it will take but a mo-
ment to finish this resolution, i do not wish to
say anything more about it. But let us take a
vote upon it; because, if we postpone it, of course
there will be no use of ever calling it up again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to suspend the
order assigning this day for the consideration of
the Private Calendar.
Mr. BRAGG. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope this motion will not pre-
vail. Notwithstanding what the Senator from
Ohio has said as to the time the resolution which
has been before the Senate during the morning
hour will take, I am perfectly satisfied, from what
I see all around me, that if we go into that subject,
and suspend the regular order of the day, we shall
have the greater part of the day consumed in the
discussion of this McCormick matter. I am per-
fectly satisfied of that; and now, in the name of
private claimants who are here before Congress,
who have certainly some claim upon the consid-
eration of the body, when they have had but one
day during the session—last Friday was appro-
priated to another business—and when this day
was specially assigned for the consideration of
private bills something like a week ago, I n^k for
them some consideration by the Senate, and by the
Senator from Ohio himself. I am satisfied that
the matter" he is now pressing will take up the
greater partof the day, if not the whole of it. The
indications all around me are to that effect; and
I really think that, under the circumstances, the
motion of the Senator from Ohio ought not to pre-
vail. I make an appeal to the Senate, and I feel
it my duty to do so as in some degree represent-
ing some of these claims.
Mr, WADE. I am satisfied, sir, that no more
important question has been before the Senate for
a long time than the one which is contained in this
resolution of the Mouse of Representatives. I am
also satisfied, and so is everybody else, that this
great question now must turn upon the vote about
to be taken, whether this motion shall prevail or
not; because, if the resolution nowgets the go-by,
there is the end of it. i have no desire to consume
time, and I have refrained from reading the affi-
davits of the attorneys who have opposed this re-
newal; but in those affidavits they make outa case
such as would suffice in any court under heaven
to secure an extension of time, in order that tes-
timony might be had. If you believe them, and
I suppose you arc bound to believe them, they
say in their affidavits why theyhave not been able
to take all the testimony they desire; they show
how material it is; and they show that the merits
of the case cannot be reached without the testi-
mony which they desire. Now, if we permit this
question to go by, there is the end of it; because
the Commissioner has utterly refused to give them
any longer time than Monday next; and there-
fore, every Senator who believes that McCor-
mick, having received $4,000,000 for his patent
already, ought not to receive any more from the
pockets of the public, will vote, I trust, for the
suspension of the rules, and for continuing the
consideration of this resolution until we getavotc
upon it.
Mr. FITCH. The object of the Senator from
Ohio will not be attained—namely, the passage of
the joint resolution to-day—by that course. The
Senator from Illinois on this side [Mr. Douglas]
intends to he heard on the question; and a single
objection will prevent the passage of the resolu-
tion to-day; and that objection will most assuredly
be made. I think he had better let the resolution
take the usual course, and go to the Committee
on Patents. [" Question !" " Question 1"]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iam sorry to delay an
impatient body with reference to this matter; but
I want simply to say, that I shall vote for the
postponement for the simple reason given by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] which is, that
a vote against th<> postponement, it'successful,de-
feats his object entirely. Though, ordinarily, I
would go with the chairman of the Committee on
Claims, to pass over a resolution like this, and
take up the claims assigned for to-day, yet, when
a question comes up which is alleged to be of
very great consequcnce, and which can only be
settled by the postponement of the Private Calen-
dar, I think it is a fair argument; because if that
be true—and I have no doubt it is, from what is
said by the Senator from Ohio—the postponement
is destiuction to the measure. Wo ought at least
to afford an opportunity to the Senate to vote
upon it, even if a day which was assigned for pri-
vate bills does go by; because another day can
be given them, but there can be no other day for
this particular question.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that the Senator
fiom Maine is deceived in his view of this ques-
tion. My colleague says the argument is u> com-
mence next Monday. Now, if he thinks that law-
yers* are goinc to moke short work of a case that
, involves $4,000,000, he is greatly mistaken. There
will be plenty of time for argument, and plenty
of time, if necessary, for more testimony. Sen-
ators say that there is all this vast amount of
money received by Mr. McCormick. 1 did not
know it before. I do not know how they know
it, unless they have heard it from somebody else.
But if it be so that he has received this amount of
money, and our committee ascertain it to be the
fact, and the Commissioner ascertains it to be the
fact, I take it for granted that (he patent will not
be extended; I take that for certain.
In the next place, if our committee ascertain,
between this and Monday, as they can, that pass-
ing this resolution does no injury, as these Sen-
ators say, I shall be ready to vote for it; but I am
not to be humbugged into the passing of a reso-
lution on ex parte statements, and upon represent-
ations of the necessity of haste, surprising the
Senate into the passage of a proposition which
we may find afterwards to be productive of the
utmost mischief. I almost always find that when
things are pressed in that way, if is because they
do notbear much examination. I shall vote, there-
fore, against suspending the regular order; but if
that be carried, ! shall adhere to my motion to
refer the joint resolution to the proper com-
mittee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to inquire whether
a single objection does carry this joint resolution
over, as the Senator from Indiana supposes? It
is under the control of the Senate, as I understand.
It came from the House of Representatives yes-
terday, or the day before, and is now called up
in its regular order, and a single objection cannot
j prevent its passage. It is subject to the will of
! the majority.
| Mr. DURIvEE. Will it be in order to amend
! this motion by saying that to-morrow shall be
set aside for the consideration of the 'Private Cal-
endar? " ' 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foo;t.)
That motion will not be in order. The question
is on setting the Private Calendar aside to-day,
and continuing the consideration of this joilft res-
olution.
Mr. FITCH. It is possible that I erretl m
saying that a single objection would carry over
this joint resolution. A single objection will carry
it over, of course, if it has been read'the first stnd ,
second times to-day; but if it has received its first \
and second readings previously, I do not know |
that it would; but I desire to call the attention of j
the Senate for one moment to one other .point in \
the case,and especially to call the attention of the
members of the Committee on the Judiciary, and &
of other fair-minded Senators, to that point, when
I had the honor of serving in the other end of the
Capitol, some years since, this same man, McCor-
mick, applied to Congress to give him an exten-
sion of his original patent; ana the ground of the
application was that he had delayed his applica-
tion for a renewal at the Patent Office too late to
get all his testimony before the Commissioner,
and have it properly examined, and therefore the
Commissioner could not grant it. We ruled him
to the strict letter of the law, and would notgive
him the extension. Now, suppose we violate the
law to his prejudice when he has complied with
it: what will be the consequence? Will it not be
very hard toward him?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
answer the inquiry which was made by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, by saying that he is informed
by the Secretary that this jointresolution has had
two readings before to-day; and therefore, if the
question comes on its third reading, a single ob-
jection does not control it. The question now is
on the motion to suspend the order assigning to-
day for the consideration of the Private Calendar;
the yeas and nays have been ordered, and the
Clerk will call the roll.
The Secretary ffc-oceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BAKER, (when his name was called:) I
have paired off with the senior Senatorfrom Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Gwin] on the direct question; and I
think it is proper, therefore, to refrain from voting
on the incidental one.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from California is
aware of the presence of the Senator from Oregon,
and deems his pair at an end, unless it has been
renewed this morning.
Mr. BAKER. The Senator from California
said that, as we usually voted opposite to each
other, we might as well pair off on this question.
Mr. FITCH. Very well; I was not aware of
that.
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays 16;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Biglcr, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, CoHamer, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Poster, Green, Grimes, Marian, Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Latham, Moniil, Pearce, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, TiumbuiJ, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, CUngman, Douglas,
Pitch, Hunter, Johnson ot Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Nich-
olson, L'olk, Powell, Pugh, Saulsbury, Sebastian, and
Thomson—16.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Senate
suspends the order assigning to-day for the con-
sideration of the Private Calendar; and the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugh,] to refer this joint resolution to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
Mr. BIGLER. I hope, by general consent,
the message from the President, which is on the
table, will be read, and an order made to print the
document; and then we can proceed with this
question, which will undoubtedly lead to further
discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asl<s unanimous consent for
the reading of the President's message.
Mr. WADE. Let us have the vote upon this
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Ohio to interpose an
objection to the consideration of the President's
message.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on referring the joim resolution to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BIGLER. Before that vote is taken, with-
