808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
out entering: into the merits of the question, I de-
sire to say, as chairman of the Committee on
Patents, in order that all parties may understand
exactly the aspect of this question, that I shall
feel required to call the committee together imme-
diately, and report the facts in this ease back to
the Senate to-morrow morning. Therefore, there
can be only this point now to be decided: whether
-there are any facts which are not known to the
Senate that may be presented hy the committee.
I,think it right to say that the joint resolution, if
referred, shall be promptly reported back to the
Senate, in order that the decision of the body may
terminate its fate, and not the action of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WADE. I do not think there is any ne-
cessity for referring this resolution. I believe it
is perfectly understood by the Senate, and there-
fore there is no use in referring' it; and hence all
who intend to have the testimony complete before
the Commissioner will vote against the motion to
reier.
Mr. FITCH. I sincerely trust the Senator
from Ohio will let the resolution take the usual
course now, since this statement on the part of the
chairman of the Committee on Patents. That is
all the Senator ought to desire, and I trust cer-
tainly the Senator will not drive those opposed to
the summary passageof this resolution into meas-
ures which they might otherwise be unwilling tj
resort to, in order to prevent a final vote to-day.
Mr. WADE. I wish to state that it is notany
distrust of the committee which impels me to ask
for the immediate consideration of the resolution;
but I know that, in matters of this kind, delays are
exceedingly dangerous, and that time is of the
very essence of the whole matter. I must, there-
fore, insist on a decision now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 furl constrained, Mr. Pres-
ident, to say a few words before the vote is taken
on the question of reference. Some years ago
Mr. McCormick made an application to Congress
to renew his original patent after it had expired.
I took a very decided part in?defeatmg that re-
newal by an act of Congress. I have never yet
voted for an act of Congiess to lenewa patent. I
have always believed that these controversies
about patents ought to be referred to the Patent
Office, and to the courts of justice; and that the
Senate ought not to be converted into a court for
the trial of these contested cases. I mode the ob-
jection to Mr. McCormick's renewal after his pat-
ent had expired, that the right to manfacture these
machines had vested in the public, and Congress
had no power to divest that right, and give it back
to him exclusively; and I cast the blame on him
of having been guilty of negligence in not apply-
ing to the Patent Office in time to get his renewal.
As he lost the original patent then, and now only
holds a patent for certain improvements on Ins
original machine, it seems that he has taken a
hint from the lesson then taught him, and has ap-
plied now at the properdepai linen! for ;i renewal,
in time: and the fact that he has made his appli-
cation one year in advance of the expiration of
the patent is now brought up in condemnation
against him. Certainly one of two things is true:
either his application at the Patent Office a year in
advance of the expiration of the patent is no good
and valid objection now, or I did him great injus-
tice in urging negligence against him before, be-
cause he had not made the application previous
to the expiration of the patent.
I do not know why the Senate should interfere
With the due process of law in the extension of
Eatents. I am aware that there is a great conflict
etween manufacturers of every patented article
and the patentee. Those who hold a patent de-
sire the exclusive privilege, according to their
right; and those who are engaged in the manufac-
ture of articles, and pirating on a patent, wish to
defeat every renewal they possibly can. Jt is a
contest between manufacturers generally. I know
that my constituents are inteiestcd on both sides
of the question. Mr. McCormick being one of
my constituents, residing in my own town, has
his establishment there; and there are rival estab-
lishments engaged in the manufacture that would
like to use all his improvements, and all his pat-
ents, without being bound to pay the patent fee.
I am not disposed, as a Senator, to interfere be-
tween these respective claims and rights. The
law has provided the mode in which they shall be
adjusted. I have refused, heretofore, to entertain
the claims when they have come before me, and
I do not feel disposed now, by any action of mine,
to arrest the due execution of the laws of the land
as they stand. Nor do I see any necessity for
this interference. It seems that ihe counsel for
the contestants of Mr. McCormick's patent have
declared that they have proof covering the whole
case; that all the additional proof they wish to take
hereafter is merely cumulative; and that they have
no apprehension that the case can be decided
against them. The issue, it seems, has been fairly
made up under the law. Why should we inter-
fere to defeat the judgment of the proper tribunal,
whatever it may be, upon the issues that the par-
ties have made up,and the proofs they have filed?
I do not hear any complaint of any impropriety
or unfairness in the taking of the testimony; and
I can see no reason why we should interfere with
this matter, for the purpose of reopening the
issues between the parties.
My colleague has referred to the amount of
Mr. McCormick's receipts from the manufacture
and sale of machiufis as patentee. I apprehend
that the great amount of those profits was under
his original patent, which has long since expired,
and which his rivals are now using without making
him any compensation. I apprehend that butni
very small portion of those profits have arisen
under the patents for the improvements which are
now matters of controversy. Hence, I do not
think that has anything to do with the question;
and very clearly it ought not to be considered
by us, for the reason that the question of the
sufficiency or insufficiency of the profits to afford
an adequate remuneration is, by law, left to the
discretion and judgment of the Commissioner of
Patents.
I shall not go into a review of the testimony.
I hold that the Senate is incapable of going into
the details of the figures to ascertain thai fact; that
it is properly lefr by law to an officer created for
that purpose. It is his business to decide the
question; and I would no more interfere with Ins
ught to decide that question under the law than
I would interfere with the judgment of a court,
or give an opinion upon the merits of a judgment
which ought to be rendered, in advance of the
rendition of the judgment, with a view to the
psstponernent of the trial. I cannot understand
why, in this ease, we arc to interfere and prevent
a decision in due course of law. If we are to do
it in this case, we shall have applications in every
other case. If a party is about to get beaten, or
a party has some advantage to gain by the inter-
position of the legislative power in the case, we
shall be called upon to interfere at the instance of
one party or the other to control the decisions of
the department on matters that belong to them
under the law, with which we have no right to
interfere.
My object ia to wash my hands of this whole
business. If the Patent Office laws are wrong,
let, us amend them, not hy provisions to control
particular eases, nor, with a view of interfering
with one man's rights, and securing special priv-
ileges to another; but let us correct those laws by
geneial provusionsapplieable hereafterto all cases,
and leaving the parties having interests involved
to bring themselves within the provisions of the
law. But, sir, I have an aversion to this interfer-
ence in a special case, cither for the benefit of man-
ufacturers, rival manufacturingestabhshments, or
of patentees, or to the injury of patentees. I have
struggled to keep these patent controversies out
of Congress ever since I have been here. I have
never yet entertained a proposition to decide for
or against a patent in this body. I think it better
belongs to the courts, and to the Departments, than
to us. I fear that it would be a matter of favorit-
ism; it would lead to electioneering. We shall
have a lobby surrounding us and urging us to
interfeie in this case, or that case; to give an ad-
vantage to this, or a disadvantage to that man;
and we shall never get rid of it in the world, un-
less we leave it to the regular courts of law, and
to those departments that are created bylaw to
decide these controversies.
Mr. FITCH. I believe the question is on the
reference of the joint resolution to the Committee
on Patents ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITCH, i move thatthe question be mod-
ified so as to refer with instructions to report the
joint resolution back to-morrow morning. I hope,
in that form, it will be accepted. All I desire is
to have the joint resolution and papers go before
the proper committee.
Mr. WADE. I hope that will not be agreed
to. It is said that this is all for the benefit of man-
ufacturers; butdoes not the Senatorfrom Illinois
know that the cost of these patents comes out of
the pockets of those who use them, and not of
manufacturers? Fifteen dollars are paid on every
patent reaper that is used in the United States;
and that sum is taken from the farmers who use
them. That is all I wish to say on that point.
Nobody need be taken in by the suggestion that
this is a scramble between rival manufacturers.
It is a question between the farmers of the coun-
try and a man who is already admitted to have
got nearly four million dollars out of this same
patent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think this is a ques-
tion between the farmers and a man who is ad-
mitted to have got $4,000,000 out of the patent.
I do not think we should ever have heard a word
about it if there were no rival establishments.
The question is, whether these rival establish-
ments, who do not own the patent, may pirate
upon it without any remuneration to the man who
made the invention and holds the patent. The
law gives the right to the patentee to apply for a
renewal in the event that he has not been suffi-
ciently remunerated for the patent. Whether he
has been remunerated or not is, by law, left to
the Commissioner of Patents, to whom he has
made his application in pursuance of law. There
is no pretense of any unfairness, or any departure
from law, or of any irregularity. Why not, then,
leave it to the Commissioner? The application
was not made to the acting Commissioner, but to
the Commissioner of Patents appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate?
Now, as to the $4,000,000 that it is said he has
received; that, I think, is calculated to mislead.
Why is it brought in here? What has the ques-
tion of profits to do with this body in determining
upon this question, unless we are going, in fact,
to set aside the law and come to conclusions on
a statement of profits, instead of leaving that ques-
tion to the law officer to whom it belongs?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If my colleague will allow
me, if he alludes to the statement I made, I think
he did not understand the connection in which I
used it. The low which authorizes an exten-
sion of a patent requires a statement of accounts
to be made to the Commissioner, and the Commis-
sioner must be satisfied that a reasonable remu-
neration has not been received by the patentee for
his labor and expense in introducing the inven-
tion into use, before he would be authorized to
extend the patent. Hence, the application having
been made a year before the patent expired, he
could not make up that account very well. That
was the use which I made of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that point, Mr. President,
I have a word to say in reply to my colleague. I
think he has totally misapprehended the true state
of the question. All of the account has been made
up that can be made up, even if you make this
extension before the decision is made. The re-
sults of the sale of reapers correspond to the crop
of wheat and grain that would be cut by the reap-
ers. When the year is through, and the harvest
is obtained, the accounts of the year arc made up.
No accounts can be made from the next year's
reapers until a year from now, when the patent
will have expired. Hence, if you postpone it
until April, until the 4th of July, or the 1st of
September, you do not bring into your account
any one reaper that is not brought into the pres-
ent account. He has brought up his account to
the last year, which expires before the expiration
of the patent The next year's work cannot be
brought in between now and September; it can-
not be brought into the account before the 1st of
January, and the patent expires m October; and
therefore it is an entire misapprehension to sup-
pose that he has not brought into this account
every dollar that can be brought in, even if you
grant an extension. If, on the contrary, it should
be supposed that what mightbe manufactured be-
tween now and the 1st of October, ought to be
taken into account, the Commissioner could esti-
mate the average of the previous years, or of the
last year, and compute that up to the 1st of Octo-
ber. 1 do not know who the Commissioner is; I
do not know him by sight; I do not know his
