256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State Eights and State Equality—Mr, Muffin.
Ho. of Reps.
the arrogance, the tyranny, the usurpation of a
hostile, unprincipled, and reckless majority, fa-
tally bent on the destruction of their institutions,
or whether they will assert their rights, and main-
tain them by all the means in their power. De-
votedly attached to the Constitutionand the Union,
as the people of the South have ever been, and
ardently hoping that a change in the public sen-
timent of the North -would prevent a further per-
sistence in the wrongs practiced upon the minor-
ity section, they have exercised the most ex-
traordinary forbearance. Cherishing the Union
formed by their ancestors, they have suffered great
sacrifices, and submitted to grievous wrongs,
rather than dissolve their connection with it. His-
tory, neither sacred nor profane, records an ex-
ample of a people so patriotic, so forbearing, so
patient underlongsuffering. For more thanforty
years, the history of this country has been a rec-
ord of* aggressions upon the one side, and of re-
monstrance upon the other. To postefity it will
appear that, in this day and age, the North had
exercised its ingenuity in devising schemes of
oppression and tyranny, to test the resentment of
the South.
Sir, the day for a final settlement, after a long
series of years, has come/ The time must not be
procrastinated. Thisfigreat issue of the equality
of the States cannot be evaded. If the slavehold-
ing States of this Union are not coequal with the
other members of the Confederacy, itis high time
that it was made known. Equality has been de-
nied them. That denial has superinduced the
fatal malady of which the Government is now per-
ishing. No holiow truce, no temporary expedi-
ent of patched-upcongressional compromise, will
avail now. The disease has passed that stage.
1 may almost say, sir, that it is immedicabile vul-
nws, not to be cured by the nostrums of empyri-
cism; neither can the magic charms and mystic
incantations of political charlatanry drive it from
the surface back into the vital organs, again to
make its appearance as a corroding ulcer upon
the body politic. Illusory legislation, contrived
and adopted in the exigencies of the times, has
heretofore been tried, and failed of its purpose. It
were bootless again to resort to such a shift. The
times and ihe occasion demanded other and dif-
ferent remedies. This great question should have
been settled in 1820. They attempted congres-
sional compromise then, but it failed; for in 1850,
we found that it was again necessary to enter into
a compromise. The people of the South then saw
the error of 1820, and should have insisted on
such an adjustment as would have settled the ques-
tion forever. 1 thought ai the time that, by the
system of measures agreed upon, the South had
yielded up everything and received nothing sub-
stantial in return; that the legislation agreed upon
would prove mischievous in its consequences; and
subsequent events have confirmed me m that opin-
ion. The misfortune has heretofore been—and, I
may with propriety add, still is—that there are
too many southern men, in authority as well as in
private life, who are over-anxious, in the quaint
but expressive language of the day, to '« fix up "
something 10 save the Union. 1 trust, sir, that if
there is to be any more " fixing up,'' something
will be done to save the Constitution, without
which the Union is as nothing—a mere myth, a
nonentity. The preservation of the Union with-
out the Constitution is not desirable. I say this,
sir, as a friend of the Union as formed by our early
fathers. I say it not that I love the Union less, but
that I love the Constitution more.
Mr. Speaker, the dissolution of the American
Union—once thought impossible by many—is
now a stern reality. Its reconstruction, though
possible, in the temper of the times, is not at all
probable. Six of the States, m conventions repre-
senting their sovereignty, have formally resumed
whatever portion of thatsovereignty they had here-
tofore delegated to the Federal Government; others
are making active preparations to the same end.
For causes which to them appear good and suf-
ficient, those States have exercised the great right
of secession, and are now, to all intents and pur-
poses, independent of this Government, and arc
ready and willing to maintain that independence
in whatever way may become necessary. It be-
comes us to deal with facts as they are. It is use-
less and absurd now to discuss the right of a
State to secede; it is idle to speculate on the ab-
stract right of secession; for this great remedy of
sovereign States has been asserted and exercised,
even to a practical application; and secession—a
word that has heretofore so often shocked the
nerves of a certain class of timid politicians in the
South—is something that they have seen carried
into practice, and secession itself has become'un
fait accompli.
Gentlemen may endeavor to persuade them-
selves that the Union is not dissolved. They may
disguise the fact as best they can. They may say
that those States are still constructively within the
Union. I apprehend, sir, that the sequel will
show, that whenever a State has, by aconvention
representing its sovereignty, passed an ordinance
of secession, it will operate casus faderis, so far as
that State is a party to the compact.
I know, sir, that some gentlemen here have been
disposed to look upon this matter of secession as
something unsubstantial and unreal.* I marked
well the day of the first withdrawal of Represent-
atives of seceding States from this Hall, and the
efforts made by certain members to ignore the sol-
emn fact by a free indulgence in vulgar sneers and
ill-timed jests. How different from the spectacle,
presented in the other wing of this Capitol at a
subsequent time, when Senators representing sov-
ereignties were taking final leave of their associ-
ates, and recounting the wrongs that compelled
the separation in words that went home to the
hearts ofpolitiealfoes as well as friends, and caused
the silent but expressive tears to leap forth unbid-
den, and course down the manly cheeks of vener-
able statesmen. 11 was indeed ail impressive scene,
ominous of the times, and boding the sad future
of the Republic.
" A child will weep a bramble's smart,
A maid to see her spairows part,
A stripling foi a woman's heart;
But woe awaits a country when
She sees the tears of bearded men."
From my first entrance into public life, I have
been an advocate of the right,of secession, and
my views on this question are well known to my
constituents. In this connection, I would state
that, in my judgment, the time has come when
all the southern States yet in the Union, recog-
nizing the institution of slavery, should proceed
to carry out this inestimable remedy of secession,
and to seek, outside of the present Union, such
associations as would afford them that protection
denied them within it.
Mr. Speaker, the usual scene is presented here
of a Congress wrangling about protective tariff's,
to rob one portion of our people by putting money
into the pockets of another; railroad grants, to
place large quantities of public land in the hands
of robbers and land-grabbers; homestead bills, to
squander the vast public domain by inviting worth-
less vagabonds fiom all the earth to take our lands
without money and without price; Pacific railroad
bills, to saddle the Government with a tax of at
least §600,000,000; and loan bills, to enable the
old Free-Soil fossil who presides over the Treas-
ury Department to replenish his empty coffers
by hawking the bonds of the Government about
the streets of our cities, like some petty chapman
his wares, and selling them for whatever price
they will fetch in the market. In the far distant
South, in the beautiful city of Montgomery, on
the banks of the Alabama, another body is now
in session—a most important convention. A new
government is in process of inauguration there.
The acts of that august assemblage of patriots and
statesmen will, ere long, pass into history, there
to remain, in all coming time, the mementoes of
the chivalry and patriotism of the freemen of the
Gulf States.
The selection for President, of the hero, patriot,
and statesman, Jefferson Davis, of Mississippi,
and for Vice President, of Alexander H.Stephens,
of Georgia, her most gifted and eloquent son,
whose clarion notes have so often resounded in
these Halls pleading for the rights of his own sec-
tion, afford us a sure guarantee that the adminis-
tration of the new government will be intrusted
to men equal to the responsibilities of the position
in which they have been placed. I am free to
confess, Mr. Speaker—yen, sir, I proclaim it with
pride—that my sympathies are ail with the South;
and in peace or m war, they shall continue with
the South. I feel a deep and abiding interest in
the future relations to be assumed by the State
which I have the honor, in part, to represent on
this floor. In a few short weeks the people of
North Carolina are to decide, for weal orforwoe.
whether she will unite her destiny with that of
her more southern sisters, where her rights will
be protected, or remain in the present Union,
where that proud old Commonwealth must, from
theforceof surroundingcircumstances, ultimately
become a mere province, dishonored and humil-
iated.
The alternative presented to the people of North
Carolina, and of the other southern States still
remaining in the Union, is abject submission or
manly secession. North Carolina has to decide
through her convention, whether she will make
common cause with the North or South. She
cannot continue neutral; for, if she remains in her
present position, she may, at no distant day, be
called upon tofurnish her quota of men and money
to aid Lincoln in his " irrepressible conflict^'
against the South; beuig nearest the scene of op-
erations in the seceding States, Lincoln would
probably make the firstrequisition on her. I trust
and believe that she will decide correctly and
promptly. Her former history justifies me in the
opinion that she will prove equal to ttie emergency,
and will sustain her well-earned reputation for
modesty, mingled with firmness and genuine cour-
age. Her people are brave and intelligent, and
will not be diverted from the true issue of the
maintenance of her rights and her equality by any
parrot cry of" Union! Union ! glorious Union !
Neither will they be misled ana prevented from
an assertion of her rights by the simulated lam-
entations and crocodile tears of that pestiferous
brood of heartless demagogues who are seeking
unmerited position by a betrayal of their own
section. The union of the States being dissolved,
North Carolina will claim and exercise the liberty
of selecting her own associates. She will not
_harken to the counsels of those who are advising
"her to pass under the yoke, and to submit with
fear and trembling to the galling rule of her op-
pressors. Neither, sir, will she heed the deceitful
teachings of those among her own sons who are
counseling the establishment of a middle con-
federacy. Forced as she now is to make a selec-
tion between the North and South, she will not
hesitate. Her interests, her sympathies, her des-
tiny, are all with the latter. I do not propose to
discuss here the question of a middle confed-
eracy. I will simply remark that I regard it as
an unmitigated humbug, a shallow device, to re-
tard the great southern movement, and wholly
unworthy of serious consideration. It has not
even the merit of southern origin. It was first
suggested by the congressional correspondents of
northern newspapers, with a view of dividing and
distracting the South. It was a snare set by po-
litical tricksters to entrap the unwary—a " springe
to catch wood-cocks"—and some persons, with
more credulity than discretion, have become en-
tangled in its meshes.
Mr. Speaker, we are told that the South has
been too precipitate and hasty; that we should
have waited yet a little while longer. That the
questions in issue will all be settled; and that tin
era of good feeling will pervade the whole coun-
try. In the name of all that is reasonable, I ask
how much longer are we to wait ? When will this
vaunted settlement be made ? From what quarter
is this much talked of compromise to come? What
is it to be ? Why has it been delayed so long ? Is
it likely to come from the Republican side of the
House? I quote from a speech of Mr. Somes, of
Maine. He gives us timely caution of what we
may anticipate from compromises emanating from
that source:
" I warn you not to take the flimsy compromises which
some few gentlemen on this side of the House would offer
you. They do not, represent the sentiments of the Noith;
the North will repudiateany compromise, such as has been
proposed, and the party that makes it."
Is it to come from the peace congress? That
body has now been m session nearly three weeks.
Northern influences are in the ascendant there.
Men who are hostile to the South have the con-
