810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
consequences; because my next question to him
would be, whether, if he had that power, which
he clearly has, the passing of this resolution would
take itawayfromhim? This resolution is founded
on this idea: the Commissioner refuses, at the re-
quest of the contestants, to postpone the case. The
contestants come here and ask Congress to inter-
fere and say that he shall allow them time. Then
the Senator makes a point: " will you not allow
theotherparty time? " Does anygentlemandeny,
if We grant the ninety days here by an act, and
then the applicant wants further time, that the
Commissioner has perfect power to grantit? We
do not take it away from him in an y shape or form.
Therefore, there is nothing in the world in this
point now made, except such as might apply to
the ear, but has no sort of application to the
mind.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have noticed that when
men find themselves incapable of maintaining an
argument, they have the indecency to talk about
men ever practicing law ought to know something.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand those allu-
sions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I do not understand
the gentleman's mode of speaking.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell you.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What does the gentle-
man mean by the word " indecency ?"
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell you what I mean.
He said if I ever practiced law I ought to know
something about it, and that was an indecent in-
sinuation he should not have made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator and I may
differ in our opinion about it; but as to the ques-
tion, who is decent and who is indecent, X am
ready to put myself against him at any time, here
or elsewhere.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not willing to put my-
self against him on that comparison.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator would not
improve his position.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must arrest the altercation between the Senatois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I insist that the Senator be
called to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir. I sup-
pose I must let him go on until lie gets through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield the floor to the Senator
from Maine?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not ask him to
yield it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I had dis-
cussed this question in entire good temper. I had
shown clearly, "to the satisfaction of every canilid
man, that, under this joint resolution as it stands,
testimony can be taken on one side and not on the
other. I had hoped that it was done by inadvert-
ency. I had hoped that there was no design. I
had hoped it was not a trick. Ilenee, when 1
pointed it out, I did not intimate that there had
been a design. I could wish that nothing had since
occurred to satisfy trie that it isa design to legis-
late Mr. McCormick out of his rights; and, sir,
if it is not amended, it will stand as evidence to
the world that it is done for the purpose of de-
frauding him out of his rights in this trial. I will
read the language:
That the further time of ninety days bo given to the par-
ties interested m resisting—
I have proposed to insert the words, " or sup-
porting "—
the extension of the patent of Cvius H. McCormick, for
his patent reaper, or Jus improvements or modifications of
the huinfij to enable them to take testimony in opposition
to said extension, to be u«ed before the Commissioner of
Patents on the hearing of the application ot tiie said Mc-
Cormick tor an extension ot said patent.
Now, you propose to give an extension of time
for a pmpose. You specify the purpose in the
law. The case is now closed. The final decis-
ion has been made against opening the testimony
for either side. You propose by the law to open
it for one side and allow testimony to he brought
in against the application, and not to allow it to be
brought in for the application. No matter what
the law now may be, you change it by this joint
resolution.
After I had told him I did not know what the
existing law was, for 1 never had a patent case,
never was the agent of a patentee in my life, but
always resisted them, the Senator then said, I did
not choose to know. Sir, when I had told him
frankly I did not kn,ow, that I was not a lobby
member, and not in the employment of patentees
or contestants and lobby agents of any kind, and
hence I did not know, I supposed that would have
been sufficiently explicit, without the insinuation
that I did not choose to know, and would not
admit anything—an insinuation uncalled for.
I had hoped that this resolution meant what
was said on its face; that it meant to open it to
both sides, to allow rebutting testimony. Hence
I move to insert the words " or supporting" the
application, so that then it will allow testimony
to be taken by those resisting the application or
in support of it. Then it will be fair; both parties
will stand on an equality, and have a trial, accord-
ing to the law as it now stands. If those words arc
not inserted, I apprehend it will receive an oppo-
site construction* The House of Representatives
are now in session. There will be no trouble in
making the amendment and let it go there and
be concurrcd in and become a law before the sun
sets to-day. It might be done before we have
done talking about this question, if the amend-
ment were not resisted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Illinois
used the word "indecency'' with reference to
what I said beforehand I might well ask anybody
who heard him whether the insinuation, that oth-
ers, not himself, were lobby agents and patent
agents hero, was decent, as applicable to other
members of the Senate, whoever he might have
meant. That, I suppose, is a specimen of the
Senator's idea of decency in debate; and coupled
with a loud voice and an imperious manner, I
suppose, it goes to make it out to the satisfaction
of everybody.
Now, sir, if the Senator had had the good sense
(because even a great man may sometimes show
a want of that common quality) to have been
aware that what I said before was in perfect good
nature and intended to be so, and sportive in its
character, instead of getting into a rage and as-
suming that sort of manner towards me, 1 think
he would have appeared a great deal better than
he did. lie ought to have known that I cared
nothing about this thing:, and he did perfectly well
know it. I knew nothing about the meiits of the
case itself in any shape or form. The resolution
coming up, I attempted to expose what 1 supposed
to be (and what I now think to be, unless the Sen-
ator tells me that it, is not so) a ruse of his in
order to obtain an amendment to the resolution,
and thus obtain delay, and thereby defeat it. It
appeared so to me; and why? U appeared so to
me, because that was palpable on the face of it.
I could not believe—not that I mean to question
the Senator's word in any particular—I could not
suppose, when he said carelessly that he did not
know what the law was, that he meant anything
more than that lie did not choose to answer with
reference to thatparticular point, because it seemed
to me so perfectly plain, it is unnecessary that a
man should be a patent lawyer to know a thing
so very common and apparent to everybody as
that seemed to mcto be.
Now, sir, how does it stand when we look at
it calmly?—and lam very sorry that I was be-
trayed into any loudness of voice; but man is an
imitative animal; he cannot help being loud some-
times when his neighbors arc. [Laughter.] Let
us look at this mighty question of law that has
been raised here with reference to this matter. It
seems that there was an application pending be-
fore the Commissioner of Patents for the renewal
of a patent. It does not require a great many
years' experience in the Senate to know that the
Commissioner of Patents has power to renew a
patent at the end of fourteen years, under certain
circumstances; and I tlunk it does not require a
very extensive knowledge or practice of law to be
aware that any court, or any man who is hearing
a case before him which he is not bound to term-
inate for a year, may wait thirty, sixty, or ninety
days, on the application of either party for the
purpose of taking testimony. Now, what are the
facts here? These contestants come before Con-
gress, and say that they have this important ques-
tion pending; that the Commissioner has refused
to extend the time for them to take testimony;
and that their rights are in danger of being sacri-
ficed; and a resolution is accordingly brought in,
directing that, for the benefit of the contestants,
the time shall be extended. Does the Senator
from Illinois really seriously mean to argue that
if the'resolution passes in that shape, and the
question is opened, the Commissioner cannot give
Mr. McCormick all the time he requires? The
Senator doesnotanswer; and I have a right, there-
fore, to conclude that he does not mean seriously to
contend that the passage of this resolution would
have any such effect. If it would have no such
effect, what in the world is to be gained, except
delay and defeat, by amending this resolution and
sending it back to the House of Representatives?
Nothing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish the Senator from
Maine to understand that I did say that it struck
me, very clearly, that the passage of the resolution
does have that effcct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator mean
to say that it strikes him so now?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly; clearly so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very; well,Mr.President;
then all I have to say about it is, that I am sorry
1 cannot agree with the Senator; that the matter
is perfectly plain to me the other way, and that I
am utterly surprised to hear a Senator of his in-
telligence and his knowledge express such an
opinion. It seems to mc surprising; and I am
still more surprised to hear him charge me, as he
does very distinctly, and those who have voted
for. this resolution, with the cool and deliberate
intention to get up a case here where testimony
may be taken on one side and cannot be taken on
the other, simply because his amendment is op-
posed, and opposed on the ground that it is not
necessary. Sir, was it necessary to make such
an imputation of motive, of bad motive, upon the
majority of the Senate who had voted for this
resolution ? It is an imputation of the grossest
kind. I feci that if I could vote understandingly
for a resolution changing, in one particular, the
course of legal proceedings, (for they are legal
proceedings,) and giving rights to one party which
I did not give to another, I should be committing
a fraud on the legislation of the country, and be
guilty of an act for which I ought to be held up
to the reprobation of the community; and it is no
light thing for the Senator from Illinois, within
the bounds of decency, to make such an imputa-
tion on the majority of the Senate who have just
acted on a question of this description.
That, sir, is the explanation which I have to
give to the Senator for what my vote has been,
and will be, upon this resolution, and also of all
that I designed to say originally, or in any por-
tion of the remarks I made with reference to the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator had said, when he knew that i considered his
language objectionable, that he had used it play-
fully, that would have been an end of the contro-
versy, and nothing unpleasant would have oc-
curred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I said now, I thought
the Senatorought to have known, without charg-
ing me with indecency in debate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The manner was offensive,
as well as the matter; and hence I took it that he
wished the Senate to understand that ho did use
it in the fullest importof the words. Let thatgo.
Now, sir, I did not charge anybody on the other
side of the Chamber, or anywhere else, with im-
proper motives m this question. I said that I
neverdreamedthat there was any otherobject than
to give a fair trial by taking new testimony on
both sides; and hence I was amazed when I found
the amendment resisted which would give the priv-
ilege of taking testimony on both sides, and I said
that I wished now that 1 could believe they in-
tended to give a fair trial. The only reason I have
for thinking the contrary is, that they are not
willing to allow the amendment to be made so as
to give it.
The Senatorfrom Maine wants to know whether
the Commissioner, under the resolution, if it
passes, will not have the power to give an exten-
sion of time to Mr. McCormick to take testimony,
as well as to the contestants. I answer, that 1
think not. He thinks the Commissioner will have
that power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will not un-
derstand my words. I did not ask whether he
did not have the power under the resolution. The
resolution does not specifically give it; but my
question was, whether, if we pass the resolution,
