1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22.7
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State Mights and State Equality—Mr. Ruffin.
Ho. of Reps.
trolling majority in that body, and it is not likely
that they will agree on anything that will be ac-
ceptable to the people of the United States.
Sir, there are those who believe that the day
of compromise is past; that you cannot, by- any
magic of that kind, reunite that which is broken
to pieces; that there is no medicament in it that
has sufficient virtue to restore the dead to life.
Touching this matter of compromise, 1 may be
permitted to say that? as a southern man, I have
felt humiliated and mortified at the course pur-
sued here by some Representatives from my own
section of the country. For more than two months
they have been here begging, imploring and be-
seeching the haughty and supercilious Repub-
licans to offer some compromise, to propose some
settlement to them, to give them some ground to
stand upon. Indeed, sir, they have exhibited
the most marked solicitude. They have made
various propositions, and their propositions have
been indignantly, scornfully, disdainfully reject-
ed. I have preserved a number of speeches of
gentlemen of the Republican party on this subject.
I will cite but one extract. It is in plain English,
terse and pointed, without ambiguity. I quote
from the speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Edgerton:]
u 3. I will not compromise, finally, because slavery is a
sin, an outrage against humanity, and an insult to God. Dis-
guise it as yon will, it is still the crowning iniquity, the
most ghastly atrocily. Beginning in violence, itcan neither
be hallowed by time nor sanctified by law. With my con-
sent, it shall never curse another foot of God's fair earth.
By no vote of mine shall it ever be strengthened or coun-
tenanced. You may dissolve this Union, if you can."
Southern men, assuming to themselves the right
to act in its behalf, have imploringly asked re-
dress as a boon, instead of demanding it as a
right not to be denied. They tell the Republicans
that, unless something is done, the whole South
will resist. The Republicans reply that they are
not aware the South has suffered .any sort of
grievance requiring redress; and as for resistance;
they reply by singing out the magic word " co-
ercion," " coercion;" "the laws of the country
must be enforced." Yes, sir, these men who have
favored unconstitutional personal liberty bills,
who have lived upon agitation, who have encour-
aged lawlessness in almost every conceivable
shape, have now become most clamorous for the
enforcement of the laws. Sir, who can tolerate
abolition lectures on obedience to the laws ? " Who
could endure the Gracchicomplainingof sedition?"
Notwithstanding all these things, some of our
southern friends tell us that we must wait pa-
tiently; that a settlement will yet be made; that
light is breaking through the murky clouds that
obscure the political horizon in the Worth; that a
reaction is going o„n there; and that the Repre-
sentatives from that section do not truly reflect
the sentiments of their constituents. That is an
old, familiar cry to me. I have heard it for a long
time, and I distrust its verity. Where is the evi-
dence of that reaction? I venture to assert it is
far more probable that, if there has been any re-
action, it has been in favor of the Republican
creed. Is it reasonable to suppose that a triumph-
ant party, flushed with victory, would commence
to decrease before it had acceded to power and
the apportionment of the spoils? Our real friends
in the North are diminishing every day. In this
the day of our severest trial, 1 regret to say we
find very few men in the North who have the nerve
to stand by us. Sir, you can tell upon the fingers
of your right hand as many friends as we have
in this House from that section of the Union.
I cannot enumerate as among the friends of the
South any man who is in favor of the inhuman,
barbarous, and monstrous doctrine of coercion.
Gentlemen tell us thatthey are not for coercion; that
they are merely for the enforcement of the laws;
that they wish only to protect the property and
flag of the country, and collect the revenue. No
moreoffensive mode ofcoercion can'be devised than
that of the forced collection of tribute. Without
being an open declaration of war, it involves all
the consequences of war. It is despicable and
pusillanimous for a Government like ours to en-
deavor to enforce such a policy under any such
pretext. If you want war, proclaim it boldly,
and risk the responsibility of the consequences
to the country which you are likely to involve,
and you will manifest more courage than by going
to war under such a pretext as this, for the en-
forcementofthe laws. You have, or you will soon
have, contro! of the Navy; you own nearly all
the shipping of the country, and it looks as though
you were meanly trying to enforce your policy
by that mode in which you think you have a de-
cided advantage. If you thirst for the blood of
the southern people, come up boldly to the task;
pass your war measures, and spread them upon
your statute-books; pass your force bills, ana all
the belligerent measures you desire. Raise your
standard, muster your troops, accept the services
of these " sunshine patriots and summer sol-
diers," these valiant Captain Bobadils and John
Gilpins, who have with such alacrity volunteered
their services to engage in a war of coercion against
theSouth. Send them down there, andmy word
forit, they will be met. Yes,gentlemen,ifnothing
but a conflict of arms will answer your purpose,
all we ask of you is to proclaim it boldly, and re-
sort to no paltry subterfuges. You boast of the
vast armies you can precipitate upon the South;
you talk flippantly about bombarding and burn-
ing southern cities, of laying waste the southern
country with fire and sword. The southern peo-
ple will not be deterred from the performance of
their fixed resolves by threats of this kind, nor
will they be awed into submission by your men-
aces. They are contending for their rights; if
war must come, they will rally in their strength
to drive back hostile invaders. They will defend
to the last the homes of their ancestors, their al-
tars, and their household gods. You will never,
conquer the'South, even though you could mus-
ter as many troops as followed the banner of
Xerxes. You will never overrun the country as
long as there is a man living upon the southern
soil to meet you in the battle-field, or a boy to
shed his life-blood on the door-sill and hearthstone
of his mother's dwelling.
Oh, but you say you do not desire war; you
will not declare war; you will merely blockade
the southern ports f you will send a naval expe-
dition down there with a custom-house officer on
board, and collect the revenue. Yes, sir; rather
than lose the money, you will precipitate the
country into a war. Well did the ancient Ro-
man say:
"Quid non mortalia peetora cogis,
Auri sacia fames?'5
You will send down to the South your officer
to demand tribute; and when he reaches there,
and makes his demand, he will meet with the
same answer that the bold Briton gave to Caius
Lucius, the Roman embassadorsentto the sea-girt
Isle to demand tribute in the name of his master,
the Emperor:
" Why tribute ? Why should we pay tribute ? If Oresar
can hide the sun fiom us with a blanket, or put the moon
in his pocket, we will pay him tribute for light; else, sir,
no more tribute.55
Failing in this, you will send your embattling
hosts to desolate the South, to subdue and con-
quer it. The southern people will then say to you
that when you come to the South you will find
us there. "If you beat us out of it, it is yours; if
you fail in the adventure, our crows shall fare the
better for you; and there is an end."
Mr. Speaker, this extraordinary crisis in the
history of our country will mark an epocli long
to be remembered. It will stand out boldly, in
all coming ages, as a monument of the stupendous
folly and wicked criminality of demented fanat-
icism; for no unprejudiced man can deny that the
fanaticism of anti-slavery zealots has involved the
country in the troubles now precipitating its de-
struction. Through the North, it has advanced
with continuously-accelerated pace, gathering
strength in its progress, until ithas obtained con-
trol of the diyiiinant party of the country, and
prostrated all other parties before it. It now seeks
to pass the boundary, and carry out its nefarious
purposes in the South; it seeks to arm brother
against brother and father against son; it de-
nounces slavery as the " sum of all villainies,"
and proclaims its purpose to extirpate the insti-
tution. It has become a demon of destruction
that fain would be " fed by rites more savage than
the priests of Moloch taught." It now craves to
satiate its gloating appetite with the blood of
countless hecatombs of southern victims. To
curb and suppress this fell spirit of fanaticism,
the northern States should hare exerted tlieirerr-
ergies; they should haveinflicted condign punish-
ment on the seditious agitators who nourished rt.
We had a right to expect this much of them'.
Have they done this ? Not by any means'. On the
contrary, State Legislatures have encouraged it in
almost every imaginable shape and form.
Sir, I was astonished at a remark of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. WasoN,] in a speech
he made not long since. He said:
" I do not know of any persons anywhere who have
claimed the power under the Constitution to abolish sla-
very in the slave States. Of the three million voters of the
North, I have never yet heard of one who claimed the
power; not one.55
The gentleman must think we have been quaf-
fing of the waters of Lethe, and become oblivious
of the past. I will read, for the information of
the gentleman, from a book published in Bos-
ton, and. entitled, The Unconstitutionality of Sla-
very, by an author named Lysander. Spooner.
It is commended by a number of distinguished
gentlemen, and also by a large number of north-
ern newspapers. Among those commendingthis
work, is William H. Seward, who, it is under-
stood, is to be the premier of this new Adminis-
tration. Let us see the doctrines of this man. I
understand that he is a lawyerand author of great
ability. I will quote, from different parts of the
wo'rk, a few extracts—one having no reference to
another. They will show the author's views:
il Those who believe that slavery is unconstitutional, are
the only persons who propose to abolish it. They are tie
only ones who claim to have the power to abolish it."
**********
.i' The North, with no very important exceptions, although
not enthusiastic in the matter, are abolitionists at heart.
It is a slander on human nature to assert that they are not."
**********
" When the North are united, they will control the na-
tional legislation and the appointment of the national judi-
ciary. Of couise they will then abolish slavery."
**********
" If these opinions are correct, it is the constitutional,
duty of Congress to establish courts, if need be, in every
county and township even, where there are slaves to be lib-
erated ; to provide attorneys to bring the cases before the
courts; and to keep a standing military force, if need be,
to sustain the proceedings. In Addition to the use of (he
habeas corpus, Congress have power to prohibit the slave
trade between the States, which, ot itself, would do much
towards abolishing slavery in the northern slaveholding
States. They have power, also, to organize, arm, and dis-
cipline the militia, thus enabling them to aid in obtaining
and securing their own liberty.5'
If my memory is not greatly at fault, I have
often heard similar views expressed upon this
floor. I have certainly heard gentlemen speak of
the efficacy of writs of habeas corpus to procure
the liberation of slaves, and what would be done
when the judiciary system should be remodeled.
I cannot but believe there are a great number of
people in the North who concur m the views ex-
pressed by Spooner.
Mr. Speaker, I now propose to examine what
the General Government is doing to avert impend-
ing destruction. The President seems to have
become a driveler, an imbecile, a mere puppet in
the hands of designing men, who are counseling
him to a fatal and destructive policy—a policy
which has already converted the Federal capital
into a military camp, and subjected it to martial
rule. With shame be it said, that the Represent-
tives of the people are sitting here, some looking
on with indifference, while they are witnessing
the rapid conversion of the country into a military
despotism. Even now, sir, we are legislating
under the muzzles of Federal guns. Batteries are
planted in the immediate vicinity. We are within
hearing of the bugle-blast of the trooper, and the
porticoes and aisles of this Capitol daily reverbe-
rate the neighings of the war steed. Armed sen-
tinels are posted to challenge the peaceable citizens
of this metropolis as they walk the public squares.
In passing from this Hall to my lodgings I have,
time and again, met upon Pennsylvania avenue
Swiss and Hessians, hireling mercenaries, reel-
ing and staggering in drunken revelry, and dis-
gracing the American uniform, in which they
were clothed. Scenes are here daily to be wit-
nessed, calculated to make this Government con-
temptible in the eyes of all true patriots.
It has been boasted that ours was a government
of affection and not of force. It seems now to be
