1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he would not still have the power, notwithstand-
ing the resolution?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well. That is precisely
the idea I intended to convey; but I accept his
words, if they please him better. He thinks that,
notwithstanding; the resolution, the Commissioner
will have the power. I apprehend that he will not
have it; but the Senator does not say it will be
compulsory on the Commissioner if the resolution
passes. I do not understand him as saying that
the Commissioner will be compelled to allow him
to have the privilege. The Senator says nothing
on that point. The resolution is compulsory that
this privilege shall be given to the contestants, but
not compulsory that it shall be given to the pat-
entee. But still, the Senator proposes to give an
extension for the ninety days, until there shall be
a new Commissioner, with compulsory power to
give the privilege to one side, and not compulsory
on the other. He does not contend that it is com-
pulsory to give the privilege of taking testimony
on both sides. The most that lie contends is that
it may be done. Suppose we extend the time ninety
days: then there will be a new Commissioner, a
Commissioner appointed on the recommendation
of the very men that now are hurrying through
this extension; and he will be compelled to give
the privilege to one side, and not compelled to
give it to the other. 1 trust there is no such in-
tention as this—no such object. But what does it
mean when Senators are not willing to insert the
provision that testimony may be taken in support
of the extension of the patent as well as against
it? If it is compulsory on one side, I want it com-
pulsory on the other. If you are going to leave
it to the discretion of the Commissioner on one
side, leave it to his discretion on the other. I do
not want to have a resolution passed in these
equivocal terms, that may decide a case involving
a man's whole fortune, without giving him a
chance to be heard.
Nor does it reconcile me when the Senator asks
if I seriously believe such is the construction. I
cannot comprehend how a lawyer can believe
anything else. It is inconceivable to my nnnd
how any other construction can be put upon it.
Clearly it is admitted that there is no compulsion
on the Commissioner to grant the privilege to Mr.
McCormick; but it is compulsory to grant it to
his contestants, under this resolution; and in view
of the fact that there is to be a change of Com-
missioner in the mean time, I think the Senate
ought to acquit itself of any suspicion on the part
of anybody that there is any design in this, fur-
ther than to give a fair trial. That can be done
by adopting my amendment. I do not want to
believe that there is any such design; and I think
the vote of the Senate will show, by adopting the
amendment, that there is no such design.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it seems to me
that the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Illinois ought to be made to this joint
resolution, without refeience to the question how
gentlemen may suppose the Commissioner will
decide, if the amendment be there or be not there.
We must take the facts as they stand. The Com-
missioner has already had before him the ques-
tion of the extension of the time for taking testi-
mony, and he has twice decided it; the proofs are
closed, under the existing law, according to his
decision. He has closed the proofs on both
sides.
Now, the proposition is, by special legislation,
to compel him to extend the time on one side
alone. I do not know the construction the Com-
missioner will give to this joint resolution. Under
the law as it stood before, undoubtedly, without
reference to this resolution, the Commissioner
might have extended the time on either side. He
declined to do so; the proofs were closed; and I
suppose every equity lawyer understands the
meaning of that. The proofs were closed by ju-
dicial decision, or on motion made. Then comes
in special legislation—special legislation manda-
tory for the benefit of one side alone, and reopen-
ing, as a matter of right, the proofs on one side,
and leaving it discretionary on the other. If these i
parties were to come before the Commissioner '
without this resolution, of course, he would say,
"The question is decided; yon have hud two ar-
guments, and I have denied that theic is any
foundation for reopening the case." They bring
now this joint resolution. You have the power
to pass it;and theCommissioncr will doubtless be
bound by it. This resolution provides that, as a
matter of right, one side alone may take testimony.
His discretion as to that is gone. The time is
specified—that they shall have ninety days more.
All discretion is put an end to on one side alone.
It only shows what all this special legislation will
end in; this interference by Congress with the
performance of duties judiciafin their nature. Of
course, favoritism and partiality. It can end in
nothing else. "When the Commissioner comes
to look at this law of yours, he finds his discre-
tion gone on one side. Is he going to revise the
action of Congress, and say, "I have already
decided, under the general laws, on the facts be-
fore me, that there is no ground whatever for
opening the proofs in this case, or extending the
time; and I am compelled, without regard to dis-
cretion, to extend it on one side alone: does that
render it obligatory on me; is it my duty, taking
that law, (which binds me to the extent that it is
compulsory, and no further,) to throw the case
open on the other side, when Congress have seen
fit to throw it open on one side alone I think
it very doubtful. I will not say that he would
be prohibited by this resolution from opening the
proofs on the otherside; but, taking the just con-
clusion as applied to the facts as they exist now,
that the proofs have been closed on both sides,
I doubt whether the present Commissioner would
open the proofs except to the extent that your law
compelled him to do it.
But take a step further: Suppose the existing
Commissioner, within the next forty days, should
be removed from office, and the application should
be made under this resolution, the language of
which is " that the parties interested in resisting
the extension of the patent"—the right is given to
them alone—" shall have a right to take testi-
mony in opposition to the extension." This is
the resolution as it stands. It is mandatory, and,
of course, he must let them take testimony for
ninety days; it gives them an absolute right be-
yond his discretion. When he turns to the case
otherwise, under the former law which gave a
discretion, he may say, "I cannot let you take
testimony on the other side, because the decision
of my predecessor has foreclosed the matter; he
has decided, after hearing, that the proofs were
closed; it is not for me to revise his action, founded
on any equity arising out of this act of Congress;
for if Congress had meant that the proofs should
be opened on both sides, they would have so pro-
vided in the law, and not provided without refer~
ence to discretion, that they should be opened on
one side alone.
This is the view I take. Without assuming
what the decision may be, it may well be that,
under this resolution, the Commissioner may de-
cline to take testimony except 011 one side. On
the other side it is mandatory; he is obliged to
take it, if your resolution passes. That is not jus-
tice. It is an interference by legislation with a
judicial investigation with regard to rights between
"man and man; but it is only characteristic, in my
judgment, of the whole system. I have nothing
to do with the motives of gentlemen; I impeach
the motives of no one; but it is the falsity of the
system that 1 protest against; it is the danger of
the precedent of Congress interfering for the pur-
pose-of disturbing the course of justice, (because
it is the course of justice in this case, where the
action is by the appiopriate officer skilled in his
office under an existing law,) and undertaking to
interfere with the course of his proceedings on
the application of one side. You cannot distin-
guish this case from the one which I stated to
you. If you have a right properly to pass such
a law as this and arrest an investigation, which
is judicial in Us character, before the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and extend the time for taking
proofs in a case where the general law leaves that
as a matter of judicial discretion, with afull knowl-
edge of the facts, to him, you have just the same
right, if a case is pending in a circuit court of the
United States, and on the application of one of
the parties the court decides that the proofs are
closed, and refuses him time to take further tes-
timony, and sets down the case for trial at a given
day, to undertake in the interim to reverse the
decision of the court made m the particular case,
and to compel the court to allow testimony to he
taken on one side alone. There would be no
greater violation of the spirit of the Constitution;
no greater violation of the great general rule that is
meWnt to keep legislation distinct from judicial
action, in the one case than iri thfe other.
Sir, I am perfectly aware, from ^he Votes Wlrrch
have been taken, that the passage'of this're&oiif-
tion appears to be a foregone'conclusion. IishaH
vote, however, for the amendment, because it-is
right; and the resolution ought to have beeri so
originally framed, if it is to be passed at
that fails, doubtless the resolution Will pass with-
out amendment. Then, the last hope I
that the President of the United States wilthave
sufficient regard for the Federal Constitution 16
send your resolution back to you; and then I d<*
not think you can get quite two thirds of the Sen-
ate to pass it. *
Mr. PUGrH. I want the attention of the Sen-
ator from Maine for a moment, as he was so con-
fident in his legal proposition. I say the passagie
of this joint resolution will have theeffect to avoid
the renewal of the patent, if it is granted, if I un-
derstand the act before me. This act—the act of
1836—provides:
" Whenever any patentee of an invention oi* discovery
shall desire nn extension of his patent beyonel the term of
its limitation, be may make application therefor, in writing,
to the Commissioner of the Patent Office, setting forth the
grounds thereof; and the Commissioner shall, on the ap-
plicant's paying the sum of forty dollars to the credit of tne
Treasury, as in the case of an original application for a pat-
ent, cause to be published, in one or more of the principal
newspapers in the city of Washington, and in such other,
paper or papers as he may deem proper, published in the
section of country most interested adversely to the exten-
sion of the patent, a notice of such application, and of the
time and place where and when the same will be consid-
ered, that any person may appear and show cause why the
extension should not be granted."—Brightly's Digest of thi
Laws of the United States, p. 733.
A subsequent section fixes the term of the ad-
vertisement at ninety days, and requires the Com-
missioner, upon the application being made, to re-
mit it to the chief examiner of patents, who shall
inquire into the novelty of the original claim; and
also requires the applicant to make and file under
oath a certain statement of his profits. Now, ob-
serve, that the notice is to all the world to appear
on a day certain. That is the only notice they
have. When that day comcs, they are to be there.
If they are not there, of course their rights are
foreclosed. That notice has been given in this
case; the testimony has been closcd. Certain per-
sons saw fit to resist; others did not. They did
not find it necessary to resist upon that testimony
or upon that state of the case. Now, if we inter-
fere, and grant another hearing to particular par-
ties, those who did not choose under the former
state of the case, to appear at the former hearing,
will not be bound by the decision in favor of re-
newing the patent. There is a decision to that
effect by one of the circuit courts, as appears from
this note in Brightly's Digest:
" The grant of a patent is not, of itself, a bar to an inter-
locutory injunction in favor of one claiming to be a prior
patentee of the same thing, such person not having received
notice at the Patent Office to appearand be heard."—Wil-
son vs. Barnum, 1 Wallace, jr., p. 347,
The difficulty is, that Mr, McCormick*e proof
is ended as against all the world; the time has ex-
pired. The Commissioner might possibly enlarge
it as to these parties; he cannot enlarge it as to
anybody else. We cannot grant it for Mr. Mc-
Cormick in such a way as to give him a valid claim
against other persons, though these parties might
possibly be taken, by consent or by application,
to be bound; and that is the consequence of this
attempt to interfere by resolution of Congress
with grave controversies between parties pending
before an appropriate tribunal. I shall expect
next, that if some counsel, having causes heard
in the Supreme Court of the United States, feara
decision adverse to the interests of their clients,
they will be here; and if they are of the right pol-
itics, and sufficiently industrious, I suppose we
shall be called upon to grant new trials in that
court.
I said at the outset, that I wanted the commit-
tee to examine this joint resolution; but I have
now examined it sufficiently to come to a conclu-
sion in my own mind; and, as I intimated in the
beginning, I am satisfied that the passage of this
joint resolution will give Mr. McCormick a claim
which he will press against your Government. It
is the design of these parties, I am now satisfied,
to interrupt the due and regular administration of
justicc in the Patent Office, in order to wrest his
patent from him, and turn him over against the
Treasury of the United States. It is a clear vio-
