1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong....2d Sers.
State of the Union—Wade.
Ho. of ;
harmonious note uttered, so far as the safety of
the Union was concerned. But that salvation
proved a vain abortion, and the voice of reproba-
tion and discontent and unsubmissiveiiess rang
throughout the land, even while these songs of
deliverance were being sung by the party that has
been in power from that time to the present. They
told us that that devil, of slavery agitation had
been cast out. And now, I ask every reflecting
mind to state to us, candidly a,nd frankly, what
we are doing, or proposing to do, that has the
slightest tendency to cure this infirmity of our old
Constitution, framed by a class of men of whom
it may well be said, " there were giants in those
days?" And yet, they could not frame a Consti-
tution which we pigmies cannot tear down and
scatter to the winds in a single month. Sir, I
scout this whole idea of compromise and conces-
sion. I can remember when, in my boyhood, as
far hack as 1821, we were assured that the Union
was saved—saved by concessions on the part of
the people of the free States. I can remember
what rejoicings there were that the Union was
then saved. Now, let any man take a careful,
view of the question, in its various bearings, and
he will find that slavery is under an eternal neces-
sity of concession, It cannot be preserved, or con-
tinued, or extended, without wearing away the
foundations of freedom. When you attempt to
restrain it, you find that it is a necessity which
admits of no constraint. If you give freedom to
the press, and let it attack slavery, slavery would
be gradually and peacefully set aside ill fcvery
slave State. Allow liberty of specch on the .sub-
ject, and the institution of slavery would be un-
dermined, and would go down gradually. Nay,
sir, if you allow men m the slave States to enjoy
those rights that are enjoyed p the free States,
slavery could not endure for a quarter of a cen-
tury. It would be peaceably put down by the
masses, again^ whose free labor the labor of
slaves comes into ruinous competition.
Mr. Speaker, let mo speak a little further on the
right of secession; for I look upon that as the
fundamental error in the theories of our southern
friends. If that right exists at all, it exists at all
times and under every circumstance— in every con-
dition of the country, in peace and in war. And
even now, sir, we may bo in the midst of a war—
a war that is necessary for our existence as-a. na-
tion under this pernicious dogma of the right of
secession; and we need all the strength of the
whole nation to resist our enemies, who are prac-
tising under this great heresy. And yet, sir, if
secession be a right, it is a right in time of war as
much as it is in time of peace. There is no reason
why a State may not secede and make a separate
treaty with the enemy at any time; surrender her
army to the enemy, and call that an act of seces-
sion. Why, sir, the thing is an infinite absurdity.
If the Constitution does not bind us as a Union of
States that cannot be severed without the mutual
consent of the States, then there is no Union;
there is nothing for us to contend for; and it is
vain for the several States to send commissioners
here to patch up a wretched truce which may be
broken before they have signed their names and
affixed their seals to it.
Now, what is proposed by all the measures that
have been suggested to cure this difficulty? The
Constitution is to be revised and reformed in some
way or other, so as to accommodate it to the pres-
ent necessities of slavery. Let us look at one of
the propositions brought forward here by the
committee of thirty-three. I voted against rais-
ing that committee. I was satisfied then,as I am
satisfied now, that it was a measure pregnant with
nothing but mischief; and I believe we have not
yet experienced a tenth of the mischief to which
tjie'raising of that committee must inevitably give
rise. Here is one of the propositions that are
made to heal the wouqds of the Union made by
the election of a President of the^Jnitod States
strictly in accordance with the Constitution of the
United States:
"Art. 19. No amendment of this Constitution, hav-
ing tor its object any interference within the State:- with
the relation between their citizens and those described in
section second of tile fust article of the Constitution nt ' all
other persons,' shall originate with any State that does not
recognize that relation witllin its own limits, or shall be
valid without the assent ot every one of the States com-
posing the Union.:J
Now, sir, a State may, and, in the course of
events, inevitably must, become weary of slavery.
It may become unprofitable; it, may become de-
structive to the border slave States. Open the
African slave trade, and how speedily will slavery
become a njiisance and a curse to those States?
Continue the system of smuggling; that is now car-
ried on, and let it increase, as it has increased for
the last fifteen years, and these border States w.ill
find no market for their surplus slaves. ' Then
they must desire, above all things, to be rid of that
ruinous system. Let them be bowed down under
this weight of slavery, and yet be unable, of them-
selves, to effect an emancipation, it being too diffi-
cult a measure for them to carry forward them-
selves; let them long to ask for the aid of the
Federal Government, or of their fellow States;
and yet this proposition cuts off all power in those
States to relieve their burdened and ruined breth-
ren. Any State that has half a dozen slaves may
put its veto upon the action of Congress, and of'
the several States, in aid of such State, or to lift
.that burden which is crushing it in the dust. -
Sir, can we vote for such.a proposition? Is
there anything in the character, or conditions, or
relations of slavery, that impose this necessity
upon us; that forbids us to help those who want
help; that forbids us to be generous or noble-
hearted towards our sister States which desire and
need our aid? The heart of the philanthropist
may break to give deliverance, but none shfili be
granted. Thenoblestimpulsesofthehuman heart
wither and die under this most heartless and need-
less and wicked provision. Sir, there never was,
in the history of legislation, a proposition so ut-
terly indefensible as this; and yctthis isto be the
great cure-all for tile diseases of the nation at the
present time.
Now, after these loose remarks, I wish to turn
the attention of the House for a few moments to
the successive salvations of this Union. In 1820,
as we all know, the controversy as to the admis-
sion of the State of Missouri into the Union with
slavery, produced a great excitement between the
two sections of the nation. We were told thata
few patriotic men—good men, men whom I was
trained to venerate as the foremost of their race—
eameforward and proposed to draw a line between
freedom and slavery; to give the south of that line
to slavery, and the north of that line to freedom.
That, for the time being, did allay the excitement
on the subject of slavery, then pervading the coun-
try. It was then supposed that that would be the
last of the struggle between freedom and slavery.
All the territory then belonging to the United
States had its status fixed by that compromise.
One part of it was appropriated to freedom and
the other to slavery.
Well, matters ran along up to 1854, and then it
was found by the Constitution-mongers that the
very means which saved the Union in 1820 was
destroying it in 1854. After all, the Union was
not saved; it was discovered,by the professional
Union-savers, that this great healing measure of
our fathers was unconstitutional; that, as a law
upon the statute-book, it was degrading and unjust
to the South. As a substitute for this provision,
the " great principle of squatter sovereignty" was
invented, which was to determine the fate of all
the States that might be carved out of the Terri-
tories belonging to the Union. Well, sir, after a
struggle unprecedented in the history of congres-
sional procedure, that question was settled. Then
the greatroot of bitterness was extracted," grubbed
up," and cast out; and we were told that we were
to enjoy a millennium of peace, which was to reign
over us and our children, down to the latest gen-
eration.
But what was the result? After stirring up this
mischief, the blood was bubbling and boiling and
seething throughout the entire Confederacy; and
from that hour there has not been a moment of
peace within the Union, nor is there likely to be
until we come to another salvation of the Union.
After eight years' trying of that salvation we are
now to have another. And who is to bring this
great salvation to the Union ? What propositions
are there set forth among our wise men, our pru-
dent men, our conservative men, as they call them-
selves ? What do they propose ? Anything that
is calculated to allay this conflict between freedom
and slavery—that " irrepressible conflict" which
was said to have been invented by. Senator Sew-
ard in 1*854 ? :No, sir; po Spnafor, noEapres^t".
"' """ ''  ' " ' " ywwl.'
ative, no lawyer, no clergyman, no Iaym^u,. j
ever divined the period when th$f " irreprgssiljta
conflict" commenced.' There Qxists,and.always
has existed, a y'arfare between treedom an4 ft'op#;,
age, slavery and liberty, so irreconcilably, th^'t
they cannotue madetoworkharmoniously.-.Tb^y.
never have done so heretofore, and they ne/er will
do so hereafter. No, sir.. Slavery has destroyed'
freedom, in every nation where it has been fole'r-*
ated; it has been permitted to work out its legit-
imate fruits. I know .we-arc told by the advocates
of this system that slavery has existed in. all parts,
and ages of the world. Well, sir, so have {heft,
falsehood, and crime, existed in all ages of the"
world; but is that a good reason why they shoul^
be encouraged by legislation? Is thata reason.why.
they should be continued ? I have no doubt (ji.at
oppression and tyrong will always exist so long as"
the human race exists as it'now exists on the face
of the earth, and slavery, perhaps, among .the'
other of these great wrongs. . , " " . ,
But, sir, to come down to the present,
ask, what are the measures proposed as remedies,
for the present difficulties ? ' Is it slavery that lias*
made this trouble? That, sir, is one of the ele-
ments that enters into this great political struggle.^
but it is not the.cause of it. It is in_vaiii for. poj-.
iticians to come forward liere'no.w'ariisay'that
by any action we can take upon this question the
difficulty can be allayed, and an end put to this*
sectional strife. No, sir, by no means that we|
can devise can wc put an end to the struggle,. If
we take such a line of policy as will satisfy the
slave States, the free States will be restive under
it; and if we adopt such a lino of policy as will
satisfy the free States, the slave States will not
rest contented under it. What shall we do, then ?
Oijr friends say compromise, compromise, com-
promise. That is the panacea for all the evils'
under which wo rest. Compromise what ? Com-
promise justice > Compromise the freedom which
our fathers puichased with their blood ? Shall we
dedicate our Territories to the sustenance of bond-
men and the owners of bondmen ? Shall we ropel
freedom from the soil purchased by our fathers
with their blood and treasure, and yield it'lip to
the desolations of eternal servitude? Wjhy, sir,
we cannot do it and not blush that we are their
posterity." The necessities of the free States de-
mand that we have scope to extend our principles
and our institutions; and they are as dear to us
as the institutions of the South can possibly be
to them. And those who claim a hold upon oui;
liberality demand that we shall yield to them all
their demands, upon the ground that weare strong,
and can afford the sacrifice without injury to our-
selves. Those men labor under a great mistake.
We are not strong; politically we are weak beside
the slave States; anti why? Because the nearer
a despotism any Government comes, the stronger
it is for immediate, rapid, decided action; and the
more democratic, the less efficient it is to adapt
itself to an exigency which may be sprung upon
it in a moment of unanticipated danger. There
is no question about that. There is one heart and
soul, and one spirit actuating the slave power.
! Prompted by one purpose, one interest,, one ue-
j cessity, it can unite and act, as they have done in
! this secession movement, while we are looking
I round and wondering from what cloud the thun-
der comes.
While we have been looking round, they havg
done the act; and they have ,doriq it" in a way
which, they tell us, is a finality—-a title with
which all our sham compromises and adjustments
are dignified. All the slave States have taken their
ground, and are determined to maintain it. There
is but one. voice and one purpose throughout the
slaveholding States—the cotton no more than the
grain-growing States, if I may so designate them;
no more the Gulf States than the "border States.
They are all a unit; made so by common inter-
ests and a common danger. So,also, a common
jealousy, and a commonfear, and a common hate,
excited by the lapid growth of the free States,
which excites them to a common hostility to those
States. They have no confidence in the sincerity
of the professions wo make; yet I venture to say
that, in no single instance, has any compromise
entered into between the sections of theUnion been,
