THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
due to the claimants, whose bills are on the Cal-
endar, that the order, deliberately made by the
Senate a few days ago, suspended as it was by
the understanding of some of the Senators—cer-
tainly by my understanding—only for the purpose
of disposingof the joint resolution that was called
up by the Senator from Ohio, should now he ex-
ecuted, as far as is in our power, for the remainder
of this day. I, for one, will not vote to take up
any other bill in the place of the Private Calendar.
I should like to know from the Senator whether
his intention is to take up the tariff bill for the
purpose of going on with its present considera-
tion, or fixing it for consideration at some future
day.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will cheerfully state, in
reply to the Senator, that my purpose is to take
this bill up and proceed with its consideration, if
the Senate so agree. I think it much more im-
portant for us to provide some means of paying
debts now lying on the table of the Secretary of
the Treasury, for which warrants have been
drawn upon him, than it is to vote money out of
the Treasury to private claimants to-day. That
is my opinion; but if the Senate wish otherwise,
of course they will refuse to take up the bill. I
feel it my duty to urge it. i voted to postpone
the Private Calendar to-day for the purpose of
taking up this bill, and I had hoped it would be
taken up two hours ago.
Mr. POLK. We hffve just passed a loan bill for
some twenty-five million dollars, which, I think,
ought to enable us to stay our hand long enough
to proceed in the execution of the special order, or
to resume it, that was made by the Senate a few
days ago. I hope the Senate will not take up
that bill, but will go on and devote at least the
residue of this day to the consideration of the
Private Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Rhode Island
to take up for consideration House bill No. 338.
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 26, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Biglor, Bingliarn, Crunoron,
Chandler,Clark, Collamcr,*Di\on, Doolittle, Duikoc, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Kmg, Mori ill, tie waul, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ton Eyck, Thomson, Trumbull, VVaclo,
Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, IMglu, Clingman, Doug-
las, Fitch, Green, Hemphill, IJunier, Johnson oi Aikaat-ah,
Johnson of Tcnnopsco, Kennedy, i.ano, Latham, Mason,
Nicholson, Peaico, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Suulalmry,
and Sebastian—23.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business. It
is too late to go on with the bill now. We have
got some important business on the executive Cal-
endar; and I hope we shall take it up and dispose
of it.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will withdraw that motion, and allow us
to proceed for some time with this bill.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GWIN (when his name was called) said:
1 paired off with the Senator from Oregon, who
is not here, [Mr. Baker;] otherwise I should vote
in favor of the motion.
The result was then announced—yeas 19, nays
29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brass, Bright, Clingman, Douglas, Fitch,
Green, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane. La
tham, Mason, NkhoUon, Pcarce, Polk, Powell, Pugh,
Saulf-bury, and Sebastian—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler. Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark. Coliamer, Dixon, Doohttlo, Durkeo, Fcs-
enden, foot, Foster, Giimes, Hale, Ilarlan, Jvins, Momll,
liieu, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Evvk, Thomson,
Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The tariff bill j
is now before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, and will bo read. |
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest that the reading |
of the first four sectionsbedispensed with. They !
relate to the Joan, part of which has been pro- 1
vided for by the report of the conference commit- !
tee. It passed the Senate this moniing, and 1
suppose will pass the House. The Secretary can
begin reading at the tifth section. The first four !
sections will require modification in consequence |
of the report of the committee of conference this
morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be taken, no objection being made.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
Mr. LANE. When this bill was pending last
year, I offered an amendment to it. I wish to
inquire whether that amendment is now pending
or whether it will be in order to offer it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the bill has been reported back from
the select committee, to which it was referred
with various amendments, and according to the
usual practice of the Senate, action will first be
taken on the amendments recommended by the
committee; and then amendments offered by any
other Senator would be in order.
Mr. GREEN. Let the bill and amendments
be read.
Mr. LANE. Then I give notice that, when the
hill shall have been read, I will move the amend-
ment which I offered last year to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read, unless dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask if there is any objec-
tion to passing by the first four sections, as they
relate to the loan, and will be modified before they
are offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the reading of the four first sections
will be dispensed with.
Mr. GREEN. I desire the whole of it read.
It is a very important measure.
Mr. HALE. Will it be read through before
any amendments can be offered?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator from
Missouri that we might take up the bill, and read
section by section, and act upon them consecu-
tively. Lot the first four sections be passed over,
and the Secretary commence with the fifth, and
read that section through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the whole bill has been demanded; and it must
be read upon the demand of any member. After
the reading, the amendments reported by the
committee will be next in order.
Mr. FITCH. I move that the Senate adjourn,
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 21, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Most*. Brajj"*, Bught, Clingman, Fitch, Fool,
Gieon, Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Aikan>a>, Johnson
of Tenni'sM-e, Kennedy, Lane. Laiham, Mason, Peaiec,
Polk. Powell, Pugh, Hut, HauMmry, and .Sebastian—21.
NAYS—Me>sr«. Anthony, Hitler, Bingham, Canieion,
Ohandlci, Clark, Coliamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Dui-
kee, t'ebsenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hailan, King, Mor-
 ill, NichoUon, Reward, riiuimons-, Sunmur, Ten Evek,
Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read thu bill.
The Secretary proceeded to read it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It will take a long while,
I suppose, to have the hill read. I was going to
suggest a compromise: that the Senators who
called for the reading of the bill should consent to
dispense with the rending, and that we might then
adjourn. I take it for granted Wf shall all read
it before voting on it. if there can be an under-
standing that the reading will not hereafter be
callcd for, I hope the friends of the measure will
consent to an adjournment. There would be no
loss of time, and we should gain something, per-
haps, in personal convenience.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
cannot be dispensed with unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. LANE I would rather hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the read-
ing will be proceeded with.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 believe my friend voted
to adjourn a moment ago; and I think he will
agree to dispense with the reading, if the Senate
( agree to adjourn.
| Mr. FITCH. It is in order now to move to
\ adjourn.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I intended to make that
I motion, if this understanding can be had.
; Mr. POWELL. I understand there are some
, amendments from the committee, which have not
1 yet been ordered t© be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS. There may be some slight
amendments, but they are of no consequence.
They will not be offered until after the other
amendments are passed upon.
Mr. POWELL. I was going to ask that these
amendments be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will proceed with the reading of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will renew the motion
to adjourn, anyhow; and I hope my friends will
not insist on the reading hereafter, if we do ad-
journ now.
TKe motion was not agreed to; there being,on
a division—ayes 13, noes 22.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted Senators
on either side will not insist on the reading of the
bill, provided it is understood that when the con-
sideration of it is resumed to-morrow, or when-
ever it may be, the reading will be dispensed with.
That, I think, will be understood on our side,
with a view to adjourning. We cannot act upon
it to-night.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would be perfectly content
with that, if the reading will not be resumed again
to-monow, so as to waste another day.
Mr. MASON. With the general understand-
ing, that when the bill is resumed again, Senators
will not insist upon the reading.
Mr. GREEN. I agree, on a condition: if the
Senate will give us to-morrow for the considera-
tion of private claims, I will do it; not otherwise
Several Senators. Go on with the reading.
Mr. MASON. Then the effect will be to con-
sume time, and adjourn when the reading is over.
That is all.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; I cannot help it.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will not
persist.
Mr. GREEN. I think there are a great many
discrepancies in the bill, which will have to be
corrected.
Mr. FESSENDEN, We shall claim to-mor-
row for the appropriation bills.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall ask the Senate to take
up an appropriation bill to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say in regard to
this bill that it lias been put off for three years
by this sort of motions. If gentlemen on the other
side will say they are willing to let it be discussed
and voted upon, I will agree to anything they
propose; but if this is done only for the purpose
of wasting time and preventing the passage of
this bill, I will not.
Mr. LANE. Let the Secretary proceed with
the rending of the bill.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the bill,
when he was interrupted by
Mr. PTJGH. As the Secretary is now reading
the free list, I do not suppose it is necessary to
read that. We cannot make anything by it. I
move that the further reading of the bill be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. SIMMONS. There are some sections after
that that might be read.
Mr. GREEN. I think this is the most import-
ant section there is in the bill, and I wish to have
it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale in
the chair.) It requires unanimous consent to
dispense with the reading.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the reading of that
portion of the bill.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the
bill.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Will it be in ordertohave
the bill read again. [Laughter.] It was read so
fast that I could not understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav-
ing been read once, it will require a vote of the
Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hats, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A biil (No. 979) for the relief of Samuel Beas-
ton, master of the schooner George Harris;
A bill (No. 980) for the adjustment of the slaims
