1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
of the PugetSound Agricultural Company under
the treaty of 1846 with Great Britain; and
A bill (No. 983) to confirm a certain land claim
in the Territory of New Mexico.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the following bill and joint res-
olution; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan; and
A joint resolution (ii. II. No. 71) extending
the time for taking testimony on the application
of Cyrus H. McCormick for the extension of bis
patent.
PATENT LAWS.
The message further announced that the House
had passod the bill of the Senate (No. 10) m ad-
b'' dition to " An act to promote the progress of the
useful arts," with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested; and on mo-
tion of Mr. Bigler, the bill, with the amendments
of the House of Representatives, was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 924) granting an invalid pension to
John Rogers, of Tennessee—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (No. 979) for the relief of Samuel Beaston,
master of the schooner George Harris—to the
Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 980) for the adjustment of the claims
of the Puget Sound Agricultural Company, under
the treaty of 1846, with Great Britain—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 981) to confirm a certain private
land claim in the Territory of New Mexico—to
the Committee on Private Laad Claims.
Mr. LATHAM I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 8, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXPENSES OF MILITARY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with law, a statement of the contingent
expenses of the War Department for 1860; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to present the memorial of two thousand
two hundred and eighty-nine citizens of Phila-
delphia—all of whom, with the exception of two,
voted for Mr. Lincoln for President of the United
States—in favor of the Crittenden propsitions, or
some such proposition as will settle the existing
difficulties in the country.
There was no objection; and the memorial was
received, and laid upon the table.
Mr. liOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House, that I may in-
troduce the resolutions of an immense meeting of
citizens of Kentucky, Ohio, and Indiana, held at
Aurora, in favor of conciliation, and urging the
adoption of the Crittenden propositions.
There was no objection; and the resolutions
were received and laid upon the table.
They are as follows:
Resolutions adopted at a meeting held l\j citizens of Ken-
tucky, Indiana, arid Ohio, at Aurora, Indiana, on the :2d of
tfelruafy, 18S1.
John Gaff, Mayor of the city of Aurora, wa^ called to the
chair, and W. II. NcUon and A. Bookvvalter weie appointed
secretaries. Hon. GVorge VV. Lane, chairman of Uie com-
mittee on resolutions, reported the following, which were
adopted:
Whereas we deplore the bad feeling that nowthieatens
the perpetuitv of the Union, and sincerely believe that the
only nue eoui^e to restore harmony in our community is
by a fair and honorable spirit of compromise, concession,
and conciliation: Therefore,
Resolved, That we corisiderthe pcace, the harmony, and
perpetuity of our national Government, of more importance
than any questions which have hitherto divided the politi-
cal parties, and that the time has now come when nil party
feeling should be laid aside to promote the good of our
country.
Resolved, That we would indorse with pleasure the res-
olutions known as the "Crittenden compiomise,"orthe
" bordei-Statcs resolutions," or any fair and honorable plan
that will lo^toie the fraternal feelings of our citizens.
Resolved, That we hail witli pleasure the largo number
of Kentuckians we find attending this meeting, and pre-
sent to them the right hand ot fellowship, and unite in the
pledge of continued friendship; and let the futuie terminate
as it may, let Kentucky and Indiana remain irrevocably on
the most intimate terms.
Resolved, That the secretary be directed to send copies
of this meeting to lion. J. J. Crittendcn, of the United
States Senate, and Hon. William S. Holman, our Rep-
resentative in Congress.
Mr. KENYON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to present a petition, nu-
merously signed by citizens of Catskill, New
York, praying for the speedy adoption of some
proposition for the adjustment of the existing
troubles in the country, and especially in favor
of the adoption of the border-States proposition.
In the long list of namesattached to it I recognize
those of prominent and leading Republicans of
Catskill.
There was no objection; ?yid the petition was
received, and laid upon the table.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolve/h That the chairman of the Committee for the
District of Columbia be, and he is heieby, directed to notify
all panics i.nteiested for and against the extension of the
Halumore and Olno railroad timmgh the public grounds,
and that said hearing ho had at an eaily day.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
MESSAGE FttOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 545,
granting a pension to Gregory Patti, with an
amendment; and that it had also passed Senate
bill No. 551, for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget,
m which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House; also, that that body insist on their
second amendment (disagreed to by the House)
to House bill No. 972, authorizing a loan, and
agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two llouses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Gwin, and !
Mr. Anthony, the managers at the said confer-
ence on the pait of the Senate; and also, that that
body had appointed Mr. Gwin a member of the
committee of conference, on its part, on House
bill No. 866, to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1861, in the place of Mr. Fessenden,
excused.
PCGET SOUND AGRICULTURAL COMPANY.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to report, from
the Committee on Public Lands, a bill for the ad-
justment of all claims of the Puget Sound Agri-
cultural Company, under the treaty of 1846 with
Great Britain.
Mr. PlIELPS. I raise no objection, provided
the bill be referred to a committee for investiga-
tion. It concerns rights under a treaty between
the United States and Great Britain.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I propose to report
the bill from the Committee on Public Lands.
That committee unanimously instructed me to
report it to the House, and ask that it be put on
its passage. It is rpcommendcd by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
IIOCKADAY & LIGGET.
Mr. BURCII. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the bill which has just come in
from the Senate, for the relief of Hockaday &
Ligget, be now put on its passage. The amount
appropriated under the bill is £40,000. There is
no use in referring it to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, because that com-
mittee has considered the case two or three times,
and has each time reported in its favor.
Mr. SPAULDING. I object.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit the fallowing report from; the
committee of conference ori the dis%reeing votes
between the two Houses on the loan bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 972) " authorizing
a loan," having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to iccommend, and do recommend, to therespective
Houses, as follows: - -~ '
That the House recede from their disagreement to th&
Senate's second amendment, and agree to the same, witti
an amendment, as follows: Strike out the whole amend-
ment, and insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the residue of
the loan authorized by the act of 22d of June, 1860, or so
much thereof as is necessary, shall be applied to the re-
demption of the Treasury notes issued under the act of 17th
of December, 1860, and for no other purpose; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized, at his discre-
tion, to exchange at par bonds of the United States author-
ized by said act of 22d of June, 1860, for the said Treasury
notes or the accruing interest thereon.
Sec. (?. Jlnd he it further enacted, That, to defray the ex-
pense of engraving and printing certificates of such stoefc,
and other expenses incident to the execution of this act, the
sum of $20,000 is hereby appropriated: Provided, That no
compensation shall be allowed for any service performed
under this act to any officer whose salary is established by
law.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Trca-mry shall not be obliged to accept the most favor-
able bids, as heiembeiore provided, unless he shall con-
sider it advantageous to the United States to do so; butfor
any portion of such loan not taken under the first adver-
tisement, he may advertise again, at his discretion.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN S. PHELPS,
THADDEUS STEVENS,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
J. A. PEARCE,
WILLIAM M. GWIN,
U. ii. ANTHONY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN I move that that report be
adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
LAKE ST. CROIX.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of Minne-
sota, asking for an appropriation of money for
the improvement of St. Croix river and the bead
of Lake St. Croix to Taylor's Falls; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
EUGENE FREAN.
Mr. WALTON moved that the Committee of
Claims bo discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Eugene Prean, on behalf
of William Frean, praying indemnity for the loss
of the schooner Isaac McKim, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
THEODORE ADAMS.
Mr.WALTON,from the Committee ofClaims,
reported back Court of Claims bill No. 102, for
the relief of Theodore Adams; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ELIZABETH O. WILLETT.
Mr. TAPPAN moved that the Committee of
Claims bo discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Elizabeth C. Willett, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
JOHN VEITCII.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of John Veitch; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
HODGES AND LANSDALB.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Hodges and Lans-
dale, the administrators of William Kilgore, de-
ceased, and administrators of Rinaldo johnson
and Ann E. Johnson, deceased; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL BEASTON.
Mr. MOORPIEAD, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
Beaston, master of the schooner George Harris;
which was read a first and second time.
