232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
86th Cong.... 2d Sess.
Militia Laio—Mr. Bocock.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr/Speaker, I oppose this bill on account of
the' features it contains; the consequences it will
produce,"and thepolicy.itinaugurates.' I charac-
terized this bill, yesterday, as a " declaration of
war." I dWstiuport hearing itreadattheClerk's
disk, and'withcmi'supi&iertt.opporturiity to exam-
ine if. Having fully examined it, I say now, it
ii worse than a (fecTara'tion of war. It clothes
the "President^ in lime-of peace,"with: dictatorial
poVgrk " I a¥rt not in the habit of expressing my-
self rasVy, br"in exaggerated terms; and I would
50^ 'n<Hf s"p&& ill stlch language of this bill if I
did 'rf<5t>'6li<iiv^'that I can show to every unbiased
niihd thSt What 1 say is just.
"We have now upon the statute-book, Mr.
Speaker, the acts of 1795 and of 1807. Under
these laws the President has ample authority to
cattout the regular military power of the country,
in cijsc of invasion or danger of invasion from any
foreign nation or Indian tribe; also, in case of in-
surrection ir, any State against the Government
thereof—ill which case he shall act only upon the
call of the Legislature of such State, if in session;
or:ifnot in session, then upon the call of the Gov-
ernor. He has also the same power " whenever
the ikwsoft'he United.States shall be opposed, or
the execution thereof obstructed in any State, by
combinations"too powerful- to be suppressed by
the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, or by
the powers vested m the marshals,"&c. Now, sir,
this power has heretofore been considered ample
for every case which might arise under our Con-
stitution. ' ,
But this bill does more. It authorizes the Pres-
ident of the United States to employ the entire
military power of the country " in the case of in-
surrections against the authority of the United
States." Insurrections against the authority of
the United States! What are they ? What author-
ity has the United States beyond the enforcement
of its laws? Does the Constitution contemplate
the employ mentof the military power of the coun-
try except in the prosecution of war, the enforce-
ment of the laws, the repelling of invasion, and the
suppression! of insurrection against the govern-
ment, and laws of a State ?
The sixteenth clause of the eighth section, in
article one of the Constitution, gives, as one of
powers of the Congress of the United States, the
following:
"To provide for calling forth the militirt to cxccutc the
laws of the Umon, suppress mstnroetioiis, and repel inva-
sions."
The phrases here employed arc necessarily gen-
eral in their nature, and were subject to be inter-
preted, and enlarged Or restricted in their scope,
by subsequent clauses in the Constitution. The
power to use the military force of the country " to
exefeute the laws," was susceptible of easy limit-
ation by the existing practice of the States, and
by the usage under other liberal Governments, as
well as by the general scope and purpose of our
own Constitution. The phrase " to repel inva-
sions" was scarcely liable to dangerous misap-
prehension, for it necessarily implies an entry by
a foreign Power with hostile intent; and the re-
pulsion of such entry could do hurt in no rase.
But the phrase "to suppress insurrections"
was of a widely different character, lnsui rections
by w4iom and against what? It, is easy to see that
it might be construed so as to give a power which
• would overthrow antl destroy the real character
of our complex Government. In article four, sec-
tion four, of the Constitution, tt is provided that—
"The United States shall fiuaianty to eveiy State in
this Union a lepublic.'iii io$in ofgovernment, and shall pro-
tect each ot them against invasion , and,on application of
the Legislature or of the Executive, (wheri the Legislature
cannot be convened,.) agauwt domestic violence.''
Now, here was, to some extent at least, an in-
terpretation and limitation of the power. Here
it is clearly implied that the General Government
shall not interfere in a State to suppress insurrec-
tion against the State government, except on the
call and in the support of State authorities. Now,
unless the State should array itself against the
General Government, this appears to be the only
insurrection which could occur in a State without
a violation of the laws of the United States. The
power to suppress insurrections in a State is here
fully exhausted. Nor can there be an insurrec-
tion in the District of Columbia without a viola-
tion of the laws of the United States. It seems
that the power {(to suppress insurrections" was
given merely to authorize the General Govern-
ment to act in aid of State authorities, even when
its own laws were not opposed. The clause of
article one is therefore interpreted and limited by
section four of article four.
If this reasoning is correct,every casein which
the Government can constitutionally interfere to
suppress insurrections, is already provided for.
This view is sustained by wnat may be called
thecotemporaneous construction of the Constitu-
tion. If the meaning of the phrase is more com-
prehensive, how does it happen that no provi-
sion has been made or heretofore proposed for
such cases.
Aaron Burr was believed by many to have
plotted an insurrectionary movement against the
Government of the -United States, under Jeffer-
son's administration. Massachusetts and Con-
necticut disobeyed the order of President Madi-
son, when he called for their quota of militia for
the war of 1813 ; and the State of Georgia re-
fused compliance with a mandate of the Supreme
Court, made in the celebrated Cherokee case,
during the Presidency of General Jackson. Yet
nothing of this sort was proposed in either case.
Even in the days of South Carolina nullification,
no proposition was made to give to the President
the power to employ the military force of the
country to suppress insurrections against the
authority of the United States. If we go beyond
the limitation already named, by what bounds
will we terminate the extent of power conferred
in the phrase to suppress insurrectionsagainst the
authorities of the United States5
What is the authority of the United States ? I
suppose it means the acts of its officers, which
are authorized by law. Now, in this case, the
President would be the solo judge of the acts au-
thorized; and if he misjudged, there would be no
rcstraintupon him fiom any other sourcc. Should
the President ordc.racollcctor to reside in Charles-
ton or Mobile, and he, for being an Abolitionist,
should be driven out;should the IJost master Gen-
eral order a village postmaster to distribute doc-
uments which might be regarded incendiary, and
their distribution resisted; these might be con-
sidered cases of insurrection against the author-
ity of the United States, justifying a resort to the
military power of the country to crush out oppo-
sition. Indeed, gentlemen declare constantly upon
this floor that they regard the seceding States,
each and every one of them, as in a state of re-
bellion or insurrection against fhoauthority of the
United States. This bill would authorize the em-
ployment of the whole military force of the coun-
try to suppress the rebellious manifestations of
such States. It thus becomes, as has been said
on this side of the House, a measure of positive
and direct coercion against the seceding States.
Now, it is well known that the right so to coerce
was distinctly refused to the General Government
in the convention which framed the Constitution.
In all cases of conflict of views as to the author-
ity of State and General Government, it would
give the President.the right of absolute decision;
because he might employ (he whole military force
of the country to suppress, as insurrection against
his authority, all countervailing exercise of State
power. Fa'CH where the municipal regulations of
States seem to conflict with the authority of the
General Government, they may be suppressed as
insun uctionary. Thus would the whole genius
of our system be violated and overthrown. The
safeguards thrown around State rights will ail
prove vain and abortive. Under the Constitution
and laws now in force, the General Government
cannot interfere in the domestic troubles of a State,
except in aid of State authority, and upon its call,
nor to enfoice the execution of law by military
power, unless the ordinary process of judicial
proceedings shall prove insufficient. Pass this
bill, and anything can be done which the Presi-
dent may choose to Consider a suppression of
insurrection against the authority of the United
States.
Thus far, I have failed to notice the second sec-
( tion of the proposed bill. It authorizes the Pres-
j ident to accept the services of volunteers to sup-
ji press insurrections against the authority of the
\\ United Stales, and to commission the officers of
the companies. Now, under what clause of the
Constitution can this be done? Is it under that
clause which empowers Congress "to raise and
support armies r" It will scarcely be contended
that volunteers are legitimately classed as part of
the regular Army. If they may be called out or
accepted* as part of the militia, to execute the laws,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions, then
the right to commission their officers is expressly
reserved to the States. But why call for volun-
teers at all? Are not the Army, Navy, and mili-
tia, sufficient for all legitimate purposes in time of
peace ?
What I have already pointed out would appear
a sufficient stretch of power; but there is another
view of the matter which makes the bill yet more
odious. It will be remembered that the militia
compose far the greater part, perhaps three fourths,
of the active men of the country. Nearly every
man from eighteen to forty-five years of age con-
stitutes part of the militia. Now, remember that
the President may call out all these under this
bill, to suppress anything which he may choose
to consider an insurrection against the authority
of the United States; that is, in fact, at his will.
Wh.cn called out, they are under the rules and
articles of war. Now, in what condition will this
place them ? Article fifth of these rules and ai ti-
des is in these words:
" Any officer or soldier who shall use contemptuous or
dt.Mebpectiu] woids against the Picsident of the United
States, n^ain^t the Vice President theieof, against the Con-
gress of the United States,or against the chicf magistrate
or Legislature of'any ot the United States in which he may
bo quaitercd, if a commissioned officer, e-hall be casliieiod
or otheiwihC punished, as a court-maitial shall diiect; if a
non-commissioned officer or soldier, he shall suffer .such
punishment as shall be inflicted on him by the sentence of
a court-martial."
Why, sir, this country, in its early history, was
thrown into great commotion by what was called
the " sedition law." But what was that in com-
parison with this? It was the little rain-drop
compared with the rushing stream, the shadow
of a flying cloud contrasted with the darknessof
midnight. The President of the United States,
under this bill, would have the power, I may say
at his option, to place nearly the whole of the
effective power of the country—all the men from
eighteen to forty-five years of age—m a position
in which they would be liable to coui t-martial
for speaking disrespectful or contemptuous words
against «the President, Vice President, or Con-
gress.
Such, then, is this bill. It empowers the Presi-
dent of the United States, in addition to the reg-
ular forces of the country, to call forth the militia,
and to accept volunteers to an unlimited extent,
for an unlimited time, and to accomplish an in-
definite purpose; in the mean time to be under a
most oppressive sedition law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, is this not to clothe the
President with dictatorial authority ? Rank your
imagination, toitine youi invention, and can you
devise anything which would give him more un-
limited power ?
It has been surmised by many that, with the
conservatism of the southern States withdrawn,
the dominant party in the northern States would
quickly lapse into anarchy or despotism. But,
sir, who would have dared to surmise that so
soon, while a majority of the southern States still
hold connection'with them, they would seek by
one bold bound to tlnow themselves into the
arms of a military dictator? Yet, sir, here it is.
Wc have now a consideiable part of the regular
Army stationed in this metropolis. We, the Rep-
resentatives of the people, pass to and from our
legislative duties by the bayonets of a standing
army. Soldiers in full uniform look down upon
us from the galleries, and even stride with iron
heel around this Hall. A few days ago we had
a committee of this House unanimously report-
ing that the pretext for this army here was un-
founded. Wc had then leason to expect that the
Lieutenant General of the Army would have the
grace—shall I say the decency to remove it, m
great part at least, from our midst. But, so far
from that, he has even since then increased the
number with which he guards the capital. In a
few days this Administration will retire, and Mr.
Lincoln will come m. He will have a consider-
able standing army already assembled here, sub-
