5816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8.
Mr. MOORHEAD. That bill ought to pass.
It refunds a fine that ought not to have been im-
posed. 1 ask that a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury be read. It will explain the case.
The Qerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, Washington,
January 29, 1861.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication under date of the i?th instant, referring
the memorial of Captain Samuel Beaston—master of the
schooner George Hams, praying to be reimbursed for a fine
paid by him to the United States—to this Department; and
requesting any information that it may be able to furnish,
With an opinion as to the propriety of paying the claim; and
in reply I have to state that, after acaretul examination of
the papers submitted, the facts are found to be substantially
the same as reported to the Department by the judge of
the district court of the United States for the east district
of Louisiana, on which a warrant remitting the fine of $500
was issued, but subsequently revoked, on the Department
ascertaining that the money had been distributed, and the
X)mted States5 proportion paid into the Treasury, thus plac-
ing it beyond the lemitting power of the Department.
1 can perceive no objection to granting the relief asked
for by Captain Beaston, as it would have been extended by
the Department hud it not been placed beyond the authority
vested m it by the act of March 3, 1797.
The papers inclosed are herewith returned.
1 am, very respectfully, your obedientscrvant,
JOHN A.^DIX^
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. J. K. Moorhead,
Committee on Commerce, House of Representatives.
Mr. SPINNER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether half the fine was not paid
to the officers of the vessel ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I presume it was paid
under the law, half to the Government and half
to the informer. The mistake occurred in this
way: the article was included in the invoice of
a particular vessel. But it appears that it was
never on board that vessel at all. As soon as the
Treasury Department ascertained the facts, the
order was issued that the line be remitted; but
before the order was received, the fine had been
distributed under the law, one half to the Gov-
ernment and one half to the informants, as I under-
stand. The bill is to reimburse the fine which
was exacted. 1 think there should be no objec-
tion to the bill; and I ask that it may be passed.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUGET SOUND AGRICULTURAL COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I now report, from the
Committee on Public Lands, the bill which I this
morning asked the unanimous consent of the
House to report. I will say, that the gentleman
from Missouri, who objected this morning, has
since examined the bill, and is satisfied that it
ought to he passed.
Mr. PHKLPS. I will say that there was so
much noise this morning when the bill was read
that I could not understand what its provisions
were. I have since examined the bill, and am
satisfied that it is a proper one. I therefore with-
draw my objection.
Mr. SPAuLDING. I object to the consider-
ation of that hill.
The SPEAKER. The bill comes now regu-
larly before the House, on the call of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands for reports. If it does
not contain an appropriation an objection will not
prevent its consideration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, It does not contain
an appropriation.
The bill was read. It provides that all persons
claiming lands m Washington Territory in virtue
of the claims of the Puget Sound Agricultural
Company, under the provisions of the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, of the 15th June, 1846, shall be au-
thorized, within a year from the passage of this
act, to make application for a confirmation of their
tides, and, under certain restrictions provided for,
to have their titles confumed.
Mr. SPAULDING. la the report of this bill
in order?
The .SPEAKER. It is in order, coming reg-
ularly from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to make a
single word of explanation. I hold in my hand
the report of the Secretary of the Interior recom-
mending the passage of this bill, which was drawn
under his direction. I have also before me the
letter of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office recommending the passage of the bill.
There can be no objection to it; and I call for the
previous question on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIANA SEMINARY LANDS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am instructed also,
by the Committee on Public Lands, to report back
House bill No. 282, to authorize the State of In-
diana to appropriate the lands granted to that
State by Congress for the use of a seminary of
learning, and tpr the endowment of the Indiana
University, and the proceeds thereof to any other
educational purposed the discretion of said State,
with the recommendation that it do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider that vote, for the purpose of consid-
ering it at some future time.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
IIOCKADAY & LIGGET.
Mr. ALLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to call
up the Senate bill for the relief of Hockaday &
Ligget The Senate has rcduced the amount ap-
propriated to $40,000; and I think, in that shape,
there will be no objection to its passage.
Air. STANTON. Unless thatmotion is strictly
in order, 1 think we had better go on with the
call of committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
if the gentleman insists upon his objection.
Mr. STANTON. I do.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr K1LGORE. I reported from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia the other day,
certain amendments to the bill of the House in-
corporating the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company; which I ask may be taken
up and acted on.
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. That bill, I believe,
is on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CARTER. Does that come under the
head of "private bills?"
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
if objection be made
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. I object.
AIUZONA PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, made an adveise report upon
the joint resolution (II. R. No. 46) to legalize the
judicial proceedings of the provisional courts of
the proposed Temtory of Arizona; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
CHAPLAINS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the res-
olutions of the synod of Baltimore m reference to
the present mode of appointing chaplains in the
Army and Navy; which was laid on the table.
ILLINOIS TWO PER CENT. FUND.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the same
committee, repoited back a bill (If. R. No. 103)
authorizing the payment of the two per cent, fund
to which the State of Illinois is entitled, for road
purposes in said State, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The amendment was read. It provides that the
two per cent, fund arising out of the sales of the
public lands, under certain acts of Congress for the
admission of Indiana and Illinois into the Union
us States, since the 2oth May, 1839, in said States,
to be expended for road purposes, be surrendered
to the said States respectively; and directing the
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay over to
said States, or to the agents thereof, such amounts
as may be found due.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read athirdtime;and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HELEN BURTON.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, from the
same committee, made an adverse report on the
petition of Helen Burton, widow of Sidney C.
Burton; which was laid on the table.
GEORGE PENN JOHNSON.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, from the
same committee, reported adversely upon the
petition of George Penn Johnson, which waslaid
on the table.
WILLIAM II. KEIM.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS, from the same
committee, reported the memorial of Hon. Wil-
liam H. Keim, in reference to his pay as a mem-
ber of the Thirty-Fifth Congress; which was laid
on the table.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. In connection
with that petition, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, and put upon its passage,
a bill amendatory of " An act to regulate the com-
pensation of members of Congress,'' approved
August 1G, 1856, so far as it relates to members
who may resign during their time of service.
Mr. BURNETT, is that a private bill ?
The SPEAKER. If objected to, it cannot be
received.
ACCOUNTS OF CERTAIN CLERKS.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, made an adverse
reporton House bill No. 186, authorizing the set-
tlement of the accounts of clerks of the United
States courts in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tories; which was laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
NON-RESIDENT LANDHOLDERS.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, asked leave to report a bill"(H. R. No.
472) to withdraw the protection of Congress from
non-resident landholders in any of the States,
Mr. BRANCH. Is that a private bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, and therefore can-
not be received.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND CLAIM.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported a
bill to confirm a certain private land claim in the
Territory of New Mexico; and asked to put the
same on its passage.
The bill, which was read, directs that the pri-
vate laud claim in the Territory of New Mexico,
as n commended for confirmation by the surveyor
general of that Territory, in his report to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, ofNo-
vemher 24, i860, designated as No. 43, shall be
confirmed, provided the confirmation shall only
be construed as a quit-claim, or relinquishment on
the part of the United States, and shall not affect
the adverse rights of any other person or persons.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN E. EDWARDS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, asked, unan-
imous consent to report back a bill (S. No. 240)
to confirm the title of Benjamin E. Edwards to a
certain tract of land in the Territory of New Mex-
ico; and that the same might be put upon its
passage.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not see the Delegate from
the Territory of New Mexico present. I know
that objection has been made heretofore to the
passage of that bill.
