THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PBOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY. JOHN (MOVES, WASHINGTON,;Di C.'
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1861.
New Series No, 5&, ■
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
there is no objection to it.
Mr. PHEIlPS. I must raise an objection at
the present time. Let the bill go to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
not like to do that. If there is any objection to
the bill, I will withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS. I feel compelled to object for
the present.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I with-
draw the bill.
At a subsequent stage of the proceedings, Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin, reported the bill;
when it was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
NATHANIEL M'LEAN AND OTHERS.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on f ndian
AiTdirs, reported a bill for the relief of Nathaniel
McLean, Roger B. Murphy, and Chailes E
Flandrcan; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee ofthe Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
SETTLERS UPON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of certain settlers upon
the public lands; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
he Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by A. J. Gloss-
brcnner, his Private Secretary; which was laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the message; which was read,
and ordered to be printed m the Globe, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I deemed it a duty to transmit to Congress, with my
message of the 8th January, the correspondence which oe-
cuned in December last, between the " commissioners "
of South Caiohna and myself.
Since that period, on the 14th January, Colonel Isaac W.
Hayne, the attorney gencial of South Caiohna, eallcd and
infoimed me that he was the hearer of a letter fiom Gov-
ernor Pickens to myself, winch he would deliver the next
day. He wa*, howcvei, induced, by the iriteiposition of
Hon. Jekfprson Davis, and nine other Senatois from the
seeeded and seceding States, not to delivei it on the day
appointed, nor was it communicated to me until the 31st
Jauuaiy, with his letter of that date. Their letter to him,
.irgmgthisdelav, bears date January 15. and was the com-
mencement of a correspondence, the whole of which, m
my possession, I now submit to Congress. A lefeienee tu
eaeti letter ofthe series, in pioper oider, nccompatues tin*
message.
JAMES BUCilAYAiN.
Washington, February 8,18G1.
Washington City, January 15, 1801.
Sir : We aie apprised that you visit Washington as ail
envoy fiom the State of South Caiohna, beat nig a commu-
nication (torn the Governor of your State to the President
of the United State's, m relation to Fort Sumter. Without
knowing its contents, we venture to request you to defer
its delivery to thu Piesident tor a few days, or until you
and he have considered the suggestions which we beg leave
to submit.
We know that the possession of Fort Sumtei by tioop*
ofthe United States, coupled with the enenmstanees under
which it was taken, is the cluet, if not only, souice of dith-
culty between the government ot South Uarolina and that
ofthe United States. We would add, that we, too, think
it a just cause ot irritation and of apprehension on the pan
of your State. But we have also assurances, notwith-
standing the circumstances under which Major Anderson
left Fort Moultue and entered Foit Sumter with the foices
under his command, that it was not taken, and is not held,
with any hostile or untnendly puipo-e towaids your State,
but meiely as propnty of the United States, which the
President deems it lus dutj to protect and preserve.
We will not discuss the question of ughtor duty on the
paitof either Government touching that ptoperly, or the
late acts of either in relation thereto; but we think that,
without am compromise of ught or breach of duty on either
side, an amicable adjustment ot the matter of differences
md\ and should be adopted. Wc desire to sec such an ad-
justment, and to pi event war or the shedding of blood. We
represent States which have already seceded from the Uni-
ted States, or will have done so be!ore the 1st of February
next, and which will meet your State in convention on oi
befoic the 35tii of that month. Our people feel that they
have a common demtA with vout people, and e.\pect to
form with them in that convention anew confederation and
pi iv^ional government We mu-r ami will -haie youi
to: tunes, buffering with you uie evils of war. if it cannot be
avoided,' and enjoying with you the blessings of peace.
if it can be preserved. We therefore think it especially
due from South Carolina to our States—to say nothing of
other slaveholding States—that she should, as far as she can
consisientiv with her honoi, avoid mitiaung hostilities be-
tween her and the United States, or any other Power. We
have the public declaration ofthe Presidentthathehasnot
the. constitutional power or the will to make waron South
Caiolma,and that the public peace shall not be disturbed
by any act ot hostility towards your State.
Wo thcrefoie see no reason why there may not be a set-
tlement of existing difficulties if time be given for calm
and deliberate counsel with those States which are equally
involved with South Carolina. Wc therefore trust that an
anangeinent will be agieed on between you and the Pres-
ident, at least till the 15th Febitfory next, by which time
your and our States may, in convention, devise a wise,
just, and peaceable solution of existing difficulties.
In the mean tune, we think your State should suffer
Major Anderson to obtain necessary supplies of food, luei,
or watei, and enjoy ftce communication, by post or spe-'
eial messenger, with the PioMdent, upon the understand-
ing that the Piesident will not send hnn icmfoicements
duumr the same peuod. Wepiopose to submit this prop-
osition, and your answer, to Uie Piesident.
If not clothed with power to make such arrangement,
then wctiust that you will submit our suggestions to the
Governor of your State, fot his instructions. Until you have
leceivud and communicated his ie^ponse to the Piesident,
of eouise youi State will not attack Fort Sumter, and the
Piesident will not ofler to icinlorce it.
We most respectfully submit tiic^e proportions, in the
earnest hope that you, or the pioper auihouties ol youi
State, may accede to them.
We have the honor to be, with piofound esteem,, j our
obedient seivants,
LOUIS T. WIGFALL,
JOHN HEMPHILL,
D. L. YULEE,
S. R. MALLORY,
JEFFERSON DAVIS,
C. C. CLAY, ji.,
BENJAMIN FiTZPATRICK,
A. IVERSON,
JOHN SLIDELL,
J. P. BENJAMIN.
Hon. Isaac W. Hayne.
Washington', January 17, 1B61.
Gt.ntlkmifn: I have received your communication dat^d
the l" th instant. You say yon repie^ent States which have
aheadv seceded from file United State*, or will have done
sobefoie the 1st of Februaiy next, and which will meet
South Carolina in convention on or before the loth of that
month: that voui people feel they have a common destiny
with our people, and expectloform with them in that con-
vention «i new confederacy and piovMonal government;
that you must and will =haie oui fortunes, vuifeting with
us the evils of wai, if it cannot he avoided, and enjoying
with us the blessings ot peace, ii it can be preserved.
I feel, gentlemen, the loiee of this appeal, and, so far as
my antliouty extends, most cheerfully comply with your
request. 1 am not clothed with power to make the airange-
ment you suggest; hut piovnh'd you can get assutances
with which yon are entnolj satisfied that no lemfoi cements
will be sent to Foit Sumtei in the interval, and that public
peace will not be distuibed by any ant of hostility towaids
South Carolina, f will refei youi i ommumcation to the au-
rhoutics ol South Carolina; and, withholding the commu-
nication with which I am at present charged, will await
fuither instructions.
Major Anderson and his command, let me assure you, do
wo re obtain all necessary supplies, including fresh meat and
vegetables, and I believe fuel and water, from the city of
Charleston, and do now crtjoy communication, by post and
special me^engpr, with the Piesident, and will continue to
do so certainly until the door to negotiation has been closed.
If your proposition is acceded to, you may assure the
President that no attack will be made on Fort Sumter until
a response fiom the Governor of South Carolina has been
received and communicated to him.
1 am, with high consideiution, and profound esteem, vour
obedient seivant, ISAAC W. IIAYNE.
To Hon. Louis T. Wigfall, John Hemphill, D. L. Yu-
LEE, S. R. MaLLORY, JEFFERSON' DaVIS, C. C. CLAY, jr.,
Benjamin Fitzpatrick, A. Ivlrson, John Slidlll,
and J. P. Benjamin.
Senate Chamber, January 19, 1861.
Sir : Wo have been loquestcd to piesent to you a copy
of a correspondence between ceitain Senators ofthe Uni-
ted State5: and Colonel Isaac W. llayne.nowin this city on
behalf ofthe government of South Carolina, and to ask that
you will take into consideiation the subject of said corre-
spondence.
Veiy lespectfully, your obedient servants,
JOHN SLIDELL,
BENJAMIN FITZPATRICK,
S. It. MALLORY.
To his Excellency, James Buchanan,
President of the United States.
War Department, January 22, 1861.
Gentlemen: The President has leceived your commu-
nication of tiie 19th instant, with the copy of a correspond-
ence between youn-elves and others, implementing States
which hav^ aheudy seceded nom the United States, or will
have done *o before the 1st of February next," and Colonel
Isaac W. Hayne, of Soutii Carolina, m behalf of the gov-
ernment of that State, in relation to FortSunaterj, &ad you
aik the President50 "take into consideration,the subject
of said correspondence." With this request he has respect-
fully complied, and has directed uietocommu&icatetoiyou
his apswer. , ■
In your letter to. Colonel Hayne of the 15th- instant, you
piopose to him to defer the delivery of a message frfiJfi, the
Governor of South Caiohna to the President, with which
he has been intrusted, for a tew days, or until the President
and Colonel Hayne shall have considered the suggestions
which you submit. It is unnecessary to refer specially to
these suggestions, because the letter addressed to you by
Colonel Hayne, of the 17th instant, presents a clear and
specificanswertotbem. Jnthighes&ys: " I am notclojhed
with power to make£hearrangement you suggest; but pro-
vided you can get assurances with which you are. entirely
satisfied that no reinforcements will he sent to Fort Sum-
ter in the interval, and that public peace will not be dis-s
tin bed by any act of hostility towards South Carolina, I will
refei your communication to the authorities of South Car-
olina; and, withholding the communication with which f
am at present chaiged, wdl await f'uuhej- instructions.
From the beginning of the present unhappy tioubles,thc
President has endeavored to perfonn his executive duties
in such a manner as to pieserve the peace of the country,
and to prevent bloodshed. This is still his fixed purpose.
You therefore do him no more than justice in stating that
you have assurances, (fiom his public messages, I pre-
Mime,) " notwithstanding the circumstances under which
Major Anderson left Fun Moulti le and enteied Foit Sum-
tei with the force* under his command, that it was not
taken, and is not held, with any hostile or unfriendly pur-
pose towards your State, hut meiely as piopeity o! the Uni-
ted States', winch the Pie-ident d**em* it his duty to protect
and piescive." You have corrcctly stated what the Presi-
dent deems to be his duty. His sole object now is, and has
been, io act stiiuly on the defensive, and to authorize no
movement again*t" the people of South Carolina, unless
cleaily justified by a hostile movement on their part. He
could not well have given a better proof of his desire to pre-
vent the effusion of blood than by forbearing to report to the
use of force, under the stiong provocation of an attack (hap-
pily without a fatal result) ou an unarmed vessel beaung
ihe flag of the United States.
1 am happy to observe that, in your letter to Colonel
Hayne, you express the opinion that it is "especially due
fiom South Carolina to our States, to say nothing oi other
slaveholdmg States, that she should, as far as she can con-
sistently with her honor, avoid initiating hostilities between
iier and the United States, 01 any other Power " To in -
itiate such hostilities agamst Foit Sumter would, beyond
question, he an act of wai agaiiM the United Stales.
In regard to the proposition of Colonel llajiiu, " that no
reinloicements will be sent to Fort Sumter in the inteivul,
and that public pcaee will not be duHmbed by any act of
ho-tility towaids South Caiohna," it is impossible lor me
to give you any such assuianees. The President has no
authority to entei into such an agieenieni oi undeistand-
iiig. As an executive officer,he i* simply bound to protect
the public propeily, so fai as this may be piaeticable; and
it would be a mamlcst violation of ins duty to place him-
self uudei engagements that he would not perioim his duty
either foi an indefinite or a limited period. At the present
moment, it is not deemed necessary toreinfoice Major An-
derson, because he makes no such icquest, and feels quite
secure m his position. Should his safety, however, require
leinioicements, every effort will be made to supply them.
In icgaid to an assurance fiom the President "that pub-
lic peace will not be disturbed by any act of hostility to-
waids South Carolina," the answer will readily occur to
yourselves. To Congress, and to Congress alone, belongs
the power to make war; and it would be an actor usurpar
tion for the Executive to give any assuiance that Congress
would not exercise this power, hovvevei strongly he may
be convinced that no such intention exists.
Iam glad to be assuied,from the letter of Colonel Hayne,
that "Major Anderson and his command do now obtain all
necessary supplies, including fresh meat and vegetables,
and, 1 believe, fuel and water, from the city of Charleston;
and do noiv enjoy communication, by post and special mes-
senger, with the President, and will continue to do so cer-
tainly until the door to negotiation has been closed." I
trust that these facilities may still be afforded to Major An-
derson. This is as it should be. Major Anderson is not
menacing Charleston; and I am convinced that the hap-
piest lesuit which can be attained is, that both he and the
authorities of South Carolina shall lemam on their piesent
amicable footing, neithet party being bound by any obliga-
tions whatever, except the high Christian and moral duty
to keep the peace, and to avoid all cauoe^of mutual irri-
tation.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
. J. HOLT,
Secretary of War ad interim.
To Hon. John Slidell, Benjamin Fitzpatrick:3 and S.
R. Mallory.
Washington, January 24,1861.
Gentlemen : I have received your letter ot the 23d in-
stant, inclosing a eominur icauon dated the 23d instant, ad-
dressed to Messrs. Fitzpatrick, Mallory, ami Slidell,
from the Secretary of Wer ad interim. Tins communica-
tion fiom the Secretary is far from beingsatisfaetoiy to me.
But inasmuch as you stati thatwe [you] have no hesita-
tion in expressing an entire confidence that no reinforce-
ment vviii be sent to Foit  umter, nor will the public peace
be distuibed Within the p nod-requisite for full communi-
cation between yourself ."myself] and your rm>] govern-
ment," in compliance with our previous understanding, I
52
