818
THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOBE.
February 8,
withhold the communication with which I am at present
charged, and refer the whole matter to the authorities of
South Carolina, and will await their reply.
Mr. Gourdm, of South Carolina, now in this city, will
Jeave here by the evening's train, and will lay before the
Governor of South Carolina and his Council, the whole
correspondence between yourselves and my&elf, and be-
tween you and the Government of the United States, with
a communication from me asking for further instrueti6ns.
I cannot, in closing, but express my deep regret that the
President should deem it necessary to keep a garrison of
troops at Port Sumter for the protection of the " property"
of the United States. South Carolina scorns the idea of
appropriating to herself the property of another, whether
of a Government or an individual, without accounting to
the last dollar for everything which, for the protection of
her citizens, or In vindication of her own honor and dignity,
she may deem it necessary to take into her own posses-
ion. As property, Port Sumter is in far greater jeopardy
occupied by a garrison of United States troops, than it
would be if delivered over to the State authorities, with the
pledge that in regard to thcit and all other propeity witlun
her jurisdiction claimed by the United States, South Caro-
lina would fully account on a fair adjustment.
Upon the other point, of the pieservation of the peace
and i he avoidance of bloodshed, is it supposed that the oc-
cupation of a foil by armed men in the midst of a haibor,
with guns bearing on every part of it, under the orders of a
Government no longer acknowledged, can be other than the
occasion of constant irritation, excitement, and indignation.
It creates a condition of things which, i tear, is but little
calculated to advance the observance of the " high Chris-
tian and moral duty to keep the peace, and to avoid ail
causes of mutual irritation" recommended by the Secre-
tary of War in his communication.
In my judgment, to continue to hold Fort Sumter by
United States troops is the worst possible means of secur-
ing its protection and pieservation as property, as it eer-
taiuly is the worst possible means of effecting a peaceful
solutiou of existing difficulties sboit of war itse lf.
I beg leave, in conclusion, to say, that it is in deference
to the unanimous opinion expressed by the Senators pres-
ent m Washington,<4 representing States which hove al-
ready seceded fiom the United States, or will have done so
before the 1st February next," that I comply with yout sug-
gestions. And f feel assured that suggestions from such a
quarter will ue considered with profound respect by the
authorities of South Carolina, and will have gieat weight
in determining their action.
With high consideration, I have the honor to be, very
respectfully, vour obedient servant,
ISAAC W. HAYNfU.
To Hon. Louis T. Wiofai.l, D. S. Yulee, J. P. fti n-
jamin. A. Jvjsrson, John Hcmi'IULL, JOHN Si-mru.,
and C C. Clay, jr.
Senate Chamber, January 28, 18(51.
Sm; 1 have been requested by the gentlemen to whom,
with myself, the accompanying letter from Colonel Isaac
W, JIaync was addressed, to communicate the same to
you.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
' ' JOUN SLIDEU,.
His Excellency James Buchanan,
President of the United States.
Washington, January 31,1861.
Sir • f Imd the honor to hold a short interview with you
on the 1 Uh instant, informal and unofficial. Having pre-
viously been informed that you desired that whatever was
official should he, on both sides, conducted by wuitcn com-
munications, 1 did not at that time present my credentials,
but verbally informed you that I bore a letter from the Gov-
ernor of South Carolina, in regard to the occupation ot Foit
Sumter, whwh I would dcltvei the next day undei cover
of a wutten communication from my.self. The next da\,
before such communication could be made, I was waitul
upon by a Senator fiom Alabama, whostated that he came
on the pan of nil the Senatois then in Washington fiom
the State* which had ahemly seceded fiom the United
States, or would certainly have done so helorc the fust day
ot Febiuary next. The Senator fiom Alabama uiged th.it
he ami they were interested in the subject ot my mission
in almost an equal degiee with the aulhonttes'of South
Carolina. He &aid that hostilities commenced between
South Carolina a'nd youi Government would neeos-arily
involve the States represented by themselves in civilstnt'e,
and tearing that the action of South Carolina might com-
plicate the relations of your Government to the seceded and
receding States, and thereby interfoie with a peaceful solu-
tion of existing difficulties, these Senators requested that 1
would withhold my message to yourself until a consulta-
tion among themselves could be had. To this 1 agieed; and
the result of the consultation was, the letter of the Sena-
tors addressed to me, dated the 15th January, a copy of
which is in your possession. To this letter I replied on
the 17th, and a copy of that reply is likewise in your pos-
session. This correspondence, as I am infoimed. was
made the subjeet of a communication from Senators Frrz-
patrick, Mai,lory, and Slidell, addiessed to you. and
your attention calicd to the contents. These gentlemen
received, on the — day of January, a reply to their appli-
cation, conveyed in a letter addressed to them dated ,
signed by Hon. J. Holt,.Secretary of War ad interim. Of
this letter you, of course,have a copy. This letter fiom
Mr. ifoltwas communicated to me under cover of a letter
from all the Senators of the seceded and seceding States
who still remained in Washington; and of this letter, too,
X am informed you have been furnished with a copv.
This reply of yours, through the Secretary of War ad
interim, to the application made by the Senators, was en-
tnch unsatisfactory to me. It appeared to ine to be not
only a rejection m advance of the main proposition made
by the.se Senators, to wit, that *4 an airangement should be
agreed on'" between the authorities of Soutfi Catohna and
your Government, {C at least until the I5tn of Febiuary
next.-" by which time South Carolina and the States rep-
resented by the Senators, ** might, m convention, devise a
wise, just, and peaceable solution of existing difficulties j"
" In the mean time," they say, " we think," that is, these
Senators, " that your State (South Carolina) should suffer
Major Anderson to obtain necessary supplies of food, fuel,
or water, and enjoy fiee communication by post or special
messenger with the Piesident, upon the understanding that
the President will not send him reinforcements during the
same period"—but, besides this rejection of the main prop-
osition , there was, in Mr. Holt's letter, a distinct i etusal to
make any stipulation on the subject of reinforcement, even
for the short time that might be required to communicate
with my government. This leply to the Senators was, as
I have stated, altogether unsatisfactory to me, and I felt
sure would be so to the authorities whom I represented. It
was not, however, addressed to me, or to the authorities of
South Carolina; andas South Carolina had addressed noth-
ing to youi Government, and had asked nothing at your
bands, f looked, not to Mr. Holt's letter, but to the note ad-
dressed to me by the Senatois of the seceded and seceding
States. I had consented to withhold my message at their
Instance, provided they could g<H assurances satisfactory to
them that no jeintorcements would be sent toFoilSumter
m the intei val, and that the pcucc should not be distuibed
by any act of hostility. The Senatois expressed, in their
note to me of the S>. Id instant, their entue confidence "that
no remfoieements will be sent to Fort Sumter, norwili the
public peace be distuibed within the penod requisite lor
lull communication between you [myself] and your [my]
government," and renewed their request that 1 would witn-
hold the communication with which I stood charged, and
await turtlier instiuctions.
This i have done. The further instructions arrived on
the 30th mutant, and bear date the 26th. I now have the
honor to make to you my fust communication a* special
envoy from the government of South Carolina. Yau will
find inclosed the onginal communication u> the Pi&sident
of the United States, from the Govemoi ot South Carolina,
with which 1 was charged in Chaileston on the Wth day
of January, instant, the day on which it bears date. I am
now instructed by the Governor of South Carolina to say,
that his opinion as to the propriety of The demand which
is contained in tins icttei " not only been conliimed by
the circumstances which yout (my] mission has developed,
but is now increased to a conviction, of its necessity. The
safety of the State requne-* that the position of the Presi-
dent should be distinctly undcistood. The safety of all
seceding States lequires it as much as the safety ot South
Carolina. If it be so that Foit Sumter is held as property,
then, as piope.rty, the injht-j, whatever they may be, of the
United Stare?., can be ascertained ; and for the satndaetion
of these light*, the pledge of the State of South Caiolina
\ou aie [I ainj autiionzed to give." " if Foit Sumtei is? not
held as piopettj, it is held," say mj instiuctions, u as a
mihtaiy povt; and such a post within the limits ot South
Caiolina will not be tolerated." You will petceive that it
is upon the presumption that it is .-ololy as piopeity that
you continue to hold Foit Sumter that I have been selected
for the pertonnanee of the dutj upun which 1 have cnteied.
I do not come, as a miht.uy man, to demand the suriender
of a foitiess, but. o* the legal officer of the State—its attor-
ney geneiai—to chum loi the State the evercise ot its un-
doubted iisjht of eminent, domain, and to pledge the State
to make good all mjuiy to the rights of pioperty which arise
from the oxeict«e of the claim.
South Carolina, as a separate, independent sovereign, as-
sumes the light to take into litr own possession t.voiything
within het limit  essential to maintain bet honor or her
safety, n respective of the question of piopeirj, subject only
to the moral duty lerpuriug that compensation should be
made to the ownei. This unlit she cannot permit to be
diawn into discussion. As to compensation tor any piop-
etty, whether ot an individual or a Government, whi< hshc
may deem it neoessaiv, foi hei lienor oi satets. to take into
hei possession, hei past history gives ample guarantee that
it will be made, upon a tair accounting, to the last doltai.
The pioposiUon now is, that her law officer should, under
authoiitv ot the Govemoi and his council, distinctly pledge
the i'.utb of South Caiolina to make such compensation in
repaid to Foit Sumtei,and its appuitenaneesandcontents,
to the lull extent ot the money,value ot the pioperty of the
United States, dehveiod ovei to the auihonties of South
Caiolina by > oui command. I will not suppose that a pledge
| like tins can be consulted in-utlieient secuuty. Is not ttie
money value ot the pioperty ot the United States m this fort,
situated wheie it cannot ho made available to the United
States fur any one pin pose for which it was originally con-
stiuctcd, woith moie to the United States than Hie piopeity
itself ? Why, then, as piopeity, insist on holding it by an
armed gairison ? Yet such has beenthegtound upon which
\ou have invauably placed youi occupancy of this foit by
ttoops, beginning prospectively with your annual message
ofthc 4th December; again in yourspeeial message of the
9th January ; and still more emphatically m your message
of the dcth January. The same position is set torth m your
reply to the Senators, tlnough the Secretary of Wai ad in-
teiim. his tlieie vntualiy conceded that Fort Sumter kf is
held merely as piopeity of the United States, which you
deem it your duty to protect audptescrve." Again : it is sub-
mitted, that the continuance ot ari armed possession actu-
ally jeopaids the piopeity you desire to protect. It is impos-
sible but that such a possession, if continued long enough,
must lead to collision. No people not completely abject
and pusillanimous could submit indefinitely to the armed
occupation of a foitre^s in the midst of the haibor of us
piineipal city, and commanding the ingiess and egress of
every ship that enters the port, the daily ferry-boats that
ply upon its waters, moving but at the sufferance of aliens.
An attack upon this fort would scarcely improve itas prop-
erty, whatever the result; and if captuied, it would uo
longer be the subject of account. To protect Foit Sumter
merely as propeity, it is submitted that an aimed occu-
pancy is not only unnecessaiv, but that it i- manifestly the
wor 't possible means which can be revolted to for Mich an
object.
Youi reply to the Senators, thiough Mr. Holt, declares it
to be your  ole object •• to act strictly on the detensi\ e, and
to authouze no movement anam>t South Caiohna, unless
justified by a hostile movement on their pait yetui reply
to tbe proposition of the Senators, that no reinforcements
should be sent to Fort Sumter, provided South Carolina
agrees that, during the same period, no attack should be
made, you say, It is impossible for me [your Sceretaiy ] to
give you [the Senators] any such assurance that it would
be a manifest violation of his [your] duty to place himself
[yourself] under engagements that lie [you] would not per-
torm the duty, either for an indefinite or a limited period.
In your message of the 28tb instant, in expressing yourself
in regaid to a similar proposition, you say: "However
strong may be my desire to enter into such an agreement,
I am convinced that T do not possess the power. Congress,
and Congress alone, under the war-making power, can ex-
ercise the discretion of agreeing to abstain 6 from any and
all acts calculated to pioduce a collision of arms' between
this and any other Government. It would, therefore, be a
usurpation for the Executive to attempt to restrain their
hands by an agreement in regard to matters over which he
has no constitutional control. If he were thus to act, they
might pass laws which he should be bound to obey, though
in conflict with his agreement." The proposition, u is
suggested, was addressed to you, under the laws as tiiey
now arc, and was not intended to refer to a new condition
of things arising under new legislation. It was addressed
to the Executive discretion, acting under existing laws. If
Congress should, under the war-making power, or in any
othei way, legislate in a manner to affect the peace of South
Caiolina, her interests, or her rights, it would not be ac-
complished m secret. South Caiolina would have timely
notice, and she would, I trust, endeavor to meet the emer-
gency.
it is added, in the letter of Mr. Holt, •' that at the present
moment it is not deemed necessaiy to remfoice Majoi An-
derson, because he makes no such request, and feels quite
secure in his position." " But should his safety require
it. every effort will be made to supply leinfoiccments."
This would seem to ignore the other branch of the piopo-
sition made by the Senatois, namely: that no attack was
to be made on Fort Sumter during the period suggested,
and that Major Anderson should enjoy the facilities of com-
munication, Sic., &c. I advert to this point, however, for
the purpose of saying, that to send reinforcements to Fort
Sumtei could not serve as a means of piotecting and pre-
serving property; for, as must be known to your Govern-
ment,it would inevitably lead to immediate hostilities, m
which propeity on all sides would necessarily suffer. South
Carolina lias ('very disposition to pieseive the public peace;
and feels, I am sure, in full force, those high " Clu Mian
and moral duties " leferred to by your Secrctaiy, and it is
submitted that, on her part, thei e is scaicely any consider-
ation ofmeie piopeity,apai t fiom honor and safety, which
could induce her to do aught to jeopard that peace, still
less to inauguiate a protracted and bloody civil war. She
rests her position on something higher than mete piopeity.
It is a consideration of her own dignity as a sovoicilmi, and
tbe safety of her people, wlueh piompts her to demand that
this propeity should not longer be u-ed as a nnlitaiy post
by a Uovei nment she no longei acknowledges. She teela
this to be nn imperative duty. It has, m fact, become an
absolute necessity of her condition.
Repudiating, as you do, tiie idea of coercion, avowing
peaceful intentions, and e.\pressing a patiiot's hoiror for
civil war and bloody stufe, among those who onceweie
bretlncn, it is hoped, that on fuithei consideration, you will
not, on a meie question of property, icfuse the reasonable
demand of South Carolina, which honor and necessity alike
compel her to vindicate. Should you dissappoint this hope,
the responsibility for the result suielydoes not lestwith
her. It the evils of wm are to be encountered, especially
the calamities of civil war, an elevated statesmanship would
seem to require that it should be accepted as the unavoid-
| able alternative of something still more disastious, such as
| national dishonor, or measures materially affectm? the
I safety or peimanent interests of a people; that it should
1 be a choice deliberately made, and entered upon as war,
j and ot set puipose. But that war should be the incident,
J or accident, attendant on a policy professedly peaceful, and
j not required to effect tbe object winch is avowed, as the
j only end intended, can only be excused where these has
| been no warning given as to the consequences.
! I am 1 nither instructed to say that South Caiolina cannot,
i by her silence, appear to acquiesce in the imputation that
! she was guiltv ot an act of mtpiovokcd aggression in firing
| on the Stat of the We-=t. Though an unarmed vessel, she
j was filled with armed men, entering her tenitorv against
j her will, with the purpose ot remiorcins a garrison'held,
! within her limits, against hei piotest. She torbearsj to ie-
; criminate by discussing the question ot the piopiiety of
i attempting &uch a leintorcemont at all, as well as of the
I disguised and secret manner in which it was intended to be
! effected. And on this occasion, she will say nothing as to
| the manner in which Foit Sumter wa-s taken into the pos-
| session of its present occupants. The interposition ot the
| Senators who have addressed you, was a circumstance un-
| expected by my government, and unsolicited, certainly, by
| me. The Governor, while he appreciates the high and
' generous motives by which they were prompted, and while
he fullv approves the delay which, in deference to them,
has taken place in the presentation of this demand, feels
thai it cannot longer be withheld.
[conclude with an extiactfrom the instructions just re-
ceived by me, fiom the government of South C.uolina:
" The letter of the President, through Mr. Holt, may be re-
ceived as the reply to the question you were instructed to
ask, as to his assertion of his right to send reinforcements
to Fort Sumter. You were instructed to say to him. if he
asserted that light, that the State of South Carolina re-
garded such a right, when asserted, or with an attempt at
its exercise, as a declaration of war. If the President iri-
( tends, it shall not be so understood, it is proper, to avoid any
i misconception hereafter, that he should he informed of the
manner m which the Governor will feel bound to regaid it.
If the President, when you havo stated the reasons which
prompt the Governor m making the demand for the deliv-
ery of Fort Sumter, shall refuse to deliver the Foit. upon
the pledge you have 1)een authorized to make, yoa will
communicate that refusal, without delay, to the Governor.
If the President shall not be prepared to give you an mi-
