1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mediate answer, you will communicate to him that hh an-
swei may he transmitted, within a reasonable tune, to the
Governoi, at this place, [Chaileston, South Carolina.} The
Governor does not considei itnecessary thatyou [1] should
remain longer in Washington than is necessary to execute
this, the closing duty of youi £m> 1 mission, in the mannei
now indicated to you, [me.] As soon as the Governor
shall receive fiom you inlounation ttiat you have closed
your mission, and the replv, whatever it may he, of the
President^ he will consider the conduct which will be ne-
cessary on his p ut."
Allow me to request that you would, as soon as possible,
irifoim me, whethci.undertheso instruction*. I need await
your answer in Washington. And it not, I would be pleased
to convey irom you to my Government, inlounation as to
the time when an answer ma\ be expected m C'haiieston.
Wnh consideration, I have the honor to be, veiy le-
spectfuily, ISAAC W. IIAYNE,
Special Envoy.
Statf of South Carolina, Executive Office,
Head Quarters, Charleston, January 12, 1861.
Sir : At the time ot ihe separation oi the Suite of tfouth
Carolina fiom the United States, Fort Sumter .was, and
still is, in the possession ot troops of the United States,
under the command ot Major Andeisou. i regatd that pos-
session as not consistent with the dignity or safety of the
Statoot South Caiolma, and have this dayaddiessed to
Major Andeisou a communication, to obtain fiom him the
possession of that I'oi t by the authorities of this State. The
leply ot Major Anderson informs me that he has no authoi-
ity to do what f icquired; but he desires aicteieneeof the
demand to the President of the United Slates. Undei the
circumstances now existing, and which need no comment
by me, 1 have determined to send to you Hon. 1. W. ilayne,
the attorney geneial ot the State of South Carolina,"and
have instructed him to demand the delivery ot Foit bum-
tei, in the naibor ot Charleston, to the constituted authoi-
ities ot the State of South Carolina. The demand I have
made ot Major Anderson, and winch 1 now make ot' you,
is suggested because of my earnest desjie to avoid the blood-
shed winch a pei^ihtence in yoni attempt to retain pot-
session of that toi twill cause, and which will be unavailing
to secuie to you that possession, but induce a calamity mo?t
deeply to be depioied. If consequence so unhappy shall
ensue, i will secuic for this State, in the demand winch I
now make, the satisfaction oi having exhausted eveiv
attempt to avoid it.
in lelation to the public piopeity of the United Slates
within 1'ort Sumter. Hon. I W. Uavne. who will hand \ on
this communication, is authonzed to give jou the pledjic
of the State that the valuation ot such piopeity will be
accounted foi bvthia State upon the adjustment ot us leia-
tions with the United States, ot which it was a patt.
F. W. PICKENS.
To the President of the United States.
War Department, February 6} 1801.
Sir: The President of the United States has received
your letter of the 31st ultimo, arid has chaiged me with the
duty of replying thereto.
in the communication addressed to the President by Gov-
ernor Pickens, under date of the Pith of January, and which
accompanies youis now beiore me, his Excellency s.ijs:
" I have deieimined to send to you Hon. t. W. iiayne, the
attorney geneial ot the State ot South Caiohua, and have
instructed him to demand the suiiendei ot Foit Sumtei, in
the haiboi of ChaiJeston, to the constituted authoiities ot
the State ot South Carolina. The demand I have ni.uleot
Major Anderson, and which I now make of you, is sug-
gested because ot my earnest de>ire to avoid the blood-lied
which h peisiatence in youi attempt to retain the posses-
sion ot that tou will cau-e, and which will be unavailing
to secme to you that possession, but induce a calamity uio-t
deeply to be deplored." The chataetei of the demand thu-s
authonzed to be made appear—undei the influence, 1 pie-
sume, of the eorie-pondenee with the Senatoi<;to which
you lefei— to have been modified by subsequent instruc-
tions of his Excellency dated the 26th, and leeeived bvyoui-
selt on the UQth ot Januaiy, in w Inch he say.i: c- if it be bo
that Fort Sumter N held as pioperty, then as pioperty, the
rights whatevei they ma> be, of the'United States, can he
ascertained; and loi the satisfaction of these rights, the
pledge ot the State of South Caiohua you aie authouzed
to give." The full scope and precise puiport of youi m-
stiuctions as thus modified, you have expiessed m the fol-
lowing wotds: " 1 do not come as a military man to demand
the surrender of a fortress, but as the legal officer ot the
State—its attorney geneial—to claim toi the State the exer-
cise of its undoubted light of eminent domain, and to pledge
the State to make good all injury to the lights of piopeity
which aiisc trom the exercise of the claim." And lesttjns
explicit language should not sufficiently define your posi-
tion, you add: The jnoposition now is, that her [South
Oaioima's] law olfieei should, undei autboi ity of the Gov-
ernor arid his Council, distinctly pledge the faith of South
Caiolma to make such compensation, m jegaul to Fort
Bumiei and ito appurtcnance3 and contents, to the full
extent ot the money value ot the propeny of the United
States delivered over to the authoiities of South Caiolma
by youi command." You then adopt lmExecllency'stiam
ot thought upon the subject so fm n<< to suggest that the
possession ot Foit Sumtei by the United States, " it'con-
tinued long enough, must lead to collision," and that ^ an
attack upon it would scarcely improve it as propetty, what-
ever the result, and it captuied, it would no longer be the
subject of account."
The piopnsal then, now presented to the President, is
simpiv an oiler on the part ot South Carolina to buy Foit
Sumter and contents a > ptnpcrty ot the United States, r-us-
tainrd hvadeclaiation. in eftecr, that if ^he w not pei milled
to make the pun no.se, she will seize me loit b_v toiee ot
arm*. A5, itie initiation of a negotiation for the uansiCi ot
piopeity between tuendh Governments, this piopo-al mi-
pi esses the piesident as'having assumed a nfost unu-ual
form. Helms, however, inv^turated the claim on which
it professes to be based, apart tiom the declaration that
accompanies it. And it may be here remai Iced, that mucn
stress has been laid upon the employment of the words
4' property" and - public pioperty," by the President in his
«:eveia! messages. These are the most comprehensive
teims which can he used in such a connection, and suieiv,
when retelling to a ton or any other public establishment,
they embiaced the entire and undivided interest of the
Government therein. The title of the United States to Fort
Sumtei is complete and incontestable. Were its interest
in this propeity puiely piopii< tary, in the ordinary accepta-
tion ot the tei in. it might probably be subjected to the exer-
cise ot the-right ot eminent domain; but it lias also politi-
cal relations to it ot a mueli highei and more imposing
ehaiacter than those ot meie proprietorship. It has abso-
lute juiisdiction ovet the fort and the soil on which itstands.
This jurisdiction consists m the authority to "exercise
exclusive legislation" ovei the properly referred to, and is
theietore clearly incompatible with the claim of eminent
domain now insisted upon by South Carolina. This author-
ity was not derived fiom any questionable, revolutionary
source, but fiom the peaceful cession of South Carolina
herself, acting through her Legislature, under a piovision
of the Constitution of the United States. South Carolina
can no moie asseit the light of eigineut domain over Fort
Sumter than Maiyland can assert it over the District of
Columbia. The political and proprietaiy rights of the
United States in either case, rest upon ptecisely the same
giound.
The President, however, is relieved from the necessity
of luither putsuing this inquiry, by the fact, that whatever
may be the claim of South Carolina to this fort, he has no
constitutional powei to cede oi sunender it. The piopei ty
of the United States has been acquired by force of public
law, and can onl\ be disposed ot under the same solemn
sanctions. The Piesident as the head of the executive
branchni the Government only, can no more sell and tians-
iei Fort Sumtei to South Caiolma, than lie can sell and
convey the Capitol ot the United States to Maryland oi to
any oihei Stati*, oi individual, seeking to possess it Ilis
Excellency,"the Goveuioi, is too lamihat with the Consti-
tution o( the United State®, and with the limitations upon
the povveis of tlu: Chief Magistiate of the Government it
has established, not toappiecuUe at once, the soundness
of this legal ptopo ition.
The question ot leinfoicing Fort Sumter is so fully dis-
posed ot in my leuei to Senator Slidell and otheis, under
date ol the did ol Jauuaij—a cop} ot which accompanies
tins-—that us dt^cussion will not now be renewed. 1 then
said u At lh'- pie-eni moment it is not deemed neecssaiv
to leintoice Majoi Anderson, because lie makes no such
lequest Should his satety, however, require reinfoice-
metits, eveiy efloit will be made to supply them." lean
add nothing to the, e.\p!ieitness of this language, which
still applies to the existing status. The right to send (or-
waid reinibicements when, in the judgment ol the Presi-
dent, the salety ot the gaiu-o.i lequircs them, rests on the
same unquestionable foundation as the light to occupy the
foiiresS itself.
In the letter of Senator Davis and otheis to yourself,
undei date ot tin- l">ili ultimo, they say: "We therefore
tiunk it especially due fiom South Carolina to oui States
—to say nothing of other slaveholdmg States—that s>he
should, as far as -*he enn consistently with hei honor,
avoid initiating hostilities between hei and the United
States ot any othei Poweiand you now youiself give to
the Piesident the giantying as-uianee that*" South Caro-
lina h;v> eveiy disposition to pioserve the public peace
and, smee he i-N hmiseli ■sinceiely animated by the same
de^ne, it would seem that tins common and patiiotic ob-
ject must be ol ceittiin attainment. It is dithc ult, how-
evei, to leeoncile with this a^m.ince the declaration on
join pauthat k' it is a consideiation of her [South Caio-
ima'sj own dignity a- a ^oveieign, and the safety of hei
p.-ople, which prompts her to demand that this propeity
should not longei be u-ed as a milit.u v post by a Govein-
ment she no longei acknowledges,"1 and the thought you
so constantly piesent, that tins occupation must le.ul to a
eolliMon ot arm^, and the pievalcnee of civil wai. Foit
Sumter is m itself a militai v post, and nothing else ; and
it would seem that not so much the tact, as the purpose ot
its use, should give to it a hostile oi hiomlly character.
This foitiess i-s now held by the Govermnento'f the United
States, foi the same objects lor which it lias been held
fiom the completion of its constiuetmn. These arc na-
tional and defensive ; and were a public enemy now to at-
tempt the captuie of Charleston, oi the deduction of the
commeice ot its haiboi,the whole toice of the batteucs ot
this lortiess would be at once excited for their piotection
llow the presence of a small garrison, actuated by such a
spnita* this, can compionuse the dignity or honor of South
Carolina, or become a soiutc of nutation to her people,
the President is at a lo-s to understand. The attitude of
that gartison, as has been often declaied, is neither mena-
cing nor defiant, nor untnendly. It is acting under orders
to stand stnetly on the defensive,and thegovornment and
people of South Carolina must well kntPvv that they can
never lecetve aught but shelter fiom itsgun*, unless, m the
absence ot all piovocation, they should assault it, and seek
us destruction The intent with which this tortressis held
by the Pieiident is tiuthtully stated by Senator Davis and
others, in their letter to youi self ot the loth January, m
which they say ■ It is not In !d with any hostile or un-
friendly puipose towards your State, but merely as prop-
erty of the United States, which the President deems it
his duty to protect and pieseive."
If toe announcement so lepeatedly made of the Presi-
dent'* pacific pm poses m continuing the occupation of Fort
Sumter until the question shall have been settled by com-
petent authority has failed to impress the government of
South Caiolma, the toi bearing conduct of his administra-
tion tor the hut few months should be leceuveu as conclu-
sive evid"T.ce or la-' smceut) And it tins forbearance, in
view a tli.' <•■' s n,ch so scvou'ij ttied it_
b" no ueccpteua^a aii-idctoi\ pledge or tnopeaceful poi
lev oi tins Admnustiat.oii tou aiih Sotitli Caroimu, then it
may be sateiv atinmeci chut neither language nor conduct
pan po^sibtj iuruish one. If, with all the multiplied proofs
which exist of the Piestdeiu's anxiety for peace, and oftne
earnestness with which tie has puisuea it, uie authorities
of that State shall assault Fort Sumter, and peril the lives
of the handful of brave and loyal men shut up within its
walls, and thus plunge our common country into "the hor-
rors of civil war, then upon them and those they represent
must rest the responsibility.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOLT, Secretary of War.
Hon. J. W. Hayne, -
Attorney General of State oj South Carolina.
P. S. The President has not, as you have been informed,
received a copy ot the letter to yourself from the Senators,
communicating that of Mr. Holt of the 22d of January,'
JOHN JOHNSTON.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have directed me to report bdek a
bill, which has been once recommitted to them,
for the relief of John Johnston, of Ohio. I will
simply say that Mr. Johnston is now in this city;
and if the House is to pass this bill, it ought to
be passed now. He has been forty years in the
service of the Government; and the character of
his services are attested by Calhoun, by Cass,
and other old men of the day; and Imust confess
I feci an interest in this case, though I have never
seen Mr. Johnston. I leave the matter to the
House. 1 hope they will pass the bill.
The bill, which was reaa, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to cause to be paid to John John-
ston, of Ohio, the sum of $10,839 50, as full com-
pensation for extra services rendered by him -in
the capacity of agent for the Shawnee Indians,
and for disbursing money among the Wyandotte
Indians, which services were rendered between
the years 1818 and 1829; and that that sum shall
be in full satisfaction of all claims by him in con-
sequence of any service performed by him in that
capacity
Mr. WASHBXJRNE, of Illinois. I suppose
that bill goes to a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar. I do not knpw anything about
the bill.
Mr. ETHERIDGE and others appealed to Mr.
Washburne to withdraw his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill ap-
propriates $10,000 and upwards, and we know
nothing about what it is for; but I will withdraw
my objection until I hear the report read.
The report was then read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 must ad-
here to my objection.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope the bill will be
recommitted to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 object to that. I move that
it be referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
The question being first put upon the motion to
recommit, it.was earned.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
INDIAN TITLES IN OREGON, ETC.
On motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE,-the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of certain
citizens of Oregon and Washington, asking for
relief for certain Indian tribes; and the same was
laid on the table.
INDIAN AGENTS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the
further consideiation of a resolution of theHouse
of Representatives, directing the Commitee on
Indian Affairs to inquire and report whether any
offices of superintendents of Indian-affairs, In-
dian agents, or interpreters, now authorized by
law, can be dispensed with.
PROPERTY DESTROYED BY INDIANS.
On motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of Lloyd
Brook and others, asking pay for property de-
stroyed by hostile Indians.
TAXES IN KANSAS.
Oil motion of Mr. ETHERIDGE, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of citizens
of Wyandotte county, Kansas, in reference to
taxing lands for general purposes.
CHEROKEE TmACT, KANSAS.
On motion oi Mr. ETHERIDGE, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of a resolution instructing
them to inquire into the expediency of providing
