1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....2d Sess. The Great American Revolution of 1861—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Rsps.
to every gentleman on this floor; but I have no
time to yield now.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I only wish to correct the
gentleman on a question of fact. The gentleman
is laboring under a mistake.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am sorry for it. The gen-
tleman will not say that the slaveholding States
participated in the formation of the Republican
party.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not refer to that. I
alluded to the number of stars displayed-on the
flag.
Mr. gOCOCK. Well, sir, as a matter o£ course
I cannot verify my statement, for I was not pres-
ent on that occasion, and did not see it. But I
state what I think was the report of the newspa-
pers of that day. No gentleman can deny that
the Republican party is a sectional party, and
must, from the necessity of the case, always re-
main so; because, it being an organization hostile
to our institutions, the southern States cannot
willingly admit it in their midst. It is a hostile
organization,! say, because its corner-stone is
opposition to the extension ofour institutions. The
rallying cry of that party is that our institutions
are to be circumscribed and depressed, while those
of the North are to be extended; that our institu-
tions are local and theirs national; that we are
under the ban of the Government, and they and
their institutions under its favor.
The vitalizing and animatingspirit of that party
is hostility to African servitude, as it exists in our
midst. Upon their success, had not the South
reason to look out for the safety of their rights ?
Why, sir, one of your most distinguished men
from the North, Mr. Fillmore, declared, in 1856,
that the North, itself, would not submit to be ruled
by a southern and hostile organization. The dis-
tinguished gentleman from Ohio, sitting near me,
[Mr. Vallandigham,] in a speech made upon
this floor two years ago, declared that, if the
soutTiern States constituted a majority, and should
combine to rule theNorth, he,as a northern man,
would resist them at the threshold, contest every
inch of ground, burn every blade of grass, and
perish lighting in the last ditch.
How many men upon this floor from the North
have warned you that the South would not sub-
mit ! Was it to be expected that the South would
prove less sensitive to her honor than her north-
ern friends predicted? When this hostile organ-
ization succeeded in obtaining the control of the
Government, with the intention of maintaining
that control forall future time, and imposingupon
us their will for our rule, was it to be expected,
under these circumstances, that the South would
tamely acquiesce? Was it not to be expected
that the South should at least come here and ask
for new guarantees for safety, equality, and
peace ?
What, then, do they get when tWy come here ?
You turn a deaf ear to their complaint; you re-
fuse, have refused and still do refuse, to afford
such guarantees. Under such circumstances, will
you call upon the masses of the North to fight
your battles against the South? Itisan easy mat-
ter to make the war, but it will be no easy matter
to justify your course in the future. That ques-
tion will came home to you agam and again: why
have you made this war? It will roar upon you
with the tempest, and whisper with the breezes.
It will break upon your noonday thoughts and
startle you in your midnight dreams. When the
thousands and tens of thousands who have been
employed in the workshops of the North, manu-
facturing southern staples, or preparing fabrics for
the southern market, shall find themselves turned
adrift, hungeringand weak, without money, with-
out credit, and without employ ment, they will ask,
"Why is this so?" And, sir, when your hardy
yeomanry are called toleavehomeandfiresideand
friends to march down and invade those who were
recently their brethren, and never willingly their
enemies, they will demand to know why is this so ?
$ While exposed to the dangers and hardships inci-
dent to the service to which you have called them,
during the long nights, while they He unsheltered
and unprotected upon the cold and wet earth, a
affl will come up from their midst, why is this
so' And on the field of bloody conflict, with the
hot breath of battle breathing upon then- brows,
while the cannon balls mow their ranks, and their
comrades fall thick and fast by their sides, even
then, the dread inquiry will leap to their lips,
" Why is thisso?" And, sir, from your cottages,
scattered all over the North and the Northwest,
where the widows of those who fall in the con-
flict shall sit lonely and mournful in their widow-
hood, watching with aching hearts over children
rendered fatherless, friendless, and unprotected
by your act, I say, from all these cottages the
cry shall come up, as if from the depths of misery
and despair: why, oh, why is all this so? And
gentlemen, when you see hereafter the wide-spread
devastation and ruin produced by your act, your
own consciences, in tones sharper and keener than
all, will demand of you, " Why is this so?" Bet-
ter meet the question now. Do not flatter your-
selves that national patriotism can justify you.
Do not tell the freemen of the North that the ap-
peal is to their love of country, and that you call
upom them to fight for the Union. It is a cheat
and adelusion. It is not for the Union, not for the
Union. You know well, that war not only can-
not save the Union, but that it makes disunion
both inevitable and perpetual.
I repeat it, if they fight us, it is not to preserve
the Union, but to preserve your party organiza-
tion.
You built up your party on a principle of hos-
tility to the South. You have obtained power on
that basis. You are asked to give to the southern
States guarantees of safety and peace. You stead-
fastly refuse. Some of them seek to take them-
selves from under your rule, and you refuse that
also. You will neither allow them to stay with
honor, nor to go in peace.
When the question shall come, then, in thun-
der tones, why have you brought this great dis-
aster upon the country? let your consciences
answer back: we have done it, because we would
do it.
You must excuse me if I oppose your measures
of preparation, and expose the consequences of
your policy. I shall oppose you in such a course,
with all the energy I am master of.
And now, sir, believing this bill to be one of
the worst ever brought before Congress; and re-
garding it as certain to produce all the conse-
quences of which 1 have spoken, revolting and
lamentable as they are, I now, in the conclusion
of my remarks, desire to mark it with peculiar
reprobation. In the name of that Constitution
which it violates, I denounce it; in the name of
my constituents, whom it will injure, I denounce
it; in the name of the country whose peace it will
destroy, never more to be restored, I denounce it;
and in the name of that humanity to which we all
belong, but which we so little honor, with renewed
energy, and deeper emphasis, I denounce and
execrate it.
THE GREAT AMERICAN REVOLUTION OP 1861.
SPEECH OP HON. C. L. VALLANDIGHAM,
OF OHIO,
Ik the House op Representatives,
February 20,1861.
The special order—namely, the repoit of the committee
of thirty three—being under consideration—
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM addressed the House
as follows:
Mr. Sfeaker: It was my purpose, some three
months ago, to speak solely upon the question of
peace and war between the two great sections of
the Union, and to defend at length the position
which, in the very beginning of this crisis, and
almost alone, I assumed against the employment
of military force by the Federal Government to
execute its laws and restore its authority within
theStates which mightsecede. Subsequent events
have rendered this unnecessary. Within the three
months or more, since the presidential election, so
rapid has been the progress of events, and such
the magnitude which the movement in the South
has attained, that the country has been forced—
as this House and the incoming Administration
will at last be forced, in spite of their warlike pur-
poses now—to regard it as no longer a mere casual
and temporary rebellion of discontented individ-
uals, but a great and terrible revolution, which
threatens now to result in permanent dissolution
of the Union, and division into two or more rival,
if not hostile, confederacies. Before thiV dread
reality, the atrocious and fruitless policy of a war
of coercion to preserve or to restore the Union
has, outside, at least, of these walls and of this cap-
ital, rapidly dissolved. The people have taken
the subject up, and have reflected upon it, till to-
day, in the South, almost as one man, and by a
very large majority, as I believe, in the North,
and especially m the West, they are resolved that,
whatever else of calamity may befall us, thathor- ■
rible scourge of civil war shall be averted. Sir,
I rejoice that the hard Anglo-Saxon sense and
pious and humane impulses of the American peo-
ple have rejected the specious disguise of words
without wisdom which appealed to them to en-
force the laws, collect the revenue, maintain the
Union, and restore the Federal authority by the
perilous edge of battle, and that thus early in the
revolution they are resolved to compel us, their
Representatives, belligerentasyou of the Republi-
can party here may no w be, to the choice of peace-
abledisunionypon the one hand, orUnion through
adjustment and conciliation upon the other. Bom,
sir, upon the soil of the United States; attached
to my country from earliest boyhood; loving and
revering her, with some part, at least, of the spirit
of Greek and Roman patriotism; between these
two alternatives, with all my mind, with all my
heart, with all my strength of body and of soul,
living or dying, at home or in exile, I am for the
Union which made it what it is; and therefore I
am also for such terms of peace and adjustment as
will maintain that Union now and forever. This,
then, is the question which to-day I propose to
discuss:
How shall the union of these states be
restored and preserved?
Sir,it is with becoming modesty and with some-
thing of awe, that I approach the discussion of a
question which the ablest statesmen of the coun-
try have failed to solve. But the country expects
even the humblest of her children to serve her in
this, the hour of her sore trial. This is my
apology.
Devoted as I am to the Union, I have yet no
eulogies to pronounce upon it to-day. It needs
none. Its highest eulogy is the history of this
country for the last seventy years. .The triumphs
of war and the arts of peace,—science; civiliza-
tion; wealth; population; commerce; trade; man-
ufactures; literature; education; justice; tran-
quillity; security to life, to p^-son, to property;
material happiness; common defense; national
renown; all'that is implied in the "blessings
of liberty;" these, and more, have been its fruits
from the beginning to this hour. These have en-
shrined it in the hearts of the people; and,before
God, I believe they will restore and preserve it.
And to-day they demand of us, their embassadors
and representatives, to tell thera how this great
work is to be accomplished.
Sir, it has well been said that it is not to be done
by eulogies. Eulogy is for times of peace. Neither
is it to be done by lamentations over its decline
and fall. These are for the poetand the historian,
or for the exiled statesman who may chance to
sit amid the ruins of desolated cities. Ours is a
practical work; and it is the business of the wise
and practical statesman to inquire first what the
causes are of the evils for which he is required
to devise a remedy.
Sir, the subjects of mere partisan controversy
which have been chiefly discussed here and in the
country, so far, are not the causes, but only the
symptoms or developments of the malady which,
is to be healed. These causes are to bo found in
the nature of man and in the peculiar nature of
our system of governments. Thirst for power
and place, or preeminence—in a word, ambition
—is one of the strongest and earliest developed
passions of man. It is as discernible in the school-
boy as in the statesman. It belongs alike to the
individual and to masses of men, and is exhibited
in every gradation of society, from the family up
to the highest development of the State. In all
voluntary associations of any kind, and in every
ecclesiastical organization, also, it is equally man-
ifested. It is the sin by which the angels fell.
No form of government is exempt from it; for
gven the absolute monarch is obliged to execute his
authority through the instrumentality of agents;
