2B8-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[February 20,
36th"Cosg...,2d Sess. The Great. American Revolution of 1861—Mr. VaUandigliam.
Ho. of Reps.
and ambition here courts one master instead of
mstny masters. As between foreign States, it
manifests itself in schemes of conquest ami terri-
torial aggrandizement. In despotisms, it is shown
in intrigues, assassinations, and revolts. In consti-
tutional monarchies and-in aristocracies, itexhib-
its-itself in contests among the different orders of
society-and*the* several interests of agriculture,
tr&dfe,commetfce> and the professions. Irr democ-
racies,^ is seen everywhere, and in its highest
development; foi* here all the avenues to political
ptafce and-5preferment, and emolument, too, are
oped to "every citizen; and all movements and all
interests of-society, ami every great question—
mor&l, social, religious, scientific—no matter what,
assumes,- at some time or other, a political com-
plexion, and forms a part of the election issues
and legislation of the day. Here, when combined
with interest, and where the action of the Gov-
ernment may be made a source of wealth, then
honor, virtue, patriotism, religion, all perish be-
fore it. No restraints and no compacts can bind it.
In a Federal Republic all these cvjls are found
in their amplest proportions, and take the form
also of rivalries between the States; or more com-
monly and finally at least, especially where geo-
graphical and climatic divisions exist, oi'where
several contiguous States are in the .same interest,
and'somet'imes where they are similar in institu-
tions or modes of thought, or in habits and cus-
toms, of sectional jealousies and controvesies
which endalways,soonerorlater, incitheradisso-
lutadn of the Union between them, or the destruc-
tion of the federal character of the Government.
But however exhibited, whether in federative
or in consolidated Governments, or whatever the
development may be, the great primary cause is
always the same—the feeling that might makes
right; that the strong ought to govern the weak;
that t-he will of the mere and absolute majority of
numbers ought always to control; that fifty men
may do what they pleas<\with forty-nme; and that
minorities have no rights, or at least that they
shall have no moans ofenforcing their rights, and
no remedy for the violation of them. And thus
it is that the strong man oppresses the weak,and
strong communities, States and sections, aggress
upon the rights of weaker States, communities,
and sections. This is the principle; but 1 propose
to speak of it to-day only in its development m
the political, and not the personal or domestic
relations.
Sir, it is to repress this principle that Govern-
ments, with their complex machinery, are insti-
tuted among men; though in their abuse, indeed,
Governments may themselves become the worst
engines of oppression. For this purpose treaties
arc-entered into, and the law of nations acknowl-
eged between foreign States. Constitutions and
municipal laws and compacts are ordained, or en-
acted, or concluded, to .secure the same great end.
No men understood this, the philosophy andaim
of all just government, better than the framers
of our Federal Constitution. No men tried more
faithfully to securo the Government which they
were instituting, from this mischicf; and had the
country over which it was established hem cir-
cumscribed by nature to the limits which it then
had, thrir work would have, perhaps, been per-
fect, enduring for ages. But the. wisest among
them did not foresee—who, indeed, that was*less
than omniscient could have foreseen 3—the amaz-
ing rapidity with which newsettiements and new
States have sprung up, as if by enchantment, in
the wilderness: or that political necessity or lust
for territorial aggrandizement would in sixty
years haVte given us new Tenitnries and States
equal in extent to the entire area of the country
forwhich they were then framing a Government?
They were not priests or prophets to that God of
manifest destiny whom we now worship, and
will continue to worship, whether united into one
Confederacy still, or divided into many. And yet
it is this very acquisition of territory which has
given strength, though not biith, to that section-
alism which already has broken in pieces this, the
noblest Government ever devised by the wit of
man. Not foreseeing the evil or the necessity,
they did not guard against its results. Believing
that-the great danger to the system which they
were about to inaugurate lay rather in the jeal-
ousy of the State governments towards the power
and authority delegated to the Federal Govern-
ment, they defended diligently against that dan-
ger. Apprehending that the larger States might
aggress upon the rights of the smaller States,
they provided that no State should, without its
consent, be deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate. Lest the legislative department might
encroach upon the executive, they gave to the
President the self-protecting power of a qualified
veto, and in turn made the President impeachable
by the two Houses of Congress. Satisfied that
the several State governments were strong enough
to protect themselves from Federal aggressions,
if, indeed, not too strong for the efficiency of the
General Government, they thus devised a system
of internal checks and balances looking chiefly to
the security of the several departments from ag-
gression upon each other, and to prevent the sys-
tem from being used to the oppression of individ-
uals. I think, sir, that the debates in the Federal
convention and in the conventions of the several
States called to ratify the Constitution, as well as
the cotemporaneous letters and publications of the
time, will support me in the statement that the
friends of the Constitution wholly under-estimated
the power andinflurnce of the Government which
they were establishing. Certainly, sir, many of
the ablest statesmen of that day earnestly desired
a stronger Government; and it was the policy of
Mr. Hamilton, and of the Federal party which
he created, to strengthen the General Government;
and hence the funding and protective systems—
the national bank, and other similar schemes of
finance, along with the "general-welfare doc-
trine," and a liberal construction of the Consti-
tution.
Sir, the framers of the Constitution—and I
speak it reverently, but with the freedom of his-
tory—failed to foresee the strengthand centralizing
tendencies of the Federal Government. They
mistook wholly the real dauger to the system.
They looked for it in the aggressions of the large
States upon the small States without regard to
geographical position, and accordingly guarded
jealously in thi  direction, giving for tins purpose,
as I have said, the power of a self-protecting veto
in the Senate to the small States, by means of their
equal suffrage m that Chamber, and forbidding
even amendment of the Constitution in this par-
ticular, without the consent of every State. But
they seem wholly to have overlooked the danger
of sectional combinations as against other sec-
tions, and to the injury and oppression of other
sections, to secure possession of the several de-
partments of the Federal. Government, and of the
vast powers and influence which belong to them.
In like manner, too, they seem to have utterly
under-estimated sla\ kry as a disturbing element
in the system, possibly because it existed still m
almost every State; but chiefly because the growth
and manufacture of cotton had scarce yet been
commenced in the United States: because cotton
was not yet crowned king. The vast extent of
the patronage of the Executive, and the immense
power and influence which it exerts, seem also to
have been altogether under-estimated. And inde-
pendent of all these, or rather perhaps in connec-
tion with them, there were inherent defects inci-
dent to the nature of ail governments: some of
them peculiar to our system, and to the circum-
stances of the country, and the character of the
people over which it was instituted, which no
human sagacity could have foreseen, but which
have led to evils, nnschit fs, and abuses, winch
time and expenenee alone have disclosed. The
men who made our Government were human;
they were men, and they made it for men of like
passions ami infirmities with themselves.
I propose now, sir, to inquire into the practical
wot kings of the system: the experiment—as the
fathers themselves called it—after seventy years
of trial.
No man will deny—no American at least; and i
speak to-day to and for Americans—that in its re-
sults it has been the most successful of any similar
Government e\ er established, and yet,in the very
midst of its h'ghest development and its perfect
success, in the very hour of its might, while
"towering in its pride of place," it has suddenly
been stricken down by a revolution which it is pow-
erless to control. Sir, if J could believe, os the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. EtiieridgeJ would
seem to have me believe, that for more than half
a century the South has had all that she ever asked,
and more than she ever deserved; and that now,
at last, a few discontented spirits have been able to
precipitate already seven States into insurrection
and rebellion, because they are displeased with
the results of a presidential election; or if I could
persuade myself, with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that thirteen States, or fif-
teen States, and eleven or twelve million people
have been already drawn or may soon be drawn
into a revolt against the grandest and most benef-
icent Government, in form and in practice, that
ever existed, from no other than the trivial and
most frivolous causes which he has assigned, then
I should indeed regard this revolution in the midst
of which we,arc, as the most extraordinary phe-
nomenon ever recorded in history. But the muse
of history will, I venture to say, not so write it
down upon the scroll which she still holds in
her hand, in that grand old Hall of Representa-
tives where, linked to time, solemnly and sadly
she numbcis out yet the fleeting hours of this
perishing Republic. No; believe me, Representa-
tives, the causes for these movements lie deeper
and arc of longer duration than all this, if not,
then the malady needs no extreme medicine, no
healing remedies, nothing, nothing. Time, pa-
tience, forbearance, quiet—these, these alone will
restore the Union in afew mouths. But,sir,I have
not so read the history of this country, especially
for the last fourteen years. The causes, I repeat,
arc to be found in the practical workings of the
system, and are to be removed only by remedies
which go down to the very root of the evil; not,
indeed, by eradicating the passions which give it
birth and strength—for even religion fails to accom-
plish that impossible mission—but by checking or
taking away the power with which these passions
are armed for their work of evil and mischief.
I find, then, sir, the first or remote cause which
has. led to the incipient dismemberment of*the
Union, m the infinite honors and emoluments, the
immense, and continually increasing, power and
patronage of the Federal Government. Every
admission of new States; every acquisition of new
territory;every increase of wealth, population, or
resources of any kind; all moral, social, intellect-
ual, or inventive development—the press, the tele-
graph, the railroad, and the application of steam in
every form; whatsoever there is of greatness at
home, or of national honor and glory abroad—all,
all hasinuicd to the aggrandizement of this central
Government. Part of this, certainly, is the result
of causcs which no constitutional restriction, no
party policy, and no statesmanship emi control;
nut much of it, nevertheless, from infringements
of the Constitution, and from usurpations, abuses,
corruptions, and mal-adrmuistrution of the Gov-
ernment. In the very beginning, as I have said,
a fixed policy *©f strengthening the General Gov-
ernment, in every department, was inaugurated
by the Federal party; and this led to the bitter
and vehement struggle, in the very first decade of
the system, between the Democratic-Republicans
and the Federalists; between the advocates of
powerand the friends of liberty; those who leaned
strongly towards the General Government and
those who were for State rights and State sover-
eignty—the followers of Hamilton and the disci-
ples of Jefferson—winch ended, in 1801, in the
ovcrthiow of the Federal party, r>nd the inaugura-
tion of the Democratic policy, which demanded
a simple Government, a strict constiaction of the
Constitution, no public debt, no protective tariff,
no system of internal improvements, no national
bank, hard money for the public dues, and eco-
nomical expenditures; and this policy, after a
long and violentcontestformore than forty years
—a contest marked with vaiious fortune, and oc-
casional defeat, and sometimes temporary-depart-
urn by its own friends-—at last became the estab-
lished policy of the Government, and so continued
until this pestilent sectional question of slavery
obliterated old party divisions, and obscured and
hid over, and covered up for a time—if, indeed, it *
has not removed utterly—some, at least, of the
ancient landmarks of the Democratic party. And
yet, in spite of the overthrow of the Federal pai%£;
in spite of the final defeat of its policy, looking
especially and purposely to the strengthening of
the General Government, partly from natural
