820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
by law for the extinction of the title of the Cher-
okee Indians to the tract of country known as the
neutral land in Kansas; and the same was laid |
upon
the table.
THOMAS FOKSTER.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
report! d n bill for the relief of Thomas Forster; |
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HALE. That is a very meritorious case.
I think there can be no sort of objection to it. I
ask that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Thomas Forster the sum
of #2,252, for services in taking care of the public
property at Dunkirk harbor, in the State of New
York, for three years and one month, being at the
rate of two dollars a day.
Mr. HALE. I will state that this is a claim for
services rendered under a contract with tile Grov-
ernment, and the appropriation to pay it having
run out, it was not paid. The superintendent ot
lake harbors recommends this appropriation. I
ask that his letter may be read.
The letter was read.
Mr. THOMAS objected to the passage of the
bill.
The hill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, wnn the accompanying
report, ordered to be primed.
The SPEAKER stated that the rooming hour
had expired.
GREGORY PATTI.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is a little bill upon
the Speaker's table granting a pension to Gregory
Patti. The Senate have amended it by reducing
the pension from eight dollars to §7 50 a month.
1 ask that the bill may be taken up, and the amend-
ment concurred iit.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred m.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
aUo moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND oiieoos WAIt PEliT.
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask unanimous consent
of the House to report back, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, the bill of the Senate to
provide for the payment of expenses incurred by
the Territories of Washington and Oregon, in the
years 1855 and I85G, that it may be referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and printed.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If that is not m
order, 1 shall object". The gentleman always holds
everybody else to the rules.
Mr. STANTON. It is a matter of not the
slightest consequence to inc.
A. W. WHARTON.
Mr. EOTELER, from the Committee nn Mili-
tary Aifun-s, reported adversely to the petition tit
Captain H. W. Wharton; which was laid upon
the table.
Mr. OTERO. There is a bill on the Speaker's
table—House bill No. 200—that has been re-
turni #from the Senate, with an amendment. 1
ask that it be taken up, and that the amendment
be eoncurn.d in.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that,
if ail the piivatc bills on the Speaker's table can
be taken up.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. IIattonJ is en-
titled to the floor on the special order.
OHM ON \NI> WASHINGTON WAIt DEBT—AGAIN.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 withdraw my ob-
jection to the reporting of the bill by the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. 11ARR, (m his scat.) 1 object. Let us go
on in the icgular order.
Mr W-iSHRURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that a n objection cannot be entertained unless the
member who makes it rises from his seat. I
always rise when I make an objection.
The SPEAKER. When a gentleman makes
an objection, he must rise from his seat, or the
objection cannot be received.
Mr. BARR. Very well, sir; I waive the ob-
jection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I only desire that the bill
shall be referred to the Committee of the Whole
Mr, GARNETT. I object.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A. message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, informing: the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments ot
the Senate to the bill authorizing a loan.
STATB OF THE UNION.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the special order, being; the report of the commit-
tee of thirty-three on the present disturbed state
of the country.
The House was addressed by Messrs. HAT-
TON, KELLOGG of Illinois, and SMITH of
North Carolina. [Their speeches will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.J
Mr. CASE obtained the floor.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (H.
R. No. 972) authorizing a loan; and a joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 71) extending the Lime for
taking testimony on the application of Cyrus H.
MeCormick for the extension of his patent; when
the Speaker signed the same.
The House (at half-past four o'clock, p. m.)
took a recess till seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
]). m., (Mr. Florence in the chair as Speaker pro
tempore,) and continued the consideration of the
special order, being the report of the committee
of thirty-three on the disturbed condition of the
country; on which Mr. Case was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CASE addressed the House. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HUTCH1NS obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. BINGHAM, who moved an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon ^at
eight o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 9, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlkt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BILL BECOMK A LAW.
A message fiom the President of the United
States, by "Mr. Glossbucnncu, his Secretary,
announced that the President had appioved and
signed, on the 8th instant, a bill (S. No. 266)
for the relief of Mary K. Guthrie, widow of Pres-
ley N. Guthrie.
PUOCEEPTNGS OF MEETINGS
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tim Chair will
offer a paper to the Senate which may bring up
ai;aiu a question winch wus befoie the body the
other day. The Chair haw received the proceed-
in^ of tiie State Democratic convention of Ohio,
containing the resolutions ot that body in refer-
ence to the present condition ot the country; and
also a resolution that they be sent to the Presi-
dent of the Sutiate, and Speaker of the House of
Representatives, accompanied by a letter from the
president of that convention to the Presiding Offi-
cer of this body, asking him to lay them befoie
the Senate. It may b<; that some Senator may
raise the same question which was presented the
other day, when some resolutions were offered
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den.] The Chair submits the resolutions to the
action of the Senate.
Mr. PUGII. 1 ask that the resolutions be read.
Mr. FITCH. I move that they be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if there be no ob-
joction, the resolutions will be read for the inform-
ation of the Senate.
|j The Secretary read them, as follows:
Democratic State Convention of Ohio.
the terrible evils of civil war, and the calamity of a perma-
nent separation of these States.*5
Leading repiesemative men of the Democracy composed
the convention, and nearly every county in the Statu wag
represented.
The convention was organized by the election of Hugh
I. Jewett as piesident.
Judge Kamiv, chairman of the committee, repoited the
following resolutions:
1. Resolvedt That since the admission of Ohio as one of
the United States, the Deniociatic paity ot the State has
unifoimly shown devotion to the Union, allegiance to the
Constitution, obedience to the Fedetal laws, and respect
for the constitutional rights, and legald for the interests of
each of her sister States ; and that the same views and
sentiments now animate the Democrats of Ohio.
5>. Resolved, That while we giatetully acknowledge the
services of those of our public men in Congress, who are
striving to pieserve the Union, and thus to protect the best
interests of our nation, and the cau*e of constitutional lib-
eity amonj mankind; and while we would accept with joy
the compiomise measures known as the Crittenden reso-
luuon*, oi the piopositions of Senators Bigler or Doug-
las, or those known as the "border States resolutions)5
as a basis of settlement of our national difficulties; or any
other settlement of oui affair*, honoialile to u=. all, which
can beell'eeud by conciliation and compromise, and mu-
tual concessions oi all concerned, to secuie the t-aioty and
perpetuity of the Union; yet we believe that the questions
thai distalb the eountivaie of such a ehaiacter, and have
existed for so long a p"nod, that the tune has amvcd when
the people ot the whol j country should avail themselves of
thatpioviMon ot the Constitution which requnes Congicss*
upon the application of the Legislatuies of two thuds of
tiio seveial States to call a convention of all the States, for
proposing amendments theieto.
3. Resolved, That this convention does recommend and
request the General Assembly of this State, now in session,
to make application to Congress to call a convention, pui-
suant to the fifth article of the Constitution of the United
States, lor the pm pose of pioposing amendments theieto.
4 Resolved, That the president of this convention be in-
structed to communicate the foiegoing third resolution to
the piesiding officers of the General Assembly, with the
request that they present the same to their lespeetive
Houses. , ^
5. Resolved, That the two hundied thousand Democrats
ot Ohio send to the people of the United States, both North
and South, greeting: and when the people of the North
shall have fulfilled their duties to the Constitution and the
South, then, and not until then, will it be proper for them
to lake into consideration the question of the right and pro-
priety ot coercion.
Tlio<e resolutions Were adopted by the convention with
great unanimity.
The lollowmg resolution was then adopted :
Resolved, That the pi esidmgotFicei ot tins convention be
directed to send to the President ot the Senate and Speaker
ot the Hou<e of Uepic^entatives in O>n:*ro« , and to the
Govemoivot thcsever.il States of the Uiuou, the ie oiu-
tions auopted by the convention.
The Secretary also read the following letter:
Zanesvili.e, Ohio, January %8, 1831.
Sir: fn obedience to instructions, I have the honoi of
tiansimttmg lieiewith icsolutions adopted by a convention
ot the Dentoetatie paity ot the State of Ohio, held in the
city ot Columbus, on the 23d instant, and to lequest that
they he presented to the body over which you have the
honoi to preside, s Very lOcpGctfuUv^ JEVVTTT
President of the Convention.
Hon. John C. Breckinridge, President of the Senate.
I] Mr. MASON. I move that that communica-
i tion be laid on the table.
ij Mr. HALE. I object to its reception.
ji The VICE PRESIDENT. It was read for the
|j information of the Senate; and the Chair sub-
' mitted the question to the Senate whether the les-
ji olutions should be received.
|! Mi.COLLAMER. 1 take it the question now
m ir, whether thrso resolutions shall be received.
'j The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
;! tion. Will the Senate receive the resolutions
ii which have just been read?
IS Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays, for the purpose of settling this precedent.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to state to the Sen-
ate that a few days ago, as \ understand, we re-
jected the resolutions of paity meetings. I am
indilFeient about it. If one comes in, another
ought to come; but several were presented, a few
days ago, and rejected—not being petitions. I
think we had better act uniformly; and it is for
that reason that I have called for the yeas and
nays. If this be received, of course others will
be. As others were rejected the other day—I be-
lieve some offered by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr Polk,] and perhaps by some other Senator
—I want to see the rule uniform.
Mr GRIMES. I desire to say that I have the
proceedings of two Republican conventions that
assembled in the State of Iowa, which have been
lying in nxy drawer for a couple of weeks, ever
since the Senator from Kentucky submitted the
- — . , I J 111 K-/ w IlillfV'l livui  - ...v.
A ell 'legato convention of the Democratic patty of Ohio ; di of a mCeting, which were not acted
ras held m the citv ot Columbus, on Wedne&djy, January .i ' . =>* •, .
Q3.1861..{{to do something definite and practical tflavert I upon. I desire to have these resolutions le&u also,
