1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Oong....2d Sess. The Great American Revolution of t1861—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Raps.
causes, as I have said, and partly because the
Democratic party has sometimes been false to its
professed principles—above all, to its great doc-
trine of State rights, and its'true and wise policy
of economy in expenditures, and decrease in exec-
utive patronage and infliien'ce-—the Federal Gov-
ernment has gone on, steadily increasing in power
and strength and honor and consideration and
corruption, too, from the hour of its inauguration
to this day; and when I speak of " corruption,"
I use the word in the sense in which British states-
men use it—men who understand the word, and
who have, for a century and a half, reduced the
thing itself to a science and a system, and have
made it an element of very great strength in the
Butish Government.
.Nor, sir, is this mischief, if mischief indeed it
be, confined wholly to any one department of the
General Government? The Federal judiciary—
to begin with it—here and in the States, dazzles
the imagination and invites the ambition of the
lawyers, that not most numerous but yet most
powerful class of citizens, by its superior honors,
its greater emoluments, its life tenure, its faith in
precedents,and its settled formsandancientprac-
nce, untouched by codes and unshaken by crude
and reckless and hasty legislation. Here, ill this
venerable forum, where States at home and States
and empires from abroad and the Federal Govern-
ment itself, are accustomed to contend for the
judgment of the court, whatever there yet remains
of ancient and black-letter law; Nvhatever of ven-
eration and regard for the names and memories,
and the volumes of Littleton and Coke and Croke
and Plowden, and the year books; or for silk
gowns, and for all else, t6o, that it is valuable in
legal archaeology, has taken refuge, and stands
intrenched. All that there was of form and cere-
mony and dignity and decorum, in the beginning
of the Government, is still to be found here, and
only here; all but the bench and bar of forty years
ago—the Marshalls and the Storys, the Harpers,
the Pinckneys, the Wirts, and the Websters, of
an age gone by.
Still, the circle of honor through the judiciary
,is a narrow one, aijd it lies open to but few; and
*yct,m times past, the judiciary has done much to
enlarge the powers and increase the consideration
and importance of the central Government.
But it is the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives which are the great objects of ambition
and the seats of power. All the legislative pow-
ers of this great and mighty Republic, whose name
and authority and majesty are known and felt,
and feared too, throughout the earth, are vested
in the Congress of the United States. War, rev-
enues, credit, disbursement, commerce, coinage.,
the postal system, the punishment of crimes upon
the high seas and against the law of nations, the
admission of new States, the disposition of the
public lands, armies, navies, the militia, all belong
to it to control, togetherwith an unnumbered, in-
numerable, and most indefinable host of implied
or derivative powers; whence funding systems,
banks, protective tariffs, internal improvements,
distributions, surveys, explorations, railroads,
land grants, submarine telegraphs, postal steam
navigation and post roads upon the high seas,
plunder schemes, speculations and peculations,
pensions, claims, the acquisition and government
of territories, and a long train of usurpations and
abuses all tending—legitimate powers and illegit-
imate assumptions of power alike—to aggrandize
the central Government, and to make its posses-
sion and control the highest object of a corrupt,
wicked, perverted, and",peculating ambition, m
any party or any section.
But great and imposing as the powers, honors,
and consideration of Congress are, the executive
department is scarce inferior in anything, and
in some things is far superior to it. Your Presi-
dent stands in the place of a king. There is a
divinity that doth hedge him in; it is the divinity
of patronage. He is the god whose priests are a
hundred and fifty thousand, and whose worshipers
a host whom no man can number; and the sacri-
fices of these priests and worshipers are literally
"a broken spirit." Sir, your President is com-
mander-in-chief of your armies, your navies, and
of the militia—four million men. He carries on
war, concludes peace, and makes treaties of every
sort. Through his qualified veto, he is a par-
ticipant in the entire legislation of the Govern-
ment, and it behooves the whole army tof'spec-
ulators, jobbers, contractors, and claimants, >tb
propitiate him as well as Senators and Repre-
sentatives. He calls the Congress together on
extraordinary occasions and'adjourns them'in
case of disagreement. He appoints and receives
embassadors and all other diplomatic agents; ap-
points judges of the Supreme Court, and of other
judicial tribunals; Cabinet ministers; collectors of
customs, arid postmasters; and controls the ap-
pointment of a hundred and fifty thousand other
officers of every grade, from-Secretary of State
down to the humblest tide-waiter. All that is
implied in the word " patronage," and all that is
meant by that other word, the "spoils,"—resde-
testabilis et caduca—a word and a thing unknown
to the fathers of the Republic, all belong to him
to control. His power of appointment and re-
moval at discretion makes him the master of
every man who would look to the Executive for
honor or emolument; and its' tremendous influ-
ence is reflected back upon the Senate and this
Hbuse, on every Senator or Representative who
would reward his friends for their support at
home, or secure new friends for a reelection. The
Constitution forbids titles of nobility; yet your
President is the fountain of honor. Sir, to pass
by the utter and extraordinary perversion of the
original purpose of the Constitution in the choice
of electors for the President—a perversion the re-
sult of caucuses, national conventions, and other
party machinery, and which has led to those vio-
lent and debauching presidential struggles every
four years for possession of the immense spoils of
the executive office—no department has, in other
respects also, .go utterly outstripped the estimate
of the founders of the Government; except, in-
deed, of the few who, like Patrick Henry, were
derided as ghosts-seers and hypochondriacs.
When the elder Adams was President, the great
east-room of the White House—where now, or
lately, 011 gala days are gathered the embassadors
and ministers of a hundred courts, from Mexico
to Japan, and the assembled wit and fashion and
beauty and distinction of the thirty-three States
of the Union—was then used by the excellent and
patriotic wife of the President as a drying-room
for, not the maids of honor, but the washerwo-
men of the palace.
Sir, there is an incident connected with the early
settlement of this city—still the capital of the Re-
public, selected as the seat of Government by
Washington, the fatherof the Republic, and bear-
ing his honored name—an incident which shows
how much he and the other great men who made
the Constitution underestimated thepo wer and im-
portance of thd Executive. This Capitol, within
which we now deliberate, fronts to the east. There
all your Presidents are inaugurated; audit was the
design and the expectation of the'founders of the
city that it should extend to the eastward. There,
sir, there, m that direction, was to be the future
Rome of the American continent. The Executive
mansion was meant to be in the rear, and to be
kept in the rear of the Chambers of the Legislature.
A long vista through the original forest trees—a
sort of American mall—was to -connect them to-
gether; and the President was expected to enter
below stairs and at the back door into this Cap-
itol. But he.w^s to be kept for the most part turns
Tiberem—011 the other side of the Tiber. The
low, marshy ground to the westward, it was sup-
posed, would forever forbid the building up of a
city between the seats of legislative and execu-
tive magistracy; and the whole, lfindeedeverlaid
out at all, might have become a great national
park. But behold the strange perversity of man!
The city has all gone to the westward. The rear
of the Capitol has now become its front. Penn-
sylvania avenue, instead of a suburban drive, is
now a grand thoroughfare, the chief artery which
conveys the- blood from that which is now the
center or heart of the system—the President. The
Executive mansion—that old castle, with bad fires
and without bells, to the sore discomfort of Mis-
tress Abigail Adams—is now, and has been for
years, the great object of attraction; and whereas,
in the beginning, the " taverns"—for that was the
name given them sixty years ago—all clustered
around this Capitol, lobservetbat nowthe great-
est, most flourishing, and best patronized "hotel"
has. established itself within bow-shot of the
'White House. Sir^ thepowerofexecutivegrav-
-itation has proved too strong .for the framers.of
the Government and the founders ofthecity.
Westward the course of architecture has taken
-its way,-and certainly, sir., certainly, itfis iiot be-
cause of any especial attraction about-that most.
venerable of ancient marts—old Georgetown. •
- But to resume, sir. Nothing, adds so jnuch to
the power and influence of the Executive as a
large revenue and heavy expenditures; and; if a
public debt be added, so much theworse. Evety
dollar more borrowed or collected, and every dol-
lar more spent, is just so much added tothepower
and value of the executive office. -Nothing in
the political history of the country has been so
marked as the steady, but enormous, increase
in the taxation and disbursement of the .Federal
Government. Fifteen years ago—lo go bade no
further—just previous to the Mexican war,.the
receipts of the Treasury were $29,000,000, and
the expenditures $87,000,000; while four years
ago, only tei} years later, the receipts had run rap
to$69,000,000,andtheexpendituresto$71,000.000 .
—the latter being always, or nearly always,,a lit-
tle in advance of the former. Nature, it is said,
sir, abhors a vacuum; but government,our Gov-
ernment, at least, would seem to abhor a pleth-
oric Treasury. There are always surgeons,vol-
unteers, too, at that, if need be, of a very famous %
school of surgery, who are ready to resort upon
all occasions to financial phlebotomy. Verily,
sir, verily these surgeons of the -executive house-
hold have great faitii in a low fiscal regimen.
The collection and disbursement of $80,000,000
a year,for four years, is a prize worth every sac-
rifice. Trie power of the sword, the command of
armies and navies and the militia,is in. itself.a tre-
mendous power; and from the signs around us,
from all that everywhere meets the eye or falls
upon the ear, at every step throughout this capi-
tal, I am afraid that now at length, and before the
close of the last quarter of the first century of the
Republic, it is about to assume a terrible signifi-
cancy, and that the reign of military despotism is
henceforth to be dated from,this year. But great
as this power is, it is nothing, nothing as, yat in
this country, compared with the power ofthe
purse. He who commands that unnumbered host
of eager and hungry expectants whose eyes are
fixed upon the Treasury, to say nothing of-that
other host of seekers of office, is mightier far than
the commander of military legions. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Etheeidge] enter-
tained us the other da^with a glowing picture of
the exodus of the present incumbents about the
executive offices and elsewhere. Sir, I should be
pleased, when he next addresses the House, to
nave his fine powers of wit and eloquence tested
by a description of the flight of the incoming lo-
custs about the fourth of March. Certainly, sir,
certainly the departure of the army of fat, sleek,
contented, well fed and weil clad office holders,
whose natural habitat is the Treasury building,
or some other of the same sort, is a picture mel-
ancholy-enough to excite commiseration in even
the hardest and the stoniest heart. But theingress
of that other mighty host of office seekers, fifty to
one; lean, lank, cadaverous, hungry, hollow eyed;
with bones bursting through their garments, and
long, skinny fingers, eager to clutch the spoils;
and stung, too, with the*£$irus of that practical
sort of patriotism which loves the country for its
materia! benefits, would require some part at least
of the powers of those diabolical old painters of
the Spanish or Italian schoel. The gentleman
will pardon me, but I am sure that even he is not
equal to it.
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the central Government
of the United States, and st ch its powers and
honors and emoluments; and every year adds
strength to them. Against the centralizing ten-
dencies and influenees of such a Government, the
States separately cannot contend. Neither am-
bition nor avarice, the love of honor, or the love
of gain, find anything to satisfy their large desires
in the State governments. Sir, the State execu-
tives have no cabinets, no veto for the most part,
no army, 110 navy, no militia, except upon the
peace establishment, and that commonly despised;
no foreign appointments,and no diplomatic intes-
'course; no treaties, no post office, 110 land office,
