1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M9
36th Cong....2d Sess. The Great American Revolution of 1861—Mr. VaUandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
the South being now lost, and the strength and
dignity, and the revenues and disbursements—the
patronage and spoils—of the Federal Government
having grown to an enormous size, was anything
more natural than the organization, upon any basis
peculiar to the stronger section, of a sectional party,
to secure so splendid and tempting a prize ? Or
was anything more inevitable, than that the
"marked principle, moral and political," of sla-
very coinciding with the very geographical line which
divided the two sections, and appealing so strongly
to northern sentiments and prejudices, and against
which it was impossible for any man or any party
long to contend, should be revived ? Unhappily,
too, just about this time, the acquisition of a very
large territory from Mexico, not foreseen or pro-
vided for by the Missouri compromise, opened
wide the doo«for this very question of slavery,
in a form every way the most favorable to the
agitators. The Wilmot proviso, or congressional
prohibition—now indeed exploded, but which,
nevertheless received, in some form or other, the
indorsement of every free State then in the Union
—it was proposed to establish over the whole ter-
ritory thus acquired* as well south of 36° 30' as
north of that latitude. The proposition, upon the
other hand, to extend the Missouri compromise
line to the Pacific, was rejected by the votes of
almost the entire Whig party, and of a large ma-
jority, I believe, of the Democratic party of the
free States. That, sir, was the fatal mistake of
the North; and in tribulation and anguish will she
and the other sections of the Union, and our pos-
terity, too, for ages, it may be, weep tears of
bloody repentance and regret over it.
This controversy, however, sir, after having
again shaken the Union to its center, was at last,
though with great difficulty, adjusted through the
compromise measures of 1850, by the last of the
great statesmen of the second period of the Re-
public. But four years afterwards, upon the bill
to organize the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska, upon the principles of the legislation of
1850, the imprisoned winds—Eurus, Notusque,
crebenjue proctitis Africus—were all again let loose
with more than the rage of a tropical hurricane.
The Missouri restriction, which for years had
been denounced as a wicked and atrocious con-
cession to slavery, and which, some thirty years
before, had consigned almost every free State Sen-
ator or Representative who supported it to polit-
ical oblivion, became now a most sacred compact
which it was sacrilege to touch. A distinguished
Senator, late the Governor of Ohio, who had enti-
tled his great speech against the adjustment meas-
ures of 1850, " Union and Freedom "without Com-
promise," now put forth his elaborate defense, four
years later, of the Missouri restriction, with the
rubric ov text, in ambitious characters, " Main-
tain Plighted Faith." But, right or wrong, wise
"or unwise, at the time, as the repeal of that restric-
tion may have seemed, subsequent acts and events
have made it both a delusion and a snare. Yes,
sir, I confess it. I who, as a pvivatecitizen, was
one of its earliest defenders, make open confes-
sion of it here, to-day. It was this which gave a
new and terrible vitality, to the languishing ele-
ment of abolitionism, and which precipitated, at
least, a crisis which, 1 fear, was nevertheless,
sooner or later, inevitable. It is the crisis of which
the President elect spoke thr^e years ago. It is,
indeed, reached. Would to God it were passed,
also, in peace.
But, sir, whether the leaders of the movement
against the repeal of the Missouri restriction were
consistent'or inconsistent, honest or dishonest,
the great mass of the people of the free States were
roused for a time to the highest indignation by it;
and inasmuch as the Whig party was just then fall-
ing to pieces, wicked, or reckless, or short-sighted
men, eagerly seized upon this unsettled condition
of the public" mind, to reorganize the Free-Soil
party of 1848, under a new and captivating name,
but very nearly upon the principles of the Buffalo
platform of that year; thusabandoningthe extreme
abolition sentimentsof the liberty party, and bring-
ing up the great majority of the Whig party, and
not a few of the Democratic party also, to the
Free-Soil and non-slavery extension principle;
and by this compromise, forming and consolidat-
ing that powerful pary, which, for the first time in
our history, by a mere sectional plurality—in a
minority in fact by a million of votes—has ob-
tained possession of the power and patronage of
the central Government. Sir, if all this had hap-
pened solely by accident, and were likely never to
be repeated, portentous as it might be of present
evil, it would have caused, and ought to have
caused, none of the disasters which have already
followed. "But the dread secret once disclosed,
that the immense powers and revenues and hon-
ors and spoils, of this great and mighty Republic,
may be easily won, by a mere sectional majority,
upon a popular sectional issue, will never die; and
new aggressions and new issues must continually
spring from it. This is the philosophy and the
justification of the alarm and consternation which
have shaken the South from the Potomac to the
Gulf. It is the philosophy and the justification,
too,of theamendmentof the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams'^] and of all the other
propositions for new adjustments and new guar-
antees. Sir, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sedgwick] was right when he said that there never
was any great event which did not spring from
some adequate cause. The South is afraid of your
sectional majority, organized and consolidated
upon the abstract principle of hostility to slavery
generally, and the practical application of that
principle to the exclusion of slavery from all the
Territories, and its restriction by the power of that
sectional majority, to where it now exists. And
if this be not the fundamental doctrine of the Re-
publican party, I shall be greatly obliged to some
gentleman of that party to tell me what its funda-
mental doctrine is.
But unjust and oppressive as the South feel
their exclusion from the common territories of
the States to be, they know well, also, that the
propelling power of a great moral and religious
principle, as it is regarded in the North, added to
the Itill more enduring, persistent, and prudent
passion of ambition, of thirst for power and place,
for the honors and emoluments of such a Govern-
ment as ours, with its half a million of dependents
and expectants, and its eighty millions of revenues
and disbursements, all, all to be secured by the
Aladdin's lamp of a sectional majority, cannot be
arrested or extinguished by anything short of the
suppression of the power which makes it potent
for mischief. And nothing less than this, be as-
sured, will satisfy any considerable number of
even the more moderate of the people of the border
slave States, and certainly without it there is not
the slightest hope of the return of the States upon
the Gulf, and thus of a- restoration of the Union
as it existed but three months ago.
The statesmen and the people of all of these
States well know, also, that by the civil law of
every country among individuals, and by the law
of nations,as between sovereign and foreign States,
the power to aggress, along with the threat and
the preparation to aggress, is a good cause why
an individual or a State should be required to give
some adequate assurance that the power shall not
be used to execute the threat; or, otherwise, that
the power shall itself be taken away. Apply now,
sir, these principles to the case in hand. The
North has the power; that power is in the hands
of the Republican party, and already, they have
resolved to use it for the exclusion of the South
from all the Territories. There shall be no more
extension of slavery. More than this, the leaders
of the party—many of them leaders and founders
of the old Liberty Guard, the original Abolition
party of the North—the very men who brought
the masses of the Whig party and many of the
Democratic party from utter indifference and non-
intervention, years ago, upon the question of sla-
very, up to the point of no more slavery exten-
sion, and persuaded them, in spite of the warning
voice of Washington, in the very face of the ap-
palling danger of disunion, to unite, for this pur-
pose, in a powerful sectional party, for the first
time in the history of the Government—these self-
same leaders proclaim now, not indeed as pres-
ent doctrine or purposes of tlie Republican party;
but as solemn abstract truths, as fixed, existing
facts, that there is a " higher law " than the Con-
stitution, and an " irrepressible conflict" of Pnn"
ciple and interest between the dominant and the
minority sections of the Union; and that oneor the
other must conquer in the conflict. Sir, in this con-
test with ballots, who is it that must conquer—
the section of the minority or the,section of the
majority ? . " ' • -
And now, sir, when sentiments like these are
held and proclaimed—deliberately, solemnly,.!te-
peatedly proclaimed—by men, ope of whom js
now the President elect, and the other th£ Secre-
tary of State of the incoming Administration, is
it at all surprising that the States of the, South'
should be filled with excitement an3 alarm, or that
they should demand, as almost with one voice
they have demanded, adequate and complete guar-
antees for their rights and security against aggres-
sion? Righf or wrong, justifiably or without
cause, they have done it; and I lament to say that
some of the States have even gone so far as to
throw off wholly the authority of the Federal
Government, and withdraw themselves from-the
Union. Sir, I will not discuss the right of seces-
sion. It is of no possible avail, now, either to
maintain or to condemn it; yet it is vain to tell
me that States cannot secede. Seven States have
seceded; they now refuse any longer to recognize
the authority of this Government, and already
have entered into a new confederacy and set «pt,a
provisional government of their own. In three
months their agents and commissioners will re-
turn from Europe with the recognition of Great
Britain and France and of the other great Powers
of the continent. Other States at home are pre-
paring to unite with this new confederacy, if you
do not soon grant to them their just and equitable
demands. The question is no longer one of mere
preservation of the Union. That was the question
when we met in this Chamber some two months
ago. Unhappily, that day has passed by; and
while your " perilous committee of thirty-three"
debated and deliberated to gain time—yes, to gain
time—for that was the insane and most unstates-
manlike cry in the beginning of the session, star
after star shot madly from our political firmament.
The question to-day is: how shall we now keep
the States we have and restore those which are
lost? Ay, sir, restore, till every wanderer shall
have returned, and not one be missing from the
" starry flock."
If, then, Mr. Speaker, I have justly and truly
stated the causes "Which have led to these most
disastrous results; if indeed the control of the im-
mense powers, honors, and revenues—«the spoils
—of the Federal Government; in a word, if the
possession of power and the temptation to abuse
it be the primary cause of the present dismem-
berment of the United States, ought not every
remedy proposed to reach at once the very seat of
the disease? And why,sir,may not the malady
be healed ? Why cannot this controversy be ad-
justed? Has, indeed, the Union of these States
received the immedicable wound ? I do not believe
it. Neverwas thereapoliticalcrisisforwhichwise,
courageous, and disinterested statesmen could
more speedily devise a remedy. British statesmen
would have adjusted it in a few weeks. Twice,
certainly, if not three times, in this century, they
have healed troubles threatening a dissolution of
the monarchy and civil war; and each time healed
them by yielding promptly to the necessities
which pressed upon them, giving up principles and
measures to which they had every way for years
been committed. They have learned wisdom from
the obstinacy of the King wholost to Great Britain
her thirteen colonies, and have been taught by
that memorable lesson to concede and to compro-
mise in time, and to do it radically; and history
has pronounced it statesmanship, not weakness.
In each case, too, they yielded up, not doctrines
and a policy which they were seeking for the first
time to establish, but the ancient and settled prin-
ciples, usages, and institutions of the realm; and
they yielded up these to save others yet more
essential, and to maintain the integrity of the
empire. They did save it, and did maintain it;
ana to-day Great Britain is stronger and more
prosperous and more secure than any Government
on the globe.
Sir, no man had for a longer time, or with
more inexorable firmness, opposed Catholic eman-
cipation than tneDukeofWellington. Yet,when
the issue came at last between emancipation or
civil war, the hero of a hundred battle-fields, the
conqueror at Waterloo, the greatest military com-
mander, except Napoleon, of modern times; yes,
the Iron Duke, lost not a moment, but yielded to
