1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Relations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 5) authorizing the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
accounts of John Randolph Clay, United States
Minister to Peru, reported it without -amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 271) for the
relief of John P. Brown, reported it without
amendments.
JOHN II. WHEELER.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask leave to withdraw a
motion to reconsider that I had entered some days
ago, in the case of John H. Wheeler. I made the
motion, having occasion to doubt one item in the
claim, which further examination has removed. I
therefore wish to withdraw the motion to rccon-
sidcr which I had entered; and I hope the Senate
will give me leave.
Mr. MASON. By general consent it may be
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
leave to withdraw the motion to reconsider which
was entered. It requires the vote of the Senate.
Leave was granted.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. "WILSON, asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
560) for the relief of Franklin Haven and his
associates; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
STATE OF THE UNION-
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask leave to present, un-
der the decision made by the Senate just now,
the resolutions of the Republican members of the
New Jersey Legislature on the subjects agitating
the country with respect to the state of the Union.
Tiiey contain a resolution that they be sent to the
Senators and members of the House of Represent-
atives, in order that they may be presented to those
bodies.
Mr. HALE. I object to the reception; and I
object on this ground: the Senate having uni-
formly refused to receive them, and the only pre-
cedent that has been established breaking over
tho rule is to receive Democratic proceedings,
and as this does not come within that precedent,
I object to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. TEN EYCK. As the Senate has pro-
nounced its decision on this question, and paitic-
ularly as I voted in favor of the reception of the
resolutions from Ohio, I feel myself called upon
to insist that the same course shall be taken in
respect to these resolutions that was taken in
respect to those. ["Certainly."]
The VICE PRESIDENT." Does the Senator
from New Hampshire insist on his objection?
Mr. HALE. I do not want the yeas and nays
on it. [Laughter.]
The resolutions were received.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let thom be read. ["Oh,
no!'']
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask for the reading of
them.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolutions of the Republican members* of the New Jersey
Legislature, on the present state oj the Union.
Whereas the Democratic majority of the Legislatuie of
New Jersey, now in ses&ion, have, by a strictly party vote,
passed certain resolutions indorsing the Cnttendcn com-
promise resolutions and piopositions, and declaring the
same to be aceeptableto the people of New Jersey, and we,
the friends- <md supporters of Lincoln and Hamlin, ^pre-
senting in said Legislature one half of the people of New
Jer&ev. totally dissent from the resolutions passed by the
Democratic majority, and it is proper that the views of our-
selves an'i our constituents should be formally made known
to the whole country: Therefore,
Resolved, That we adhere to the following re?olution«,
presented in our behalf and supported by us unanimously
m our lespective places in the Senate and General As-
sembly of New Jersey, to wit:
3. Be it resolved. That the Constitution of the United
States was ordained and established, as set forth iu the
preamble, by the people of the lTmted States, in oider to
form a inoic perfect union, establish justice, insure domes-
tic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote
the general wVltare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
themselves and their posterity; and if the people of any
State in tbe Union are not m the full enjoyment of all the
benefits intended to be secured to them by the said Comti-
lution; if their rights undei it are disregarded, their tran-
quillity disturbed, iheir prosperity retarded, or their liberties
imperiled, by the people of any other State, tull and ade~
quate redress can, and ought to be, provided for such griev-
ances through the action of Congress, and the other proper
.d^ppiTMfnN of the national Government.
2. Jind be it resolved, That while the people of New
Jersey can make no concessions to, or compiomise with
traitors, levying war agam&t the Government, seizing its
fortresses and revenues, and firing upon its flag, y*t they
admiie the patriotic fidelity of those trae friends of the
Union who are lighting an unequal battle in the southern
States, and they pledge them their cooperation in all meas-
ures need! ul for their welfare, security, and happiness with-
in the Union and underthe Constitution; that they cannot
surrender their love of liberty and their cherished princi-
ples, vet they are willing, if acceptable to them, to unite
in establishing a policy winch shall he final and conclusive
in its settlement of existing difficulties, upon the basis of
the following propositions:
I. A saci ed guarantee that neither Congress nor any branch
of the Federal Government shall intejfere in any manner
with the peculiar systems of labor or domestic institutions
of any of the States.
II. A prompt repression of all armed invasions of any
State or Territory, and the speedy and sure punishment of
all persons engaged in such lawless attempts.
III. A faithful execution ofthat clause ofthe Constitution
which provides '• that noperson held to service or labor in
one State5 under the laws thereof, escaping into another,
shall, in consequence of any Jaw oi regulation therein, be
discharged fiom such service or labor, but shall be deliv-
ered up on the claim ofthe paity to whom such service or
labor may be due," and all laws passed in puisuancctheiecf,
and the repeal of all State laws, the puipose and intent of
which arc to prevent their faithtul execution, and also the
faithful execution of those equally impoitaut clauses of the
Constitution which requires that "the citizcns of each
State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States," that" the rights of the
people to be secure in their petsons, houses, papers, and
effects, against umeasonable fceaichesj ami seizures, shall
not he violated,*5 and that " no pcison shall be deprived of
life or property without d+ie process of law."
IV. An enabling aet,piuvuUng that ail that portion-of the
tenitory of the United States in which slavery was not pro-
hibited by the Missouri compromise, passed in 1820, com-
prising all south of the parallel of 30° 30' north latitude,
and now constituting the Tenitory of Now Mcxico, shall be
foi med into a State which shall be admitted into the Union
upon an equal tooting with the other State", with or with-
out slavery as the people shall decide: Provided, That in all
the teiritory belonging to the United States, north of the
parallel aioiesaid, slavery or involuntary servitude, except
for crime, shall be foiever piohibited.
3. And be it resolved, That the Govoinmentof the United
States is a national Government; and the Union it was
designed to create is not a mere compactor league, but is
indissoluble by any authority except the whole people of the
United States; and the Government and Union thus estab-
lished it is the duty of every good citizen to maintain and
defend at all hazaids.
4. Jind beitresolved, That the Constitution of the United
States contains all the poweis necer-saiy to the maintenance
of its authority, and it is the solemn and most imperative
duty of the Government to adopt and cany into effect what-
ever measures may be necessary to that end ; and the faith,
and the power of New Jcisey are heicby pledged to the
support of such measures, m any manner and to any extent
that may be lequnedof bet by the constituted authorities of
the United States.
Resolved y That these lesolution* be signed by all themem-
beis of the Legislatme of New Jersej who supported the
election of Lincoln and Hamlin, and that copies thereof be
forwarded to the President of the United States, the Gov-
ernors of the sevcial States ot the Union, and also to our
Senators and Representatives in Congiess, who are hcieby
requested to piesent the «ame to the Senate and House of
Repiesentatives ofthe United States; and that Messis.
Qiunby, Wheeler, and Dobbins, be ehaiged with the duty
of foi warding said copies.
Jonathan Cook.
William F. Brown,
Downs Edmunds, ji .
William P. Tatem,
Etnmor Iteevc,
James Wheeler,
Owen L. Jones,
Sociatcs Tuttie,
C. K. P. Ma> how,
William H. Mount,
Joseph Abbott,
John G. Schenck,
William Bacon,
Isaac P. Cooley,
Jo«eph L. Lamb.
F. B. Caipenter,
Moigan F. Mount,
John Stair,
R. B. Stokes,
Benjamin Buckley,
Jnnies XVI. Q.umby,
Abraham Everitt,
John Pierson,
Thomas E. Morris,
Geoige A. Hahey,
John flill,
Samuel A. Dobbins,
Joseph M. Duilicki,
David Oakcs,
C. H. Applegatc,
William Sooy,
J. L. Hines,
J. E. Sheppaid,
Joel B. Knkbrjde,
Robert iiusling,
J. Lippincott,
J. F. Learning,
Michael I. Vreeland.
The resolutions were ordered to He on the table.
INDIAN APWIOHUATIOIS" BILL. Sf
Mr. PEARCE. I must ask the Senate now to
postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of taking
up the Indian appropriation bill. That bill was
under discussion this day week, but was laid
aside by a vote of the Senate, at the desire of the
Senator fiom Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.} It is
important that we should proceed with the bill at
once, for almost all the appropriation bills of any
importance are behind it. But three weeks of the
session remain; and if the Senate go on with the
discussion of the tariff and other subjects before
those appropriation bills are disposed of, they
will find themselves scarcely able to make the
necessary appropriations for the support of the
Government. 1 ask, therefore, that the bill be
taken up now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
all prior orders be suspended to take up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE. I hope that that will not be done.
1 hope the Senate will feel it their duty, after es-
tablishing a principle, to pursueitwith assiduity.
I hold in my hand the proceedings of a Republi-
can meeting
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New Hampshire, that
he cannot receive any petitions or reports until
this motion is disposed of. I.
Mr. HALE. I was going to state the reason
why I was opposed to this motion. I was about
to say that I held in my hands the proceedingsof
a meeting of Republicans holden at Bes Moines,
in the State of Iowa, in which they give reasons
for the course they recommend, and I hope that
the trifling business of taking up appropriation
bills will not be allowed to interfere with the
presentation of the proceedings of these public
meetings that are being holden over the country.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a request to pre-
sent it ?
Mr. HALE. Yes; though not exactly in those
words; but when we are entering on a great prin-
ciple we are not going to stick at little trifling
things of that sort. [Laughter.] These proceed-
ings are directed to be sent to the delegation in
Congress, and it was evidently their intention that
through those delegates they should find their way
to the Senate; and I hope the time of the Senate
will be devoted to reading a few more proceed-
ings, both from Democrats and Republicans.
Mr. SUMNER. How long is it?
Mr. HALE. Not very long. I suppose it can
be read in fifteen or twenty minutes, and for that
reason I oppose the motion of the Senator from
Maryland.
The question being put,
The Vice president declared the ayes
seemed to have it.
Mr. CAMERON. I am surprised that there
should be a motion of this kind. After a great
deal of difficulty we got the important bill of the
session—the tariff bill—up yesterday,and I do not
see why it should be displaced. I think it ought
to be permitted to take the regular course, and I
must insist upon the yeas and nays on this ques-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. Previous to calling up the
tariff bill, as it is commonly called, I had a con-
versation with the chairman of the Committee on
Finance; and 1 stated to him that when it came
up, if any of his appropriation bills were ready, I
would waive its consideration in order that they
might be passed, particularly one or two of them
about which he felt great interest. Ibelievcitwas
the naval appropriation bill in regard to which he
spoke to me; and there was another one which he
thought we could get through with in a little while.
I desire so to conduct business as not to have an-
other day spent in factious proceedings, such as
the reading of a long bill which nobody wants to
hear. I want to get at the business fairly, and I
am willing to allow a reasonable time. I am will-
ing that the first hour or two, to-day, shall be de-
voted to the appropriation bills; and I think if we
do not debate them very much we can pass them
in that time; and then I shall throw myself upon
the generosity of gentlemen on the other side to
try to get something to pay the appropriations
with.
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if all prior orders were not postponed to
enable us to present memorials and petitions this
morning?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday was postponed for the re-
ception of memorials and reports; but after the
Serrate had proceeded some time in that business,
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. PEAECE]tnoved
to postpone all prior orders and take up the In-
dian appropriation bill. Thatis the question befpre
the Senate, on which the yeas and nays are called.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have a memorial to pre-
sent.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Finance will be sustained. If he
is not allowed to get up his bills, after preparing
them, it is impossible that he can do justice to the
business of his committee.
