824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
. Mr. SIMMOiN'S. I hope the call for the yeas
and nays wil! bo withdrawn. Itwasa sort of un-
derstanding, for the convenience of public busi-
ness, thot the appropriation bills might be taken
up this morning. I agreed a week ago, with the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that when
he had his appropriation bills ready, I would lay
the tariff bill aside informally for the purpose of
passing them. That is what I wish to do now if
It is practicable.
Mr. CAMERON. I will say to the Senator
that, havirigunderstood that thatarrangement was
made between the chairman of the select commit-
tee and the gentleman in charge of the appropria-
tion bills, of course I shall not interfere; and X
wilhdnuv the call for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call for the
yeas and nays may be withdrawn by unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it is unfortunate;
but I shall not interpose.
Mr. SIMMONS). It may be unfortunate, but
I cannot help it; for I made the arrangement, and
must stand by it.
The motion of Mr. Peahce was agreed to; and
the Senate, asin Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 865) mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30,18G2; the pond-
ing question being on the motion of Mr. Johnson,
of Arkansas, to reconsider the vote rejecting the
followingamendmeat,reportedfrom the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to add, at the end of the
bill;
For carrying into effect the eleventh article of the treaty
with the Choctaw tube of Indian*, made the did day of
June, 18.>f>, and the awaid of the Senate made pniNuant
thereto, on the 9th o( M.ueh, 1859, the sum of $1,20,2.560 S3,
be.iig tile undisputed balance due them So much thereof
the proper authoiities of the tube shall deteimiue to be
necessity foi the payment ot the elaun-s which, by the
twelfth article of the ticsity the Choctaw.-; have a.-t-umed to
pay, and of such other liabilities of the tribe as they may
ft^ceitain and determine to be ju>t, shall be paid over, on
their inquisition, at such time and in such m.mnei a- they
shall request; and the residue lemainmg, altei saus-iying
Fuel) claims and liabilities, ^hall be held in tinst Cor the
benefit of the Choctaws, aceoidmg to the provisions ot the
thirteenth article of the said treaty. In lieu of making such
payments in money, the fcJecretaiy of the TreaMny may.
at his discretion, issue to the Choctaw,-, on their requisi-
tion, a* afoiesaid, ceititlcates of f>toek m the name of the
United States, bearing interest at the rate <>f six pet cent
per annum, payable semi-annually at the Treasmy of the
United Suites, said certificates to be redeemable in ten
yeais, oi soonci, at the plea-me of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and to be tiansfcrahle hy the proper authorities
of the Choctaw nation m such foim as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe: Provided, That the question
whether the undetermined balance not now appropi irued of
$1.130,000 of the sum teported by the Committee on Indian
Affaire as due to the Choctaws, under the treaty and award
aforesaid, is a legitimate chaige .igain&t the Chocuws by
the term* of said award, be teserved lor the futme decision
of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This has boon
u matter of contest for a j^n-at many yeais. The
case was before us, I think, this day week-, and
there was then, evidently, veiy little disposition
m the Senate to consider it. It was at my instance
—as the Senator from Maryland, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, has remarked—that
the rcconsidcration was moved, and it has conse-
quently fallen upon me, in order to show the truth
and the strength of the convictions which 1 then
entertained, to explain the matter in some meas-
ure to the Senate. 1 have never addressed tins
body on any subject with a single emotion of
pleasure. I have never consumed much of the
time of this body in any instance, or on any sub-
ject, as every one here is perfectly aware. That
this, to me, is no labor of love, so far as the enjoy-
ment of an opportunity to address the Senate is
concerned, every one, I tlink, will recognize.
"Who no ver I have addressed the Senate, it haw been
only from a sense of duty; and with that con-
sciousness, 1 now proceed <.o the task before me.
Sir, I believe I understand the subject-matter
that is now before us,and I shall endeavor to sim-
plify it. In doing so, I may find it necessary to
enter into some detail—for r. has been complicated
by the skill of adversaries and the ignorance of
others; and if, upon an ox. mination of the sub-
ject, it docs not become palpable to every one that
the opposition to it is utteily intolerable, I shall
be very much mistaken. If such should not be I
the case, I shall asenho it to its true cause: my
inability to explain it as it ought to be explained.
With the expression of a wish that the subject
should not be much debated to-day, I certainly
sympathize; but I can never be charged with hav-
ing- unnecessarily debated any subject whatever,
even where my constituents were most deeply to
be affected by the action of this body.
In presenting this case, Mr. President, I shall
address myself to the facts as they are, and shall
attempt to reduce them to some order. In look-
ing around to find the opposition that has been
made to this claim, I cannot repeat with justice
what I said the other day, that I have found the
opposition to come exclusively from the Senators
or Representatives of the North. In looking
through the history of the matter, I believe I was
not just in that statement; and I therefore beg
leave at once to retract it. I find that the opposi-
tion comes from the Committee on Finance, and,
I think, from no other quarter. In no partofthe
debates that have taken place for a number of
years on the subject, do I find that the opposition
to it has come from anywhere else. If the gen-
tlemen of the Finance Committee would state
frankly what their objections are, I am sure it
would prove to the Senate one of two things: either
the fact that those objections could easily be an-
swered, or the f.iclthat they know nothing of the
subject-matter of the «Jaim. That is the condi-
tion in which that committee must stand before
the Senate. If they Ahemsqlves would go into an
examination of it, I believe they would admit the
fact. I do not believe that they have, from the
beginning, taken up this subject, and investigated
it; but 1 can assure them, if they would earnestly
address themselves to an investigation of the sub-
ject, it would not take them more than forty-eight
hours to master it. This is the situation of this
matter, which I now propose to present to the
Senate; and in doing so, L shall endeavor to use
no unnecessary words, and to repeat in no in-
stance, if possible, those facts which I shall lay
before them.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator from Ark-
ansas allow me to interrupt him one moment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCK. Uy way of vindication of the
Committee on Finance, 1 heg leave to say that
this subject was not confided to thoir charge. The
Indian Committee have always had it in charge.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill, of
course, with no provision on this subject. When
they found that amendment coming from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, they felt bound to
call for sufficient and satisfactory explanations.
They thought they were not afforded by the In-
dian Committee; and they would be very happy
to hear such from the Senator from Arkansas,
who is now addressing the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very glad,
then, Mr. President, to hear the statement of the
grounds of the opposition; and the Senate will
see at once, from the statement, how little they
have to rely upon in sustaining the views which
are presented by the Committee on Finance in
opposition to the long seiies of years of labor of
the Committee on Indian Affairs. I do not hesi-
tate to say to Senators, for one, that if I had de-
voted myself to the labor upon this one single
question which the Committee on Indian Affairs
have devoted to it, and it were treated in this way
by the Senate twice, even once, I think T should
return to the Senate at once the commission that
1 held from them to serve on that committee,"and
[ would discharge myself from fut ther connection
with it. I would do so, not from disrcspect to
the Senate, but from a conviction that I had lost
serutoa^al confidence; and I would not conscntto
hold ^position here when that was made mani-
fest. That is the feeling with which I look at
this subject, and with which I now address my-
self to the Senate upon it; but at the same time,
in what I have said I do not desire to wound the
sensitiveness of any Senator. 1 mean no other
reflection than that, in trying to protectthe Treas-
ury, in resisting this claim, they have demanded
explanations which they should have sought m
the books, papers, and official reports, to which
they have ready access.
These are claims that originated as far back as
under the Choctaw neaty of 1830. The whole
of the claim against the United States, I believe,
originates there; but it has been complicated here
(and of that complication I wish to get rid of in
the first instance) with the treaty of 1820, by which
the Choctaw Indians, who then owned almost the
whole of the State of Mississippi, sold a part, or,
as the treaty of 1820 says, " a small part of their
country," to the United States, and by which the
United States, in consideration of that small part
of the tttato of Mississippi, coded to them, and
gave them a perfect title to, all that country west
of Arkansas, embracing aboutfifteen million acres.
In fact, if you will go to the boundaries, and ex-
amine them, you will find that it embraced from
twenty-five to forty million acres, and that this
Government went beyond their own bounds into
the territory of the Republic of Mexico in defining
what they ceded to the Choctaws as considera-
tion for this small part of the State of Mississippi.
I wish to relieve this treaty of 1830 from any con-
nection whatever with any of the points of money
or property consideration that affect the claims of
these Choctaws. I wish to relieve the whole
subject at once of any connection with that, and
that is the reason why I take hold of that treaty;
and the Senate will themselves see, by the plain
language of it, that that had not anything to do
with tins cession; that the cession was complete
and perfect under the treaty of 1820. The con-
sideration for which this cession was made by the
United States, west of the then Territory of Ark-
ansas, was not alone the gift of all that wild and
barren country. There were other points-in it;
but it is not necessary for me to refer to them.
What was the character of the title, in the first
place, of the Choctaws in 1820, under the treaty,
to the country which they now occupy? The
second article of the treaty of 1820 is in these
woi ds:
" For and in consideration of the foregoing cessions-
Meaning the cession by the Choctaws of apart
of the State of Mississippi—
" on the part of the Choctaw nation, and in part satisfac-
tion for the same, the commissioners of the United States,
in behalf of said States, do hereby cede to said nation a
tiact of country west of the Mississippi river, situate be-
tween the Aikansaa and Ited river, and bounded as fol-
low* : beginning on the Arkansas river, where the lower
boundary line of the Chciokces strikes the same"—
That is in the region of what is now Fort
Smith—
"thence up the Arkansas to the -Canadian Foik, and up
the s-atne to it* source; thence due south to the Red river j
thence down lied liver, thiee nnfes beknv the mouth of
Little river, which empties itieli into Red river on the
noith side; thence in a duect line to the beginning."
That was the cession of 1820. It is unneces-
sary to dilate upon it. That cession ran far into
the Territory of New Mexico, to the sources of
the Canadian, one of the longest rivers in Amer-
ica, and thence due south to Red river. That was
afterwaids taken away from them, or, at least,
was excluded in a subsequent treaty as a part of
the cession without any consideration or any com-
pensation to them, and without any attention be-
ing paid to the subject. The United States, in
my judgment, made themselves liable in damages
for not making good the title which they gave.
But, sir, I wish now to direct the attention of Sen-
ators to the character of the title. The language
of the treaty is, that the United States " do hereby
cede to said nation a tract of country west of the
Mississippi river, situate," &c., giving the bounds
of the country. The word 44 cede" is used in that
treaty without any qualification whatever; and it
is the same language which is used in all treaties
when there is a transfer of a section of country
from one nation to another. There is throughout
the treaty no qualification as to the character of
the title. It is a fee-simple title. It is a complete
cession forever; and the possession was delivered
to them of the whole of that country, so far as the
United States themselves had possession of it, as
long back as the year 1820. When they have a
title winch is perfect within itself, is it possible
(when there is nothing in any after treaty to jus-
tify the supposition) that it is to be construed that
their title is so imperfect that they have to pur-
chase it again and pay another consideration for
it? _ In the second article we find the character of
their title, which is a fee-simple title—a perfect
cession. In the fifth section, the same language
is used; and in the sixth article of the same treaty
the same language is employed.
Again: I would ask, what is the character of
the title which the United States acquired from
the Indians to that poition of the State of Missis-
sippi which was ceded by the latter under the
treaty of 1820 ? That title is nothing more and
