240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
36th Gong....2d Sess. Tlie Great American Revolution of 1861—Mr. Valla;ndigham.
Ho. oi? Reps.
HheStorm, and himself led the party which carried
thegreatmeasure of peace and compromise through
'the very citadel of-conservatism—the House of
"Lords. -Shvhe'sought no*middlegtound,nohalf-
-way :measure,' confessing weakness,^ promising
■ something* doingnothing. $.nd in that memorable
debate fee spoke-woi(ds<>f^ wisdom, moderation,
-and^rue ccmrpge, whitfh I commend to gentlemen
hi this House; to our Wellington outside of it, and
-to all otheiWnywhere,wh'ofce parched jaws seem
ravenous for blood. Ho said:
"ft has 'been my fortune to have seen much of war—
mos6 than; most men. I have been constantly engaged in
- the active duties of the military profession from boyhood
Until I h^vegrown gray. My life has been' passed in famil-
iarity With scenes of death and human suffering. Circum-
stances have placed me in countries where the war was
internal—between opposite parties in the same nation; and
rather than a country X Joved should be visited with the
calamities which F have seen, with the unutterable horrors
of civil war,'I would run anij-risk; I would inake any sacri-
fice} I would freely lay down my life. There is nothing
winch destroys propei ty and prosperity, and demoralize*
charactcr, to the extent which civil war docs. By it, tlie
Sand of man is raised against his neighbor, against his
brother, and against his lather; the servant betrays his
master, and the master ruins his servant. Yet this is the
resource to which wc must have looked, these are the means
which, we must have applied, m order to have put an end to
this state of things, %j ure had not embraced the option of
bringing forward the measure for which I hold myself re-
sponsible."
Two years later, sir, in a yet more dangerous
crisis upon the Reform Hill, which the Commons
had rejected, and when civil commotion and dis-
cord, if not revolution, were again threatened, and
it became nccessary to dissolve the Parliament,
and for that purpose to secure the consent of a
King, ad^terse to the dissolution, the Lord Chan-
celor of England, one of the most extraordinary
men of the age, by perhaps the boldest and most
hazardous experiment ever tried upon royalty,
. surprised tlie lung into consent, assuring him that
the further existence of the Parliament was in-
compatible with the peace and safety of the king-
dom; and having, without the royal command,
summoned the great officers of State, prepauul tlie
crown, the robes, the King's epecch, and what-
ever else was needed, ami, at the risk of the pen-
alties of high treason, ordered also the Attendance
of'the troops required by tho'usages of the cere-
mony, ho liurried the Kim* to the Chamber of the
House <5f Lords, where, in the presence of the
Commons, the Parliament was dissolved, while
each House was still in high debate, and without
other notice in advance than the sound of the can-
non which announced his Majesty's approach.
Yet all this was done in the midst of threatened
insurrection and rebellion; when the Duke of Wel-
lington, the Duke of Cumberland, and other no-
blemen, were assaulted in the streets, and their
houses broken into and mobbed; when London
itself was threatened with capture, and the dying
- Sir WalterScottwas hooted and reviled byruflians
at the polls. It was done while the kingdom was
one vast mob*, while the cry rang through all Eng-
land, Ireland, and Scotland, that the bill must bo
carried through Parliament or over Parliament; if
possible,by peaceable means; if not possible, then
ty force; and when the Prime. Minister declared
iu the House of Commons that, by reason of its
defeat, " much blood would be shed in the strug-
gle between the contending parties, and that he
was perfectly convinced that the British Consti-
tution woulu perish in tlie conflict." And, sir,
when all else failed, the King himself at last gave
permission in writing, to E;ul Grey and theLoul
Chancelor,to create as many new peers as might
be necessary to secme a majority for the reform
bill in the House of Lords.
Such, sir, is British statesmanship. They re-
member, but we have forgotten, the lessons which
our fathers taught them. Sir, it will be the op-
probrium of American statesmanship forever that
this controversy of ours shall be permitted to end
in final and perpetual dismemberment oftheUmon.
I propose now, sir, to consider briefly the sev-
eral propositions before the House, looking to the
adjustment of our difficulties by constitutional
* amendment, in connection also with those which
• I have myself had the honor to submit.
Philosophically or logically considered, there
• aretwo ways in which the work before us may
-S:b&-G$*scted: the first, by removing the temptation
* tQ«fggres ; the second, by taking the power away.
Now, sir^ i am free to confess that I do not see
how any amendment of the Constitution can di-
minish the powers, dignity, or patronage of the
Federal Government, consistently with the just
distribution of power between the several depart-
ments; or between the States and the General Gov-
ernment; consistently with its nccessary strength
and efficiency. The evil here lies rather in the
administration than in the organization of the sys-
stem; and a large part of it is inherent in the ad-
ministration of every government. The virtue and
intelligence of the people, and the capacity and
honesty of their representatives in every depart-
ment, must be intrusted with the mitigation and
correction of the mischicf. The less the legislation
of every kind; the smaller the revenues, and fewer
the disbursements; the less the Government shall
have to do, every way, with debt, credit, mon-
eyed influences, and jobs and schemes of every
sort; the longer peace can be maintained, and the
more the number of the employes and dependents
on Government can be reduced, the less will be the
patronage and the corruption of the system, and
the less, therefore, the motive to sacrifice truth
and justice, and to overleap the Constitution to
secure the control of it. In other words, the more
you diminish temptation, the more you will de-
liver us from evil.
But I pass this point by without further remark,
inasmuch as none of the plans of adjustment pro-
posed, either here or 111 the Senate, look to any
change of the Constitution in this respect. They
ail aim—every one of them—at checking the poweu
to aggress; and, except the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] which
goes much further than mine in giving a negative
upon one subject to every slave State in the Union,
they propose to effect their purpose by mere con-
stitutional prohibitions. It is not my purpose,
sir, to demand a vote upon the propositions which
I have myself submitted. I have not the party
position, nor the power behind me, nor with me,
nor the age, nor the experience which would jus-
tify me in assuming the lead in any great measure
of peace and conciliation; but I believe, and very
respectfully I suggest it, that something similar,
at least, to those propositions will form a part of
any adequate and final adjustment which may re-
store all the States to the federal Union. No,
sir; 1 am able now only to follow where others
may lead.
1 shall vote for the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] (though it
does not go far enough,) because it ignoies and
denies the moral or religious element of the anti-
slavery agitation, and thus removes so far, at least,
its most dangerous sting—-fanaticism—and dealing
with the question aa one of mere policy and econ-
omy, of pure politics alone, proposes a new and
most comprehensive guarantee for the peculiar
institution of the States of the South. I shall
vote also for the Crittenden propositions—as an
experiment, and only as an experiment—because
they proceed upon the same general idea which
marks the A dams amendment; and wheieas,fortho
sake of peace and the Union, the latter would give
a new security to slavery in the States, tiie former,
for the ^ell-same great and paramount object of
Union and pence, proposes to give a new security
also to slavery in the Territories south of the lati-
tude 3(5° 30'. Sir, if the Union is worth the price
which the gentleman from Massachusetts volun-
teers to pay to maintain it,is it not richly worth the
very small additional price which the Senator from
Kentucky demands as the possible condition of
pieservin<> it? Sn, it is the old parable of the Ro-
man sybil; and to-morrow she will return with
fewer volumes, and it may be at a higher price.
I shall vote to try the Crittenden propositions,
because, also, I believe that they are perhaps the
least which even the more moderate of the slave
I States would under any circumstances be willing
'l to accept; and because noith, south,and west, the
people seem to have taken hold of them and to de-
| mand them of us, as an experiment at least. Iam
• ready to tiy, also, if need be, the piopositions of
! the bolder State committee, or of the peace con-
■ gross; or any other fair, honorable, and reason-
| able terms of adjustment which may so much as
I promise even, to heal our present troubles, and to
| restore the Um«n of theseStates. Sir, I am ready
, and wilting and anxious to try all things and to
! do all things "which may become a man," to
secure that great object which is nearest to my
heart.
Put, judging all of these propositions, never-
theless, by the lights of philosophy and states-
manship, and as I believe they will be regarded by
the historian who shall come after us, I find in
them all two capital defects which will, in the
end, prove them to be both unsatisfactory to large
numbers alike of the people of the free and the
slave States, and wholly inadequate to the great
purpose of the reconstruction and the future pres*
ervation of the Union. None of them—except
that of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] ana hisin one particular only—proposes
to give to the minority section any veto or self-
protecting power against those aggressions, the
temptation to which, and the danger from which,
are the very cause or reason for the demand for
any new guarantees at all. They who complain
of violated faith in the past, are met only with new
promises of good faith for the future; they who
tell you that you have broken the Constitution
heretofore, are answered with proposed additions
to the Constitution, so that there may be more
room for breaches hereafter. The only protec-
tion here offered against the aggressive spirit of
the majority, is the simple pledge of power that
it will not abuse itself; nor aggress, nor usurp,
nor amplify itself to attain its ends. You place
in the distance, the highest honors, the largest
emoluments, the most glittering of all prizes; and
then you propose, as it were, to exact a promise
from the race horse that he will accommodate his
speed to the slow-moving pace of the tortoise.
Sir, if I meant terms of equality, I would give
the tortoise a good ways the start in the race.
My point of objection, therefore, is, that you do
not allow to that very minority which, because it
is a minority, and because it is afraid of your ag-
gressions, is now about to seccde and withdraw
itself from your Government and set up a sepa-
rate confederacy of its own, you do not allow to
it the power of self-protection within the Union.
If, Representatives, you are sincere in your pro-
testations that you do not mean to aggress upon
the rights of this minority, you deny yourselves
nothing by these new guarantees. If you do mean
to aggress, then this minority has a right to de-
mand self-protection and security.
But, sir, there remains yet another, and a still
stronger objection to these several propositions.
Every one of them proposes to recognize, and to
embody in the Constitution, that very sort of sec-
tionalism which is the immediate instrumentality
of the present dismemberment of these States, and
the existence of which is, in my judgment, utterly
inconsistent with the peace and stability of the
Union. Every one of them recognizes and per-
petuates the division line between slave labor and
free labor, that self-same "geographical Unci coin-
ciding inth the marked principle, moral and pohli-
cal,'*"of slavery, which so startled the prophetic ear
of Jefferson, and which he foretold, forty years ago,
evriy irritation would mark deeper and deeper,
till,atlast,it would destroythc Union itself. They
one and ail recognize slavery as an existing and
paramount element in the politics of the country,
and yet only promise that the non-slaveholding
majority section, immensely in the majority, will
not aggress upon the rights or trespass upon the
interests of the sla^eholding minority section, im-
mensely in the minority. Jldco senuerunt et Jupi-
ter et JMars ?
Sir, just so long as slavery is recognized as an
elementin politics atall—just so long as the divid-
ing line between the slave labor and the free labor
States is kept up as the only line, with the dispar-
ity between them growing every day greater and
greater—just so long it will he impossible to keep
the peace and maintain a Federal Union between
them. However sufficient any of these plans of
adjustment might have been one year ago, or even
in December last when pi oposed, and prior to the
secession of any of the States, 1 fear that they will
be found utterly inadequate to restore the Union
now. I do not believe that alone they will avail
to bring back the States which have seceded,and
therefore to withhold the other slave States from
ultimate secession; for surely no man fit to be a
statesman can fail to foresee that unless the cotton
States can be returned to the Union, the border
States must and will, sooner or later, follow them
