1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
36th Con"g....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Ely.
Ho. oeKeps.
been divided, by the electors of each district, having the
qualifications requisite for electors of. the most numerous
biaucliot the State Legislature. A majority of alltheelect-
ois in each of the lour sections in this article established
shall be necessary to thechoiceof President.andVicePres-
ident; and the concurience of a majority of the States of
each section shall be necessary to the choice of President
bj the House of Ilepresentatives, and of the Senators from
each section to the choice of Vice President by the Sen-
ale, whenever the light of choice shall devolve upon them
respectively.
Sec. 4. The Piesidentand Vice Presidentshall hold their
otlices each durmgthe term of six years ; and neither shall
he eligible to more than one term, except by the votes of
twotlmdsot all tlie electors of each section, or of the States
of each section, whenever the right of choice Qf President
shall devolve upon the House of Representatives, or of
Senators from each section whenever the light of choice
of Vice President shall devolve upou the Senate.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall by law piovidc for the case
of failure by the IJ ouse of llepresentnt ivcs to choose a Pres-
ident, and of the Senate to choose a Vice President, when-
ever the light of choice shall devolve upon them respect-
ively, declaring what officer shall "then act as President;
and such officershtill net accoidmgly until a Presidentshall
he elected. Tlie Congiess thall also provide by law for a
special election for Piesidentand Vice President in such
case, to be held and completed within m\ months fiom the
expiration of the torn of othco of the last preceding Presi-
dent, and to be conducted m all lespectsas provided for in
the Constitution for regular elections of the same ofheer,
except that if the House of'Representative shall not choose
a President, should the right of choice devolve upon them,
within twenty days fiom tiie opening of the certificates and
countmgofthe electoral votes, then tlie Vice Presidentshall
act as President, as m the case of the death or other consti-
tutional disability of the President. The term ot office of the
President choscn under such special election shall continue
six yeais from the 4th day of March preceding such elec-
tion.
Article XIV.
No State shall secede without the consent of the Legis-
latures of the States ot the section to which the State pro-
posing to secede belongs. The President shall have power
to adjust with seceding States all questions arising by ica-
son of their secession ; but the terms of adjustment shall be
submitted to the Congress for their appioval beioie the same
shall be valid.
Article XV.
Neither the Congress nor a Territorial Legislature shall
have power io interfere with thy i iglit of the citizens ot any
of the States within eithei of the sections to miniate upon
equafrtenns with the citizens of the. States within eithei ot
the other sections to the Territories ot the United States;
nor shall either the Congiess or a Territorial Legislature
have power to destroy or impair any lights of either person
or property in the Territories.
New States annexed for admission into the Union, or
foimed or ejected within the junsdietion of other States,
or by the junction of tivooi moie States, or paits of States;
and States formed, with the consent of the Congress, out
of any temtoiy ot the United State?, shall be entitled to
admission upon an equal footing with the original States,
under any constitution establishing a government lcpubli-
can in form winch the people thereof may ordain, when-
evcr&uch States, if formed out of any territoiy of the United
States, shall contain, within an area of not less than sixty
thousand square miles, a population equal to the then ex-
isting latio of repi estimation for one member of the House
oi Representatives.
A card, from which: the following is extracted,
was published by Mr. Vat.i.andigham intheCin-
einndti Enquirer, on the 10th of November, I860
—a few days after the presidential election:
■•And now let me add that I did say, not in Washington,
not at a dinner-table, not in the presence ot ' fne-eateis,'
but in the city of New Yoik, in public assembly of north-
ern men, and in a public speech at the Cooper Institute, on
the *2d of November, 1SGU, that, ' if any one or more of
the States of this Union should, at any time, secede—foi
reasons of the sufficiency and justice of wnieh, befme God
and the gieiif tnbunalof histoty, they alone may judge-
much as f fehoul'i deplore it. I never uouid, asa Rcj/icscnt-
ative in (he Vu 11-411s-. oj the United States, vote one dollar of
money u hereby one drop of American blood should be shed 111
a civil nar.'' Tnat ^entun.'nt, thus uttered in tne presence
of thousand* of the merchant* and solid men of the fiee
ar.d patiioue city of New Yoik, was le^eived with vehe-
ment and long-continued applause, the enlue vast assem-
blage rising as one man and cheering for some minutes.
And I now delibciatelv ivpeat ami leathrm it. resolved,
though I stand alone, though hII oiiiersyieki and fail away,
to make it good to the last moment of my public life. No
menace, no public clamor, no taunts, nor sneeis, noi foul
ciettaction. fiom anv quaitei, shall drive me from my firm
purpose. Ours is a Government of opinion, not of loree ; a
f.'tnon of free will, not arms: nndeoeieion is civil war;
a wai of sections, a war oi Suuo, waged by a race com-
pounded and made up of all other races; full ot intellect,
o! cou-a'-re, oi will unconqueiable, and, when set on tiie
h\ pa->ion, the most belligerent and most ferocious on the
giobe : it eivil war full of honors, which no imagination
(••in conceive and no pen poruay. if Abiaham Lincoln is j
wi-u, looking truth and danger full in the face, he will take
counsel of the • old men,' the moderates of his party, and
advice peace, negotiation, concession 5 but if, iifce the
foolish son of the wise king, he reject these wholesome
counsels, and hcaikon only to the madmen who thieaten
cii.i-Usement with scoipions, let Inin see to it. lest it he re-
couped at last that none remained to serve him'save the
nou-.e of Jinlah onlv.> At lean, if he will forget the re-
cession of the Ten Tribes, will lie not remember and leain
a lesson of wisdom fiom the secession of the Thirteen
Colonies?"
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OE HON. ALFRED ELY,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 18, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thii ty-three— ,
Mr. ELY said:
Mr. Speaker: We have passed the threshold of
a momentous era ill the history of this country,
and are now standing in the presence of events
that will cast their shadows upon our future for
all coming time. Every man, however humble
or obscure, upon whom is devolved the duty of
casting a vote that may tend to give shape and
color to these events, should feel that a grave re-
sponsibility is resting upon him. In the midst of
a crisis, upon which depends nothing less than
the future existence of the noblest and most be-
neficent Government ever instituted byman, ordi-
nary party issues dwindle into insignificance. I
shall not, therefore, in what I have to say, review
the issues of the late presidential contest, buten-
deavor to address myself to the consideration of
questions which, by the rapid progress of events
within the last ninety days, have been placed in
the foreground of our political landscape.
The present condition of our country demands
of us a careful and candid examination of tlie
nature of that political structure which we call
our Federal Government, and of the duties and
obligations which it imposes upon its citizens.
The great mistake under which one portion of
our people appear to be laboring is,.that they fail
to perceive that the General Government, within
its sphere, is as much a unity as the government
of Massachusetts or South Carolina, of England
or of Russia. They seem to forget that we are not
still living under the old Confederation; and to
regard the General Government as though it were
still dependent for the enforcement of its decrees
upon executive machinery of the States. The
fact is, that we are not living under a Confedera-
tion at all; but under a central Government, lim-
ited in its powers, it is true, but within its legiti-
mate sphere, having the same absolute right to
execute its functions that a State government has
within its sphere; a Government which acts di-
rectly upon individual citizens, and not upon
States, and is provided with all the machinery for
enforcing obedience to its authority and its laws.
"All former confederate Governments,"says a
distinguished foreign writer on American institu-
tions, "presided over communities; but that of
the Union rules individuals; its force is not bor-
rowed, but self-derived; and it is served by its
own civil and military officers, by its own army,-
and its own courts of justice."
The General Government does not demand its
supplies at the hands of the State governments.
Congress has, in the language of the Constitu-
tion, "power to levy and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises."
The General Government does not call upon
the States to assist in executing the laws of Con-
gress. It has its own courts of justice, and its
own ministerial and executive officers. It does
not call on the State governments to deliver up
offenders against its laws; but it puts forth its
own hand, and seizes and punishes them without
so much as saying " by your leave" to the State
governments. Tiie power of the courts of the
United States to act on individual citizens of the
several Statew constitutes a principal difference
between our Government and the confederations
proper which luive existed in the Old World.
They have too often been formed by independent
States that had 110 honest intention of obeying
the central Government; and which, "while they
readily gave up the nominal right of command to
the Federal head, cautiously reserved the power
of non-compliance to themselves. History calls
to us, from the fate of such confederations, to take
warning. I might multiply proofs that ours is a
Government of the people, and not of the States.
But 1 will only refer to the emphatic declaration
m the preamble to the Constitution itself: " We,
the people of the United States, do ordain and
establish this Constitution."
Another mistake is, that some of us have come
to imagine, oflate years, that the Iineof " Mason
and Dxxon," familiarly so called, divides the na-
tion into two rival sections; and that tfe most
contrive in some way to keep these sections equal
in regard to population and political power. This,
however, is impossible. The Constitution knows'
nothing of sections. At the time it was adopted,
the people of no section thought of asking guar-
antees that no other section should outstrip them
in the race of population, or in the contest for
political power dependent thereon, as it must be
in a popular Government. This idea of preserving
the political equality of sections is an insidious
and dangerous one. Every man in this country
is a citizen of the United States, and to that Gov-
ernment he owes allegiance. He has certain du-
ties to perform, also, with reference to his State
government; but he owes no allegiance to any
" section." I, sir, owe allegiance to the Unitea
States and the State of New York, but none to
"the North." The citizen of South Carolina
owes allegiance to the General Government, and
to his own State government, but none to " the
South." Our Government is neither a compact
between States, nor a league between sections.
We are one nation and one people.
From the adoption of the Constitution to the
present time, that section of the Union now com-
plaining of its waning power has controlled the
policy of the General Government. It has fur-
nished the Chief Magistrate for forty-nine, out of
seventy-two years; and the few northern men
who have filled that office, with two or three ex-
ceptions, have owed their elections mainly to
southern votes. By the aid of a minority of the
northern Representatives, acting in concert with
them, they have had almost uninterrupted con-
trol of both branches of Congress. The Supreme
Court has been so constituted that the South has
always had a majority of the judges. Ever since
southern statesmen began to regard slavery as an
element of political power, the General Govern-
ment has been made an active agent in extending;
and spreading it.
Notwithstanding all this, the Union is now to
bo dissolved, on the gronnd that it has proved in-
tolerably oppressive to southern rights and south-
ern interests. Six States have already revolted,
renounced their allegiance to the Federal Govern-
ment, and are now in open rebellion against it,
upon the plea that the rights of slaveholders can-
not be maintained, nor their interests protected, in
the Union. And we of the North, are called upon
to save the Union, by making concessions and
giving new guarantees to the South. Concessions
are not now demanded, it is true, by those States
which stand- in open rebellion against the Gov-
ernment, for they ask no compromises, and will
accept none. But they are demanded by other
States, which have not yet actually joined in the
rebellious movement, but threaten to do so, unless
concessions are speedily made. I do not say that
all the people of the South, or all their Repre-
sentatives, make the granting of concessions by
the North a condition of continued fidelity to the
Union. On the contrary, it gjves me great pleas-
ure to acknowledge, that some southern Repre-
sentatives, while eloquently pleading on this floor
for concessions to conciliate the feelings of their
people, have nobly proclaimed their determina-
tion to stand firmly by the Union and the Consti-
tution, as our fathers made them, whether their
requests are granted or refused. To such gentle-
men I can listen with the most respectful atten-
tion. To such appeals I feel like yielding any-
thing, that can be yielded without a sacrifice of
principle.
Mr. Speaker, I am sure I do not misinterpret
public sentiment at the North, when I say that
our people are ready to redress any real griev-
ances of our southern brethren, if satisfied of then-
existence. They are willing to go further, and
yield something to mere prejudice; something to
quiet apprehensions which they know to be
wholly groundless. But here the question arises,
what can we concede that will have a tendency
to settle existing difficulties ? Many Republican
members of this House have manifested a dispo-
sition to go to the extremest verge of their prin-
ciples to meet southern gentlemen on some com-
promise ground. Many southern Representatives
profess, and no doubt feel, an anxious desire for
