1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The Government ofthe United States, in making
the treaty of 1855, was uncertain as to what was
the best method to settle. It was a very shrewd
and intelligent man—Mr. Manypenny, I believe
—who made the treaty. Weallknow him. Every
one who has had business to settle with him knows
well the rigidity with which he searched every-
thing, and the earnestness with which he at-
tempted to protect the interests of the United
States. He made the treaty in 1855, and he con-
cluded that it was best to settle and get clear of
these matters upon this principle: to leave to the
Government of the United States an alternative in
making the settlement, to allow theUnited States to
settle either by paying the net proceeds of all the
lands that the Indians sold in Mississippi, or pay-
ing up those obligations which originated under
the treaty of 1830, after deducting all expenses
paid by the United States. Upon that examina-
tion, he was pretty well satisfied in his own mind
that if we paid the net proceeds of those lands,
the Government of the United States would pay
less than if it paid the sum in gross which would
make the just obligation of the United States to
the Choctaw nation. He therefore framed that
treaty, leaving it to the Senate of the United States
—to which the Indians themselves readily as-
sented—to become the arbiter as between them
and the Government of the United States, to de-
termine what should be paid to the Choctaws, and
the principle upon which it should be settled.
Whatever they should determine the Choctaws
were willing to abide by; and they had no ques-
tion, not only of the integrity, but of the magna-
nimity of this body in making a proper settlement
with them, a feeble tribe of Indians as they were.
This statement of items has passed through the
Interior Department. It was made up long since.
The items were established there, running up to
some three million five hundred and seventy-four
thousand dollars. All those items arising under
the treaty of 1830 are distinctly and correctly
stated. That will not be disputed. The rigidity
of the statement is only to be found where it marks
the right of the Indian, and strikes it down alto-
gether or limits itin amount. That is the way in
which that settlement was made. They then had
to determine whether they would take up this
matter under the treaty of 1855, and make a set-
tlement by the payment of a sum in gross by the
United States to those Indians, or whether they
would consent at once to get clear of all the mi-
nutice and all the complications, and say: " We
treat you as we treated the Chickasaw nation,
when we purchased them out and their rights; we
will give you simply the net proceeds of your
lands, and have done with the difficulty and the
complicated treaty, in which you were defrauded
in the first place, or by which you have suffered
ever since, and which has existed from 1830 up
to 1855." Then, it was agreed to leave it to the
magnanimity of the Senate; and the magnanimity
of the Senate has dweltupon it here for five years,
and what is now the condition of the case ? I beg
the attention of the Senate a little while .onger,
just to show what they have brought it to.
This treaty had been made; it had been con-
firmed. Every member ofthe United States Sen-
ate, after a full discussion, voted for it, with the
exception of two. The list I have before me. I
do not regard that in speaking thus, there is any
violence to the spirit of the rule which deprives
us of the power to speak of proceedings in execu-
tive session. It was confirmed; and then, after a
four years' investigation, the Senate, under and
by virtue of that treaty, took up the subject of the
award. It referred the question to the Committee
on Indian Affairs to determine whether we should
adopt the rule of paying a sum in gross, or take
as our rule of settlement the net proceed.-; of their
lands, deducting those parts which constituted
reservations, then deducting the cost of survey and
of sale, charging against them all the expenses of
their removal, and every annuity and everything
that has ever been paid to them or for them; charg-
ing them with everything we could array on the
face ofthe earth against their account; giving them
a credit ofthe net proceeds of the land; and then
bring everything on earth that you can collect
anywhere against that sum, and deduct the amount
and give them the residue.
Mr. HALE. What is that?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 will show
the account distinctly to the Senator, for that is
a point to which I wish to direct my attention
specifically. The Ssnate, or rather the Senate's
committee, took u.-v i',at subject, and laboring to
reach justice, bui u: the same time, by the most
rigid and strict rates, to protect the Treasury of
the United Statis, ihoy brought m their method
of settlement; ai._ method of settlement pre-
scribed that tliey take the rule of the net
proceeds as the clearer, and easier method
of ascertaining wna. was due. Upon the passage
of that award wiuch was passed here, determin-
ing that that should be the course of settlement, the
Senate adopted a resolution which I will read.
This award was passed after four years of study
in the Department and in the committee of the
Senate, and on the conclusion of the investigation
of this award, the Senate adopted the following
principles on ,vliich the accounts of the Choctaws
should be settle J:
" Whereas, the eleventh article ofthe treaty of June S3,
3855, with tile €:: :j":avv and Chickasaw Indians provide
that the Ibll&wi ? questions be submitted for decision tu
the Senate of tl^~ United State?: fiist, whether the Chnc-
tavvs are entitled to or shall be allowed the proceeds of the
sale ol the lands ceded by them to the United States by the
treaty of September 97, 3830, deducting therefrom the costs
of their survey and sale and all just and pioper expend-
itures and payment under the provisions thereof; and, if
so, what price per acre shall be allowed to the Choctaws
foi the lands renmii'ina: unsold, in ouler that a final settle-,
ment with Lhem tmj Lo t rfected ; or,"—
\/
As an alternate c—-
" Second, whethu tlv; Choctaws shall be allowed a gross
sum in turrucr and iuil s-atisfacuoii or' all their claims, na-
tion*!! iu d individual, ag.uust tlic United States ; and, if
so, how much.
" Resolved, That the Choctaws he allowed the procfcd«
ofthe sale ot such lauds as have been sold by the Unvid
States on the Ibt day of Januaiy la^t, (1850,) deduc,./,:
theicfiom the costs of then survej and sale, and al! p:_ , j
expenditures and pa\ unriei said tieaty, excluding ..;
rOf-civations all ;\ved cvcl feeuieil, and estimating the sc. j
issued in lieu o: < vatums at the late of $1,25 per acre;
and,furthci, thr.t Uieybcalso allowed twelve and ahali
cent!< per acie fU mc residue o." said lands; and further, that
it is the judgment of the Senate that the lands remaining
unsold attei said period are worth nothing, after deducting
expenses of sale.
And thus, at once, we confiscated all the residue
ofthe lands that remained unsold, and we agreed
to pay them the net proceeds of the lands as the
best way; and I can say to the Senate, in the con-
viction ofthe Government, I have no question it
was deemed decidedly the cheapest way, in which
the Government could proceed to settle. The
Senate of the United States adopted that course,
notwithstanding the language which is to be found
in our treaties 111 express terms, that wherever
there is a subject-matter of doubt in the treaty,
that subjcct-matter shall be construed in the most
favorable manner to the Indians. We entered
into that distinctstipulationfortheinterestsofthe
Indians. Then comes the resolution aftei wards,
upon which these accounts are stated. After hav-
ing adopted the principle of *,:-t proceeds as the
manner in which we should proceed with the set-
tlement of the Choctaws, we resolved:
" That the SecreTai-y o ' the Interior cause an account to
be stated with the Choctaws, showing what amount is due
them according to the above pr^ci ibed principles of settle-
ment, and repoit the same to Congress."
This was passed in 1859. Since that time, I
think about fouiteen months have been taken to
make up these accounts, tipon which I wish to
commen t for a little while. The award being made
in March, 1859, it required the Interior Depart-
ment to report an account showing the amount to
be paid. The Land Office then investigated that
account with regard to the net proceeds. The .In-
dian Office also investigated these accounts, to ois-
cover all the charges that could be made against
the Indians under the treaty of 1830, for expendi-
tures, and payments of money cf every character.
The Second Auditor's office also did the same.
The Secretary of the interior himself then took
the pains to inaivfe a minute examination through-
out of these account?. A long time was taken,
and all the chargcs were arrayed that could be
against the sum to -he credit of the Indians, and
, all the credits of the Indians themselves were re-
duced in every other .nanner, as much as it was
; possible for them to be reduced, and the Commis-
: sionerthen showsthattheGovernmentfound there
I was yet due to the Choctaw tribe of Indians the
j amount of <-,2,981,247.
| Now, I call the attention of the Senate to the
j fact that Committee on Indian Affairs brings
j forward th.' proposition which we are proposing
I to reconsider, *hat §1,200,000 shall boat this time
appropriated; and in consideration of the condi-
tion of our finances, they do not ask for the con-
sideratioiiofanyotherportion ofthe amount which,
constituted the award upon the principles, origin-
ally established bytheSenate. That award, upon
the principles which were established, amounted
to nearly three million dollars. After the award
was made by the Senate of the United States, and
the matter was referred to the Interior Depart-
ment for a statement of the account, it was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and thatcom-
mittee then attempted to try their hand upon the
reduction. I shall not go into the particulars of
the manner of reduction, except upon two poiijta
where they brought in objections to two items.
The committee, after investigating the matter, re-
duced the amount of $2,981,247 30 by deducting
from the net proceeds of the ceded lands, which
it was decided should be paid to the Cho'ctaws—
the five per cent, fund of the gross proceeds of the
public lands which, by our own laws, we give to
every land State. That deduction was made by
the committee,earnestly desirous to allownothinff
to the Indians which could possibly be escaped
with any semblance of justice. Now, with what
justice could that five per cent, fund, which comes
to $362,100, have been deducted ? I shall go into
no argument, but shall satisfy myself simply by
saying that it was without semblance of justice;
and Mr. Toombs himself, who attacked the re-
port of the committee here, did not dwell upon
that, and seemed not to have supported that con-
sideration of the subject. The committee, then,
after what have been well termed a hard-hearted
set of officers in the Government, had cut down
the claim of the Choctaws to $2,900,000, struck
out the five per cent, fund which this Government
owed to the State of Mississippi, and compelled
the Choctaw Indians to pay it, without the Choc-
taw Indians having any transactions whatever
with the State of Mississippi.
The committee then go to another item which
had been allowed in the account stated by the
Departmentunder the treaty of1855 and the treaty
of 1830. The Committeeon Indian Affairs, which
now reports the amendment before you, deducted
from the Indian lands all such lands as Congress
had donated, as swamp lands and for school pur-
poses and railroad purposes, to the State of Mis-
sissippi. Their value amounts to $286,560. Under
this award, it was expressly agreed that the net
proceeds of those lands should be allowed to the
Indians in satisfaction of their claims against the
Government of the United States; and in inter-
preting the treaty, and obeying the resolution of
the Senate requiring the accounts to be stated by
the Interior Department, by the General Land
Office, by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and by the Second Auditor of the Treasury, those
officers returned' the amount of $2,900,000; but
the committee took these two items, which were
allowed distinctly by all these officers as unob-
jectionable, amounting in the aggregate to over
§648,000 and struck them out, and reported back
the award and the statedaccouin which was made
by the Department, and recommended the pay-
mentat the lastsessionofCongress of $2,332,000.
Upon that proposition of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, we had then a very considerable de-
bate. In the course of that debate, some parties
who took exception to what the committee did,
sustained the committee expressly in objecting to
those $648,000. The result of that, and of the
course pursued by the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, wag, that the Choctaw delegation gave up
all hope of obtaining the five per cent, fund, and
the value of the railroad and school and swamp
lands which the Government had taken from them
and given to the State of Mississippi. The Choc-
taws, seeing the spirit that actuated the minds and
the hearts of the arbitrators of their rights here,
gave up all thought then of recovering that, and
consented that the Committee on Indian Affairs
should report the proposition as they did; and
they said they would be content i f Congress would
allow them $2,332,000. They felt that they were
dealing with hard masters; they were dealing with
sharp men; they were dealing with men who were
acting on one side, though they had been consti-
tuted by the terms of the treaty the arbitrators to
act for both sides. They gave up what was dis-
puted, and then there remained $2,332,000, as the
account left the hands of the Committee on In-
dian Atjjyrs after full investigation, unembarrassed
