246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
36th Coxa....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
peace. History teaches us that hostile nations
nave often been united for the purpose of putting
an end to war and strife. But who ever heard of
dividing a nation with a view of promoting peace
and good will between the dissevered sections
You charge that the members of the dominant
party at tire North are sympathizers with John
Brown, and in their hearts approve of his insane
and criminal raid to Virginia. Ifthisbeso; ifthe
peopleof the North really approve of such inva-
sions of your territory for the liberation of your
slaves, it must be confessed that the Union and the
obligations it imposes have had a powerful influ-
ence; to restrain them. During its existence of
seventy-two years there has been but this solitary
instance of a northern man setting his foot upon
your soil with any such purpose. If there is any
truth in your charges, you must owe your secur-
ity entirely to your political connection with us;
to that Union and that Constitution which you
are now madly threatening to disrupt and destroy.
While we utterly deny your charges in this re-
spect, and assert that not one in a thousand of
our people ever had the slightest disposition to
interfere with yourdomesticinstitutions; that the
great body of the northern people would cheer-
fully take up arms to defend you against lawless
invasions/rom any quarter, so long as we remain
fellow-citizens of the same nation and a common
Government, we cannot answer for your security
when you shall become aliens and foreigners.
When the ties of political brotherhood shall have
been broken, and the obligations imposed by Hie
Federal laws swept away, no man can say how
soon the groundless charges which you no w make
against our people may become fearful realities.
Our northern people are neither fanatics nor filii-
busters,.but they are men of like passions with
ourselves; and if you will persist in making them
aliens, you will make them alien enemies. Divide
this Union by Mason and Dixon's line, and when
the causes of irritation which now disturb our har-
mony shall have culminated, as too soon they
will, in open war, John Brown raids across the
border, now abhorred by our people as criminal
and treasonable, will become legitimate belligerent
enterprises. If these two sections of our Union
should ever become separate and belligerent Pow-
ers, (which God forbid !) it is 110 disparagement
to your courage or your military prowess to say
that you cannot withstand the hordes that will
coinc down upon you from the populous North,
to overturn your institutions by the power of the
sword. As the Goth and the Visigoth swarmed
forth from the great northern hive to overrun all
southern Europe, during the middle ages, so will
the teeming millions of the North swarm forth to
overrun your fair land, when that dreadful day
shall come. God grant that it may never conic !
God grant that reason may resume her sway over
the minds of men, now drunk with passion, and
that with returning reason they may return to
their allegiance to the best Government that
Heaven ever vouchsafed to man! God grant that
our glorious Union may yet bo saved without the
effusion of one drop of American blood, or tho
sacrifice of a single principle essential to render
it a blessing to the people of every portion of your
common country, and to their posterity forever.
statu op Trip, twropj.
SPEECH OF IJON\ J. II. BARRET,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1861.
The House having: under consideration the icport from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. BARRET said:
Mr. Speaker: In 1783, George "Washington,
in a letter to tho Governors of tho several States,
used the following language:
"There are four things which I humbly conceive are
essential to the well-being, I may even venture to say to
the existence, of the United States as an independent
power: 1. An indissoluble Union under our Fodeiai head.
2. A sacred regard for public justice. 3. The adoption of a
proper peace regulation. 4. The prevalence of that pacific
and friendly disposition among the people of the United
States which will induce them to forget their local politics
and prejudices."
In 1787j acting upon this advice from the Father
of his Country, whom to love was the delight of
the whole nation, the people of the United States,
in order to form a more perfect Union, establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common defense, promote the general wel-
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to them-
selves and their posterity, did ordain and estab-
lish our blessed Constitution. To say that those
who formed that sacred instrument were good and
great, is not enough. They seemed inspired from
above—special messengers from the very throne
of the Eternal; bearers of the high and holy mis-
sion of teaching to all the earth the true doctrines
of self-government.
•The Constitution, as a peace regulation, would,
in all things, be complete; and the Union thus
formed, under one Federal head, would be indis-
soluble, if there existed a sacred regard for pub-
lic justice and such a friendly and paciftc feeling
among the people as to induce them to forget their
local politics and prejudices.
George Washington seemed impressed with this
idea when, in 179G, he, in the most affectionate,
solemn, and earnest manner, warned his coun-
trymen against every attempt to alienate one por-
tion of the people from the rest, and enjoined upon
all the constant love ofiiberty, and especially the
preservation of the unity of the Government, as
the palladium of our political safety and prosper-
ity.
In utter disregard of the warnings and injunc-
tions, in direct conflict with the spirit of the Con-
stitution and the principles of public justice, a
party was formed in the North, founded entirely
upon local politics and prejudices, and with the
avowed object of making war upon southern in-
stitutions. And in 1820, upon the application of
Missouri for admission as a State, an issue, based
upon geographical discriminations, was directly
made, which endangered, even at that early day,
the very existence of the Union, it may be well
to call attention to the views of Mr. jefferson,
upon this proposition .and the party making it,
aw be is one of the fathers of the Republic, to whom
this anti-slavery party now delight to refer.
In a letter to Mr. Monroe, oi March 3, 1820,
he says:
" The Missouri question is the most portentous one which
ever ihteatened our Union. In the gloomiest moment of
the ievolutionary w.u, I nuvci had ciu apprehension equal
to that 1 felt tiom tin* somce."
In his writings, volume seven, he says:
The question 1st a mere party ti irk ; the leaders of Fed-
eralism, defeated ni their scheme?, of obtaining power, by
rallying partisans to the principle of inonarchi-.ni—a prin-
ciple oi personal, not of local division—have changed their
tact and tin own out another barrel to the whale. They are
taking advantage of the vntuous feeling of the people to
effect a division of paities by geographical lines ; they ex-
pect that this will injure them,on local principles, the ma-
jority they could never obtain on principles of Federalism.''
In a letter to Mr. Adams, January 22,1821, he
says:
" What does the holy alliance, in and out of Congress,
mean to do with us on the Missouii question? And this,
by the way, 13 but the name of the case; it is only the
John Doe and itiehaid Roe of the ejectment. The real
question, as sjeen in the States afflicted with this unfortu-
nate population, is,* aie 0111 slaves to be presented with
freedom and a dagger?J For, il Confess lias the power to
regulate the conditions of the inhabitants of the States with-
in the States, it will be but the exercise of that power to
decbue that all shall be free."
In a letter to La Fayette, November 4, 1823,
he says:
£C On the eclipse of Federalism with us, although not its
extinction, its leaders got up the Missouri question under
the false front of lessening the measure of slavery, but with
the real view of pioducing a geographical division of par-
ties which might insure them the next President.''
To Mr. Holmes, April 22, 1820:
u I have been among the most sanguine in believing that
our Union would be oi long duiation. Inow doubt it much,
and see the event at no great distance, and the direct eon-
sequence of this question. My oolv comfort and consola-
tion is, that I shall not live to see it; and I envy not the
present geueiation the glory of throwing away the fruits of
their father*.' sacufices o! h:e and fortune, and oi rendering
despenue the cxpeiiment which was to decide, ultimately,
whether man is capable of self-government. This treason
against human hope will signalize their epoch in future
history as the counteipart of the model of their predecessors.
This momentous question, like a fire-bell m the night,
awakened me and filled me with horror. I considered it.
at once, as the knell of the Union. It is hushed, indeed^
for the moment; but this is a repiieve, only, not a final sen-
tence. A geographical line, coinciding with a marked prin-
ciple, moial and political, once conceived and held up to
the angry passions of men, will never be obliterated ; and
evciy hew uritation will mark it deepei and deeper."
For peace and for the Union, the South upon
this question made a compromise of their rights
which even the Constitution would not justify.
But this compromise did not secure peace. It
was a V reprieve only, "and fiota" final sentence.'9
It was but a temporary success of sectionalism,
which encouraged more thorough organization.
On the 30th January, 1832, the Anti-slavery So-
ciety of New England was formed. This was an
association, not professedly political, having for
its object the abolition of slavery by moral means.
The delightful amusement of witch-burning had
been played out, and so industrious and puritan-
ical a people could notremain idle. In 1848,these
humanitarians, assisted by politicians, succeeded
in getting up another national agitation, which
once more threatened the Union, until peace was
restored by the compromisesof 1850. Afterwards,
a union of the politicians, with the various anti-
slavery societies, formed the Republican party,
an organization wholly sectional 111 its character,
determined upon effecting the ultimate extinction
of slavery, regardless of plighted faith and na-
tional obligations.
This party is now under the management of two
distinct classes. The first is composed of the out-
and-out, red-mouthed Abolitionists, who believe
that it is the right and duty of every slave to cut
his master's throat. These are the bold and des-
perate men who attempt to carry out practically
the great leading ideas and moving principle's of
the Republican party. They are men who would-
have rejoiced to see John Brown President, Hin-
ton Rowan Helper Vice President, and Dred Scott
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. KILGORE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. BARRET. I am unwilling to be inter-
rupted. After concluding my remarks, I will
answer any questions the gentleman may desire
to ask.
Mr. KILGORE. I wanted to ask if the gen-
tleman ineludesall the members of the Republican
party in that category ?
Mr. BARRET. I decline yielding the floor. I
say most prominent among this Abolition class,
are preachers of the Gospel, men making pretense
of much true piety and Christian charity.
" When devils will their blackest sins put on.
They do suggest at fust with heavenly shows,"
'' How '.inooth and oven they do bear themselves !
As if allegiance in their bosoms sat,
Crowned with faith and constant loyalty."
iC They are meek, and humble mouth'd;
They sign their place and calling, in full seeming,
With meekness and humility."
They carry the Bible in their hands, religion on
their tongues, and hell in their wicked hearts.
The second class is made up of cunning and am-
bitious politicians. Believing it necessary to their
success, they have succeeded in forming sectional
parties—parties distinctly northern and southern,
slaveiyand anti-slavery; and to this end they
have employed with marked effect, the wicked,
reckless, and lawless fanaticism of the Aboli-
tionist; and while they appropriate the service to
their own purposes, they would have us believe
that they condemn the servants. From this sec-
ond class of managers proceed all the artful plat-
forms, so cunningly devised as to reveal just
enough to hold the Abolitionist, and to conceal
just enough to catch the more moderate, and the
good men who are sometimes found in the Re-
publican party.
I shall say nothing of the small demagogues
and pitiful pettifoggers who make themselves
so prominent now in the hour of party success.
They are but the light,surface material, drawn by
the Republican current from every eddy. They
are without size and substance, and float upon the
tide; because its influx may raise, while its re-
flux can never lower them.
Under this management, the Republican party
has combined States against States, and arrayed
section against section, until, by the power of
numbers, by a sectional plurality, led on by party
drill, and by the stimulus of pay and rations,
and under the inducement of coveted honors, fat
salaries, and the sweets of patronage, place, and
power, and at the same time penetrated and fired
with the delicious idea that they were moving in
the cause of human rights, and of the equality of
