1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cosg....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Barret.
Ho. op Rfipg.
man, have succeeded in getting possession of the
General Government.
The South, the defeated section, believing that
this geographical party,m its very nature, is inim-
ical to them, and that their main object in taking
possession of the Government is to use all its
powers and patronage in carrying out their lead-
ing idea—which must result in the complete sub-
jugation of the South, and the destruction of their
institution of slavery—-have become alarmed, and
they ask for further guarantees of their safety.
They ask only their rights under the Constitution,
but they want such explanatory amendments as
will prevent the pervertion of that instrument into
the means of their own destruction.
Now, what is that leading idea, and have the
southern people any cause for fear? In 1859,
Mr. Seward said of the Republican party, of
which he is the acknowledged leader and origin-
ator:
u The secret of Us assured success lies in the fact that
tt is a party of one idea—the idea of equality; equality of
all men, before human tribunals and human laws, as they
are equal before divine tribunals and divine Jaws."
On previous occasions he had used similar lan-
guage. At Buffalo, in 1856, he said:
" If all men are created equal, no one can rightfully ac-
quire or hold dominion ovei, or property in, another man,
without Iih consent. If ah men are created equal, one man
cannot rightfully exact the service or the labor of another
man, without his consent. The subjugation of one man to
another by force, so as to compel involuntary labor or ser-
vice, subverts that equality between the parties which the
Creator established."
In the Senate, on the 11th of March, 1850, he
said:
" All this is just and sound; but assuming the same prem-
ises—to wit, that all men are equal by the law of nature
and of nations—the right of property in slaves falls to the
ground; for one who is equal to the other cannot be the
owner of property of that other. But you answer that the
Constitution recognizcs property in slaves. It would be
sufficient, then, to reply, that the constitutional obligation
must be. void, because it is icpugnunt to the law oi nature
and nations."
These sentiments had been proclaimed by the
Anti-Slavery party in every convention, and they
were not only not disclaimed by the party at
Chicago, but emphatically reasserted in the fol-
lowing resolution:
That the maintenance of the principles promulgated in
the Declaration oi Independence, and embodied in the Fed-
eral Constitution, 'that all men are created equal; that
they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights; that among thein are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness; that to secure these rights, Governments are
instituted among men, deriving their just power* from the
consent of the governed,5 is essential to the preservation of
republican institutions.5'
To this bold enunciation of the real Abolition
doctrine of the party some timid man made objec-
tion ; but this objection was soon dispelled by that
great leader of the party, Mr. Giddings, of Ohio.
He would not allow any dodging, and advocated
the resolution with feeling. He said, and truth-
fully:
"The Republican party was founded on this doctrinc of
negro equality; that it grew upon it, and existed upon it.
When you leave this truth out, you leave out the party."
Mr. Curtis, of New York, in advocating the
resolution, declared:
"That the words were truths by which the Republican
party lives*, and upon which alone the future of this coun-
try in the bands or'the Republican party is passing."
In the nomination and election of Mr. Lincoln,
the future of this country did pass into the hands
of the Republican party upon the doctrine of ne-
gro equality. Judging from his speeches, we
must regard Mr. Lincoln as the very embodiment
of the sentiments of Mr. Giddings and Mr. Cur-
tis, and of the Abolition party generally. Listen
to his words at Chicago, in 1858:
" My friends, I have detained you about as long as I de-
sired to do, and have only to ^ay, let us discard all quib-
bling about tins man or the other man, this race, that race,
and the other race being inferior, and therefore mu*t be
placcd m an inferior position, discarding our standard which
we have left us : let us discard all the*p things, and unite
as one people throughout the land, until we shall once more
stand up declaring that ail men are created equal."
He makes it still stronger in the same speech:
"My friends. I could not, without launching off upon
some new topic, which would detain you too long, con-
tinue to-night. F thank you for this most extensive au-
dience vou have furnished me to-night. I leave you, hoping
that the lamp of liberty will burn in your bosoms until there
shall be no longer a doubt that all men are created free
and equal."
Afterwards, at Galesburg Mr. Lincoln said:
" I believe that the entire records of the world, from the
date of the Declaration of Independence up to within three
years ago, may be searched in vain for a single affirmation,
ftom one single man, that the negro was not included In
the Declaration of Independence."
Mr. Lincoln will not be content with an admis-
sion of the abstract equality of men, but wishes
to reduce it to practice. The Illinois Journal, of
September 16,1856, contains the following, which
is prefaced: 44 We are indebted to Mr. Lincoln
for a verbatim report of the speech:"
" That central idea, in our political opinion, at the be-
ginning was, and until recently continued to be, the equal-
ity ol men. And although it was always submitted patiently
to whatever inequality there seemed to be as a matter of
actual necessity, its constant working has been a steady
progress towaids the practical equality of all men.
" Let past differences as nothing be; and with steady eye
on the real issue, let us leinaugurate the good old central
ideas of the Republic. Wecandoit. Thehumnn heart is
with us; God is with us. We shall again be able, not to
declaim chat nil the States, as States, are equal, nor yet
that all citizens, as citizens, arc equal; but renew the
broader, better declaration, including both these and much
m#*e, that all men are cieated equal."— Sjpcech at banquet
in Chicago.
On the 10th of October, 1854, at Peoria, Illinois,
he used the following language:
" What I do say is, that no man is good enough to govern
another man without the other's consent. 1 say this is the
leading principle, the sheet auchoi,of American republi-
canism. Our Declaration of independence say*;
"' We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men
aie created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator
with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are hie,
liberty, and the puisuitof happiness. That to secure these
rights Governments are instituted among men, derivingtheir
just powers from the consent of the governed.i
" I have quoted so much at this time merely to show that,
accoidmg to our ancient faith, the just powers of Govern-
ments are derived fiom the consent of the governed. Now,
the relation of mastei and slave is pro tanto atotal violation
of this principle. The master not only governs his slave
without his consent, but he governs him by a set of rules
altogether different from those wh ich he prescribes for him-
self. Allow all the governed an equal voice in the Govern-
ment; and that, and that only, is self-go vernmcnt.'5--
lloweirs Life of Lincoln, p. 279.
1'hc stump orators in slave and free States all
advocated the claims of Mr. Lincoln upon this
doctrine of negro equality; and prominent among
these was a Dutch upstart, who went from city to
city, insulting the people of this country by ex-
plaining to them their Declaration of Independ-
ence. If that Declaration did not mean to place
the negro upon an equality with the white man,
this is his opinion of that sacred instrument. I
quote his own words:
"There Is your Declaration of Independence, a diplo-
matic dodge, adopted merely for the purpose of excusing
the rebellious colonies in the eyes of civilized mankind.
There is your Declaration of Independence, no longer the
sacred code of the rights of man, but a hypocritical piece
of special pleading, drawn up by a batch of pettifoggers,
who, when speaking of the rights of men, meant but the
piivileges of a set of aristocratic slaveholders, but styled
it4 the rights of man' in order to throw dust in the eyes of
the woild, and to inveigle noble-hearted fools into lending
them aid and assistance. There are your boasted revolu-
tionary sn es, no longer heroes and sa^cs, but accomplished
humbuggers and hypocrites, who said one thing and meant
another; who passed counterfeit sentiments as genuine,
and obtained arms, and money, and .assistance, and sym-
pathy, on false pretenses! There i  your great American
Revolution, no longer the greatchampion of universal prin-
ciples, but a mean'Yankee trick—a wooden nutmeg—the
most impudent imposition evei practiced upon the whole
world."
Mr. Speaker, there arc in the Declaration of
Indcpendcncc many self-evident truths. Why
should the Chicago platform contain that one con-
cerning equality? Wcis it the expression of a
sentiment honestly entertained, or wns it a mere
pretense to draw the honest elector into the sup-
port of the party by false pretenses'
But they say these principles, promulgated in
the Declaration, are embodied in the Constitution.
The Declaration announces the fact that all men
are created equal, and entitled to life, liberty,&c.
The Constitution returns the fugitive slave to his
master. Is this a case of principle, promulgated
in the one and embodied in theothei? Then, for
which are the Republican party: for the promul-
gation or the embodiment?
Sir, I do not believe in that interpretationof our
bill of rights. Our forefathers, in the promulga-
tion of a great international principle of human
freedom, never intended to establish a law para-
mount to the Constitution itself, declaring their
own slaves entitled totheirfreedom,and themselves
law-breakers in holding them in bondage. That
there should be a prejudice against s-lavery in the
minds of northern men, is but natural; and" for It
I make due allowance. But that prejudiefe has
grown into a sickly sentimentality; into a wild^
wtcked, and dangerous fanaticism; into a social
and political disease; a great national And
now, the cardinal doctrine, the great leading cen-
tral idea, the fundamental principle ofRepubliean-
ism, has become .the equality of th.enfegro with
the white man. Jlence the persistent denunciation
of slavery in the States; hence the establishment
and encouragement of underground railroads;
hence the personal liberty bills; hence the bloomy-
strife in Kansas; hence the devilish raids upoa
our border; hence the incitement to civil war, and
the excitement of servile insurrection.
The Republicans believe that whether promul-
gated by the Declaration, or embodied in the Con-
stitution, the negro is the equal of the white man,
and entitled by the higher law to his freedom; that
slavery is the sum of all villainies; that thieves
are less amenable to the moral code than slave*
holders; " that slavery is a sin against Gk>d and
a crime against man, which no human enactment
or usage can make right; and that Christianity
and patriotism alike demand its abolition*" They
believe, with Mr. Sumner, that—
" Slavery is a wrong so grievous and unquestionable, that
it should not be allowed to continue; nay, that it shoild
cease at once; nay, that a wrong so transcendent, so loath-
some, so direful, must be encountered wherever it can be
rcachcd; and the battle mast be continued without truce or
compiomise, until the field is entirely won."
That it is the object of the Republican party to
abolish slavery in the States, 1 need only read
from the organs and leaders of the party, and from
Mr. Lincoln himself.
The Chicago Democrat, of the lith of August,
I860, is suggestive:
" Blair is a Republican of the radical school. He is a
Republican of the Seward, the Sumner, and the Lincoln
school. He believes in making the States all fiee. He be-
lieves slavery to be an evil and a curse, and that the duty
of the Federal Government is to prevent its extension.
u While the great doctrinc of the duty of the Federal Gov-
ernment to make ' the States all free' thus receives indorse-
ment in a slaveholding State, shall the Republicans of the
free States lower their standard of principle?
" The day of compromising, half-way measures, has gone
by. The people are determined to force the politicians up
to the point of making the States all free. If the politicians
are n t prepared for this, they must get out or the roa4.
Unless they do, they will be run over." * * * *
" The year of jubilee has come ! Already is the child
born who shall live to see the last shackla fall from the
limbs of the slave on this continent. Universal emancipa-
tion is near at hand.
" The only class of people who are standing in the way
of the accomplishment of this great work are the office-
hunters—the fossils and the flunkeys of the North. They
cannot, or will not, see that the path of duty is the path of
safety; and they prefer party to principle. Such men would
have the Republican party m the free States lower its stand-
ard, and pretend not to be devoted to the extinction of sla-
very everywhere, while ourgallant Republicans in the slave
States are winning victories upon this very principle, in
the face of the slave power.
" But the great heart of the Republican masses revolts
against such hypocrisy and such truckling. They throw
their banner to the breeze, inscribed with Lincoln's glori-
ous words,< The States rmwt be made all tree ;'and under
it will march on to victory after victory, conquering and to
conquer.
In October, 1855, Mr. Seward said:
" Slavery is not and never can be perpetual. It will be
ovcuhrown either peacefully and lawfully under this Con-
stitution or it will work the subversion of the Constitu-
i tion tojrethei with its own overthrow."
| Helper, in a work indorsed by sixty-eight mem-
1 bers of this Congress, has fully exposed the inten-
tions of his party. He saysi
''Rut we are wedded to one purpose, from which no power
can divorce us. We aie determined to abolish slavery at all
'hazards, in defianop of all opposition, of whatever nature,
winch it is po^ible for the sjaveocrat* to bring against us.
Of th they may take due notice, and govern themselves,
aecotdingly."—Page 149.
'* Abolition is but another name for patriotism, magna-
nimity, reason, piudeuee, wisdom, religion, progress, jus-
tice, and humanity.*'—Page 118.
''Tin; oligarch* say we cannot abolish slavery without
infringing on the light of ptoperty. Again we tell them we
do not rccognizc jiropeity in man. * * * +
"Impelled by a r-eme* of duty to others, we would be
fully wairanted in emancipating all the slaves at once,
without any compensjition whatever to those who claim
to be theii absolute owners."—Page 123.
" Of you, the intiod iieors. aiders, and abettorsof slaverv.
we demand indemnification for the damage our lands have
sustained on account thereol: the amount of damage is
$7,544,118,825; and now, Mro, we are ready to receive the
money, and if it is perfectly convenient to you. we would
be glad to have you pay it m specie, it nil! not avail }ou,
airs, to parley or prevaricate. We mn->t have a -iOUtcmWi.
