1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
a very considerable sum, and I am perfectly will-
ing that it shall be paid the moment it can be
properly ascertained what it is. My objection to
this whole thing has been, as I stated the other
day, to the mode of proceeding. I have no faith
or confidence in it. I believe it is a total misap-
prehension; in other words, that the Senate has
never passed understanding^ upon the subject,
in any way. That is my objection. That objec-
tion is not removed. I do not include the binding
powers of what is called the award. Therefore,
I say to gentlemen that while the amendment
stands in its present shape, as acknowledging the
force and effect of that as an award binding upon
me, I cannot vote for it. If gentlemen choose to
waive that point, and appropriate, as I under-
stand this nation is in want of aid at the present
time, say $500,000, (I have no doubt it amounts
to that,) towards the satisfaction of claims tliey
may have upon us, expressly prescribing that
that shall not be considered as an acknowledgment
of the force and effect of that award under which
it is claimed, I shall be perfectly willing to let it
pass; but I cannot vote for it in Us present shape.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The question is on reconsidering the
vote by which the Senate refused to adopt the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that. We may as well have a test vote,
I suppose, on the reconsideration.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. ISigler, Biagg, Bright, Cameron, Clark,
Cimgman. Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Fitch,
Green, Giimes, Gwin, Hemphill, Johnson of Aikansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Nichol-
son, Pearce, Polk, Powell, I'ugh, lliee, Sebastian, Ten
E\ek, ana Wigf.ill—29.
"NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Duikee,
Fe>spnden, Pont, Foster, Hale, Ilarlan, Sewaul, Sumnei,
Tinmhull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—15.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote is
reconsidered, and the amendment is before the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg leave to offer another
amendment, which I omitted the other day when
the bill was up for consideiation before:
To enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to adjust
the accounts of Brigham Young, late Governor of Utah
Territoiy and ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs, for
disbursements alleged to have been made by lnm on ac-
count ol the Indian service in said Teiritory, $32,734 15:
Provided, That no portion of said accounts shall be paid
until a full examination shall have been made in regard to
the piopriely of tne disbursements, and the lesult of sucli
examination approved by the Commissioner of Indian
Afians and the Seeietary of the Inteiinr.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 11, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 hope we shall have the
veas and nays, or have the question put again.
I am satisfied, if the Chair will put the question
again, there will be found to be a quorum present.
The question being again taken, there were, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 20.
Mr. GREEN. X call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. In consequence of some diffi-
culties that sprang up with the Mormons, the ad-
justment of the accounts of Brigham Young were
all suspended. There was a deficiency of about
thirty-two thousand dollars to pay drafts actually
drawn, and the money expended in the Indian
service. The Secretary of the Interior last year
recommended this same thing. It is now recom-
mended the second time by the head of the De-
partment. It is drawn by the Department,and so
worded and guarded that not a dollar can go until
the proper accounting officers of the Interior De-
partment find that the money was duly and prop-
erly applied. I can see no objection whatever to
it. I will give one reason why I take some inter-
est in it. Two of the citizens of St. Louis were
trading in Utah at the time and advanced some
$9,1)00"'dollars actual cash, and took drafts on the
Department. When they were sent here, they
were not paid in consequence of the difficulties
with Brigham Young and the Mormons. Ithas
been suspended. They can get no interest from
the Government. They have advanced the actual
cash out of their pockets; and this amendment
only provides the means by which they can be
reimbursed their money, provided the whole
transaction has been honest, fair, and for the pub-
lic service, to be approved by the Department.
I do not want them postponed for another year.
They have been postponed now two years, and
I think it a case of very great hardship. They
ought to have their just dues, and I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will vote this expropriation. It
will be seen that it is guarded so that no loss can
possibly happen to the Government; and the
money is only to be paid under such circumstances
that every man would say it ought to be paid.
The Secretary proceeded call the roll.
Mr. &AULSBURY. I have paired off with the
Senator from New York, Mr. King.
The result was announced—yeas 17, nays 23;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Clingman, Crittenden,
Fitch, Gieen, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice,
Sebastian, and Wigtali—17.
NAYS—Messrs."Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Doohttle, Dnrkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Morrill, Pearce, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Wade, Wilkinson and
Wilson—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have an amendment to
offer to an amendment which has already been
adopted, which I will send to the Chair. It is to
the amendment relating to the exchange of the
funds of the Creek Indians. It contains a nomi-
nal appropriation of §200,000. I ask that this may
be inserted at the end of that amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That the amount herein provided for shall be
expended within the present fiscal year.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If this language is not in-
serted, the appropriation cannot be used until after
the 30th of June of the next fiscal year. This is
to enable the Department to use it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The Senator can offer the amend-
ment when the amendment he proposes to amend
comes up for concurrence in the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the ques-
tion be taken on all the amendments, with the ex-
ception of the one indicated by the Senator from
Arkansas? [" All together."] That will be un-
derstood as the sense of the Senate, unless ob-
jected to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment in relation to the payment of the Choctaws,
by reducing the amount to §500,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator desire to except that amendment on the ques-
tion of concurrence?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will also be excepted.
The remaining amendments were concurred ill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment to the
Creek Indians, which the Secretary will read.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Secretary can dis-
pense with the reading of the original amendment.
I now offer this amendment to the amendment:
Provided, That the amount herein piovidcd for shall be
expended within the present fiscal year.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment in rela-
tion to the Choctaws.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose also to amend that,
by inserting a provision that it shall not be con-
sidered as affirming or denying the claim of the
Choctaws. I propose to strike out $1,200,000,or
whatever may be the amount in the bill, and to
insert $500,000, with the addition of a clause de-
claring that the appropriation of that sum sliaU
not be taken to either affirm or deny the claim of
such Choctaws.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
amendment to the amendment be read again.
The Secretary read it: in lines seven, eight,
nine, and ten of the amendment, to strike out the
words " §1,202,560 85,'' and insert " §500,000,"
and after the word " dollars " to insert the words
" the appropriation of which sum shall not be
taken either as affirming or denying the claim of
the Choctaws."
Mr. HALE. I hope the friends of the propo-
sition will accept the amendment. I can vote for
it in that form, on the ground that there is a claim,
which I have not had an opportunity to examine,
to that amount. If this amendment should be
agreed to, I think the amendment, as amended,
will receive the almost unanimous consent of the
Senate. I shall go for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on adopting the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa. '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should 'like
to make one remark. I will say to Senators on
the other side who have offered this amendment,
that there is no disposition to assume that the
vote upon this question shall determine what the
vote shall be hereafter upon the residue of tfiese
claims. Therefore, so far as that goes, I see no
good ground of objection to the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa; but when it comes to the re-
duction of their claim to $500,000, when there are
undisputed claims to the amount of $1,200,000,
and that, too, after so distinct an expression of the
Senate as to carry fifteen or sixteen majority, it
is hardly to be expected that we caij agree toit; and
I trust Senators will not attempt to have it "re-
duced. Several Senators, thinking that this mat-
ter was entirely disposed of, and that there would
be no pertinacity m the resistance to what was
the ascertained voice of the Senate on this subject,
have gone away; and if this thing should take
such a course that the amount is likely to be re-
duced, I shall really think it but just that I sliould
make further contest upon the matter; and the
rules of the Senate afford us a means by which we
can get a full vote upon it, if it is likely to go
against us. The sense of the Senate evidently was
to pay the undisputed part, and to pay no more
at present without further investigation. Now,
I hope this proposition for a reduction of the
amount to §500,000 will not be adhered to. I would
be glad if other Senators here would express then-
opinion as to whether it ought to be done or not.
Mr. PEARCE. I concur in the belief that the
§1,200,000 will have to be paid eventually; but
as these Indians, it is understood, are in a present
condition of want, and stand very much in need
of this money, I think it would be more judicious
in their friends to allow the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa to pass. That, at all events,
will relieve them. It does notcommit the Senate
against the whole of their claim, or any part of it
at all; but it seems to me it would be more judi-
cious to allow it to pass.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say, in answer to
the suggestion of the Senator from Arkansas, that
I certainly have no disposition to take any advant-
age of the friends of this measure. Ibelievenow,
and have always believed, that the Choctaws have
a just claim against this Government; and I am
willing to pay it, as we are able to pay it. I
believe the proposition as now submitted by me
would pass Congress and become a law, ana the
Choctaws would get §500,000. I esteem it some-
what doubtful whether it would pass as proposed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs. I have only
offered that' amendment from an anxiety that they
should receiveaportionof the money which I con-
scientiously believe to be due to them. I will say
furthermore, in regard to the suggestion that pos-
sibly some Senators in favor of this measure have
left the Senate Chamber, that I voted in favor of
the reconsideration of the vote on this question
the otherday, with the sole purpose ofmoving the
amendment which 1 have now proposed.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that this sum of
§1,200,000 is an undisputed part of the claim; that
that portion of the claim, amounting to §1,000,000
and upwards, which is opposed, is not in the
amendment. This sum of §1,200,000 is undis-
puted; and now the Senator from Iowa proposes
to put in §500,000 as the undisputed claim.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not in it.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; that is the reading
of it, I think.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Secretary please read
Mr. GRIMES. It does not say anything about
beingundisputed at all, if I remember itcoriectly.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Foi cariyinij into effect the eleventh article of the treaty
! with tho Choctaw tribe of Indians, made the day of
! June. 18.55, and the award of the Senate, made pursuant
: thereto, on the 8ih of Maich, 1H59, the sum ol $jOO,UOO,
■ \ the appiopti.uion of which hum ^hall not he taken as either
] affirming or denj tng the claim of the Ohoeiaws.
Mr. WILSON, is that all there is of it?
