248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
36th Costs....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Barret.
Ho. ok Reps.
Our claim is just, and overdue." * * * * " It
is for you to decide whether we are to have justice peace-
ably, or by violence;'for, whatever consequences may fol-
low, we are determined to have it, one way or the other.
0o you aspire to become the victims of white non-slave-
holding vengeance by day, and of barbarous massacres by
the negroes at night?
" Would you be instrumental in bringing upon yourselves,
your wives, and your children, a fate too horrible to con-
template r Shall history cease to cite as an instance of un-
exampled cruelty the massacre of St. Bartholomew, be-
cause the.South shall have furnished a more direful scene
of atrocity and carnage ? Now, sirs, you must emancipate
them, [slaves,] speedily emancipate them, or we will eman-
cipate them for you."—Pages 126,128.
"The great revolutionary movement which was set on
foot in Charlotte, Mecklenburg county, North Carolina,
Way 20, 1775, has not yer terminated, nor will it be, until
every slave in the United States is freed from the tyranny
of his master."—Page 85.
" But we are wedded t6 one purpose, from which no
earthly power can divorce us. We are determined to abol-
ish slavery, at all hazaids, in defiance of all opposition, of
whatever nature which it is possible for the slaveoeiats to
bring against us. Of this they may take due notice, and
govern themselves accordingly."—-Page 149.
"The pro-slavery slaveholder* deserve to be at once re-
duced to a parallel with the basest criminals that He fet-
tered within the cells of our public prisons."—Page 158.
k<Noopporrunity for inflicting a mortal wound m the side
of slavery shall be permuted to pass us unimproved. Thus,
terror-engenuerers of the South, have we fully and frankly
defined our position. We have no modifications to pro-
pose \ no compromises to offer; nothingtoretract. Frown,
fret, foam, prepare your weapons, threat, strike, shoot,
stab, bring on civil war, dissolve the (Jmon. Sirs,you can
neither foil nor intimidate us; our purpose is as firmly fixed
as the eternal pillars of heaven ; we have determined to
abolish slavery, and, so help us God, abolish it we will."—
Page 167.
As early as 1837, Mr. Lincoln seemed as sound
on some of these propositions as Helper. He was
then a member of the Illinois Legislature; and on
the 12th of January Mr. Ralston introduced the
following resolutions:
" Resolvedbiitke General Assembly of the State of Illinois,
That we highly disapprove of the formation of abolition
societies, and of the doctrines promulgated by them.
" Resolved, That the right of property in slaves is sacred
to the slaveholding States by the Federal Constitution, and
that they cannot be deprived of that right without, their
consent."
* Mr. Lincoln voted against them. (Sec House
Journal, p. 243.) In 1839, still a member of the
Legislature, he voted against the following reso-
lution:
"That the General Government cannot do indirectly,
what it is clearly prohibited from doing directly; that it is
the openly declared design of the Abolitionists of this nation
to abolish blaverv in the District of Columbia, with a view
to its ultimate abolishment in the States;  * * *
" und that, therefore, Congress ought not to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia."—-House Journal, p. 126.
Such votes, such expressions, by the President
elect and his party, leave us no longer in doubt
as to their intentions; and what Mr. Clay said of
the anti-slavery party in 1838, is true of the Re-
publican party in 18Gi. We have only to insert
New Mexico, in place of Florida, to make the
application complete:
" With the Abolitionists, the lights of property are noth-
ing; the deficiency of the-.power* of the Genera) Govern
merit arc nothing; the acknowledged and incontestable
powers of the States are nothing; civil war, a dissolution of
the Union, and the overthrow of the Government in which
are concentrated the fondest hopes of the civilized woild,
are nothing. A single idea has taken possession of their
minds, and onward they pursue it, overlooking all burners,
reckless and regardless of consequences. With this class
the immediate abolition of slavery in the Dlstiiet of Colum-
bia, and in the Territory of Florida, the piohibumn of the
removal of slaves from Slate to State, and the refusal to
admit any new Stales comprising withiu their limits the in-
stitution of domestic Plaveiy, are but so many moans con-
ducing to the accomplishment of the ultimate but perilous
end at which they avowedly ami boldly aim, are but so
many short stages in the long and bloody load to the di>tant
goal at which they would finally aruve' Tlnnr puipose is
abolition,universal abolition—peaceably, if they can ; foi-
cibly, if they must/'—appendix Globe} vol. 7, p. 355.
1 know that many of the Republican party
shrewdly disavow any intention to interfere di-
rectly with slavery in the States. It would be too
great a strain of the higher law, even, to justify
eo flagrant an outrage. But the same object can
be accomplished indirectly. Admit no more slave
States. Then, according to Mr. Sumner, "slavery
will die, like the poisoned rat, of rage, in his hole."
Create dissatisfaction among the slaves in the
border States; induce them to seek refuge in (he
free States; prevent their recapture and return, by
personal liberty bills; and slave property will be
thus rendered so insecure, unprofitable, and even
dangerous, in the border States, that they will rid
themselves of it; and once free, it is cxpected that
those States will cooperate in making an amend-
ment to the Constitution, providing for the ulti-
mate extinction of slavery throughout the land.
Abolition of slavery, directly or indirectly, is
demanded by the people of the North, Men high
in authority, leaders of party, preachers, teach-
ers, editors, judges, lawyers, law-makers, State
and national, openly avow it; and no scheme has
yet been suggested, howeverunconstitutional; no
plan has yet been attempted, however wicked and
infernal, which looked towards the freedom of a
negro, which has not met with approval in the
ranks of the Republican party. Many of that
party believe that the design of John Brown was
founded in the deepest wisdom and benevolence,
and executed in unrivaled heroism, integrity,and
self-forgetfulness; that his life was a complete
success, his death an unparalleled and most hon-
orable triumph; that the blood of John Brown
appeals to God and humanity against slavehold-
ers; that the heart of this nation, and of the civ-
ilized world, will respond to that appeal in one
defiant shout: "resistance to slaveholders is obe-
dience to GodA*
John Brown was a true, practical Republican.
He considered the negro an equal of the white
man. He believed slavery a sin against God,
and a crime against man. He believed m the in-
surrectionary and bloody schemes promulgated
by the distinguished Republican Hinton Rowan
Helper, and cordially indorsed by sixty-eight
Republican members of this Congress. lie be-
lieved with the Republicans of Natick, " that it
was the right and the duty of slaves to resist their
masters, and the right and duty of the people of
the North to incite them to resistance, and to aid
them in it." Theodore Parker says: .
" JohnjDrown sought by force what the Republican party
works for with other weapons ; the two agiec in the end,
and differ only in the means."
I know that there are many members of the
Republican party who blame John Brown. Of
such I may say:
" They know the right, and they approve it, too;
Condemn the wrong, and yet the wrong pur^ic."
The Republican party has one million eight
hundred and fifty-eight thousand two hundred
voters in the North, and only twenty-seven thou-
sand and thirty-two voters in the South. It could
hardly be more sectional. They have gained pos-
session of the Government. As to what will be
their policy, we can judge only from the senti-
ments expressed by their leaders and their party
organs.
On the 13th day of August last, Mr. Seward
used the following language, which, from him,
and under the circumstances, is full of meaning:
" What a commentary upon the wisdom of man is given
in this single fact thai, filteen yuars oulv after the deatii of
John Clniney Adams, tho people of the United States, who
hurled linn from power and from place, aie calling to the
head of the nation, to the very seat from which he was
expelled, Abraham Lincoln, whose claim to that seat is
that he confesses the obligation of that higher law which
the sage of (iuincy proclaimed, and that he avows himself,
for weal or woe, lor life oi death, a soldier on the Hide ol
freedom m the irrepressible conflict between freedom and
slavery."
He afterwards said:
" 1 tell von, fellow-cltUens that with this victoiy comes
the end oi the 6lave power in the United States."
Helper, on page 183 of Ins book, reduces this
sentiment of his distinguished leader into a more
practical shape. He says:
"Once for all, within a reasonably short period, let us
make the slaveholders do sothcthing like justice to their
nogioes, by giving each and eveiy one of them his freedom
and sixty dollars in current money."
The wheels of Government are to be moved
with a high hand. For years have we been warned
of this intention. Mr. Seward said, in the Sen-
ate, March 3, 1858:
" Let the Supreme Court recede. Whether it recede or
not, we shall reorganize that court, and thin ipform iis po-
litical sentiment* and practice?, and bnng them into har-
mony with the Constitution and the laws of liatuie."
Massachusetts,through one of her distinguished
Senators, [Mr. Wilson.] sustained this doctrine:
" We shall change the Supreme Court of the United
States, and place nuMi in that court who believe, with its
immoifal Chief Justice, John Jay, that our prayers will he
impious to Ileaven while we support and sustain human
slaveiy.'"
Through one of her Representatives, [Mr. Bur-
lingame,] she lias gone even further:
" When we .shall have elccted a Piesident, as we will,
who will not be the President of a party, but the tribune of
the people, and after we have exterminated a few dough-
faces from the North, then, if the slave Senate will not give
way, we will grind it between the upper and nether mill-
stones of our power."
From these and many like expressions of the
leaders of the Republican party, the southern peo-
£le have concluded that the administration of Mr.
■incoln will abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia; that they will prevent inter-State slave
trade, restrict slavery in all the Territories, reor-
ganize the Supreme Court, and put the Govern-
ment actually and perpetually on the side of free-
dom.
I know that it is claimed that the only object of
the Republican party is to prohibit slavery in the
Territories. And,accordingto thegentlemanfrom
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] no sane man would for a
moment suppose that slavery could ever go north
of36°30',and hence the only practical issue was,
as to the existence of slavery in New Mexico.
This, then, is a statement of the case. Two dif-
ferent forms of labor exist in this country, bond
and free. The Constitution does not prescribe, or
proscribe, either, for the Territory of New Mex-
ico. The people of the South claim the right to
take their bondmen into New Mexico. The peo-
ple of the North deny the existence of any such
right. Upon a fair submission of this question to
the voters of the whole country at the election in
November last, there were, in the free States,
1,574,091, and in the slave States, 1,257,195—total,
2,831,286 voters, who were of opinion that a citi-
zen of the United States had a right to take his
bondmen into New Mexico, or any other Terri-
tory of the United States; while there were in
the free States 1,858,200, and in the slave, 27,032,
voters—total, 1,885,232, who were of a different
opinion. This opinion of the South had already
been sustained by a decision of that august tri-
bunal, the Supreme Court of the United States,
which, by the very Constitution, is a coordinate
branch of this Government, and its decisions are
final, and the supreme law of the land. There are
not more than seven slaves now in New Mexico,
and such are its climate and soil that it cannot pos-
sibly be a free State; and yet, the gentleman from
Ohio considers the question of slavery in New
Mexico the all-important one upon which, as he
says, the Union is being disrupted, and State after
State is going out.
Was it the whole end and aim of the Repub-
lican party to make this Territory free? Was
it for this that nearly three million people placed
themselves upon sectional ground, and arrayed
North against South? Was it for this that they
went through with a protractcd, expensive, and
laborious canvass? Was it for this that they
brought about a sectional agitation, a hostile feel-
ing, which threatens the very existence of the
Union ? Was it for this that they sought the pos-
session of the General Government, and the reor-
ganization of the Supreme Court? I deny that
s-uch a respectable number of Republicans even,
howeverexcited, however prejudiced, could be so
greatly moved by so pitiful an object. If the posi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio be correct, the
existence of the Republican party is dependent
upon the status of New Mexico on the slavery
question, and the determination of that would, as a
matter of course, put an end to the politics of that
party, and to the party itself.
The gentleman from Ohio is not the only dis-
tinguished Republican who believes that the sole
object of his party is the prohibition of slavery in
the Territories; nor do I stand alone in the opin-
ion that, if that be true, the party must soon cease
to exist. Mr. Bates, of Missouri, a prominent
candidate before the Chicago convention for Pres-
ident, thus spoke in the rotunda at St. Louis,
August 10, 1856:
" The Republican party N not a mere array of men. It is
a hasty agglomeration made up of the odds ami ends of
evety other paity that ever existed at theNoith. Mr. Sew-
ard, ever an eminent Whig and unque&tioriablv a man of
ability, is one of its leaders. He was that distinguished
Whig, he is that distinguished Republican. At the North,
whole slabs of the American pauy have united with the
new otgamzation, and it is now animated by an ardent en-
thusiasm which furnishes proof of its transitory nature. In
proportion to its ardor will be the shortness ot its lite. Its
only aim is the prohibition of slavery in the Terntories;
and even if it should succeed in accomplishing its object
by a congressional enactment, its whole force and vitality
would be exhausted in the effort, and it would decline."
