THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGKESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1861.
New Series No. 53'.
raent would not be in order. The amendment has
been concurred in by the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. If tlie Senator could do that,
we might go on, and continue the bill to an in-
definite period.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The object of
the Senator can only be reached by moving a re-
consideration of the vote concurring in the amend-
ment.
M r. TRUMBULL. Cannot a portion of it be
stricken out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment must first be reconsidered.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senate having concurred
in the amendment, it cannot be amended. It can
only be done by a reconsideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state my object,
and if it strikes the Senate with any force, it may
be reconsidered; if not, it can remain as it is.
My purpose is this: that is a recognition of the
award as binding hereafter, and will be so viewed
when next year an appropriation shall be asked
for the other $1,400,000. We are now appropri-
ating P,200,000, which is said to be undisputed.
In making this appropriation we shall make the
balance of it undisputed. That is the point; be-
cause we, by a recital here, state that an award
has been made in pursuance of a treaty. The
Senate to-day has been embarrassed in its action
very much by what is understood to be an award
which was made some few years ago. Some
Senators say that it passed without consideration
Now this will make the other $1,400,000 just as
much undisputed next year as the §1,200,000 is
now. That I do not suppose is designed. I appre-
hend it is not intended, when they say $1,200,000
is undisputed, to put in a clause that makes the
balance undisputed. I think those words have
no effect in the law; but if they were stricken out,
then it would be the payment of $1,200,000 under
this treaty. If I am under"tood by the Senate,
that is all I desire—to present that point for con-
sideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will merely
say, in reply to the Senator from Illinois, because
the record of the remarks will show hereafter in
regard to it, that no such conclusion is authorized
to be diawn as that the residue of the recommend-
ation of the committee shall be regarded here as
undisputed. There is no such conclusion to be
drawn. The Senator from Maine has several
times expressly stated his objection to it, that he
does dispute it; so that it is our proceedings; and
this motion is superfluous on the part of the Sen-
ator from Illinois; and I appeal to him, as one of
the friends of the measure, to withdraw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator fiom Aikansas, if there was no ob-
ject in putting these words in, why not strike
them out ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I see no object
in putting them in; but I see no use of opening
this matter again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is no special ob-
ject in having them there, itseems to me the effect
might be to preclude the Senate hereafter; and
they ought to be stricken out. I think I voted
against the amendment, and I suppose I cannot
move to reconsider. I forget whether the yeas
and nays were taken on the proposition. 1 be-
lieve they were.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There may be some force
in the suggestion of the Senator from Illinois, and
I suggest that, by unanimous consent, the amend-
ment be amended in that respect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not open to amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I supposed it could be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This matter is
to come before the House of Representatives.
Those words, I suppose, were the result of over-
wrought care. I know there is no kind of obli-
gation or inference in the amendment, as it now
stands, that can f>ive it more sanctity than it had
53
when the treaty itself was confirmed and the
award made. We disclaim it now; and the dis-
claimer can be read hereafter, and will be seen as
well as the objections and the opinions of Sena-
tors on that side repeatedly uttered. I do not be-
lieve it is of any use; and 1 really hope that Sen-
ators will notmsiston disturbing that subject any
further; for I know when it is once begun, there
will be no end to it.
The amendments were ordered tobeengi'ossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (II. R. No. 103) author-
izing the payment of the two per centum land
fund, to which the States of Illinois and Indiana1
arc entitled for road purposes, to said States; in
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to
Gregory Patti.
PRINTING OI? DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
ordered, on the 8th instant, the printing of the
following documents:
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a statement of the contingent expenses of
the military establishment—ordered at twelve
o'clock and twenty minutes.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting correspondence in relation to
Fort Sumter, in South Carolina, &c.—ordered
at one o'clock and forty-eight minutes
ENROLLED 1SILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill ana joint
resolution:
A bill (II. R. No. 545) granting a pension to
Gregory Patti; and
A joint resolution (S.No.58) authorizing Lieu-
tenant T. A. M. Craven, United States Navy, to
receive certain marks of distinction tendered to
him by the Spanish Government.
NATAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. PEAP..CE. If the Senator was going to
move an adjournment, I will ask him to with-
draw it for one moment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was about to make that
motion.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senate to take up
the naval appropiiation bill. I shall not ask them
to consider it at this time. I want to take it up,
so that it may be finished early on Monday next.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yield for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 914) making appropri-
ations.for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1SG2.
Mr. PEARCE. Now, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. OWIN. Let us have an executive session.
Mr. PEARCE. I withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall have an execu-
tive session for a few moments. I make the mo-
tion , that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
'The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. •  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Februanj 9, 1SG1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, R.ev. Thomas H. Stockton.
'The Journal ofyesterda y was i Lad and approved.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH GOVERNMENT OF PERU.
Mr. BOTELER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
fiesoirei, Tlrat the President be requested, If not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
House of Representatives the correspondence between the
Government of the United States and that of Peru, since
tiie year 1853, on the subject of the free navigation of the
Amazon river and its tributaries.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the Pr^ident of
the Umted"States, by A. J. Glossbrenner, his"
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan;
An act (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Mrs.
Meeker;
An act (H. R. No. 181) to provide for a super-
intendent of Indian affairs of Washington Terri-
tory, and additional Indian agents; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) extending the
time for taking testimony on the application of
Cyrus H. McCormick, for the extension of his
patent.
TERRITORY OF COLORADO.
Mr. COX. I have an amendment to the Sen-
ate bill to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Colorado, which I intend to pro-
pose. I ask that it be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
HENRY RICE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 501, for the relief
of Henry Rico, and that it be put upon its pas-
sage. I hope no objection will be made until I
can have an opportunity of stating the facts in the
case.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Henry Rice the sum of
$10,539 88, being the repayment to him of tha,t
sum paid by him into the Treasury as duties upon
goods imported into Castine while in possession
of the British forces, the same not being by law
subject to the payment of duties, under the decis-
ion of the Supreme Couit of the United States.
Mr. ELIOT. Now, if I may be allowed to state, *
in a few words, the history of this case, I am sure
no gentleman upon either side of the House will
object to the bill. I have had no opportunity and
no occasion to ask that any private bill shall pass
since I have occupied a seat upon this floor, but
this is a case that calls so loudly upon Congress
that it does seem to me that I ought to have a
chance to state the facts.
From April, 1814, to September, 1815, the town
of Castine was occupied by the British forces.
During that timcjjic British Governmentenforced
the collection of dutiesupon allgoods whichwere
imported into Castine. Under the law regulating
the importations at Nova Scotia a large amount of
duties was compelled to be paid by shipping mer-
chants of this country importinggoods there;and
when, in September, 1815, the port of Castmecame
again into the hands of the United States, thecus-
tom-house collector of the United States called
upon all impoi ters whose goods were then in store
to pay the duties again, as though the goods were
originally imported m foreign bottoms, calling
j upon the merchants not only to pay double duty,
but to pay a larger duty than would have been
collected on similar goods imported in American
ships.
Mr. Speaker, that was done upon a large amount
of merchandise then in store. Steps were lmme-
I diately taken to ascertain whether that could be
j done according to law; and it was decided by the
| Supreme Court of the United States, without a
i dissenting opinion, in a suit brought on one of
; the bonds which had been given, that the impo-
S sition of duties by the United States was not au-
i thoi-ized. I have the opinion of William Wirt,
] as Attorney General, and the judgment of the
j Supreme Court of the United "States, upon a suit
| brought upon a bond given by the petitioner in
j this case, that the duties whichwere enforced by
