1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
36tii Cons....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Barret.
Ho. op Reps.
Of this party, Mr. H. Winter Davis, the dis-
tinguished member from Maryland, and a candi-
date for the Vice Presidency in the Chicago con-
vention,spoke as follows, in this House, January
6, 1857:
" The Republican party was a hasty levy enrnasse of the
northern people to repel or levenge an intrusion by north-
ern votes alone. With its occasion it must pass away.
Within two years, Kansas must be a State of the Union.
She must be admitted with or without slavery, as her peo-
ple prefer. Beyond Kansas, there is no question that is
practically open. I speak to practical men. Slavery does
not exist in any other Territory; it is excluded by law from
several, and not likely to exist anywhere ; and the Repub-
lican party has nothing to do, and can do nothing. It has
no future. Why cumbers it the ground ?"
No, Mr. Speaker, a party organized under such
circumstances, composed of such materials, an-
nouncing such sentiments, fighting such battles,
must have an object far beyond the prevention of
slavery in a Territory where it can never exist.
Sir, the restriction of slavery in the Territories
is but one of the means. The great end to be ac-
complished is, as Mr. Lincoln says, the ultimate
extinction of slavery. At any rate, the South
fears that this is the objcct, and that the whole
power and patronage of the Government will be
used in its accomplishment; and moved by this
fear, and by actual wrongs, the cotton States,
exercising the right claimed by Massachusetts in
1814, and afterwards upon the annexation of
Texas, have thrown off their allegiance to this
Government and declared their independence.
It is not to be denied that the seceding States,
yea, the whole South, have b'een subjected to a
long train of abuses by the anti-slavery party.
An incessant war has been made upon them,
because slaveholders; their constitutional rights
have been denied them; their slaves constantly
interfered with; and laws made for their protec-
tion have been purposely obstructed; and now, it
would seem to be the purpose of this anti-slavery
Republican party, not only to destroy the value
of §4,000,000,000 worth of their property, but to
convert it into the means of their own destruc-
tion. In vain have they warned the northern
people against this unholy crusade; in vain have
they remonstrated against the obstruction of the
laws; in vain have they appealed to the generous
sympathies of their brethren, asking only for the
peaceful enjoyment of rights guarantied by the
Constitution. Their warnings, remonstrances,
and appeals, have been answered only with re-
peated miuries. Wrongs like these, if inflicted
by the Government, would be just cause for revo-
lution. Such grievances could only be redressed
by a resort to arms. But this Government has
done no wrong. There is no complaint against
the Government. On the contrary, all unite in
the opinion that it is the best form of government
ever instituted among men. The southern con-
federacy have adopted it; and now, after our dis-
memberment, it is the only; plan of government
upon which there is the slightest hope for a re-
construction.
But besides, the Government has provided a
mode of redressing the grievances which this sec-
tional minority has imposed upon the South. The
very election which raised a sectional President
into power, manifested the existence of a national
conservative element which insured a constitu-
tional check upon his administration, and Us cer-
tain termination at the end of four years._ An
opposition which, if united, could have defeated
that election, could surely have protected them-
selves, under the Constitution and in the Union,
against the aggressions of any sectional minority.
^Under these circumstances, 1 now enter my
solemn protest against the action of the seceding
States. It was, m my opinion, unwise and self-
ish, an irreparable injury to themselves, an act
of cruel injustice to the middle and border slave
States, and to the General Government,, and ot
gross ingratitude to a million and a half of gallant
men in the North, who have made every sacrifice
and dared every danger in support of the Consti-
tution and in defense of southern rights. Has it
ever recurred to our precipitate brethren of the
South that those northern friends, like themselves,
owe allegiance to their respective States, and that,
by secession, they leave a noble army of northern
conservatives, with all their valor and devotion,
to be swept down by the assaults of resistless
numbers, to rise no more forever? By this hasty
act, they have forced upon the border States the
fearful alternative of submission, on the one hand,
to a power which could at any moment override
all their rights; or rebellion, secession, and civil
war, on the other, which, in their exposed posi-
tion, would be their utter ruin. In my judgment,
such a respectable number of States, so vast in
extent, with a population so large, and an inter-
est so great, were entitled to some consideration
at the hands of those States for which, in all their
struggles against northern aggression, they had
been a cloud by day and a pillar of fire by ;iight.
But this disunion, while it may bring upon the
country the direst of all calamities, is a remedy
for no .evil, real or imaginary. It cannot render
slave property more secure, or in any manner
perpetuate it. It yields up forever the equal par-
ticipation in the Territories by the slave States,
while it furnishes no greater protection for sla-
very where it exists. In the Union, the South,
with a minority North, were stronger than even
a united South could possibly be out of the Union,
with or without arms. The cotton States should,
therefore, have remained in the Union. Then,
if this northern party—formerly Abolition, now
Republican—should attempt to reorganize the
Supreme Court, and make of it a machine to sus-
tain their bad morals and worse politics; if they
should fasten upon the Government the doctrine
of the higher law, and employ all its patronage
and power in an organized and dircct attack upon
slavery, then would we make war, not against
the Government, but against its enemies; then
might we fight, under the Constitution, against
those who would subvert it; fight for this beau-
tiful capital, hallowed in its very name, location,
and in all its associations; fight for the archives,
the flag, the honor of this great nation.
But, whether secession, disunion, revolution—
call it what you will—be right or wrong, is not
now the question. It exists;it is all around and
about us. It has shocked and unsettled every
department of the Government, and paralyzed
business in all its branches. Its baleful influence
has spread sorrow and gloom, disaster and desti-
tution, over the whole land.
The question nowis: what shall be done to re-
store peace, happiness, and prosperity? Who
can, who will save the country from the threat-
ened doom ?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] ap-
pealed to the border States to "arrest the tide,
which, but for them, would in a few days place
us in hostile array againsteach other." Believing
that the border States, free and slave, understood
practically this question of slavery, about which
the pestiferous States of South Carolina and Mas-
sachusetts only theorize, I took upon myself the
responsibility of calling those States together,
that they might counsel with each other.
The committee appointed by those States agreed
almost unanimously upon a plan of adjustment;
but when that plan was in substance proposed in
the House of Representatives, the gentleman and
his party voted unanimously against its considei a-
tion. At that time the border slave States occupied
a position for effective interference; but the rejec-
tion of a proposition so reasonable, so just, weak-
ened their confidence in their northern brethren.
And thaf confidence was not in the slightest re-
stored by the gentleman from Ohio, when, in a
speech " alternately gentle as the dews and as
boisterous as the thunder," he accompanies his
pleas for peace with a recommendation of war,
and meets nil propositions of conciliation with
promised adherence to the Chicago platform.
It is difficult to tell what these border States
will do. The elections lately held are no proper
indices of their intentions. Having large inter-
ests involved, they take time for consideration.
Although not consulted by the cotton States, they
choose to consult one another. But let the North
be assured of one thing: that those border States
are unanimous in the opinion that this is a proper
occasion for the settlement of this pest question
of slavery, now and forever.
But, sir, while I can speak for no other, 1 can
say but little even for my own State. Missouri
occupies the geographical center of this nation;
she lies in the very highway of civilization, ana
in the march of empire. She now contains a
white population equal to that of Florida, bourn
Carolina, Alabama, and Mississippi, combined;
and for herfuturegreatness she looks to the North,
to the South, to the East, and to the West. $ir,
Missouri was born of the Union; she was rocked
in the cradle of the Union; she has grown up>
lived, and prospered in the Union, ana she loves
the Union with unceasing devotion; but not a
Union of the North with a fragment of tjie So,uth,
but the Union as our fathers made it—a Union of
all the States in one grand and glorious Republic.
Thus situated, thus interested, Missouri claims
the right to criticise the conduct of sister States,
North and South. But, if the doctrine of coercion
obtain, and the attempt be made to whip the cot-
ton States into sei/government, then Missouri
will be found side by side with the other border
slave States in armed resistance. And I now say
to our northern friends, beware. And I say this
not ill a spirit of menace, but of solemn warning.
Long before the 6th of November, South Car-
olina declared that she would not submit to the
election of a sectional President. This was treated
as an idle threat; and the taunting reply was, that
South Carolina could not be kicked out of the
Union. When Congress assembled, and ,it be-
came evident that she would secede, and would,
most likely, he followed by all the other cotton
States, the country was suddenly awakened to
the real danger, and was at once convulsed with
fear. In the Senate, and in this House, commit-
tees were constituted, of able men, and the many
propositions looking to the safety of the country
were laid before them, but nothing of a practical
nature was accomplished. In the emergency,all
eyes are turned to the distinguished Senator from
New York, believing that he who had raised
could easily rule the storm. After many long
weeks of painful anxiety, that Senator comes for-
ward and coolly tells us that all this is nothing
more thanmight beexpectcd; that in two orthree
years, when the lightning-flash and the thunder-
clap have subsided into a perfect calm, he may
recommend something in the shape of a small
Franklin rod forthe protection of the people. Like
a physician called to see a patient, writhing, al-
most, with the agonies of death, he furnishes no
remedy for relief, but delivers a very learned lec-
ture on the subject of pathology in the sick room.
The danger increases; State after State goes out;
"The Union must and shall be preserved," is the
borrowed eloquence of every Republican orator.
The Governments disrupted, and civil war threat-
ens the destruction of thirty million people and to
cover the whole land with desolation. Our rulers
tell us that they wish to test the strength of the
Government; that they wish to see whether we
have any Government at all. Commerce is de-
stroyed, manufactures ruined, and business of all
kinds prostrated; until the people, the rightful
sovereign^ of the nation, the makers of the Gov-
ernment, and its rulers, are reduced by despera-
tion to the humble position of petitioners, and, by
thousandsand by tens of thousands, they earnestly
ask their own servants for concession, for com-
promise, for peace; to all which, they receive the
slighting reply that it is very likely that Mr. Lin-
coln will adhere to the Chicago platform. And
now, when the dreadful issue is forced upon us,
and the question is: " Union or no Union; Con-
stitution or no Constitution; Government or no
Government; country or no country;" the Pres-
ident elect says that " there is nothing wrong;"
that " nobody is hurt;" "keep cool;'' " there s
no crisis; and if there is,it is all artificial;" while
his Premier amuses himself and entertains the
Senate by spinning cunning rhetoric into point-.
less platitudes and useless generalities.
Republicans, I once more give you warning.
You have complete control of this Congress, and
in your hands rests the destiny of this nation.
Your Chicago platform is not a panacea for all
the ills which now afflict us. It was made in time
of peace and prosperity, and not in time of revo-
lution and adversity. It was intended only as a
basis of party action, and admirably adapted to
party ends." Wliatif jtshouldnowbe abandoned,
utterly destroyed? Your Greeleys, your Sew-
ards, your Giddingses, could easily make for you
another, and far better suited to the times. And
now let me remind you that the election of your
candidate for President was not the adoption of
your platform. The disruption of the Democratic
