834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
the United States ought not to have been enforced,
and ought not to be collected or retained. This
petitioner was an importer himself, and an agent
for other importers. A law was passed m 1820,
providing for the repayment of duties that had
been paid by importing merchants during the
period from April, 1814, to September, 1815; but
it so happened that the provisions of the act of
1820 were confined to those who resided at Cas-
tine, or who acted for merchants residing at Cas-
tine. Mr. Rice was not one of them. In 1824,
a law was reported to Congress, and passed, to
provide for the repayment of other parties inter-
ested, upon the ground that inasmuch as the Su-
preme Court had decided that these duties ought
not to have been imposed, the mere fact that the
persona who had paid the duties did not reside at
Castine ought not to prevent them from having
the benefit of that provision of law. The Supreme
Court unanimously decreed that no duties ought
to have been imposed. But by inadvertence the
name of Mr. Rice was omitted in this bill, and
he derived no benefit tiom its piovisions.
But in 1826 a hill was reported for the benefit
of Mr. Rice, and it was, I believe, under discus-
sion in the House when Congress adjourned upon
the 4th of March. Since that time to the pres-
ent, Mr. Rice has permitted the matter not to be
pressed, partly because he was at that time a
young man, in the full vigor of life, and felt that
it was better for him to pursue his own business,
and make more money, than to callupon the Gov-
ernment for a retvirn of the duties. I ought to
state that he gave four bonds—two of them he
paid, and two of them were put in suit subso-
. qucnily; and it was upon the bonds put in suit
tnat the Supreme Court of the United States de-
cided that the Government ought not to have im-
posed or collected the duties. This bill is for the
reimbursement to him of the amount of the two
bonds that he paid. Forty-live years ago this
money was paid into the Treasury. This bill only
asks for the principal; not a dollar of interest is
claimed, although gentlemen will see at once that
the United States have made three times the
amount of the principal in the interest upo:a the
money..
But, sir, 1 was going on to say that in 1826,
when the bill for the relief nf Mr. Riee failed to
pass, ho was pursuing his business as a young
and enterprising man. He now comes before
Congress over seventy-one years of age, and hav-
ing had the heavy hand of poverty laid upon him,
asking only that the Government shall pay back
to him in money, without interest, that which the
Attorney General and which the courts have said
ought not originally to have been called for from
him by the Government. Everybody else who
was similarly situated has been paid. Hestands
alone, the only man who is unpaid; and I earn-
estly and respectfully ask that now, at this late
day in his life, you will not refuse to give back to
him money which ought never, according to the
judgment of the court, to have been taken from
him.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a claim nearly fifty
years old. There is not money enough in the
Treasury to pay half of it, and I object to the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. Oh, I hope my friend will with-
draw that objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, sir, I withdraw it.
Mr. ELY. I renew the objection.
Mr. ELIOT. I trust not.
Mr. IULLINGER. I call for tho regular order
of business.
Mr. SPEAKER. Is the objection insisted on?
Mr. ELY. 1 withdraw the objection.
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that, dur-
ing the Thirty-First Congress, I think it was, I
had my attention called to this class of claims.
There may be some merit in this case; but I will
not consent to the passage of the bill in this shape.
If a bill is prepared with proper guards referring
this matter to the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to place Mr. Rice upon the same footing as
others who have formerly been paid, I will be
■willing to consider it; but in its present shape,
appropriating a specific sum of money, without
more information before me than I have now, I
must objcct to it.
Mr. ELIOT. I begleavo to say to the gentle-
man that I have here in my hand the two original
bonds which were paid by Rice and canceled.
They show that the amount of money contained
in this bill was paid by him then. I have all the
record information here, and am prepared to an-
swer any questions the gentleman may propound.
If the matter is referred to the accounting officers
of the Treasury, this must be the precise amount
allowed, because this is the exact amount paid
by him to the custom-house—the principal, with-
out any interest.
Mr. THOMAS. I do not doubt that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts believes this claim to
be just; but I must object to the passage of the
bill now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to this debate.
Tho SPEAKER. Debateisnotinorder. Does
the gentleman from Tennessee insist on his objec-
tion ?
Mr. THOMAS. I do, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I give notice that, if I can
get the floor on Monday, I will move a suspen-
sion of the lules m order to put the bill upon its
passage.
CHITTENDEN PROPOSITION.
Mr. BARR presented resolutions of the execu-
tive committee of tho workingmen of the city of
New Yoik, in favor of the adoption of the Crit-
tenden amendments, or some other adjustment of
our national difficulties; which were laid upon the
table.
Mr. KUNKEL presented seven or eight memo-
rials from the three western counties of Maryland,
praying the passage of the amendments to the
Constitution proposed by the resolutions of Mr.
Crittenden, and expressing the belief that then-
adoption by Congress will allay sectional strife
and restore peace and tranquillity to the whole
country; which were laid upon the table.
Mr. HALL presented a memorial of citizens
of Centre county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of the Crittenden proposition; which was
laid on the table.
WASHINGTON AND OREGON WAR DEBT.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the regu-
la lordcr of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports from committees
are in order.
Mr. STANTON,from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, Senate bill No. 11, to.provide
for the payment of expenses incurred by the
Territories of Washington and Oregon in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities therein, m the years
1855 and 1856; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to bo printed.
Mt. STOUT. I wish to enter a motion to re-
consider tho reference.
The motion was entered.
MUSICIANS AND SOLDIERS AT FORT SUMTER.
Mr. CURTIS, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 904) for the relief
of certain musicians and soldiers stationed at Fort
Sumter, in South Carolina, and asked that it be
put upon its passage.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the, sum of $1,150 to remunerate soldiers
and members of the band stationed at Fort Sum-
ter, South Carolina, for losses of private property
incurred m the removal from Fort Moultrie to
Fort Sumter, on the evening of 26th Deoember,
1860: to the band, $400; to company E, First Ar-
tillery, §500; and to company H, First Artillery,
$250; to be divided among the members of said
bands and said companies suffering losses, or the
heirs of such as may have died, according to the
award of the officers of said companies.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will al-
low the report to be read. This bill has been
recommended by a board of Army officers.
The report was read.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object to the consideration
of the bill.
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose an objection will not
avail, this bill being regularly leported from a
committee. I ask that the bill be put upon its
passage.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. It makes an ap-
propriation, and must go to a Committee of the
Whole House. j
Mr. CURTIS. That objection may be made. ;
Mr. BURNETT. That is the objection that !
I make. j
Mr. CURTIS. Very well; let it go to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and be ordered to be
printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CURTIS. I put in a motion to reconsider
the reference.
The motion was entered.
FRANCIS B. SCHAFFEK.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back a bill for the relief of
Captain Francis B. SchafFer, late a military store-
keeper in California, and asked unanimous con-
sent to have it put upon its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
PRINCE S. CROWELL.
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Prince S.
Crowcll; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
ISAAC II. METCALFE.
Mr. FOSTER,from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the reliefof Isaac H.
Metcalfe; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
REBECCA BREWER.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, pre-
sented an adverse report on the petition of Re-
becca Brewer; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed
SUSAN BAYARD.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Susan Bayard,
widow of A. W. W. Bayard, an invalid soldier of
the war of 1812; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. FENTON. This is a very meritorious
case, and I ask that it shall be put upon its pas-
sage.
The bill was read. It directs that the pension
heretofore granted by Congress to A. W. W.
Bayard, of Centre county, Pennsylvania, now
deceased, be continued to Susan Bayard, his
widow, during her natural life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; arid being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Tho latter metion was agreed to.
THOMAS II. BAIRD.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I desire to call up a bill
which I called up the day before yesterday. It
was objected to by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mi. Burnett ] He has since examined'the bill,
and is satisfied that he ought to withdraw his ob-
jection, and does so.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to it.
FRANCIS II. BURLEIGII.
Mr. STANTON. I have a joint resolution
which I omitted to report when tho Committee on
! Military Affairs was called. 1 ask leave to report
it now.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of Wai ami the Secietary
of the Navy be, and they are hereby, authonzed to purchase
such numbers of Fiancis II. Burleigh'*: dove-tailmg ma-
chine as may be required for use ill the armories and arse-
nalsof the United States, at the usual maiketprieo lorsuch
machine.
Mr. STANTON. I ask to have this joint res-
olution put upon its passage. I will simply state
to the House 
Mr. BARR. Oh, you cannot do that.
Mr. STANTON Why not; it makes no ap-
propriation.
Mr. BARR. It cannot be done under existing
law.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution cannot be considered.
Mr. STANTON. It is the regular call of the
committees, and makes no appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The difficulty is, that this is
not a private matter.
