250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23.,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Blair.
Ho. op Reps.
party, the dissatisfaction with the present Admin-
istration, and that restless spirit which always de-
sires change, contributed to your success in pro-
curing a plurality of the votes for your candidate,
while there was a majority of nearly a million
against your platform.
But you say the flag has been dishonored, the
Constitution violated, the Union endangered, the
Government defied; and you cry for war, and in-
voke the potential arm of Federal power to avenge
all wrongs and enforce obedience. You forget
that this is not aGovernmentof force. The Union,
so necessary to the establishment of the Govern-
ment, was founded in the affections, which are
stronger to bind a people together than any writ-
ten Constitutitjp orconfederatedauthority. While
this Government thus formed is all-powerful for
good, it is impotent for evil. It was made for com-
mon defense and general welfare; but the Consti-
tution does not provide for making war upon the
very power that gave the Government existence.
What if the misguided people of Charleston, in a
moment of precipitation and excitement, did open
a fire upon their portion of a common flag ? What
if they had blotted out the star which represents
their own State—South Carolina ? You now tol-
erate in your ranks hundreds of men who, but a
few years ago, marched under a flag with only
sixteen stars. YourVicePresidentelecthasmade
speeches under such a flag. Your respect for the
Constitution has greatly increased of late. It was
a distinguished Republican who, but a short time
ago, pronounced that Constitution the fountain of
all our evils. And for years your party has taught
obedience to the higher law, and not to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
But, all at once, you have become great lovers
of union. You abuse disunion .in others, while
you tolerate men in your ranks who were willing
to let the Union slide; men who have declared that
they considered the Union a lie, an imposture, a
covenant with death and an agreement with hell.
If you so love the Union, why will you not do
something to save it. Since there is no longer a
question in regard to slavery in the Territories,
the Republican party would have to fall back upon
its abolitionism but for this Union question. And
now, while they regard disunion as the bestmove
ever made towards abolition, they find it neces-
sary, for political effect, to pretend much devotion
to the Union. But the other day, one of the Re-
publican leaders said, " we can win on Union, but
we cannot win on compromise." Have wo come
to this? Our difficulties are not to be adjusted,
■the Union is not to be saved,becauso the party in
power wishes to convert the very distresses of the
country into political capital.
Sir, we have indeed fallen upon strange times.
But yesterday we were told that Governments
were instituted among men, deriving all their just
powers from the consent of the governed. That,
inasmuch as the negio had not given his assent
to this Government, his enslavement is a sin
against God, and a crime against man. Now,
this is a Government of force, of supreme power,
of which even the consent of the white man forms
no constituent element. But a short time ago we
were told by the Senator from New York that,
between free and slave labor, there was an irre-
pressible conflict; now ho says," that the differ-
out lorms of labor, if slavery was not perverted
to purposes of political ambition, need not con-
stitute any element of strife m the Confederacy."
JJut a short time ago wo were told that it was ne-
cessary to protect the Territories from slavery,
and to drive back the slave power which was
threatening the invasion even of the free States.
Now, says the great leader of the Republican
party, "there is no fear of slavery anywhere; and
the protection of the Territories from slavery has
ceased to be a practical question.
Gentlemen of the Republican party, this is 110
time for trifling; no time for diplomacy; no time
for promoting political dogmas, and advancing
partisan interests; no time for trying to preserve
doubtful political consistency. Questions of grave
moment force themselves upon you. Shall a sac-
rifice be made of our house, race, lineage, and
blood, for those of a strange clime ? Shall every
seven white men cut each other's throats for the
sake of one negro ? Will you disregard all ties
of consanguinity, and use all your endeavors to
ruin ten million of the noblest race on earth, under
the pretext of benefiting about one third that num-
ber of the most degraded ? Shall this free, glori-
ous, happy America throw away all her grand
achievements, and tear from her brow the wreath
of science, commerce, politics, and war, and no
longer stand forth the loveliest of all the nations?
Shall this model Republic, having no model on
earth, cease forever to be an example worthy of
study and imitation ? These are important ques-
tions, and you alone can decide them. As I have
before said, you hold in your hands the destiny
of this great nation.
The formation of the Union by the adoption ofthe
Constitution was celebrated with deep, 'jftssion-
ate enthusiasm throughout the original colonies.
" 'Tis done, we have become a nation," was the
exultant boast of the whole people. And that was
but the dawn ofthe day which promised glory and
happiness to all our America. A few months ago
that day was at noontide, and we in the full reali-
zation of all its blessed promises. If now, in our*
calamity, the same spirit of concession, compro-
mise, and patriotism, which formed the Union,
should secure its preservation and its establish-
ment for all time as the palladium of our political
safety and prosperity, and if that proud bird of
liberty should once more take his night, bearing
the sacred motto of " E Pluribus Unum," in let-
ters of ever-living light, the whole earth would be
illuminated with joy and gladness. The loud shout
of a freeman's exultation would break from the
deep forests of Maine, and mingle with the har-
monious strains of gratitude wafted over the golden
plains of California. Thirteen infant colonies re-
joiced over the birth of this nation; thirty-four
grown up States, empires within themselves, with
their thirty million people, will rise up in one
grand, national jubilee over its preservation. But
if, in spite of all appeals, and regardless of all ob-
ligations, partisan feeling and small politics shall
overrule concession, compromise, patriotism, be
assured that whole columns of curses, rising from
the bosoms of an agonized and outraged people,
will ascend to Heaven against those would not
save, as against those who would destroy, a na-
tion's happiness, a nation's prosperity.
Mr. Speaker, there are many propositions in
the hands of this committee of thirty-three which
would restore peace to this country, and I have
done all in my humble power to secure their adop-
tion. I have had the honor of being taunted by
men from the North, and men from the South, as
a Union-saver. Would that it were in my power,
by a word, by a vote, by any act, by any sacrifice,
to save this beautiful and holy house of our
fathers; and that I could thus win this proud title,
which, though bestowed in derision, is a title
worth dying for; worth having lived for.
STATE OF TIIE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. BLAIR,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
February 23, 18G1.
The House having untlin consideration the report from
the select committee of tliirty-tliree—
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. Speaker: There seems to me a strange
anomaly in our politics. In the clashing opin-
ions of these troublous times, all of every shade
of political sentiment appear to unite in the praise
ofthe Governmentof the United States: with one
consent its structure is pronounced to be better
adapted to the spirit of our people, than any that
couid be devised. This is the testimony which
an experience of three quarters of a century bears
to the wisdom of its framers, ami which we have
been accirstomed to expect would be strengthened
as years increase. It secures the largest share of
personal liberty, consistent with public order, to
all within the sphere of its operations; and al-
though abuses do creep into its administration,
yet, they will be certain, sooner or later, to yield
to the corrective forces of our free institutions.
But while these cncomiums are on the lips of all
alike, we find that one party, in open rebellion
against its authority, is organized to destroy it by
force of arms; another seeks to change its consti-
tution; and yet a third threatens to revolt, unless
it shall be altered to suit their views; while a
fourth, in opposition to all, demand its preserva-
tion and perpetuity as our fathers made it. The
enemies of the Government, bold, cunning, and
impetuous, have usurped the powers of the peo-
ple in six of the States, with organizations ex
tending into others, and embracing within its cir-
cle men into whose hands the most sacred public
trusts have been committed by their confiding
countrymen. They have, by force, and by the
basest treachery that ever stained the earth, be-
come possessed of forts and other property of the
nation, purchased at a cost of over seven million
dollars, for the common defense of all. They have
taken our guns and turned their fire on the flag of
thenation,thusfar, with perfect impunity. In the
face of these dire events, what a spectacle do we
present to the world ? Will the generations that
are to succeed Us believe that at such a time we
sat out a whole winter with these guns still pointed
at us, trying how far we might go to comply with
the demands of traitors, and what new securities
we might devise for the protection and spread of
human bondage ?
Sir, when we came here in December, I hoped
to see the patriots of the North and South stand-
ing together in firm concord, and uniting their
counsels for the preservation of the Union in its
integrity. I thought they might all agree to pro-
vide whatsoever legislation mightbe deemed need-
ful for the prompt and vigorous execution of the
laws; and was prepared, and am still prepared, to
forget all the irritations of mere partisanship, and
join hands with every man willing to avow his
unqualified devotion to the country. And that
was the desire which prevailed among those with
whom I am politically associated. Animated by
this hope, I need not say that I was pained when
the honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo-
teler] introduced his resolution changing the
accustomed order of procedure by referring that
portion of the President's message touching the
troubles in South Carolina and other States, to
a select committee of thirty-three. I desired
that Congress should appeal to the people for the
maintenance of the Constitution and the laws,
which were threatened by malcontents with de-
struction, and thought that, however well meant
his endeavor, the result would be hurtful to the
harmony of the country. I have seen nothing in
subsequent events to change my opinion. If we
had voted down the resolution and all others of
like character—and the Union men were strong
enough for that—we would have had before the
public mind the naked issue, Union or Disunion;
you would have almost instantly aroused from
its profoundest depths the Union sentiment, in the
hearts of the people—the real hidden strength of
the nation. To meet any great crisis like this, it
is essential that the public spirit should be called
forth; but following in the footsteps of the Ad-
ministration, which was without policy, without
unity, struck with the paralysis of wavering res-
olution, and "distracted by fears and timorous
doubts, we failed in that important work.
A new issue has been made up—a false and
distracting one; not union or disunion; but new
guarantees to slavery or disunion. From that day,
slavery has seemed almost to keep court within
the temple of the nation: where, from far and
near, men have come to do her the reverence of
right loyal liegemen. The public mind has been
taught to entertain the fatal hope that some vague
thing, called compromise, is to do the woi'k which
loyal hearts stood ready to accomplish. Propo-
sitions of great diversity inform, but all, or nearly
all, looking to the national recognition of slavery,
were showered upon us for many days; and the
gentlemen from the disaffected States on the com-
mittee, as we are informed, after it had been de-
termined that slavery should not have a roving
commission over Mexico and Central America,
refused further official intercourse with their col-
leagues; who, themselves divided and distracted,
have presented a number of reports, 110 one of
which, it appears, had the sanction of the ma-
jority. Thus ii is, sir, that in this gieat effort to
win over the enemies of the Union, we have suc-
ceeded only in distracting its friends.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that we have not
yetgrappled with the living issue that is before us;
we have been telling the people that this question
