1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
36th Gong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Bbes,
of disunion, of anarchy, must be looked squarely
in the face; and yetthe House and the Senate and
the Administration have, up to within one week
of our adjournment, been looking at it askance,
casting at it butan occasional,furtiveglance, while
we amuse ourselves in the endeavor to reopen a
discussion already exhausted and irrevocably
closed by the solemn verdict of the people. Sir,
the only question that any man can ask this day
is: shall the will of a majority, according- to the
formsoftheConstitution.besuccessfully thwarted
byanorganized conspiracy in the minority? The
problem which is uppermost in the minds of the
people, all experience shows, must be first solved,
before they will direct their attention to other less
interesting investigations. It is a law—which, if
but obeyed, wili lead to success—to seize first upon
the greatest good that is within our reach, and to
combat first the greatest evil that encounters our
progress.
The people are at this time more deeply con-"
cerned in establishing the fact before the nations
of the world that the Government of the United
States is a real living power on the earth, than in
adjusting the details of policy. It is no time now
to be higgling with the demands of faction in the
State, when faction has drawn the sword against
the State itself. Faction must be put down.
Treason must first be subdued before its pretexts
can be safely considered. We cannot dally with
it but at the peril of the nation's honor, which is
the nation's life. It asserts the principle that the
people of any one State may, in the exercise of a
right springing £'om the Constitution, at any time,
with cause or without cause, withdraw from the
Union, absolve themselves from all obedience to
its laws, and erect in our midst a foreign inde-
pendent government, such as they may choose to
adopt, whether it be a republic, a constitutional
monarchy, or an absolute despotism. If this be
true, then, however mortifying and humiliating
to our national pride, however destructive of all
our claims to the respect and confidence of en-
lightened nations, we must bow to the necessity
of acknowledging it with becoming grace. Bitter
as may be the cup, we cannot pass it from us, but
must drink it to the dregs. We must quietly give
up every fort and arsenal in the seceding States,
take down the stars and stripes, and salute with
respect the palmetto, the pelican, and the rattle-
snake. -If secession is constitutional, then, sir,
we are bound,yea, bound by our oaths, to recog-
nize these States as foreign sovereignties as fully
as we recognize the sovereignty of England or of
France; our future intercourse with them must
be regulated by treaties and the law of nations.
But, sir, if there is no such right, we cannot, we
dare not, recognize it, or even seem to recognize
it, however slightly or obliquely. The Constitu-
tion and the laws must beenforced.
The right of secession is a political theory of
modern growth. It looks upon the Constitution
as but a league or compact between independent
States, and that the Government which it estab-
lishes is but an agent of the several States in-
trusted with the execution of certain powers, which
may be revoked and annulled by any State, as
the interest, convenience, or whims of its people
may determine; and that, after such revocation,
the State resumes its original independent sover-
eignty. Its first fundamental error is, that the
States composing this Confederacy ever were in
possession of separate independent sovereignty.
When South Carolina sent her delegates to Con-
gress, she was still a colony of Great Britain,
never having assumed to exercise the high pow-
ers of a sovereign; and her delegates, like the dele-
gates of all the other colonies, met only to consult
for the public safety, but found the pressure of
events so strong that they were of necessity com-
pelled, as united colonies, to assume the powers
of a sovereign nation. It was as united colonies
that sovereignty was assumed, by which they
were able to vindicate the independence of the Uni-
ted States. This league, or Confederacy, though
itself declared to be perpetual, not being a Gov-
ernment which operated on the people directly,
but upon the States, gave place to the Constitu-
tion, which established a Government, not a
league. It. was established by the people, in pre-
cisely the same way that they established^ their
State governments; and in all matters confided to
its jurisdiction by the Constitution, it claims the
obedience of the citizen m the same way that the
State constitution claims his obedience in all mat-
ters within the jurisdiction of the State. Each
government is supreme within its own sphere; so
that neither can absolve the citizen from his obli-
gations to the other. The sacred instrument it-
self declares its character as a Constitution for the
people of the United States. It was not ordained
by the deputies of sovereign States, as is pro-
fessed by the Montgomery constitution. It was
ratified by the people, not by a single act of all,
but at different times, by those of the several
States; but the fact that it operates upon the peo-
ple m the several States no more lessens its force
as a Government for the whole people, than does
the division of the people of a State into county
and township organizations detract from the ob-
ligation of the citizens of each of them to obey
the State constitution.
We do not claim, as the secessionists charge,
that the Government of the United States is an
unlimited sovereignty. Such a thing has no ex-
istence, either in State or Federal government;
indeed, the very secret of our power is found in
the distribution of sovereignty, of that portion of
it which concerns the general welfare; such as
war, commerce, treaties, alliances, to the Federal
Government; that which more intimately affects
the social system, to the State governments. From
the foundation of the Government till recently,
the idea was never entertained that our Constitu-
tion was but a league of States. About the first
resolution that was adopted by the convention
which formed it, declated (i that a national Gov-
ernment ought to be established, consisting of a
supreme legislature, judiciary, and executive,"
and that resolution was fully carried out in the
great work of the convention. A national Gov-
ernment was formed, and it is for us to say
whether it shall be preserved, or whether it shall
go down, ignominiously, at the bidding of South
Carolina and her confederates. It is for us to say
whether its foundation is on a rock, or on sand
or stubble. Its supremacy must be preserved by
a firm, temperate, and just execution of the laws
in every portion of the country. It must not bo
enervated, and thereby dishonored, by the faintest
actual or implied recognition of this heresy of
secession.
But others tell us that the only effectual way
to preserve the Government is by a compromise.
Now, there are thousands of people who tell us to
compromise, who seem to attach no definite idea
to the word. When reminded that Congress can
only execute its powers by the enactment of laws
for the remedy of evils, without telling us what
particular line of action we should take, in breath-
less anxiety they advise us to "do something."
Nobody seems to know what particular " some-
thing " it is wise to do. The country is actually
in a panic. Some persons, alarmed by unusual
events, without waiting to take counsel of reason,
would madly rush on almost any extraordinary
course; they knownotand care not. We all remem-
ber how, last winter, the whole country was panic-
stricken by John Brown's lawless invasion at
Harper's Ferry; or, rather, how it was seized upon
by desperate politicians to alarm the fears of the
people; and although it would have been pun-
ished by the ordinary operation of legal proceed-
ings, yet, under the influence of panic, extraor-
dinary measures were resorted to, which all now
admit to have been unwise, and which, ultimately,
cost the State of Virginia more money to watch
Brown, at Charlestown, than it cost the British
Government, for the same length of time, to watch
Napoleon on the Island of St. Helena. These
extraordinary movements, aided by the fierce
attacks in Congress on the Republican party, as
being responsible, produced such a state of alarm
in the country that, everywhere, the Union meet-
ings called on the Republicans to disband their
organizations and " do something " for the salva-
tion of the Union. But, sir, instead of yielding
to the clamors of panic, the Republicans, in the
strength which conscious rectitude imparts, pro-
ceeded to the proper business of legislation and
convinced the country that a party which, stand-
ing nobly by its principles, was able to govern
itself, was fit, likewise, to govern the country. We
simply let the panic die out; we did nothing, and
our fidelity to principle has been rewarded -by the
confidence of the country, whicii has giyen us
the administration of the Government. And now,
again, a mad and foolish panic is diligently nour*-
ished, under which six States—from South Caro-
lina to Louisiana—have been forced out of .the
Union b.y the same alarmists. Has the world,
Mr. Speaker, ever witnessed such an exhibition
of mad and wicked folly? :
Some of these States, since the origin of the
Government, and all of them since their organi-
zation into State governments, have quietly en*
joyed the advantages of a Union, to which they
are indebted for whatever of consequence they
possess, and yet in an hour of unreasoning mad-
ness, have leveled the forces of destruction against
that Union itself.
They seize upon its public buildings, upon its
treasure in the mint, and appropriate to their own
uses the hospital which the benevolence of the
Government had dedicated to its disabled seamen.
Montesquieu has a chapter of three lines in his
Spirit of Laws, to illustrate his idea of despotic
power.' He tells us—
" When the savages of Louisiana are desirous of fruit,
they cut the tree to the rootand gather the fruit; this is an
emblem of despotic government."
While the illustration does justice to the selfish-
ness of despotism, which regards the ruler as the
State and the people as the subjects of his abso-
lute will, it reminds us, in the' ltght of the events
I have mentioned, that many of the more enlight-
ened successors of the aboriginals of Louisiana
have not much improved either on the wisdom or
humanity of their predecessors. Do they, with
any reason, expect to gather and long to enjoy
the fruits of Union—independence, security, and
strength—by destroying the tree which bears
them? No, sir. All men everywhere pronounce
them mad. They have been hurried by their
leaders into excesses and troubles for which there
is but one remedy under heaven, and which, if
we will only be equal to our duty and possess our
hearts in patience., will certainly be applied; and
that is, the expulsion of the conspiring leaders
from power by the slow but certain return of the
people to reason and reflection. Sir, the men who
deliberately sacrifice the public order to their selC-
ish ambition, will in turn become the victims of
the very disorders which they have brought about.
If history has its logic, it has its avenging justice
too.
But shall the Government do nothing ? Well,
sir, I think there is one branch of the Govern-
ment has been already used to do a good deal.
Heads of Departments, sworn to maintain the
Constitution and the laws of the United States,
have openly and secretly used the opportunities of
ollice for the overthrow of the country. Disgrace-
ful engagements have been made with men in arms
against the Government, to leave the strongholds
of the country in a defenseless condition. Inas-
much, however, as confidence in the integrity of
that arm of the Government has been much im-
proved of late, let us hope that the future will
show it to be well founded. But shall not Con-
gress enact some laws relative to slavery, which
can be called a compromise, with these men, in
order to bring them back to the Union ? Bring them
back! Sir, they are not outof the Union. Their
paper resolves are nullities; and when you thus
recognize South Carolina and otherStatesas out oi
the Union, you admit that its laws have no force
within their limits; and by an inevitable conse-
quence, you are forced to justify the seizure of the
forts and arsenals. If South Carolina is out of
the Union, she had a right, by the law of nations,
to seize them, and to fire upon the American flag.
Contrive as you please to devise compromises for
what you call reconstruction, and as a condition
precedent to them all, you are confronted with
this humiliating concession which you are forced
tomake—that South Carolina rightfully disgraced
your flag, and that she may do so again at any
future time. Sir, in this hour of peril I turn a
willing ear to the voices of departed patriots. I
listen submissively to one of the wisest, greatest,
and noblest of men. When South Carolina re-
belled, in 1833, because she disliked the tariff
laws, John duincy Adams, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, in his report, says:
"The -subscribers believe, therefor^, that tw gt'Mmd us-
