2§2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
sumed by the South Carolina convention for usurping the
sovereign and limitless power of the people of that State,
to dictate the laws of the Union, and prostrate the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial authority of the United States,
ts as destitute of foundation as the foryis and substance of
th«ir proceedings are arrogant, overbearing, tyrannical, and
oppressive. They believe that one particle of compromise
with that usurped power, or of concession to its pretensions,
would be a heavy calamity to the people of the whole Union,
and to none more than to the people of South Carolina them-
selves. That such concessions by Congress would be a dere-
liction of their highest duties to the country, and directly
lead to the final and inevitable dissolution of the Union.
With the usurpations of the South Carolina convention,
there can be no possible compromise. They must conquer,
or they must fall."
• Oh, that the statesmen of that day had all been
true to the principles of Mr. Adams's report and
General Jackson's proclamation, and had con-
suited the future of the Republic rather than their
temporary quiet. But it is useless to speculate on
what might have followed a different policy. A
compromise-free-trade tariff was passed to bring
back South Carolina, that finally bankrupted both
the Government and the people; and she was
taught that rebellion was a wise policy to main-
tain her supremacy in the Union. That compro-
mise has brought us unmixed evil; but I hope that
patience and fortitude will enable us now to avoid
the mistake which was then made; for I do be-
lieve that, if you bring her back by a slavery
compromise, she will, before six months, rebel
against the specific duties of the pending tariff
bill if it should become a law. What does all this
talk about compromise amount to ? It is simply
this: slavery is thought to be somewhat weaker
now than formerly, and the bargain proposed is:
if wc will give our solemn pledge to strengthen
and perpetuate it, we will be paid for the wear
and tear of principle by the return of the " con-
federates" into the Union, with the right to leave
it again whenever they- please.
But the majority of those who urge concession,
admit that the cotton States having assumed an
open attitude of rebellion against the Constitution
and the laws, compromise with them is inadmissi-
ble without dishonor*, yet, unless concession be
made to the border slaveholding States, the same
causes which operated to drive off the former,
will, in a very short time, produce like results in
the latter.
But if a compromise to bring back the seceded
States is inadmissible, because it would amount
to a recognition of the doctrine of secession, docs
not the same objection apply to a compromise
made in obedience to a threat of secession? If
one is dishonorable, is not the other equally so?
There is scarcely anything within the compass of
our powers to do, not involving a sacrifice of prin-
ciple, that the noble Union men of these States,
or the crushed and subdued Union men in the
seceded States, would ask, to which I would not
be inclined to respond as a brother. I know their
heroism mid their fortitude, and the dashing gal-
lantry with which they have swept the field against
haughty insolent and arrogance, which thought
to crush them at a blow. But hearts so noble as
theirs, will not, and cannot, insist that we should
sacrifice our convictions of duty to the country in
this time of its trial. Rather than do this, I be-
lieve, they will buckle on their armor afresh, and
march to the higher and the final conflict. The
strength which their victory over immediate dis-
union has imparted to them, will bring within
their power its more insidious, and therefore more
dangerous, enemy—conditional secession. They
have had their ovation; let them arise to their
triumph. In my judgment,'any measures of com-
promise, passed to bring back to their allegiance
that portion of the people in the Gulf States who
have usurped sovereign powers, or in obedience
to a threatof alike usurpation in the borderStates,
is a concession, notto the patriots of those States,
but to the usurpers themselves, by which they
will be enabled to return to power. It looks to me
very like compounding a felony.
But, sir, what is it that is demanded of us ? I
notice that the President has preferred the charge
that the people of the North have, by their presses,
then* pulpits, and other avenues of approach to
the public mind, spoken evil of slavery, and that
pictorial representations unfavorable to it have
been scattered over the country. Now, Mr.
"Speaker, as to the pictures, I have heard that a
long time ago they were sent into the southern
States. I think that, as the President has always
been a swift witness for slavery, his antiquarian
researches into the forgotten events of the past,
that he might bring forth some apology or excuse
for treason, is calculated to excite rather our cu-
riosity than our surprise. There may have been
pictures—they are not unusual weapons of war-
fare in moral or political encounters—I cannot tell
how much the President himself may be indebted
to their instrumentality in the canvass of 1856.
They were extensively used by Granville Sharp
and Clarkson,in their severe contests with slavery
in England, and even the good La Fayette, afraid
to trust the cause of freedom alone to the elo-
quence of Mirabeau, lest its sacredness might be
sullied by the ambition of the orator, distributed
five hundred pictures himself among the members
of the French Assembly; and a copy of that pic-
ture is the only one of the kind that I have ever
seen in my life, and that came from Mr. Jeffer-
son's library. I do, therefore, truly think that a
revolution must indeed be " artificial," which in-
cludes among the evils to be remedied a grievance
like this.
We are told, however, by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Simms,] that even if we should
adopt every proposition for adjustment yet made,
yet, hnless we would " put down" all publica-
tions and all speeches at the North against sla-
very, there can be no Union. We are not told
how we are to put them down. I suppose it would
perhaps be agreeable to return to the old Spanish
policy of subjecting every manuscript of book or
pamphlet to a board of licensers before publica-
tion, and allow nothing to be printed and read
but what they approve by their mark; somewhat
in the same way that leatherand othercommodi-
ties are admitted to the market by the official board
of the inspectors. But, Mr. Speaker, whether a
censorship of the press, or a system of pains and
penalties, be desired, if the constitutional guaran-
tee of its freedom must be destroyed as a sacrifice
for the Union; it will never be done. It underlies
our whole system of constitutional liberty, and
may be said almost to compose it.
It is further charged that the Republican party
design to abolish shivciy in the States where it
cxist9, and that we must therefore consent to an
amendment to the Constitution, putting it ex-
pressly out of the power of Congress. The Con-
stitution ought not to be altered, except for the
gravest reasons, much less to meet an evil that
has no existence. The charge that the Repub-
lican party claims such a power, or intends to
usurp it, is untrue. Upon this point 1 believe
there has been no diversity of sentiment worth
naming since the foundation of the Government.
The Quakers at a very early day, perhaps at the
first session of Congress, petitioned on the sub-
ject, and the committee to whom the subject was
referred reported that the States had not delegated
the power to Congress. And from that day to
this no public man has ever held a different doc-
trine. 1 have never known a Republican who did
not consider an attempt by Congress to interfere
with it in the States, as a usurpation to be resisted.
Congress has no more power over the subject of
slavery in the States than it has over the State
laws relating to the descent of lands, or any other
State institution. We have said so in our plat-
forms, our addresses to the people, and in our
votes given here unanimously at this session on
the following resolution:
"Resolved, That neithei Congress nor the people or gov-
ernment of any non-sUiveholdmg State has the constitu-
tional right 'o legislate upon, oi interfere with, slavery in
any slaveholding State In th« Union."
Now, I know, sir, that the enemies of the Re-
publican party have charged us as holding the
opposite view; and since we have beaten them,
they insist that we shall transfer that portion of
our platform into the Constitution. They know
we will live up to our pledges,and therefore fear
that the people who have been deceived by their
misrepresentations will very naturally conclude
that they are notto be believed hereafter. They
cannot have my vote to help them outof that diffi-
culty. The South has every security in the Consti-
tution already, without the proposed amendment;
and if reasonable, will be satisfied. Wo have done
everything that men can do to remove apprehen-
sions on this point. An Athenian embassaador,
in treaty with the Lacedaemonians, after many
propositions had been considered, said: " There
can be but one bond and security that will bind
us. You must show that we have sq much in
our hands that you cannothurtus if you would."
You have that bond and security. If we were
even disposed to hurt you, there stands the Con-
stitution, under which you can shield yourselves
forever. Why, then, did the committee report a
remedy for an evil which can only have a place
in the wildest fancy. With regard to slavery in
the District of Columbia, where Congress has the
unquestionable power to abolish it, they say that,
inasmuch as no one proposes to interfere with it,
they deem it useless to report any amendment.
Now, I think it not quite consistent in the com-
mittee to refuse an amendment where it is possi-
ble to interfere with slavery, on the ground that
nobody proposes so to do, and at the same time
to bring in an amendment to provide against not
-only what no one proposes to do, but what, if de-
sired, it is impossible to do.
But gentlemen tell us that demagogues in the
South, by persistently misrepresenting our pur-
poses to the people, have brought them to believe
that it is truly our purpose to abolish slavery. I
am bound to suppose that the opponents of this
class of politicians in the South have always
known these representations to be untrue. They
have had our votes solemnly recorded, our con-
vention resolves, and all the evidence which any
man capable of thinking could ask. I must pre-
sume, likewise, that they have carefully,and with
the earnestness of sincere men, brought this evi-
dence to the notice of the people? so that, where
ever the poison of falsehood has been scattered,
the antidote, truth, has followed. Now, if the
friends of truth have done their whole duty in
this respect, to the southern people, I would be
very sorry to suppose that a majority of them
continue to believe a falsehood. It would be evi-
dence to my mind that they would not believe
though one rose from the dead, and that they
were given over to an utter inability to see the
truth, though it blazed around them as the light
of the sun at mid day. If an amendment to the Con-
stitution could be carried, it would not open their
eyes; for the demagogues would tell them, as they
tell them now, that we care nothing about the
Constitution, and we only amended it to blind
them, that we might the more easily accomplish
our purposes; and if it should be lost in any four
States, and consequently not adopted, then they
would aver the evidence of the design they charge
upon us to be conclusive. Let us not, I entreat,
then, permit a rash hand to be laid upon the ark
of our safety, lest for the error we may be smit-
ten with greater evils than we design to cure.
Another proposition is before us, which was
first brought forward under the auspicious name
of the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, and
called a compromise, a mutual yielding for the
sake of peace. What does it offer to freedom on
the one hand, and to slavery on the other? The
offer is to revive the Missouri line of 36° 30', and
extend it to California, and to exclude slavery
from all territory north of the line, and to protect
and secure it in all territory south, " now owned
or which maybe hereafter acquired " by the Uni-
ted States; and this astounding proposition is to
be incorporated in the Constitution as an amend-
ment, to become the supreme law of the land,high
above all Congresses, courts, and Territorial Le-
gislatures. A superficial glance at it might lead
one to suppose that it contains a concession to
freedom. The Territory, however, which it pro-
poses thus to consecrate,is already free. Kansas,
the first fruits of the bloody strife between free-
dom and slavery, inaugurated by the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, has already been welcomed
into the councils of the Union. She is free by her
patience, her sufferings, her endurance, and by
the valor of her sons. Had she gone down under
the victorious heel of slavery, not only her doom
was scaled, but that of every rood of national
Territory to the north and west of her limits. But
the same tide of free emigration which gave her
the population needful for a State, has"peopled
Nebraska, already organized, and Dakota, with
her sister Territories, yet awaiting organizations
from this Congress. And these are the Territo-
ries which the Crittenden amendment magnam-
