254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
36ra Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
to be entertained by many that the Republican
party designed to change the relation of master
and slave in the States; everybody knew that,
but then how much better did*we know it after
he' had spoken of it > Sir, if this proposed consti-
tutional amendment shall be proposed for adop-
tion by the States, it will provoke an agitation on
the subject of slavery which will cast into the
shade all that has gone before it. Every State,
county, and town in the land will be filled with it;
the moral, political, and social aspect of slavery
wilt be the theme of every tongue; the storma of
1820, 1836, 1850, and 1854, will be but as the gen-
tle strains of a lullaby compared with the howlings
of the tempest. And then for the result. If it
should be rejected by more than one fourth of the
States, as it would be, the same influences now at
wdrk on the disruption of the Union, if quieted
by this measure until that time, would be revived
•with tenfold more power for mischief. But if,
perchance, it should be adopted, what then ? Does
not everybody know that, as the Constitution
now stands, it is everywhere in the North sus-
tained because it is a free Constitution, so that
no man can justly gay he is responsible at the bar
of conscience for the bondage of "any human being
in a slave State? But let such a provision once
go into the Constitution, and the people realize
the fact that the independence of these United
States—which, as Mr. Jefferson said, was won,
not for our rights as American citizens only, but
for the rights of human nature—has been per-
verted to the open and avowed sanction of chat-
tel slavery, and I think I see clearly enough you
would not have peace. The northern conscience
wotAd feci a burden from which it is now exempt,
and a direction would bo given to political organi-
zations that would unquestionably end in the final
destruction of the Government. You now talk of
destroying the Government on a supposed point
of honor; a pointof etiquette. Do you suppose a
point of conscience would be less likely to breed
discontent?
X have a word to say of what is called the bor-
der State proposition, and others of a like char-
acter. It proposes that when, in any sixty thou-
sand square miles of territory, south of the line
36° 30', there shall be found a population equal to
the number required for a Representative in the
House of Representatives, itKhali be admitted as
a State, with or without slavery, as its constitu-
tion at the time of its application for admission
shall determine; but that, in the mean time, nei-
ther Congress nor a Territorial Legislature shall
legislate so as to abolish or prohibit slavery. This
project is bottomed on an assumption that slavery
has a constitutional right in the Territories. It
assumes what is without warrant in any line or
word of the Constitution, and in opposition to
the whole current of legislative and judicial au-
thority of the Government from 1787 till a very
recent period, that whenever we acquire territory,
and before its admission as a State into the Union,
a slaveholder may take his slaves within its
bounds, and there hold them or sell them, without
any law specially giving him such licence. There
is, in principle, no real difference between this
■reposition and that which I have just considered.
t declares the statvs of the Territory to be fhnt
of slavery; and that, being a declaration by law,
is substantially an enactment establishing it. Al-
though it does not in terms provide for the enact-
ment of a code of laws giving protection to slavery,
yet, if you concede its lawful existence in the
Territory, the mere absence of a provision fur its
protection does not, with me, render the propo-
sition more acceptable; becausc, if you establish,
by the supreme law of the land, the right to take
slaves and hold them in the Territory, the right
to protection follows as a legal consequence, and
the refusal to provide it would furnish just cause
of complaint.
The proposition is objectionable for another
reason: that while it in terms applies to the Ter-
ritory south of the line 36° 30', yet inasmuch as
it is put forward as involving a just principle of
compromise, it requires no prophet to see that fui-
ther acquisitions of territory in that direction
will only renew the present disturbances, and as
the agitators will claim their settlement on like
terms, we will easily persuade ourselves that the
principle of what was esteemed a settlement tn
?i
1861, might with fairness be applied to all such
additions to oar domain to the southward.
It is said that New Mexico has already estab-
lished slavery by a territorial law, and we are
therefore only invited to recognize an existing
fact; we all know, sir, that the law was cnacted at
the request of a member of this House by outside
influences, such as sought to introduce it into
Kansas; but if the fact were otherwise, I deny the
right of a few people in New Mexico, or any
number of people in any Territory, to make a
slave of any man. They may Ijave the mere brute
force to accomplish it, but they are without the
right; and so long as I have a seat here", they
shall have no such permission by any vote of
mine. And, sir, in support of this view, I voted
last year to repeal the obnoxious laws of New
Mexico, by which not only the slavery of black
men but of white men is secured. We reserved
the right to repeal her laws in her organic act, and
I will not consent to yield that right. 1 cannot
do it except at the expense of principle.
The proposition to admit New Mexico as a
State, is not acceptable to me for many reasons.
If she were here to-day asking admission as a State,
I would vote against her, whether she came with
a free or a slave constitution. Why is she to be
thrust into the Union? She has never asked for
admission, and there has been no petition for an
enabling act. Her population is confessedly in-
sufficient, as all accounts that I have as yet seen
have not placed her population of American citi-
zens beyond seven hundred; while Mexicans, half-
breeds,and all,do notamount to more than sixty
thousand. It seems to me very unjust to the old
States to admit into the Union a State without
population enough to entitle her to a member of
Congress, and yet give her one member of the
House and two Senators. But that objection has
increased weight when the population has so re-
cently been citizens of a foreign nation, and there-
fore without that training in the principles of our
Constitution which fits our people, wherever they
may be thrown,for the responsibilities of free gov-
ernment. A great body of her people, we learn,
are Mexican peons—white slaves—men who have
I been sold to pay their debts. I think it would be
| better to await the progress of these people to a
j point where men are better thought of. The in-
; troduction of this peculiar institution" will not
£0 far to allay the trouble which springs from the
other " peculiar institution "—the perpetual fount-
ain of bitterness and strife; and therefore, I feel
disposed to retain the Territory in apprenticeship
yet a while longer. The object is to remove a bone
of contention, 1 do not believe that one man m
a hundred has had his thoughts upon New Mex-
ico from the very beginning of these troubles.
The real trouble, from the beginning, has been
the offices. A leading secessionist of the Senate,
a day or two since, declared that, if Lincoln and
Hamlin would resign, the troubles would end.
That, sir, is the true secret of our mischiuf. It is
not the bare dry bone of New Mexico; but the fat
pastures, where the Democracy have browsed,
are the objects of solicitude to those of them who
rebel against the will of the people.
The gentleman from Vngmta [Mr. G\rntett]
has thought that it was the true policy of Virginia
to secede, because he supposes in her present
connection she would hold a subordinate place,
whilst she would take the lead in a southern con-
!' federaey. Has Virginia any special policy she
| can expect to promote theie thutshe cannot here;
I, or is it even supposed that she will shape the
i course of the present confederate States? She
j hardly prepareaheiself to lead m a confederacy by
| following others. South Cnrolinagoes out because
! she cannot lead the mighty Confederacy of thirty-
i four States; and it is difficult to be supposed that
j! she will be content to follow in one of seven or
;| eight. She will have her own way; and, not-
'1 withstanding it js the present policy to conceal it,
ii one of those ways is a highway to Africa, over
!; whose bloody track men and women shall be torn
;i from their homes, and they, and their children
Jj after them, consigned to bondage. For that expe-
j. dition 1 see their sails spread, with the Palmetto
boldly emblazoned on the escutcheon; while in
i its corner, scarce legible, "Sic semper tyrannis"
' will tell you how Virginia will have fallen.
Sir, I believe there is too mueh home-bred
sense in the border States to give up the advant-
ages of our fathers' Union, even if it should in-
crease the chances for Presidencies, Cabinets, and
foreign ministers; and your action, one way orthe
other, with regard to New Mexico, will scarcely
be thought of by them. So far as what is called
the occasion of this strife—our territorial policy-
is concerned, I see its removal without a resort
to the legislation proposed. I see it in the ordi-
nary legislation for the Territories. All those
which we have yet to organize will undoubtedly
be free, and we will consent to organize them
without any provision respecting slavery; I would
not introduce, needlessly, a cause of complaint,
however groundless, into those territorial bills.
Without standing on a ceremony, we have already
organized Colorado in that way. Let us do like-
wise with the rest; and then every community
within our jurisdiction will be organized. So that,
unless we acquire more territory, we ma'y hope
to be at peace, so long as the Federal Govern-
ment does not, by its officials, seek to force it on
the people. And danger from that source has
been averted by the election of Mr. Lincoln. Rest
assured that our troubles have their root in that
ambition which seeks to alarm the fears of a sens-
itive interest, and thereby consolidate it for par-
tisan purposes. The men who have used slavery
for their selfish purposes have been disarmed of
much of their power for mischief; and those of
the people of the two sections who have been es-
tranged will return to their ancient friendship.
Mr. Speaker, I have necessarily omitted many
reasons which constrain me to vote against these
measures; and in so acting, I am sensible of no
influence,except from a sincere desire for the wel-
fare of all the States of this Union, A different
coursc might secure the approval of friends whose
favor I esteem, but I could not secure my own
approval. It might shield me against reproaches
from others, which, while I might regret them, I
know, nevertheless, how to bear them; but I could
not fly from self-reproach, which no man can
bear.
I cannot tell what troubles may be in store for
our country if we, by timid counsels, yield to the
madness of the times. Wecannot see faroutinto
the future; for Heaven, m mercy, has vailed it
from our view, and when we try to pierce it, the
imagination is apt to rove, and conjecture, to for-
get all bounds. But I believe history will write
of these things in the roll of her book; she will
spread it before the nations, and they will read
therein our lamentations and our woes. But let
us have a mild, just, yet firm, administration of
the Government, and this chaos will give place to
order, the wildness of anarchy will be subdued by
the pressure of law, and the people, unburdened
of their fears, will be glad as isone awakened from
a dream full of dangers to the assurance that it
was but a dream.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. STEWART,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 19, 1861.
The Tlou^e having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, said:
Mr. Speaker: If I wetc to consult my own in-
clination, I should content myself with giving a
silent expression of my opinion by a vote, when
the question shall come up for final action, upon
the report of the committee of thirty-three; but
it may be supposed, and correctly, that, repre-
senting an enlightened constituency, as I do, they
have a right to expect that I should give, briefly,
the views which will control my action upon the
resolutions presented by the committee of thirty-
three. That committee, composed of one Repre-
sentative from each State of the Union, have pre-
sented to this body fourdiftcrcntreports, according
to the various views of the members of the com-
mittee. This being the fact, it is manifest that
there is not a majority of that committee repre-
senting the opinions of a majority of the people
of these United States upon the subject referred
to them.
