1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
fugitive slave law wo did not recognize the right
of each man, upon his own responsibility, to nul-
lify arid resist its execution or to question its con-
stitutionality. We understand perfectly well that
that question is to be tested by the judicial tribu-
nals; and I hold it to be the duty of every good
citizen to acquiesce in the judgment of such tribu-
nal, whatever it may be, until it shall be reversed
by a higher tribunal. That is the position of the
Republican party of Ohio.
But, sir, I am told that I voted for a judge who
held this fugitive slave law to be unconstitutional.
I certainly did so vote, and I certainly shall always
vote for a judge with strict reference to his integ-
rity and his capacity, without considering the ques-
tion as to whether I concur with him upon every
decision he makes upon the bench or not. I will
not take special demurrers upon the stump. I will
not inquire whether each specific decision he has
made was l ight or wrong, because I never knew
a judge in all of whose opinions 1 concurred. I
therefore supported the judge to whom the gentle-
man refers because of my confidence in his abil-
ity and in his integrity. It is true, he decided
that Congress had no power to pass any law for
the recapture of fugitive slaves. In that decision
I do not concur. I hold the question to be con-
cluded by the practice of the Government for the
last sixty years. If it were an original question
I should concur with him; but I am one of those
who believe that something ought to be settled,
and that the uniformly settled practice of the
Government for three generations is sufficient.
This being a question of that sort—a question that
has been so settled—I would acquiesce in it. Judge
Brinkerhoff decided otherwise. But that was no
reason why I should not vote for him. He was
a better lawyer than his opponent; he was, in my
judgment, a mo re'honest man, and a man in every
way betterqualified;nnd therefore I voted for him,
and my colleague can make the most of it.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. My colleague from Oluo [Mr. Stan-
ton] steps m advance of my colleague from the
Ashtabula district, [Mr. Hutciiins.] to shield liim.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all.
Mi. COX. Yes, sir; for he knows very well
he is not as obnoxious, in the respect to which I
referred,as the gentleman from the Ashtabula dis-
trict. The gentleman makes a sort of defense for
his support of Judge BrinkerhofT. Now, sir, I have
some respect for the gentleman from the Ashta-
bula district, [Mr. Hutchins,] because he believes
what he says, and will stand up, under all circum-
stances, for the doctrines of his party. He de-
fends Judge Brinkeihoff even in respect to the nulli-
fication of the fugitive slave law; but the other
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] says, " oh,
no! I donotdefend Judge Brinkerholf's nullifica-
tion doctrine, but I voted for hioi, because 1 am
for ar, independent judiciary." Well, sir, I do not
take issue with him upon that point as to the in-
dependence of the judiciary; but I do take issue
with him when he claims that such independence
should be sustained when it becomes nullification.
It may become those who think like myself; but
it does not become gentlemen who voted for this
judge to find fault with southern men, because they
have nullified the Federal authority, when, by the
confession of my colleague before the nation to-
day, he, and two hundred and twelve thousand
other Ohio Republicans, voted for a chief justice
of that. State on the question being made whether
or not the Constitution of the country should
stand. He voted, by his own confession, for a
judge who had, in so far as he could, nullified that
'Constitution.
That judge had decided that "the decision of
the United States court on these questions should
settle nothing," and my colleague voted for him.
He declared "against the omnipotence of the
Federal power" with respect to these very ques-
tions fixed in the Constitution; and my learned
colleague justified that judge by his vote, by his ac-
tion, and by the action of his whole party. lie did
this on the direct issue being made and understood,
from one end of the State to the other. Though
he did not agree with his decision, yet he sus-
tained the unjust judge. I would also vote for a
judge, though I diffeied from him on a matter
'involving dollais, or a horse, or a contiact, or
something of that nature. But I will pause when
his decision is subversive ot order, law, author-
ity, and the Constitution. When the Constitu-
tion of the country is at stake; when southern
States are convulsed by the action of northern
Slates violative of confederative faith; when this
very question is mooted from one end of the coun-
try to the other; then, for a great party to meet in
convention, repudiate a law of Congress declared
to be constitutional by the supreme judicial tri-
bunal, and justify, by nominating, the man who
had nullified it, is it not monstrous? Then for
such men to come here and claim to support the
Constitution and the Union! Why, sir, with
some it may be ignorance; with others inconsist-
ency; with the rest hypocrisy; but with all trea-
son! I shall leave to my colleagues their choice
of these classifications. What have they done
but broken down the Constitution by insidious
sapping and mining—almost as bad, if not worse
than the bold, open, lebcllious breaches of the
laws of the United States, suelias we unhappily
see in our extreme southern States?
[Here the hammer fell.]
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SPAULDING. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The committee of conference on the disa-
greeing votes between the two Houses on the
deficiency bill have, after full and free conference,
been unable to agree. The disagreement was par-
ticularly on the'Senate amendment appropriating
§300,000 to theChiriqui ImprovementCompany,
and the Senate amendment granting extra com-
pensation for the Kickapoo land office. It is un-
derstood the Senate will ask for another commit-
tee of confidence.
And then, on motion of Mr. GROW, (at four
o'clock and twenty minutes, p. ni.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February II, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. J. J. Bullock, D. D., of Lex-
ington, Kentucky.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
GEORGE H. GIDDINGS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take' up a private
bill.
Mr. BIGLER. We must get in our memo-
rials first.
Mr. WADE. I understand it is all right; and
I do it because 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) It is the duty ol the Chair to re-
ceive memorials first.
Mr. WADE. I suppose I can move to post-
pone them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can move to postpone the prior order of busi-
ness. '
Mr. WADE. I will state to the Senate that
Mr. Hamilton, of Texas, of the House of Rep-
resentatives, has this little bill in charge, and he is
obliged to go away, and he wants it passed before
he goes. It will take but a moment, 1 presume.
I understand it is all right. It is a joint resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives (No. G2) for
the benefit of GeoigeH. Giddings, for services in
carrying the mails.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Are petitions in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has moved to postpone the prior order
of business, for the purpose of taking up the joint
resolution indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, in faver of the Union, the
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all
the laws; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memoiial of
E. A. H. Adams, Geoige W. Thompson, and
ThomasH. Gieen, praying that authority may be
given to the Secretary of the Navy to adjust and
settle charges for boarding and attendance of three
men, attached to the navy-yard at Washington,
who were injured by the bursting of a cannon on
the 14th July, 1859; wluch was referred to tie1
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PF.AR.CE presented the memorial of C.
B. Norton, praying that an appropriation may
be made for the purchase of certain manuscripts
for the use of the library of Congress and the
State Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. BIGLER presented the proceedings of a
Union mass meeting of the citizens of Venango
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the compro-
mise measures proposed by Mr. Crittenden;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the proceedings of a meeting
of Democrats and othercitizensofChester county,
Pennsylvania, held on the 28th January, 1861, in
favor of the compromise measures proposed by
Mr. Crittenden; which were ordered to lie on
the tabic.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying for the adoption of the com-
promise measures proposed by Mr. Crittenden;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WIGFALL. I present the memorial of W.
C. Jewett, favoring the patriotic motives prompt-
ing the Crittendeii-Bigler resolutions, but opposed
to petitions favoring them, as calculated to mis-
lead the people (amendments to the Constitution
not being required) and showing the remedy—an
entire change of representation, and power to
elect. It was handed to me with the request that
it be presented; and, as it has a Union-saving
tendency, I present it, and leave it to the Senate
to dispose of" it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie on
the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of citizens
of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the Con-
stitution as it is, and the enforcement of all the
laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented apetition of Isaac W.
Griffith, register of the land office of Fort Des
Moines, Iowa, praying for the reimbursement of
money paid for cleric hire; which was referred to
the Committee on Public lands.
Mr CRITTENDEN. I rise again, Mr, Pres-
ident, to discharge the agreeable duty of present-
ing to the Senate various petitions praying for the
settlement of the great national troubles which
now impend overthe country, on the basis of the
resolutions which I have offered, or something
similar to them.
The first is a petition from citizens of Newbury-
port, Massachusetts. I desire to have it read. It
is a petition very numerously signed.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the honorable Senate and. House of Representatives in
Congress assembled: Tile undersigned citizens of Newbury-
poit, willing their views to be correctly presented, take
tins occasion and this means of saying, that they feel that
the unity of the country, which involves the highest indi-
vidual and public interests, the business prosperity of the
peopif, the freedom of the nation, our honor as a Confed-
eracy abioad, and the progress of republican liberty in the
world, is in imminent pent; and they would therefore
respectfully pray that you may, as speedily as possible, pasa
the compiomisc resolutions of Senator Crittenden, or
some others embodying such principles as will satisfy the
substantial and conservative masses of the people North
and South, and thus atiay the present excitement, and allow
the nation' to move forward m that path of greatness and
power which, as a united people, is marked out for it in
the fuluir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. From a part of the
Union very remote from that, has come another
petition, which I beg leave to present to the Sen-
ate, from citizens of the State of Missouri, accom-
panied by a flag of the old Union—one that may
last forever, I hope.
I have another memorial from the citizens of
Clay county, in the State of Missouri, and two
others from the same State and county; another
from citizens of Attleborough, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts; another from citizens of the county of
Clay, ill the State of Missouri ;and the proceedings
of a public meeting held in the city of Charles-
town, Massachusetts, adopting resolutions pray-
ing for the settlement and adjustment of these dif-
ficulties, and to the same effect as the petitions.
They desire them to be laid before the Senate.
The memorials were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BIGLER. S present a memorial of citi-
zens of Montgomery county, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, who represent that thus far Congress
has failed, and it is apparent to your petitioners
that it is unable or unwilling, to agree upon an ad-
justment of the present difficulties surrounding
our country, and they earnestly pray Congress
to pass an act enabling the people, at the ballot-
box, to express their wishes for a settlement of
our national troubles; either by submitting, for
their approval or disapproval, a plan of compro-
mise, or by the resignation of the membera of the
