840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
present Congress, and thus give their constituents
an opportunity to fill the vacancies with Congress-
men who will respond to the wishes of the peo-
ple that a speedy settlement may be agreed upon,
that bloodshed and disruption of the Confederacy
may be averted, and our beloved Union main-
tained. I move that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
'Mr. BIGLER. I present a memorial of citi-
zens of the United States in reference to the pres-
ent calamities of the country, in which, among
other things, they set forth that they beg leave to
remind Congress that if action be not taken on
the plan of compromise submitted by Mr. Crit-
tenden, or some other plan be not adopted
promptly, we shall be involved in civil war. I
move that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I also present fifty-two memo-
rials, of like character, signed by citizens of the
county of Chester, State of Pennsylvania, bear-
ing the signatures of twenty-two hundred and
sixty-five persons. I ask that one of these memo-
rials be read.
Mr. GREEN. I object to the reading.
Mr. BIGLER. It is signed by a great many
people.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate, whether the
paper shall be read.
Mr. GREEN. I object to the reading; because
it is not according to the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reading the memorial.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is there any rule of the
Senate against the reading of a petition?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule re-
quires that, if the reading of a paper is objected
to, the Chair shall submit the question to the
Senate, and the majority shall determine.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is that applicable to
petitions, which arc regulated by the Constitution
of the United States, in declaring that the right of
petition shall not be abridged > What is the right
of petition ? Not to have their petition heard > I
respectfully suggest that the Constitution of the
United States makes a rule on this subject, and
that neither the Senate nor anybody else can vio-
late it; but I submit to the Cluur whether it is not
a constitutional right of the people to have their
petition read. I say it is. I do not wish to oc-
cupy the time of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question, and Jinn the Senator can
appeal, if he thinks proper. The uniform prac-
tice of the Senate is, where the reading of a paper
is objected to, that the Chair shall submit the
question to the Senate. The Chair understands
the Senator from Kentucky as objecting to his
decision in tins case.
Mr. GREEN. There is no appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Rut the vote
is not yet decided.
Mr. GRKF.N. I umleistand that.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to say one word 
Mr. GREEN. I'ut I have the floor, and I
desire to say my word first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GREEN. The rule to which the Chair
alludes is with reference to a collateral paper re-
ferring to business pending before the Senate.
This is a memorial or petition; and the rule ex-
pressly says its purpott shall be stated by the
member who presents it, and that is the end of it.
It is not in order to read it. Out of courtesy to
States, when State Legislatures pass resolutions,
they are read and printed; but any others are
never read. When business is pending, and the
reading is called for of a paper relating to busi-
ness pending before the Senate, and that paper is
in the possession of the Senate, then the Chair
would be tight; but not in this case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the Chair is in conformity with the established
usage and practice of the Senate for the last sixty
years.
Mr. GREEN. It is not according to the rule,
nevertheless.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman pro-
nounces very emphatically that petitions are never
read. Sir, it is very idle to enter into any con-
troversy of mere asseverations here. My under-
standing is, that they are often read. For con-
venience, it is commonly the case that the person
presenting them does not desire it, and it is more
frequently the case, therefore, that they are not
read. But it is not a rule of the Senate that they
shall not be read—far from it. The gentleman
misapprehends entirely the rule which he reads.
The mover of a petition is required to state the
purport of it, and the petition must be in respect-
ful language,in order that the Senate may have a
general understanding of it; and that shall be done,
says the rule. That is preliminary to the present-
ation of the petition; but he who supposes that
that was intended as a substitute for the reading
of the petition, entirely misapprehends the rule.
You want to know beforehand what is the subject
upon which persons are petitioning; it may bo one
with which wo have nothing to do; and hence a
statement is required.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a point of order. There
is no appeal taken. I do not appeal; the Senator
from Kentucky agrees with the Chair; therefore
there is nothing open to debate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am entitled to the
floor.
,The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky has the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I make that point, that it is not
open to debate. There is no appeal pending.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator has no
right to interrupt me, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the rule, if the Senator from Kentucky
will allow it, under which the Chair has acted.
The Secretary read the 14th rule, as follows:
" 14. When the leading of u p-ipcr is called ibi, and the
same is obji'rled to by any member, it shall he determined
by a vote of the Senate, and without debate."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That, the gentleman
and 1 understand alike.
Mr. FITCH. That is not the rule which
covers proceedings of this ease; it is rule 24. The
Senator from Missouri is clearly wrong.
Mr. BIGLER. Undoubtedly he is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read that rule.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"\M. After the Journal is read, the President shall first
call tor petitions and thou tbi icports liom ^landing coin
nnttee?- ; and evoiy petition, 01 menumal, or orbci papet,
idiall bo icteried or' ooiin1, without putting a question for
that purpose, unless theroteieuee ^objected to by a mem-
ber at the tune -nek petition, memoiial, 01 other paper is
piCM'nU'd. And beloreany petition or memorial, addicted
to the Senate, shall lie leeeived and read at the table,
whcihei the tamo r-li.ili be intioduoed by the Pie-ident 01
meinbet, a hurt -statement of the contents oi the petition 01
niemoiMl .-ball vmbailj be made by the mttoducer.'5
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It exactly establishes
what 1 hove said, and 1 hnve nota word irion? to
say. Before presenting it at the table, the person
pie.scntmg itshall state the subStanceof it, so that
it is in respectful language.. That is the general
parliamentary rule.
Air. HlGLL£ll. f desire to say, as theie seems
to be Homo ex< itement on this snbjcct 
Air. GREEN. I use to a point of order. I
want to know what is? the question before the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate in this: the Senator from Penn-
sylvania submits to the Seriate a petition, or a
memorial, and asks that it be read. The reading
of it is objected to  
Mr. HIGLER. By the Senator from Missouri.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
submits that question to the Senate.
Air. GREEN. Nobody excepts to that at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That question
is not debatable.
Air. GREEN. Nobody excepts to it. It is
not debatable; and whv not take the vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether the paper shall be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How long is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. About five or
six lines.
Air. BIGLER. Not more than ten lines any-
how. It could have been read long ago.
The motion to read the petition was agreed, to;
and the Secretary road it, as follows:
To the. Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
The memot iai of the subscribers, citizens of the county of
Chonej,aod tftate of Penn?\ivani.i, lespectfully t-howeth :
Tli.it m common with their fellow citizens, feeling deeply
concerned in the present cusis of the nation, for the con-
tinued peace and unity of the country, and ever anxious to
promote the common interests and happiness of all our peo-
ple, they debire to s>peak words of peace, and to urge most
earnestly and unitedly the imperative necessity for patriotic
and prompt action, and for mutual concession and compro-
mise, without reference to party or party platforms—waiv-
ing all minor questions, and sinking every consideration in
the cause of Union, and the restoration of peace to our
nation and fraternal love to the hearts of our people.
Your memorialists therefore humbly, hut earnestly, pray,
that Congress may speedily adopt, for the settlement of our
national difficulties, such measures as are substantially em-
braced m the plan of compromise submitted in the Senate
of the United States by Senator Crittenden, believing that
propositions so just to all sections of the Union will restore
tranquillity and lasting peace to the whole country.
Mr. HALE and others. Read the names.
Mr. GREEN. Oh, no.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let us have them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Do Senators
insist on the reading of the names ?
Mr. HALE and Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the further
reading be dispensed with. *
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The reading of
the names is objected to, and the Senator from
Rhode Island moves that the further reading of
the paper be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to; and the memorial
was ordered to lie on the table.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the Indian
appropriation bill was passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator vote with the majority?
Mr. GREEN. I voted with the majority, in
order to make thiv motion. I do not ask the con-
sideration of it now; I simply want it entered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 435) to refund to the Territory of
Utah the expenses incurred in suppressing Indian
hostilities, in the year 1853, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred House bill No. 943, to pro-
vide for bringing up the arrearages of work in the
land office at Oiympia,in Washington Territory,
have instructed me to report it back, with a rec-
ommendation that it pass; and I also request the
Senate to puss it now. It is in pursuance of a
recommendation from the Department,and appro-
priates the sum of $3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill ?
Mr. BIGLER. I object. Let us proceed with
business regularly.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
858J granting a pension to Rufus L. Harvey, re-
ported it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 654) granting a
pension to Thomas Booth, reported it without
amendment, and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Susan E. Gordon, widow of George Fisher, de-
ceased, praying for the passage of such measures
as may be necessary to execute the joint resolu-
tion of the 1st of June, I860, have instructed me
to ask that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs. The Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs have before them a joint
resolution of the House of Representatives, repeal-
ing the resolution to which this relates; and we
suppose the whole subject ought to be beforethat
committee.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 828) for the relief of Amanda Batts, Laura
P. W. Young, and Betsey Murdock, heirs of Bar-
bara Walker, reported it without amendment.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 583) for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Jean A. B. Dauterive, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
