1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2Sf
36xii Cons. ... 2d Sess.
Force Bill—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. of Reps.
than the one to which I have referred. I desire
to refer gentlemen to the second section of that
act, which rends:
"That whenever the laws of the UnitPd States shall be
opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed in any State,
by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the ordi-
nary courbd of judicial piuccediiis:*, or by the powers vested
in the ]nar«lialf« by thw act, it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States, to call forth the militia of such
State, or of any otbei State or States, as may be necessaiy
to suppress -such combination?, and to cause the laws to
be duly executed; and the use of militia so to be called
forth may be continued, if necessary, until the expiration
of thirty days after the commencement of the then next
session of Congress."
Noiv, Mr. Speaker, that is not all. In 1807 an
act was passed enlarging still further the powers
of the President of the United States to suppress
insurrection or obstruction to the execution of
the laws. I read from that act:
li That in all eases of insurrection or obstruction of the
laws, either of the United States or of anv individual State
or Territory, where it is lawful tor the'President of the
United States? to call forth the militia ioi the purpose of
fruppiessing&uch in^uneetion, or of causing the laws to be
duly executed, it siia'l be lawful for him to emj>loyrfoi the
same purpo-e?, Mich part of the land and naval lorce ot the
Umt«d Status as shall be judsp'd necessary, having fiist
observed all the pierequisites of the law in that respect."
While I affirm that it is perfectly manifest that,
under the Constitution of the United States, the
right of secession has no existence, and can have
no existence; while 1 affirm that the right of rev-
olution may exist; yet, sir, in this case, 1 deny
that there is a soiitary-'fact upon which to rest for
the justification of either. I affirm as distinctly,
that the power of the national Government, with-
out the passage of the hill of my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] that the power conferred upon j
the President by law is amply sufficient to enforce [
every provision of the Constitution, and the laws ;
enacted under i', where they are obstructed by ;
any State or any people. The construction which :
has been given to the law was given to it at a '
time when this Administration—at least, some !
members of it—were engaged in' the plot to de-
stroy the Government. At least three of the mem- j
bers of the Cabinet, who have held their offices j
for three years and a half, or nearly four yeais j
past, as we have conclusive evidence contem- >
plated a destruction of this Government after they j
found that they iiad failed to elect their favorite i
candidate for the Piesident. Ileie we find that 1
they had misled the Piesident; that they had de- i
coned him. We find that they removed muni-!
tions of war from the North to the South. They j
had been preparing for the pin pose of consum- j
mating the infamy which has more recently de- j
velopcd itself. Why, Mr. Speaker, one of the i
members of the Cabinet, at the time he was hold- |
ing office, and under the obbaatiuns of an oath to 1
uphold the Constitution of the United States, ac- !
ceptod the office of commissioner, and went into !
an adjoining State for the purpose of inducing it |
to join itself in the ranks of the rebellious States. :
> Tliere is no Government strong enough to resist [
the plotting of treason by the very men who are I
administering it. j;
Now, sir, while these are unquestionably the j
true doctrines in regard to this subject, yet I con- j
ceive that it is not imperative upon the national i
Government to exercise all the power it possesses. :
It is a question of great impoitance and for giave :j
consideration. Rashness in a crisis like this ,
approximates crime. Everyman here, under the :
high and solemn obligations resting upon hitu, j
should act with great deiibeiation. 1 say that no j
calamity can befall a people so awful as that of j
civil war. Famine and pestilence aie not so de- ;
structivc of human, life and human happiness. .
Therefore, sir, although this national Govern- 1
ment has the power—now has the power, and if j
it had been faithfully and energetically exerted ,
by the President of the United States at the time
the rebellion began, we would have been saved
terrible mortification and disasters winch now per- j
vade this fair land. We have the power, but shall j
we exert it? 1 say, not rashly, out with caution i
and deiibeiation. i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has |
expired. !
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM obtained ihe floor. !
Mr STEWART, of Pennsylvania, i hope j
the House will give me five minutes to conclude I
what I have to say. I
New Series No. 17.
The request was unanimously granted.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I am will-
ing to agree that any fair proposition shall be sub-
mitted to the people: but I am not willing to touch
the present Constitution. It is a Constitution that
possesses all the powers which are necessary to
govern people who are well inclined, and not
treasonably disposed. It is a Constitution under
which we have flourished. No other people have
enjoyed the great amount of happtness that we
have under this Constitution and the Government.
I am not willing, therefore, Mr. Speaker, to
change the structure of our Government. I am not
willing to engage in an untried experiment upon
this fair fabric of government. I am not willing
to subject it to chance or caprice. If there be any
fair proposition to submit to the people that will
not subvert the great principles of the Constitu-
tion, let it be submitted. I will not object. But,
sir, I am not willing to abandon principle; I am
not willing that this Constitution shall be changed
in its essential features; I am not willing that the
doctrine shall be reversed, to read that slavery is
a national institution and freedom is local. I can-
not consent to this. I would be reversing the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States.
I would be reversing the decisions of the highest
tribunals in the slave States. For, sir, 1 assei t it
as a fact, that in every State where slavery exists,
the rulings of their supreme courts have been that
slavery was a local institution, dependent for pro-
tection, support, and maintenance upon municipal
law. I know that the Constitution contains cer-
tain guarantees. It contains the guarantee of the
right to pursue and recover a fugitive slave; but
beyond that, it contains nothing which national-
izes the institution of human slavery
Mr. Speaker, so far as I am concerned, I be-
lieve that this tcriitoiial question is, so far as it
affects the southern States, an abstraction. There
can be no territory to be affected south of the line
of 36° 30', und none north of it which can be made
suitable for slave occupancy.
Mr. BRANCH. With the permission of the
gentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, I will interrupthim
a moment. I have waited until he has finished
the point before I mteirupted h>m.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman states that
this whole question of slavery in the Territories
is an abstraction; and I wish to ask him whether
he is willing to break up this Union on an abstrac-
tion; whether he would refuse to vote for an
amendment of the Constitution going to put sla-
very in the Territories upon such a footing as
would save this Union, when he himself declares
it is all an abstraction ?
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I answer :
with pleasure. There is no territory south of
36° 30', in which slavery does not now exist.
Mr. BRANCH. Do I undeistand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to say that he is willing
that slavery shall be protected south of 3G° 30 , j
rather than this Union shall be broken up? j
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. Thegen- j
tleman misunderstood me. I am willing to let ;
the subject remain where it is. There is no ter- ;
ntory south of that line to be occupied by free j
labor. We do not care to go to it; we do not |
claim it. 1
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman says that he ;
is willing to let the whole question remain where i
it is. Do 1 undeistand the gentleman from Peiin- (
sylvama to be willing to let the question remain '
where the decision of the Supreme Court has ■
placed it 3 i
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I will say :
this, for I Wish to be frank, that 1 do not con- ;
sider any decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States as politically binding. In that, I :
hold to the doctrine of Mr. Jefferson and of Gen- j
era I Jackson. I believe, sir, that their doctrine <
is right. Mr. Jefferson denied the binding effi- ;
cacy of the decision of the Supreme Court, i emh'i- ,
ing constitutional ths. sedition law pas>ed by the
Fedei ahsts. Geneial .Ta< kson denied the binding '
effect upon the eooidmale bianclus of tin* Gov- <
eminent of the Supi-env Court of the United ,
State s, m deciding the eonst nationality of the re- '
charter of the United Slates Bank. 1 combat that j
doctrine, and say that the Supreme Court was not 1
i established for the purpose of prtfrmilgatingpolit-
i ical dogmas. I hold that the decisions of the Su-
; preme Court are conclusive upon all thefactscon-
tained in the record, and that they bind all parties
and privies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. With the
permission of the gentleman from Ohio, I desire to
ask the gentleman from North Carolina whether
he will consent to a dissolution of the Union on
account of an abstraction?
Mr. BRANCH. I have not said it was an
abstraction. I do not think it is an abstraction.
I think it is a vital and important constitutional
right of the section to which I belong. If I be-
lieved it an abstraction, as does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania^ I would say unhesitatingly
that I never would break up this Union upon an
abstraction. It was the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and not I, that said it was an abstraction.
' I and my constituents, and the inhabitants of the
j States in that section of the Union, do hot regard
I it as an abstraction. We think it not only esseti*
I tial to our prosperity, but to our honor, because
| it is one of the rights which we think is guaran-
j tied to us by the Constitution,and if we yield that
( right, we do not know when we may be called
J upon to yield any other of our rights.
| Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. Does the
i gentleman believe that slavery will ever go into
i New Mexico, and be profitable there?
j Mr. BRANCH. I do notknoworcare whether
j it will go there. _ All I care for is, that, inasmuch
| as I know this is one of the rights guarantied to
me and my constituents by the Constitution, if
we wish to go there, we shall not be prevented by
the action of the General Government from going
there.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] mis-
understands the sense in which I used the teim
"abstraction." 1 intended to convey the idea
that this whole question, so far as if bore upon
slaveholding interests, was a raere "abstraction,"
as there is no territory upon which the claimed
right can be made to produce any practical re-
sult. In this sense, I used the term; and in this
sense it is the merest "abstraction."
FORCE BTLL.
SPEECH OF HON. II. C. BURNETT,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
Febnumj 26,1861.
| The bill to authorize the President to call out the mili-
tary force of the country, and to accept of volunteers in
; certain cases, being under consideration—
! Mr. BURNETT said:
i Mr. Speaker: It is not my purpose to enter
upon a discussion of the details of this bill. I re-
] gret to say, as was said by the gentleman fiom
, Virginia, [Mr. Puyor,] that I am persuaded the
; passage of this bill is a foregone conclusion. In-
deed, from the moment of its introduction by the
I member from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] I havcenter-
( tamed no doubt it was the intention of the dom-
inant party to pass it, and that nothing but the
1 momentous consequences to the country which
its passage must involve, deterred that party fiom
, a resort to the previous question, which stiflesall
; debate. It would then have been passed without
I being printed, nnd without an opportunity to mem-
i beis on this side of the House to examine its pro-
1 \isions. It might have been as well thus if the
party which is in a majority here had the nerve to
, consummate the system ot rule which this bill
; proposes to inaugurate. The steps of unlicensed
1 power should always be stealthy, and as secret as
' possible
I Mr. Speakei,in my opinion, this bill proposes
; what is tantamount to a declaration of war. The
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] says this cry
| of war constitutes the whole stock in trade of this
side of the Chamber; for that war, war, has been
[ the refrain of every speech made from the benches
i on this side; yet I think I can prove, e\en to him,
! if he will attend, that there is more of fact tlmji
