1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
three of these governors, which had been urged
upon the Department. They made their reports;
and I find in the report made by Chief Engineers
Hunt, Whipple, and Stewart,that it was tried on
board the Pocahontas, and operated with great
precision, and relieved it from all danger nf what
is called racing. By that, engines are frequently
broken, and then the vessel is left at the mercy of
the waves. The operation of it is so simple and
so instantaneous that it seems as if it answered
the whole purpose desired; and they state:
" An engine supplied with Mr. Sargeant's governor can
be easily and quickly regulated to any desired speed, by
simply opening or shutting a small valve which admits
steam to the oscillating cylinder. For an engine of one
thousand horse power, a valve not over three quaiters of an
inch or one inch in diameter would be sufficient, and can
be opened or shut with the thumb and finger as easily a^
shutting off a gas-light. Indeed, so sensitive is the mstiu-
mcnt that the main engine can be stopped instantly by clos-
ing this small valve "
Besides trying it on the Pocahontas, the re-
port states:
" It was iried on the saw-mill engine, where we had the
chance of suddenly throwing on and off the load of two saw
gates; and *>o quick was the governor in its operation, that
there was no peiccptible cheek or increase in the &peedof
the engine, which is a condition we have never been able
to obtain from the be&t ball-governor ever used in this
yard."
They give their opinion that it is the best of all
that has been submitted to engineers for examina-
tion. .We thought, under these circumstances,
it was well enough to make the appropriation.
There are about thirty-seven steam-engines iu the
Navy, and the cost of the part of the engines which
is independent of the boilers is nearly two million
dollars. All this may be saved in a heavy sea
wave by this governor, for which they ask but
the very small appropriation often or fifteen thou-
sand dollars. The committee arc somewhat shy
of adopting these propositions geneially, but this
seemed to be so strongly fortified, and so well
recommended, that they agreed to report it.
The PP.ESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire, to
the amendment of the Committee 011 Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, was to insert after the appropriation for
repairs in the Washington rmvy-yard, the fol-
lowing:
For wall on west side of yai d, five hundred and forty feet
long, $-13,483.
Mr. PEARCE. I will merely state that we
have reduced almost all the appropriations for
navy-yards very largely. This was omitted m
the House; but, upon examination of the supple-
mental estimates ofthe Bureau of Yards and Docks,
we find that there is a portion of the navy-yard at
this city which is not properly inclosed, which is
merely inclosed by a fence; and that very many
depredations arc committed on the pioperty of the
United Slates in the yard 111 consequence of its
exposed condition. "We thought it, therefore,ad-
visable to add this small appropriation, which will
complete the wall, and be a defense against these
inroads.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to add, at the end of the first section,
the following:
For leducing and preparing for printing and engraving,
under duection of Captain Oadwahuler limggold, of the
United States Navy, copies of the charts of all surveys and
reconnolssances made by him while In command of the
North Pacific surveying expedition, and of the Coral aieh-
ipelago, and the appioaches thereto, together with sailing
directions, tepoits. hydrographic and other results,and ob-
servations explanatory of the voyage, calculated to lessen
thedangpis and iacilitate mteicourse with the eastern seas,
China, and Japan, in accordance with the estimates of Cap-
tain Rmp-goid,$7,700: Provided, That no publication shall
be made under and by viitue hereof,exceptthe same be the
result of actual suiveys, reeonnoissanccs, and observations
made by Captain Ringgold, or under his personal direction
and super viftfon.
Mr. PEARCE. There were a few words which
were designed to bo put in the amendment which
have been accidentally omitted. In line two hun-
dred and twenty-seven, after the word " Navy,"
there should be inserted the words " subject to
the control of the Secretary of the Navy. That
is obviously proper, because otherwise the officer
in charge would have the whole control and di-
rection of the work himself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- j
ment will be so modified, unless objected to. The
Chair hears no objection. The question is on the
amendment, as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON. I have some amendments
which I have been instructed to ofFerby the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. The first is to insert
after line seventy-eight:
For the purchase of the right to use in the Navjr, if, in
the opmiou ot the Secretary ofthe Navy,it shall be deemed
expedient, Davidson's boat-lowering, attaching, and de-
taching apparatus, a sum not exceeding $15,000.
This is an apparatus invented by Lieutenant
Hunter Davidson, of the United States Navy, for
the purpose of lowering, detaching,and attaching
ships' boats at sea. It appears from the report,
which was made.in the House of Representatives,
and from the papers which are before me, that the
Secretary of the Navy directed the trial to be
made at sea by vessels of the efficiency of this ap-
paratus. I find here a report made by the Com-
mander of the United States practice-ship Preble,
in which he says:
"The cry of' man overboard !' was oncc given when the
ship was going at the rate of eight knots; the life buoy was
let go; the boat lowered; the ship ' brought to;> the buoy
picked up; the boat alongside again and hoisted up into
her place; the ship 'filled away' and 'standing on hr>r
couix;,' under all tail, in f-cven minutes and twenty sec-
cojids iiom the time ofthe fust almzu.
k* For the ease and safety, and very great expedition with
which these opeiations have been peifouued, we are giratlv
indebted to the admirable boat-loweung, detaching, and
attaching appaiatus, invented bv Lieutenant Iluntet Da-
vidson. THOMAS T. CRAVEtf,
" Commander United States Navy."
Here is a certificate of the same kind from
George S. Blake, superintendent of the Annapolis
academy, and here are the details of the trial of
Davidson's boat apparatus on board the practice-
ship Preble, as graphically noted by the execu-
tive officer of the ship:
Details of tile trial of Davidson's Boat apparatus, on board
the Called Slates Practicc-Ship.
At Sea. c< Man,overboard!" Ship going eight knots;
seaioush. uCut away the life buoy
Detached boat in "2b".
Boat along side uf buoy 111 1' 45''.
Back to ship with buoy in 31.
Attached and hoisted up in 6'.
Filled away, and sail set in 7' 20''.
All from tiie instant of the first alarm.
E. SIMPSON.
First Lieutenant and Juvccutive Ojjicer.
I think, Mr. President, it is manifest, from what
I have read, that tins is an invention of very great
importance indeed, on board our ships-of-war and
on board our mercantile marine. J3y it, undoubt-
edly, many valuable lives will be saved. It is a
marvel, that when a ship is going at the rate of
eight knots an hour, in seven minutes and twenty
seconds from the moment of an alarm being
given, the boat can be lowered down to pick up a
man who is overboard, and he be brought back
and the vessel under way a^ain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think, from the state-'
ment, that this is a very valuable matter; but I
should like to make an inquiry in regard to the
price. Is it not rather large ?
Mr. THOMSON. I will say, in response to
the Senator fiom Maine, that it was at first esti-
mated atdouble the price; butin the report which
was made in the House of Representatives—a
very elaborate one—they concluded to fix the price
at $15,000.
Mr. HALE. It is'left discretionary with the
Secretary.
Mr. THOMSON. The apparatus is so simple
that it can be manufactured at any of our work-
shops at very little cost.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes mc that§15,000
is a large sum for us to pay for this. This is a
boat-lowering apparatus, which is said to be very
simple. To be sure, it is useful for the Navy
Department; hut if it be indorsed here, the same j
argument applies to it as to the governor which we \
passed before; and, of course, if thus valuable,
its practical use and most extensive use will be in
the mercantile marine. I think $10,000 would be
enough for the Government to pay, and I move
to amend the amendment by striking it down to
§10,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment,as amended, wasadopted.
Mr. THOMSON. I have another amendment,
to come in immediately after that:
For the purchase of the light to use bv the United States
Brooke's deep  ea sounding apparatus, $5,000.
In regard to this, I will state that before the in-
vention of Lieutenant Brooke, we had no means
of ascertaining, with any kind of accuracy, the
deep sea soundings of the ocean. By it the bot-
tom of the ocean has been completely mapped out,
and we have saved for our mercantile marine, by
Lieutenant Brooke's apparatus, and by his ob-
servations in detecting and exposing a great many
errors on charts, fiom supposed shoals and banks
which interfered very much indeed with the nav-
igation of our vessels. It has also been a matter
ot very just pride to the country. It has been
adopted, with very slight changes, by all the Eu-
ropean Governments; and in a report which I have
in my hand now, made on the deep-sea soundings
of the North Atlantic ocean, between Ireland and
Newfoundland, by her Majesty's ship Cyclops,
Lieutenant Commander Joseph Dayman, he says:
" In the choice of the means and appliances for obtaining
the deep soundings, I was left ia a great measure free by
the hydrographer, and r claim no originality in the process
adopted, the detached sounding apparatus which was used
being a modification of that invented by Mr. Brooke, ap
oftioer 111 the United States Navy."
I will take occasion, also, to say that the Gov-
ernment have had the use of this for a number of
years without paying anything whatever to Lieu-
tenantBrooke for it; and when Lieutenant Brooke
returned, after a very long cruise,and made appli-
cation at the Patent Office for a patent, he was
informed by the Commissioner that, having given
the use of it to others, he was no longer entitled
to a patent. We have used his invention without
compensation, and prevented him from getting a
patent. It is simply proposed to give him $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON. I have another amendment
which will come in immediately after theamend-
ment which has just been adopted. It is:
For the balance of the expenses of the survey of the Isth-
mus of Chiriqui, $1,637 81.
By a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, addressed to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, datcdFebruary 4, it appears that there was
a deficiency in the appropriation made last 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there will
be any objection to that. [u No objection."]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON. I have another amendment,
to come in after line two hundred and thirty-nine,
on page 11:
For completing the publication of the charts of the ex-
ploiationoi the North Pacific and China seas and Behring
strait, $11,672.
This is recommended by the Secretary of the
Navy, for completing the charts of the surveys
made by Lieutenant Rodgers. He is engaged on
them now: and this will complete them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON. The next amendment is to
insert, as new sections:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States is hereby authorized to place on a retired list any
medical officer of the Navy who is now, or may hereafter
be, proved to bp permanently incapable, from physical or
mental infirmity, ot furtberservicc at sea, and that the pay
of officers so retired shall be the leave-of-ahsence pay of
then icspective giades as it existed prior to the passage of
the act ot Congress to regulate the pay of the Navy, ap-
proved June 1, i860.
Jlni be it finther enacted, That all vacancies m the med-
ical corps of the Navy, caused by the foiegoing section,
shall oe fitted in accoidance with established usage: Pro-
vided, That the. number of medical olficcis on the active list
shall not exceed the number authorized by existing laws.
In reference to this amendment I will state that,
unfortunately, there are a number of gentlemen,
surgeons m the Navy, who are, some of them,
in a very unhappy condition of mental derange-
ment; some in hospitals, and others that are en-
tirely incapacitated for any kind of active duty.
In the mean while \vc are greatly in want of med-
ical officers, as the Secretary of the Navy has in-
formed us in every report he has ever made; and
if it be desired, I will read the letter addressed to
the committee. [" Oh, no 1" " No objection!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMSON. I have one more amendment
to propose, and then I shall be done:
For repairs of the marine barracks at Cliarlestown, Mas-
sachusetts, $i9j4o6.
By direction of the Secretary of the Navy, a
survey was made, and a very elaborate report,
which I have in my hand, presented; and it ap-
peals that the barracks there arc in a most dilap-
idated condition. The estimate for their repairs
