1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
259
3fi'rii Cong....2d Sess. .
Force Bill—Mr. Burnett.
Ho. of Reps.
every lover of the Union ought to do. Such a
measure was never conceived of by the framersof
the Constitution. They never dreamed that any
such could be attempted byany subsequent Con-
gress under the form of government which they
organized. It invites public liberty to absolute
satiifice.
Mr. Speaker, the House will pardon me while
I look for a moment at the existing condition of
th-e country, to ascertain the apology for this ex-
traordinary proposition. There is no pretense
of insurrection against the laws of any State; but
there has been a withdrawal from this Govern-
ment of six of the southern States, and this will
be followed, probably, by the withdrawal of
others. Tins measure points to this lamentable
state of affairs, and proposes its correction by
force. The States which have retired have re-
sumed their sovereignty, tfhd have, in the exer-
cise of it, formed an association among themselves
more agreeable than this, and in their judgment
better adapted to the conservation of their social
and industrial institutions. They have able miffi
in their government—men who, but a few weeks
since, were the counselors of this Government,
and were regarded among its most brilliant orna-
ments. It is certain they understand the theory
of confederated republican government, and the
bearing of a division of departmental powerupon
the public liberties. They have even adopted our
own Constitution, to which they are accustomed,
but with a leading upon which many of us insist
as the true intent of that instrument. They hold
out to us the olive branch of peace; they suggest
negotiation for the practical settlement of disputed
questions, and that we shall live apart from each
other as friends, since we could not maintain that
relation when dwelling together.
How is their proposal met? Gentlemen say they
will not acknowledge their right of secession. I
shall not stop to discuss the abstract right of se-
cession. It is superseded by a practical fact,
which stands before us in no questionable shape.
Call it secession or revolution, or what you will,
the pitcher has been broken at the fountain; its
paits no longer cohere. It is useless to discuss
amongourselvos whether the southern States have
done right or wrong-in the steps they have taken.
Their separation from this Union is a fact accom-
plished, so far as their <?wn will can influence its
detei munition.
The question recurs as a practical question, and
we muse meet it practically. Here are six mil-
lion people, inhabiting the States which have with-
dr awn from further political connection with this
Govei nment; is it not advisable for us, better for
ouiseivesand our posterity, to lecognize the gov-
ernment they have formed, as a friendly confed-
eivition p In my opinion, this question should be
answered auirmanvely. We should at once re-
ceive* then'commissioners, negotiate treaties with
them, and arrange all subjects in which necessa-
rily' there will be a common interest. This is the
policy of peace. On its adoption hang most mo-
mentous interests. The opposite policy is that of
force. Cut, pass your force bills, and what will
they amount to? Will they have a tendency to
reunite the Stales or the people? Nobody pic-
tends to believe it-.
I have seen the reported speeches made by the
President elect on his way here to he inaugurated
to his high office. Some of these breathe the
spirit of war: and I hear that, in private circles,
he has told Kentucky to piepare for war. What
fatuity! What madness ! Admit that this Gov-
ernment has a i ight. to the foils winch the south-
ern people have eaptuied: shall this country be
drenched \uth fraternal blood to \ indicate our
title to property which we cannot expect to le-
tam, and which the confederated States declate
their willingness to pay for: Will you inaugu-
rate such a war, under, the bill of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. John Cochran*:,] by send-
ing of war to blockade the southern ports?
Air. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man vield to me for a moment?
Mr. BURNETT. 1 decline to yield.
Mr. JOHN" COCHRANE. I want it under-
stood the gentleman refuses to yield to me.
Mr. BURNETT. I take it for granted the gen-
tleman from New York will obtain the door, and
I hope he will not inteirupt me. Mr. Speaker,
suppose you shut out commerce from the south-
ern ports: is.that any thing but war? Do gentle-
men not understand that u will be treated at once
as an act of war? They surely must: yet they
press measures like these, and still say they de-
sire conciliation, and do not wish to involve the
country in civil war.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Under my great
uncertainty of obtaining the floor, I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will yield me the floor for
one moment.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot yield.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, f resist the con-
clusions of the gentleman's argument, and deny
his premises in toto. He confounds premises and
conclusions.
Mr. BURNETT. Sir, if your bill passes Con-
gress, it will confound the peace and happiness of
your country.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That is but an
opinion, and the gentleman fiom Kentucky does
not raise himself in my estimation by having
uttered it.
Mr. BURNETT. I Want all my time, and I de-
cline to turn aside for these interruptions. While,
under the bill of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cochrane,] you propose to enforce the col-
lection of revenue m the seceded States, and thus
to fill your national coffers with the hard earnings
of the southern people, whether they are willing
or otherwise, another bill proposes to deny to
them postal facilities extended to the rest of the
Republic. This system of measures gentlemen
on the other side characterize as measures of peace
and conciliation! Deny them postal facilities;
take the property you claim at the point of the
bayonet; enforce duties at southern ports at the
mouth of the cannon; and teach them that tins is
: your fraternal affection ! Deny to them the ad-
| vantages springing from tin. L\ deral system, but
j impose upon "them all its burdens and heavy
| charges, and tell them that this is peace and justice!
! The language of tins system of coeru\e measures
' will be easily com pi ehended by the ] teople to u hom
! it is addressed, itspeaks.au nuioi scmciit of opm-
; ion, frequently expicssed by south* rn statesmen
1 in these Halls, thut they wei e profitable to th<*
General Government, and had been be. sts of bm •
den, lo ! these many years. You will say to them
that the duties they pay on their own consump-
tion, and which comes from their pockets, are not
compensated by the protection they receive; that
their contributions towaids the, public expendi-
tures are so dispropoi uoned to their share of ben-
efits received, that it is asking too much of you to
let them depart in peace. Such, Mr. Speaker,are
the olive branches which gentlemen propose to
hold out to ivin back the South!
Mr. Speaker, it was not my intention to digress
fiom the bill which is under our immediate con-
sideration; but I could not refrain from thisglance
at a system of measures of which it is but a part,
and which, m its entirety, must make civil war
in this once happy countiy the regular order oj
business. You cannot act upon foreign ships, sub-
jecting them to seizuie and confiscation for visit-
ing the ports of a pi ople who have cut oil their
political association with this Union, and expect
anything but icar. If you think that, by the pro-
posed mcasme, we avoid responsibility, and, by
such specious device, will force the other party
to take the initiative, though you may not err,
still it must end inioar; and therefore, who; vcr
arranges the ii'sti nmen tali ties winch shall pi oduce
the effect, will be held bound, befote God and
mankind, foi the consequences, if you mean to
laise armies, and maich them aeiot-s the States
to lecover the public pronetty, and blood flows
<is a necessary itkct fiom smh a step, you must
be piepared to accept whatever result mny super-
vene upon the en oumstancf s. It is folly to say
this is not coeicion; the enlarging margin of dis-
quiet and disaffection, the constantly widening
gulf of anarchy and revolution which will be dis-
closed, will pro\<* the popular interpretation of
that now ambiguous woid m our language.
Let me bestow a lew observations upon the
second section of the bill now before the House.
It violates not only the plainest teachings of the
framers of the Constitution, but the express letter
of the insti umeut. It authorizes the President to
receive volunteers into the service ot the Govern-
ment from any country upon the face of the earth.
He may leceive them individually, or in compa-
nies, battalions, squadrons, regiments, or divis-
ions; there is no restriction or limitation upon Ins
power. It violdtesthe Constitution in authorizing
the President to commission all the officers, from
the highest to the lowest grade. Congress has
power, by thefifteenth paragraph of the eighth sec-
tion of the first article of the"Const tution, "to pro-
vide for organizing, aiming, and disciplining the
militia, and. for governing such part of them as
may be employed in the service of the United
States, reserving to the Stales respectively the appoint-
ment of the officers," &c. Congress may " raise
and support armies," but the appropriation for
that use shall not be for a longer term than two
years. Docs the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] mean by this section to saddle upon
the peopleof this country a standing army, whose
numbers arc only to be limited by the vvifl of their
constitutional eommandei-in-ehief? If not, what
does he mean by wrenching fiom the States aright
of appointing the officers of their militia when
employed in thescrviceof the United States, and
vesting this high power in the hands, notof Con-
gress, but of a single man?
The political school to which the gentleman
was formerly attached, made the Halls of Con-
gress resound with diatribes on the tyranny which
must follow the union of the purse and the sword
in the hands of one person. One would have sup-
posed that the gentleman would have earned some
of the maximsfoimeriy learned into the new party
of which he is one of the most conspicuous,and,
he will permit me to say, one of the ablest lead-
ers; yet, if he, an astute lawyei and experienced
legislator, commences the prej mration for h is Pres-
ident by breaking down the plainest mandates of
the Constitution, in older to concentrate power
in the.hands of the Executive: if he, a man of
peaceful inclination and avocations, has so far
ioigotten the rights of the States as to propose to
wiest fiom them the command of their militia,
when employed in the Frdeial set vice—if these
things ale done by Republicanism in the green
tiee, what shall we expect in the d>y ? Sir, our
nuiuia lias frequently been called into the service
of the United States. The battle-fields of the
Union have illustrated their valor and endurance.
Does the gentleman diaw from their past action
the reasons why he lefuses to trust the appoint-
ment of the officers to the States? What is the
reason; what can be the reason for this distrust
of the States and this usurpation of their most
patent privileges, unless we are, under Black Re-
publican rule, about to enter upon a scheme of
centralization and consolidation?
Mr. Speaker, I would to Heaven I had the
power of eloquence to reach the hearts of gentle-
men on the other side of this Chamber, i recog-
nize them as my countrj'men, and I addiessthem
as my fellow-citizens. I deeply deploic the course
they have taken—still more deeply that which
they propose to pursue. I have aidently desned
the perpetuation of the Union; the maintenance of
the honor, the mtegiity, the connection of the
States, and the equality of their citizens. I have
the honor to leptesent, in part, a State whose loy-
alty to this Government has not been questioned;
whose devotion to its interests and its honor will
compare, without the loss of ciedit, with those of
her sister States. Her Repiesentatives have been
constant advocates for Union and justice. On
your blood-stained fields, the lives of hei gallant
sons have attested Iut devotion to the flag of our
common country. Through all these troubles
Kentucky h is piaetieed a signal fotbearance, at-
testing, by the tenor of her opinions, the most
ardent dcMie to maintain the Union, and to see
peace restos ed to a now distracted sisterhood of
States The \oiees of her Representatives have
been in consonance with their active and earnest
efforts to piocuie the adoption of such measures
as may establish concord, and secure peaceful
solutions of all our existing complications.
And it has been so with other slaveholdmg Rep-
resentatives. The gentleman from Vhginia, [Mr.
BoTEi-r.ii,} at an caily day of the session, pio-
posed the. organization of the com nut tee of thn f y-
three, with a Mew to an enlightened discussion of
our difficulties, and to the ascertainment unci se-
curity of peaceful future relations. The. Senators
