844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
is $19,456. There also was submitted, at the same
time, an estimate of the cost of erecting a porch
in front of the marine barracks, §3,075; but, in
the condition of the Treasury at this time, the
Naval Committee do not recommend the adoption
of this; but they recommend the appropriation
proposed for the repairs of the barracks, which
are tumbling to pieces at Charlestown.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to move to amend the bill,
by striking out lines one hundred and fifty-seven
and one hundred and fifty-eight, which, among
other navy-yard appropriations, provides:
"Pensacola."—For repairsof all kind* $10,000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear some
reason for that. Is it necessary ?
Mr. HALE. We do not think it is necessary
to appropriate any money there at this time; that
is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I am further instructed by the
same committee to move to strike out lines one
hundred and eighty-five, one hundred and eighty-
six, and one hundred and eighty-seven, under the
appropriations for " hospitals," in these words:
" I'ensacola—For general repairs, $7,o0U."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I am further instructed by the
same committee to report the following amend-
ment as a new section to the bill:
Jlnd be it further enaded, That the third section of the
act entitled " An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses oi' the Government
for the year eliding the 30th of Jane, 1861," approved June
23,1S60, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Perhaps the necessity for this had better be ex-
plained by reading about a page from the annual
report of the Secretary of the Navy.
The Secretary read, as follows:
<cPatented Jlrticles—The provision in the act of Congress
of June l2li} 1^60, which prohibits the purchase of patented
article's for the use of the Aimy and Navy will be found
Injurious 10 the latter service. Since the introduction of
steam to piopul ships of war, a great variety ot patented ar-
ticles have, in the conatmction and repair oi a steamship,
become a daily use, ami m many cases of indispensable
necessity. Patented boiteis, surface condenser*, liiction
thrusts, governors or speed legulator?, steam pump<, cap-
stans, air port0, boat detacher-', {,'allejs, or cooking stoves,
ventilatory steei mi; apparatus, lantein^, Jo<?s and leads, vul-
canized tnbber, salmometeit,, counters, hydraulic jacks*,
water-gauges, and many tools for manufacturing machin-
ery, and (hiving and drawing bolts, are ot this description.
And what is irue of the steam machmeiy is al&o 111 home
measure true of the armament. A war steamer built now
according to the fashion of the past, excluding all modern
patented improvements, would be ah antiquated object, tar
behind the present age, unci as Ineflicient us it would be
antiquated. The best modern patented improved boiler will
make a savins; of eighteen per cent, of steam. To dispense
with all patented surface condensers would be wanton ex-
tiavagancc. To arm a ship 01 war without a modern pat-
ented invention, would givojjrcat advantage to theenemy.
To prohibitthes.uloi the u^e of hi^eambss pea-jacket and
cap, would be to drpiivo him of the comfoit of some of hi*
hahl, warm, ino-4, duiablo, and cheap mid nearly water-
proof eJotluiiiT. To withhold iioin him the use of American
patented defecated v e^etables, would take from him a por-
tion ot his nio^t nutimou-* and acceptable iood. it in im-
possible to build, equip, aim, and piovnie a steamship of
war having anything like usual modern efficiency, without
trcspiUssiu" on all *idcs upon mod< m patented impiove-
ment-s. ^ome'lmn; al-^o is due to the inventive gem us ol
our eountiymcn. It h within the memory of the living
when the jjreat invention-* and discovenes which iiave
almost revoJuuonc-d tlie world were unknown.
Supplies jor the Navy.—The act of Congress of March
3, 18-17, (Statutes at Lar^e, volume 9, page 172, section
two,) exempted butter and cheese puiehased loi the Navy
from tlie opeiation o* the general law which require* con-
tracts to he given to the lowest bidder. The act of Au-
gust 3, 18-W, (volume 9. page 272, section eleven,) author-
ized tlie fcjeciotaiy of the Navy specially to contract for
tobacco without advoitwng. The joint resolution of March
27,1854, (volume 10, pacre 593,; authorized the pinehasc
for the uscof the A'avyof paiticular brands of flour m open
market. All these provisions were repealed by the act of
Congress approved June, £3, i860. It is recommended that
the n-peal be lepealed, so as to restore the founer law; as,
otherwise, it will be lmpiaclicabie to piowdo for the Navy
butler, cheese, and flour which will bear expo^uie to hot
climates. The s<uloi, also, should be peumtted to have
ins favorite tobacco piepared specially tor his use."
Mr. IIALE. The Secretary ol" the Navy has
found Lli.it in regard to several of these articles
supplied to the sailors, of which he speaks, it is
utterly impossible to procure them by advertise-
ment. A certain s-pecics of butter they must have,
in order to stand hot climates, and so of flour,
and so of tobacco. This provision is found to bo
inconvenient and inhumane to the sailors; and the
Secretary asks us to repeal the law that prevents
him from buying these patented articles, and also
which compels him to advertise for everything he
wants to buy. There are certain articles which
he should be at liberty to buy without advertise-
ment, which discretion is taken away by this act.
We propose, now, merely to repeal it.
Mr. PJEARCE. It seems to me that, probably,
it would be advisable to modify the law of the last
session, by allowing the Secretaries of the War
and Navy Departments to-purchase many of the
articles which have been mentioned in-the paper
that has been read at the Secretary's table; butl
should like to see the provision so far as it re-
gards the purchase of patented arms, retained in
the law. I do not see that anything can be lost
to the Government by compelling the heads of
these Departments to come to Congress for au-
thority to purchase patented firoarms. I believe
that there has been considerable abuse in that way.
Large contracts have been made for patented arms.
There arc half a dozen different arms contesting
for superiority, and a Secretary may decide, from
favoritism, to take one hundred or one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars' worth of arms in that
particular way. I should like to see him restrained
m that particular, and to require the assent of
Congress to be given to every purchase of that
sort. In regard to other matters, steam engines,
governors, and provisions, I admit that it is proper
for the Secretary to purchase them without the
restriction of this law; and if this amendment can
be modified so as to retain the provision prevent-
ing the purchase of patented arms without the
consent of Congress, I should consent to the rest;
but if not, I shall vote against it.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Whynotmoveanamend-
ment to this?
Mr. HALE. Is the Senator from Maryland
preparing to send an amendment to the Chair ?
Mr. PEARCE. I propose to prepare an amend-
ment to the Senators amendment.
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Senate,
whilst the Senator from Maryland is preparing
that amendment, I will submit another amend-
ment from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be considered as withdrawn, for the
purpose of receiving the amendment of ihe Sena-
tor from New Hampshire. ^
Mr. HALE. I am further instructed by the
Committee on Naval AlFairs to offer an amend-
ment, to insert as a new section, the following:
Be it further enaded, That the annual salaiies of the
clerks heieinaf'ter named shall be as follows, viz :
At the mvvy-vaKU at Jlouon, Wow Voik, and Norfolk :
The first eleik'to the commandant, $1,200.
The second eleik to (he commandant,
The lirst clerk to the naval store -keeper, $1,500.
The second clerk to the naval store-keeper, #900.
Clerk of the yard,}$1,'200.
Clerk to the paymaster, $1,000.
Clerk to the inspector oi provisions, $1,000.
Clerk to the naval constructor, $800.
At the nawyard at Washington:
The fust clerk to the commandant, $1,200.
The second eleik to the commandant, .1*960.
The hist eleik to the naval stoie-keepei, .yi^OO.
The second clerk to the naval stoie-keeper, $750.
Cleik of the jaid. >'1,1200.
Cleik to the pajma^toi, $1,000.
At tlie navv-vard at Maie Island :
The eleik to the commandant, $1,300.
The clerk of the yanl, $l,'200.
The cleik to the naval store-keeper, $1,^00.
The eleik to tlie p;rjiuastei, $J,*20l).
At the navy-yard at Phjladeljthia:
The clerk to the commandant, $1,200
The cleik to the naval stoiekeepei, $1,000.
The clerk oi the yard, $1,000.
The clerk to the paymaster, $1,000.
The cleik to the naval constructor, $800.
At the navy-yard at Poit^mouth:
The clerk to the commandant, $1,200.
The clerk to the naval norekeepei, $1,000.
The clerk of the yard, $1,000.
The cleik to the paymaster, $1,000.
The clerk to the naval con&tructoi, $800.
At the Naval Academy:
The Socretarv, $1,250.
The cleik to the superintendent, $1,000.
The clerk to the paymaster, xl,000.
The clerks to the paymasters on the receiving ships at
Boston. New York, and Norfolk, each, $1,000.
Provided, That ail laws, or pai ts of laws, allowing twenty
p^r cent, additional compensation to any of the clerics here-
in provided foi. he, and the same are hereby, repealed.
I will make a short statement in regard to this
amendment. There have been various applica-
tions1 made to Congress for alterations of this pay.
At the last session of Congress, the Naval Com-
mittee thought that they had not time, and were
not competent to the examination; but they had
a resolution passed in the Senate, on the 16th of
June, I860, asking information of the Department
upon those matters; and the proposition that I
have made is submitted agreeably to the schedule
that is submitted by the Department. It is not
an increase of pay in the aggregate; it is a de-
crease; but it tends to equalize them. The pay,
as it now is, is exceedingly unequal, as I will show
from the statement which is prepared. For in-
stance, the clerk of the yard, in most of the yards,
receives $1,200. In Philadelphia and Kittery,
Maine, he receives $900. I11 tho city of Wash-
ington, he receives §1,440—more than is paid in
New York and Massachusetts. At Mare Jsland,
California, the clerk of the yard receives $3,000,
while the clerk to the naval storekeeper receives
only §900. This amendment has been prepared
in accordance with the document that has been
sent to us by the Department, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate. It equalizes the pay, and
reduces the amount instead of increasing it.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator mean it
reduces the entire amount, or only the amount
of some of the salaries?
Mr. IIALE. It reduces the entire amount.
Mr. HUNTER, Does it reduce the entire
amount of appropriation for salaries ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; the aggregate amount
appropriated is decreased—not largely—I think
between three and four thousand dollars; but it
equalizes them.
Mr. GRIMES. I have a proposition which I
desire to offer as a substitute for that submitted
by the Senator from New Hampshire :
That the pay of first clerks to commandants at all the
navy-yatds shall be at the rate of $1,200 per annum, ex-
cept that at the California navy-yard, which shall be at the
rate of $1,500 per annum; and that the laws approved the
22d of April, 1854, the 4th of August, 1854, the 3d of March,
1855, and the 12th of June, 1858, increasing the pay of
cleiks and others twenty per cent, at the Washington
navy-yard, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. President, this proposition which I submit
equalizes the pay of the clerks at all these navy-
yards, and does not, like the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire, increase the pay
in some cases to paymaster's and purser's clerks;
and thereby, by this amendment which I now
offer, there would be a much greater aggregate
deduction in the expenses growing out of the pay
of these officers than there would be by the amend-
ment offered by him. The proposition submitted
by the Senator from New Hampshire is open to
precisely the same objection that he has assigned
as existing against the law as it now stands; or
the same inequality between the paymasters'
clcrks would exist, if his amendment was adopted,
that now exists in the pay of the commandants'
clerks. If his amendments adopted, someof the
paymasters' clerks would reccive $750, and others
would receive $1,080. If my amendment to the
amendment be adopted, it would stand, that the
paymasters' clcrks would remain at §750, and
some of the commandants'clerks would be brought
up to $1,200, and others brought down to §1,200,
making them all equal, and would save several
thousand dolLns to the Treasuiy.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adootcd.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the amendment that was withdrawn
is now ready, and will be read as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That the thud section of an act
entitled " An act making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial excuses oi the Govci anient for the
year endue* 30th of.June, isfiland approved June 23,1860,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed, except solar as the said
section prohibits the purchase of patented fire-arms, as to
which the said section shall still be m foice.
Mr. HALE. As that amendment does not come
in conflict with the recommendations of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, as they arc stated in this letter,
I do not know that I shall oppose that exception.
I accept the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Is the amendment adopted as
amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was modified, and in that form adopted.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs to offer another amendment, to
insert as an additional section:
Jind be it further enaded, That the Secretary of the Navy
be, and he is heieby, authoiizcd to cause to be constructed
for die United States Navy, at as caily a day as practicable,
