1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•845
irk is not at,
nmendatioria'
subject:v/
having due regard to efficiency and economy, seven steam
screw sloops-of-war of the second class, as vessels arc rated
in the Navy, with full steam power, whose greatest draught
of water shall not exceed fourteen feet; which sloops shall
combine the heaviest aimament and greatest speed com-
patible with their character and tonnage; and for the pur-
pose above specified, the sum of $1,200,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know the
amount that is propo'sed to be appropriated and
the reasons for it; and why, at this time, u is pro-
posed to make this large addition to the Navy. I
should like to hear some explanation from the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. This is a matter that has been
recommended by the Department and urged upon
Congress for a number of years, the increase of
our steam naval force; and my impression is—1
am not entirely certain—that the Senator from
Virginia has been one of those who voted hitherto
to sustain that recommendation. I will not be cer-
tain upon that subject. But I apprehend, sir, that
the idea of another sailing vessel being built is an
absurdity. There never will be another. The
Navy henceforth is to be a steam Navy. The com-
mittee were unanimous in the opinion that this
addition to the Navy was a pertinent and proper
one at the present time, and recommended these
sloops at once.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should like to hear the
amendment read again. I was out when the Sec-
retary commenced reading it, and I only heard
the conclusion of the amendment.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. HALE. As our reading clerk is not at
the desk, 1 will read myself the recomn
of the Secretary of the Navy on this si
"The constant appeal of American citizens, coming"to
us from alt quailers of the world, asking for security and
protection bp> oml what tire Government, with its present
means, can afford them, speaks a language to which we
are not at liberty to turn a deaf ear. To be able at any tune,
at short notice, io thiow a poweiful naval force upon any
given point where oui interests aiethreatened, or the lives
of American citizens are in jeopardy, is not only a consti-
tutional duty, but one of the safest, most beneficent, and
salufarypoweisthat can be intrusted to official hands under
a republican form of government; and I cannot permit the
present occasion to pass without most earnestly recom-
mending the policy of a gradual, substantial, and perma-
nent increase of the Navy, accompanied by the universal
introduction into it of the motive power of steam. Such
policy is essential to the protection of our coasts and com-
merce, and of American citizens and their property on the
ocean and in distant countries; to the preservation of peace,
the efficiency of negotiation, the general advancement of
our commeicial inteiests, the maintenance of our appio-
piiate position among nations, and the prompt vindication
of our rights and of the honor of the country, and should
be subject to none of the ordinary vacillations arising fioin
the varied success of political parties."
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from
New Hampshire will find, if he thinks my votes
a matter worthy of examination, that I have not
voted to increase the Navy for some years past,
especially since the Treasury has been in its pres-
ent embarrassed condition. It seems to me it is
peculiarly inappropriate to sclect the present pe-
riod for such an expenditure as is now proposed,
while it is known that the Treasury is m such a
deeply embarrassed condition. We cannot get
along without borrowing money, and we have
not been able to borrow at less than ten, eleven,
and twelve per cent. I know not why it is that,
at such a time as this, they should come forward
and demand money for these vessels, making a
still further deficiency. What seems to be a little
suspicious is, that they seem to be of that class
which are designed for the southern ports; that
is, the ports of tljose States that have seceded
and withdrawn from this Union. It seems to me
that such a proposition, at such a time as this,
must have some reference to some proposed ne-
cessity of that sort. For myself, I should be un-
willing, in the present condition of the country,
no matter what was the condition of our domestic
affairs, to votefor any addition to the Navy call-
ing for such a sum of money as that; but when I
come to connect it with recent events, and when
I come to look to the class of steamers and to the
limitation in regard to draft, it strikes me there
must be some such intention as that. For one, I
am unwilling to .vote a dollar to make any addi-
tion to the Navy which looks to the purpose of
coercing the States that are out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to suggest
to the Senator from "Virginia that precisely the
same class of vessels and the same number were
recommended by the committee last year, if I rec-
ollect aright, of which the honorable Senatorfrom
Florida [Mr. Mallory] was chairman.
Mr. HUNTER. They were recommended by
the Senator from Florida at a time when his own
State had not seceded, and they were,recom-
mended on the ground that they were vessels for
those ports; that they were of such a draft as to
get into them. It was said that the ships which
had been built, with few exceptions, drew too
much water to enable them to be of any use for
the protection of those ports. That was the ground
on which they werepushed, and that is the ground
on which they were advocated. There is now no
such necessity; there is no such demand upon us;
there is no such duty required of us; and I cannot
help feeling that there is something more meant
than is expressed on the face of the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I vote for this proposition as
an economical measure myself; and I think the
Senator from Virginia will satisfy himself, if he
will look into the subjcct, that it is an economical
measure. I apprehend, in the firstplace, that this
Government will never build another sailing ves-
sel. I think I hazard nothing in saying that there
is.no Government on the face of the earth that is
building a sailing war vessel at this time. Tn 1859
the British Government had only eleven then on
the stocks, and nearly two hundred steam vessels;
and they have abandoned theidea of building any
more sailing vessels, as I understand. This Gov-
ernment has eight screw sloops-of-war, such as
are proposed to be built now. The whole of them
/carry forty-one guns. The Government of Great
Britain has two hundred and seventy-four of the
same class of vessels.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him how much the eight we have cost?
Mr. GRIMES. The precise cost I do not know;
but somewhere in the neighborhood of $300,000
each.
Mr. POLK. Then that proposition only pro-'
poses to appropriate 81,200,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. It is not proposed
to appropriate the whole amount necessary to
complete them, but only such an amount as prob-
ably will be used during the current year, and at
the next Congress enough will bo appropriated—
some three or four hundred thousand dollars—to
complete them. We have some larger steam ves-
sels than those that are proposed to be built, that
cost three times as much as each of these will
cost. Several of them are now on duty—one in
the East Indies, two in the Mediterranean, one
in the Gulf of Mexico, and one on the Pacific. It
costs this Government per year to navigate and
man those vessels, for the wear and tear of the
hull, the pay of the officers and men, and for pro-
visions for twelve months, ^30"!,000. The cost
of one of these small vessels, mounting four guns,
for the wear and tear of the hull, interest on cost,
payment of officers and men, and provisions for
twelve months, is $73,000. The Senator from
Virginia therefore will see that we can man and
provision and navigate four of these vessels where
we can man and provision and navigate one of
the larger ones. Now, I ask him, if he does not
look upon this as an economical measure? We
can withdraw from the Mediterranean two of the
steam sloops-of-war that we have, there, and sub-
stitute in their place two or three of these small
vessels, that will be just as efficient to protect
American commerce as those two are, and we
shall have saved several hundred thousand dol-
lars to the Government by doing so.
These are some of the reasons which induce mc
to vote for this proposition. I might go on and
state others; but I desire to say to the Senator
that I do not vote for this proposition with any
view to coerce anybody, or for the purpose of
entering the ports of any of the southern States,
except for some peaceful purpose; certainly not
for any warlike purpose. I believe it is essential
for the interests of the country, without regard to
the present uneasy and disturbed condition of the
southern States. It is for the interest of the whole
country that we should increase the Navy some-
what, and increase ic in this particular direction;
and hence I vote for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I am very glad to hear the
Senator from Iowa say that, m voting for these
steamers, he does not do it with any purpose of
coercion m the States that have seceded; and I am
glad to put it on the question of economy in keep-
ing up the naval establishment. In regard to that,
I have to say that I do not think there can be any
economy, in the present condition t>f the Treas-
ury, in voting this amount to make additions to
the Navy. There is already a large appropria-
tion in this bill for repairs and additions to the
Navy—12,600,000, I believe; something like a
million more than was appropriated last year; and
it seems to me that that ought to be sufficient.-
In regard to the relative efficiency of small and
large steamers, that is not a matter for me to de-
cide. That is a professional question. I do not
profess to be able to determine between the rela-
tive efficiency or the expediency of building the
one or the other. I suppose, when we have money
in the Treasury, when we are enabled to go on
regularly with keeping up the establishment, we
ought to have both large and small steamers. I
apprehend they are building both in the services
of England and France. I think it is a question
in regard to which naval men differ. At any rate,
I do not pretend to decide upon it. I know it
costs less to man and navigate a small steamer
than a large one; but what I say is; in the pres-
entcondition of theTreasury, when we have been
so largely adding to the debts of the Government,
when we find ourselves unable to meet the pres-
ent demands, and pay the officers' salaries even,
it will be prudent not to add to the public expend-
iture by the amount that is here proposed. I ap-
prehend that we will find it a very difficult matter
to meet the necessary expenditures of this Gov-
ernment; and until we have secured the means for
meeting them, we ought to avoid these large ex-
penditures, especially those which are not imme-
diately and absolutely necessary. Surely, there
is no immediate necessity forthese steamers which
it is now proposed to build.
Mr. PEARCE. I believe it is a wise and eco-
nomical policy to build these small sloops-of-war.
They can be kept afloat at much less expense, and
they answer all the purposes, in times of peace,
which largo vessels do. But I doubt whether this
is a propitious time for making this appropriation.
The estimates for the naval service of this year
are considerably over twelve million dollars. The
committees of both Houses have reduced them;
but the bill, so far as it has passed, appropriates
about eleven million five hundred thousand dol-
lars; and now, in the condition of the Treasury,
is it at all possible that this other sum of §1,200,000,
now proposed to be added to the bill, can be fur-
nished ? We have a large debt on our hands for
the present and ensuing fiscal year; and all the
resources of the country cannot supply us, under
the.present condition of things, even with the loans
that we have made, the amount of money neces-
sary to conduct the public service for the next
fiscal year It seems to me, therefore, to be un-
wise to make this appropriation, since it is impos-
sible, I think, to have the money to apply to this
purpose. For that reason, which I consider quite
sufficient, I shall oppose the amendment. Under
other circumstances, I would vote very readily for
theincrease of these steam-sloops, which are highly
economical; but I think, with the appropriation
of $11,500,000 for the naval service already in the
bill, we had better postpone to another session
this appropriation of §1,200,000.
Mr. GRIMES. One single word further, and
I will relieve the Senate from any further debate
on this subject on my part. I do not propose,
and I presume no sensible man in this country
proposes, to take the British or French navy as
any criterion by which to govern ourselves, ex-
cept in regard to the proportions that may exist
between their large and small vessels. Nobody
proposes that we shall at all approximate them
in the number of our vessels. - But it would be
safe for us, at any rate, in passing upon a ques-
tion of this kind, to looka little into the condition
of the navies of other countries, and see what
may be the proportion large vessels bear to small
ones. If any one will take the trouble to do that,
he will see that for the last few yearsthe propor-
tion of small vessels to large ones has been made
to exceed greatly that which existed up to the
time of the Crimean war. They have now in the
British Navy nearly three hundred small vessels,
like such as we are proposing to build: and the
French Government has nearly two hundred small
I vessels of this size; whereas they have only about
I forty-five or foity-six sailmg vessels of war of
I about the same, or gloops-oi-war. We have com-
