1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
Any Compromise a Surrender—Mr. Gooch.
Ho. of Reps.
decline ? They meati peace now, and justice, con-
cord, and security, for the future. If these reso-
lutions do not pass, what will be the use of attempt-
ing to pass others? The seceded States cannot
accept less than this measure of right, and their
brethren of the slaveholdtng States will not ask
them, since they have withdrawn, to return to
the Union unless there shall be manifested some
spirit of justice towards the cause they represent.
Gentlemen have exhibited strong desire to keep
the border slave States in the Union, though the
planting States have definitively and ultimately re-
tired from this Government How is this to he
effected? Not by unmeaning eulogies upon the
loyalty of Kentucky. God knows, I do not, what
she may have done to subject herself to praise
from some of the same sources to which I allude;
but she will not be apt to weigh praises m the
balance with interests and rights. I cannot help
saying, in reply to the many expressions of ten-
derness for the border slaveholdmg States which
I have listened to, that if gentlemen are sincere,
they ought to desire to meet those States in a
spirit of fairness. Unite with them on the Crit-
tenden resolutions. Give us these, and you will
restore union, peace, and good will. You will not
want a large standing army to coerce the south-
ern States, or a new squadron of steamers to
blockade their coasts, or a host of myrmidons to
dig the grave of American constitutional liberty.
But pass force bills; clothe your President with
dictatorial powers; send your volunteer armies,
with bristling bayonets, into the heart of the
southern country, to give the first lessons in the
service of Republicanism; continue to outlaw our
property, and to put us under the ban of Govern-
ment; and I tell you that, devoted as I know Ken-
tucky to be to the Union,and anxious as are her
sons to maintain the Constitution, she will thun-
der back into the ears of Federal power that she
does not hold the Union paramount to the Con-
stitution, and that the Constitution she upholds
is the instrument which was intended to secure to
her citizens an equal participency, with the citi-
zens of other Status, in tiie benefits of the com-
mon Government.
Let it not be supposed, sir, that Kentucky, 1
loyal and true as she has ever been and is, docs j
nor measure her rights and the rights of herpeo- :
pie with exactness, or that she will not assert
them with becoming boldness at a proper time, j
She waits with calmness the deliberations of the j
constituted authorities of the country; and her
heart is filled with the anticipations of the joyful
news which will give renewed assurances of peace, ;
justice, and union. I pray she may not be doomed
to disappointment. 1 ask that you will hear the !
appeals we make. But if you pass these bills: if ;
you tramp with vandal heel upon the Constitu- 1
tion; if you robe the President of the United ;
States in the mail of the warrior, and launch your ,
serried columns against the homes of our south-
ern brethtr'ii,! think L may safely promise, in the
name of old Kentucky, that she will stand by t
her guns, and that her sons will be found true to ;
her historic fame, and " fit for honor's toughest j
task." j
ANY COMPROMISE A SURRENDER. j
SPEECH OF HON. D. W. GOOCH,
I
OF MASSACHUSETTS, i
In the Hou«e of Representatives,
FubJuarySZ, 1861 ]
The House having under conb-uknutioii the report from |
the select committee of thirty-three-
Mr. GOOCH said: i
Mr. Speaker: Why is it that the people of six
or seven S;ates are to-day arrayed in open rebel-
lion against this Government, and the people of
as many more doubting whether they shall re-
main loyal or join in the rebellion J Why is it
that almost one half of this nation, the most ,
prosperous and happy the world has ever known, .
speaking the same language, living under the same |
laws,enjoyin^th'1 same political institutions, hav- ;
ing the same common Government, participating j
m the same glorious recollections of the past and j
bright hopes for the future, bound together by ;
every tie that interest, long and pleasant associa- !
tion, consanguinity, a common origin and destiny
can throw around a people to unite and make
them forever one, is to-day looking upon the other
half as enemies, and ready to take up arms against
them? This is the question we must answer be-
fore we can prescribe the remedy for existing
evils. It is not enough that we know the fact
that these evils exist; we must also know the
causes which produced them. The nature and
cause of the disease in the body-politic,'as well as
in the physical body, must be ascertained before
the remedy is applied.
Two systems of labor,free laborand slave labor,
exist in the land; one in the North, the other in
the South. They have existed since the begin-
ning of the Government precisely as they exist
to-day; and the conflict between them is no more
irrepressible now than it has been for the lasthalf
century.
Ho reason for severing the Union of these States
can-be given to-day which could not with equal
justice and propriety have been given at any day
since the Union was formed, It was-seen ami
known from the beginning that free labor, and
free labor alone, would be employed in the North;
! and while it was hoped and believed by the found-
! ers of the Government that shivery would not be
perpetual, it was fully understood that slave labor
would continue to be employed in the South long
after it had been abolished by the States of the
North.
No right or power was conferred by the people
upon the Federal Government to legislate m rela-
j tion to, or to inteifere with, any system of labor !
| in a State, whether free or slave. This Govern- ;
j ment has no more right or power to legislate in j
: relation to, or mteifere with, the system of slave :
| labor m South Caiohna, than it has to legislate in *
; relation to, or interfere with, the system of free :
I labor in Massachusetts; no more rijdht or power i
, to abolish slavery m the one than to establish it j
I in the other. And no State, or people of a State, j
have the right or power to interfere with the sys- i
tem of labor in another State. Each can control i
its own; not another's. :
i think scarcely a man can be found in the whole !
North who will deny these propositions. We j
ha\e always so understood the Constitution and i
the powers and relations of the States; and we ask {
for and desire no change of the Constitution in j
tins respect, and no alteration or change of the j
i Constitution in any respect. The Constitution j
i which our fathers made, and under which we have !
i lived, we will obey, preserve, protect, and defend ■
i under all circumstances. i know that there are !
1 a few men in the North, some of them eminent j
' for their ability and vulues in private life, who
aie not sauced with the Constitution as it is, and
d< sire to see it annulled and the existing Govern-
j mcnt overthrown, in order that a new Constitu-
! tion may be made, and the Government recon-
: structed with power to abolish and prohibit slavery
| in every State. These men are few in number, |
, belong to no political party, take no political action, j
i refuse even to vote, and look upon the Repubh- j
I can party as the obstacle in the way of the accom- j
i phshment of their object; because that party, rep- I
| resenting, as it does, the opinions and sentiments j
i of the North in relation to slavery, is pledged to m
I support the Constitution as it is, maintain the !
Union, and give to every section of the country |
all its rights 1,
These men are so few in the North that they
exert no considerable influence or power over the
people to control political action; and could not, j
if thev should unite with any existing political
\ organization. They hold the same relation to the j
i Federal Constitution and Government that the J"
i disuniomsts of the South do. Both desire their |'
! overthrow and destruction, that another and a dif- ,:
' l'erenf Constitution and Government may take j!
I their places. They diifc r in this: the disumonists 1
of the North wisli a Constitution and Government j1
i with power to abolish and prohibit slavery every- ;;
; where; the disuniomsts of the South desire a Con-
■ stitutionand Government with power to establish ].
' and protectslavery everywhere. Roth wish to give j
: to this Government gieater powers; the one that jj
! it may abolish and pi ohibit slavery everywhere in
, all the States; the other that it may establish and \\
j protect slaveiy everywhere in all the States. The n
! one wishes that the power of the Federal Govern- I
ment shall extead into the slave States to free all
slaves; the other that it shall extend into all free
States to protectthe master in the possession of his
slaves, whenever he may choose to take them into
a free State. Neither is contentvvith the Constitu-
tion as it is; neither is willing to obey the Consti-
tution, and live under the Government which our
fathers made. Both think that thev can make a
wiser and better Constitution and "Government;
and, to try the experiment, are willing to peril all
the^ prosperity, security, happiness, and peace,
which thirty million people enjoy under the Con-
stitution and Government as it is.
Shall we permit either to try the experiment?
Shall we, at this time, recommend to the people
to so alter or amend the Constitution as to satisfy
men who demand the alteration of the Constitu-
tion or the overthrow of the Government ? These
alterations-are not proposed because experience
has shown that the Constitution needed amend-
ment. No man dreamed of amending the.Con-
stitution before the result of the late election was
known; and had the section of country which
now asks these alterations elected to office their
candidates, no man would have heard of,any al-
teration or amendment to the Constitution. Mr.
Speaker, a Constitution which is good enough
with the Democratic party in power, is, in my
opinion, good enough with the Republican party
in power. a Constitution which is good enough
! with the administration of the Government in the
hands of men who think that all the influence and
I power of this Government should be used to ex-
! tend slavery into free territory, is also good enough
i with the administration m the hands of men who
; think that the free Teriitories of the United States
; should remain free.
I I have said that the number of these men in
] the North is small, and that, although they em-
i brace men of the highest order of intellect and
attainment, they exert no considerable influence
, over the mass of the northern people. But we
i find a few disumomsts at the South now exerting
a controlling influence over the people, m dding
and directing the popular will at pleasure, array-
j in« whole communities of men against the best
j Government on earth, from which they have re-
j ceived nothing but the richest benefits a benign
j Government can bestow upon its subjects. It is
! not at all strange that men should be found in
i both sections of the country advocating radical
I changes in the Constitution and laws. But it is
1 strange that in the one section of country they
! should lead and control the whole mass of the
; people, while in the other they are wholly unable
1 to exert any influence over the people; that in one
j section they should be able to organize open re-
■ be I lion against the Government, while in the other
I they can scarcely disturb the loyalty of any citi-
zen to the Government, or excite the least hostil-
i lty towards i he people of the other spction of the
; country. Why this difference? The people of
i the North know and understand everything that
; pertains to the South. Your newspapers are
i found m all our villages, and are read by ail classes
| of men. Southern men speak freely their opin-
ions at the North, both m public and private.
Freedom of speech and the press, liberty of thought
1 and action, are cvei y where piotected. We ask no
safeguard against error, but truth. Not so in the
South. Your people do not understand the feel-
ing, principles, and motives of the people of the
North. No northern man, who correctly repre-
sents the sentiments of the North, is permitted to
spt-ak to your people. No northern newspaper,
repiesentmg the political sentiments of the North,
is permitted to enter or be read in your States.
All that your people know of the principles and
intentions of the Republican party they have
learned from our political opponents. The more
of that kind of knowledge thev ha\e the less they
know of us. Fret dum of speech and the press is
everywhere in the South denied,and the passions
of your people are so constancy inflamed against
the people of the North that a northern man, when
in one of your States, is under th<?same surveil-
lance and restraint that he would be in an enemy's
country. Any expression of thought or opinion
not satisfactory to your people exposes him to
indignity, and sometimes to death.
if fieedom of speech and tin-press had never
been denied by you, the disumomsts in the South
