262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
3Gth Cong....2d Sess.
Any Compromise a Surrender—Mr. Gooch.
Ho. of Reps.
would be no more numerous or powerful to-day
than they are in the North. They would not
now be an appreciable quantity among the politi-
cal forces of the country. Here, I think, we find
the origin and cause of the evils which are now
upon us. Had freedom of speech and the pr^ss
been maintained with you as with us, it wouM
have been as impossible to make the people of
South Carolina revolt against this Government as
it would the people of the most loyal State in the
North. The principles and intentions of the men
of the Republican party would then have been
understood by your people; and although there
probably would have been a difference of opinion
in some respects as to what the action of this
Government should be in relation to slavery, still
that difference would never have led the people
of the South into rebellion against the Govern-
ment.
AU your people would have known, as you,
their Representatives, know, that we claim not
the right, and have not the wish, or intent, to in-
terfere with slavery or any other institution in
your States.
Under our system of government, freedom of
speech and the press is as essential to the safety
of thc Government as" to the protection of the
rights and liberties of the citizen. The evils that
are now upon us might have been foreseen as the
natural consequence of the suppression of free-
dom of speech the press, for many years, in
almost one half of our country.
Distrust arid fear of the Government, and hos-
tility towards tlie people of the other section of
the country, are its natural fruits. It is only in
the darkness mat men fear pit-falls and traps that
do not exist, and blows from unseen hands. This
it is that has given to a few restless radical men,
such as can be found in every community, power
to deceive and mislead the body of the people by
false representations as to the intentions of the
men elected to office, and the object and purposes
of the Republican party. Now, Mr. Speaker, if
it be true that the suppression of the freedom of
speech and the press has produced the evils which
are now upon n.s—and I think no man will deny
that theM'evils could not othcrwisehave happened
—then are you, men of the South, and you alone,
responsible for them; and you alone have the
power to cure them. Neitln r amendments to the
Constitution nor acts of legislation will furnish
the remedy. If you have permitted your people
to be deceived in telation to the principles, inten-
tions', and wishes of the Republican party, you
must go home and undeceive them. Give to them
the uewspapersand speeches of public men which
correctly represent the principles of the Repub-
lican party; lot them know the wishes and inten-
tions of the men now elected to office, and you
will do more to put down secession and rebellion,
and restore peace and harmony to the country,
than can be done by voting for all the amend-
ments to the Constitution that have been, or can
be, proposed. We have defined the position of
our party in relation to slavery, in the most sol-
emn manner by the action of the delegates of all
the people in national convention, and also by
resolutions in this JJouse, voted for by every Rep-
resentative upon this floor. We have not changed
or modified our principles in the least, nor do we
propose to do so. The doctrines of the Chicago
platform we propose to stand by, not because they
are the doetunes of tin; Chicago platform, but be-
cause we deem it essential to thegood of the coun-
try that these principles shall be earned out in the
administration oi the Government.
A constitutional majority of the people voted
for Mr. Lincoln because he is the representative
of these principles; and does any man suppose
that he or any man clccted to office with him will
abandon these principles now, m obedience to
threats or m compliance with entreaties? Does
any man in this House suppose that the Union
of these States can be maintained by constantly
compromising principle? It has often been said
by men on both sides of this House that the day
of compromises had gone by. if it is meant that
the day when principles can be compromised has
passed, 1 am glad of it. It ought never to have
come. He who sacrifices principle for present
peace. and prosperity only draws upon the future
for the means to purchase ease and tranquillity m
the present, and must repay" with usury. One !
compromise only makes way for another. In the }
world's history this truth has notbeen moraiully j
demonstrated than in the past action of this Gov- j
ernment. Hereafter let all questions be settled by 1
principle, instead of compromise. I cannot yield
my convictions of right and duty on one question
because others yield or pretend to yield theirs on
another. The people of this country have a right
to expect—yea, to demand—that the men they
have elected to office shall in office adhere Lo the
principles they have professed while candidates
for office.
The questions which now present themselves
to us must be met, not avoided. They involve
the integrity, if not the existence, of the Govern-
ment. In determining how these questions shall
be settled, we must consider, not merely what set-
tlement will show the best balances on ledgers at
the end of 1861, but what settlement will give
most security and stability to the Government,
and conduce most to the peace and happiness of
the millions who shall come after us.
We see, Mr. Speaker, that slavery has driven
six States into open rebellion against this .Govern-
ment, and the indications now are that it may
compel still other States to follow their example.
And this it has done, not because slavery has not
received all that it has wished from the Govern-
ment. Oh ! no; it has controlled the Government
almost all the time for the lasthalf century. What
slavery has willed the Government has executed.
And during all this debate I do not remember that
the first grievance received by any State from this
Government has been alleged, or the first com-
plaint against it made. Six States are in open
rebellion, without being able to bring the first, ac-
cusation against the Government or any of its
officers; and that, too, while a President elected
to office by these very States is still at the head
of the Government, a majority of the Senate their
especial friends, the Republican party in a minor-
ity in the House of Representatives, and the Su-
preme Court making decrees and giving opinions
especially acceptable to the South.
The only reason that can be assigned for this
rebellion at this time, is the fact that the people
have elected a President who will not use the in-
fluence and power of his office in favor of the
extension of slavery into the Territories, and
because slaveholders know that they will no
longer have the absolute control of the Govern-
ment. The personal liberty laws, of which we
hear so much, are no new enactments, they have
been on the statute-books of the States for years.
In some States they have been recently repealed;
in others modified. The doctrines of the Repub-
lican party m relation to slavery in the Territo-
ries are not new. They have been before the
people of the country for a long time, in 185(i
you joined issue with us on these same doctrines,
and we were defeated. We acquiesced in the
decision of the people, as we had always done
before, and always intended to do. In 1sg0, you
again joined issuewith us on the same doctrines,
and you were defeated. Each of us, by going
before the people and asking for votes, pledged
ourselves to abide by the decision of the people.
If we had been defeated, we should have acqui-
esced in that decision. You would have an-
swered us with scorn and contempt if we had
come here and demanded that the principles
which we had advocated, and the people had
rejected, should be incorporated into the Consti-
; tutiort. Yet this is exactly what is now asked of
i us. The amendments of the Constitution pro-
i posed by the distinguished Senator fiom Ken-
} tucky, [Mr. Crittenden-,] in behalf of slavery,
J include all that was asked for slavery in the
! Breckinridge platform, and even more. These
j propositions the people refused to accept as the
basis of the administration of the Government for
i four years, and now the demand is made that we
i shall recommend to the people to insert them into
i the Constitution, and that they shall forever be a
i part of the fundamental law of the land, without
i the possibility of alteration or repeal. Theamend-
i ments proposed by the gentleman from Maryland,
j [Mr. Harris,] commonly called the border-State
i propositions, although they do not propose to
! strike a fatal blow at the rights ofall the free colored
! men in our country, as does one of the proposi-
tions of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] are still liable to the same general objec-
tion. The doctrine of the North is that slavery is
a moral and social evil,aud ought not to be extend-
ed into the Territories of the United States. We
believe that every citizen of all the States has a
voiceandaresponsibihty in determining what shall
be the laws and institutions of the Territories; and
if we permit slavery to go into and exist in the
Territories, then we of the free States are as much
responsible for its existence there as is any citizen
of a slave State responsible for slavery in his State.
And for this reason we will not consent that slavery
shall be established in any of the Territories, either
by law or by constitutional amendment, if it is in
our power to preventit.
The obligations which the Constitution, as it
is, imposes upon us, we will perform, but we are
under no obligation to amend the Constitution for
the benefit of slavery. The first amendment*
of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
excludes slavery north of 36° 30', and fastens it
upon all territory south of that line; so that
neither Congress nor the people of the Territory
can ever abolish or prohibit it, but requires that
it shall be protected by all the departments of the
territorial government.
Now, sir, the prohibition north of 36° 30' is.
worthless to the North and to freedom. After the
experience in Kansas, I think the attempt will not
again be made to fasten slavery upon terntory
north of that line. This amendment is, in sub-
stance, that slavery shall be protected in all the
territory of the United States where the climate
and soil will permit it to exist; and it would have
been no more objectionable, but much more fair
and honest towards the people of the North, if it
provided in express terms that slavery should be
protected everywhere in the Territories where it
is possible for it to exist. It would then have de-
ceived nobody. The South agreed with the North,
forty years ago, that slavery should be excluded
from all the teiritory we then had north of that
line, and Missouri came into the Union as a slave
State.
The law excluding slavery continued unre-
pealed more than thirty years, and until it was
thought that slavery might be introduced into
Kansas; and then it was repealed by the South,
m violation of the compact with the North. The
attempt was made to force slavery into Kansas,
and a slave constitution upon the people. To ac-
complish this object, all the powers of slavery,
and all the powers of the Federal Government,
were employed. And the action of the highest
officers of the Government in relation to this mat-
ter furnishes the most disgraceful chapter in Amer-
ican history. The attempt failed ignomimously,
and covered with shame and disgrace ail who par-
ticipated in it. The experiment demonstrated
that slavery could not be planted above that line;
and now,the South, satisfied of thatfact,proposes
to prohibit slavery north of that line, where it
knows, by actual experiment, it can never go.
And, in return for this, slavery is to be established
and protected in all the territory south of that line,
by all the poweis of every department of the Gov-
ernment. And now, all the advantage being on
the side of the South, without the possibility of
change, the contract is to be made a part of the
Constitution, and irrepealablc.
Mr. Speaker, since the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, any proposition from the South to
the North to ad just this question on the line of
360 30', or any other line, is a simple insult. If
slavery is right in itself, or has the right under
* Art.\. In all the territory of the United States now held
oi hereafter acquired, tituated north ot latitude 36° 30',
slaverj or involuntary servitude, except as a pun^hmentfor
einnejis piohilnted while such territory shah remain under
teiiiionai governim'iit. 1;j ail ihe teiritury t-outh of kuti line
of latitude, now held or hereatter acquued, slaviy of the
African race it* heieby recognized as existing, and shall not
ho interfered with by Congiess, but shall he protected as
pioptrty by all the departments ot the territorial govern-
ment during its continuance; and when any Territory north
oi south of'said line, withm «uch boundaries as Concrcs
may prescribe, shall contain the population lequisif for a
member ot Congress, aecoiding to the then Federal latioof
repi escalation ot the people of the United States, it shall, if
its fotin of government be republican, be admitted into the
( Union on mi equal footing with the oiiginal States, with or
{ without slavery, as the constitution of such new State may
j provide.
