1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Si7
bility. It leaves a man nominally holding all the
responsibility before the country,and then itputs
a man m the Department who has all the power
because he holds a commission. It is all wrong.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, as far as I un-
derstand it, it appears to me that to make an As-
sistant Secretary under theamendment,is really to
put a head to the Navy proper, so far as discip-
line and management are concerned; and the As-
sistant Secretary being an old captain or an old
commodore, will be somewhat in the position to
the Navy that the commanding general is to the
Army. I think that it is well. A Secretary of
the I>Tavy does not understand many things that
a captain or a commodore does understand, any
more than a Secretary of War understands what
General Scott does understand better than any
one else living. So far as the objections yet made
are concerned, I am inclined to vote for the alter-
ation of the system. 1 do not feel any peculiar
jealousy of the Navy or the Army. This amend-
ment does not increase the cost of the service, as
I understand. It makes an officer, in some sense
at least, responsible; and it relieves the Secretary
of the Navy from the task of determining many
things as to detail which I know he cannot de-
termine.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that in
these troublous times it is not worth while to alter
the system. I do not apprehend that the altera-
tion is proposed with reference to these times at
all; but if there be trouble, or if there is to be
trouble, the Navy will not be any worse managed
by having a little more experience at its head.
Besides, as I understand it, the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Navy will have the same relations to
the head of the Navy Department as the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury has to the head of the
Treasury Department, or as the Assistant Secre-
tary of State has to the head of the State Depart-
ment. 1 understand it briefly to be, to give to
the Navy Department something like the sym-
metry there is in the War Department. As (un-
fortunately, as 1 think) there is no head of the
Navy as there is a head of the Army, no admiral,
no senior commodore, through whom all direc-
tions to the Navy go, as to matters of detail at
least, the Assistant Secretary will, in some sense,
supply that. I should be willing to go further, and
to make an acknowledged head of the Navy, as
there is of the Army in the person of General
Scott.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I believe that
the Navy Department is the least burdensome and
the least difficult of management of any of the
Departments of the Government. If the object
is to have a gentleman at the head of that Depart-
ment whose business it shall be to enjoy all the
emoluments, to attend Cabinet meetings, and to
dispense the political patronage of his Depart-
ment, but to transact none of the business, then |
of course you wantanAssistant Secretary. But, '
m truth, it seems to me it is only necessary to
have a man of good sense, willing to labor in his
Department, at the head of it, to secure its proper
administration. He has m the Department now
subordinate officers competent to afford him in-
formation upon all points in which he requires
professional advice. Hehasan old captain at the
head of the Bureau of Yards and Docks; he has
a captain also at the head of the Bureau of Hydrog-
raphy and Ordnance; an old purser at the head
of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, and a
competent person skilled in that business at the
head of the Bureau of Construction and Repairs.
If a Secretary cannot undertake to manage the
Department with the advice he gets from these
sources, it is because he has no brains or no will-
ingness to labor.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maryland a question for information. Is
there anybody to advise the Secretary of the
Navy officially upon questions of discipline in
the Navv ?
Mr. PEARCE. 1 do not know that there is
any one whose official business it is to advise him
on that point; but he has these old captains in
two of the bureaus which I have named, who, if
they are competent to anything, arc competent to
give him that advice. 1 view this new officer as
the fifth wheel to a coach. There is no sort of
necessity for it, in my judgment. As to the com-
manding general, he is not usually stationed at
Washington, and has not been for a number of
years. It is true the War Department confers
with him sometimes; but so the Secretary of the
Navy may confer with those officers who hold the
important bureaus of which I speak.
Nobody has yet designated any particular duty
in precise, specific terms, which is to be performed
by this Assistant Secretary of the Navy. The in-
tention seems to me to be to let the Secretaryship
be a sinecure; and have some real head taken from
the line to command the Navy. I do not think
this is necessary, and I do not think it is proper.
I have some doubt whether, if there is to be an
Assistant Secretary, he should be a captain in the
Navy. Unfortunately, we know that, honest as
these gentlemen are, and skillful as they are in
their profession, there is a great deal of jealousy,
a great deal of cliquism, in the Navy; and I be-
lieve you will contribute to more dissensions and
quarrels, if you have a captain of the line at the
head of the Navy Departmentin fact, but called an
Assistant Secretary, than you have now. What
you want is a competent man at the head of the
Department—a man of vigorous undet standing
and willingness to work; and that is all.
. Mr. CPJlTTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
long heard it as a subject of complaint, that some
such officeras thatnow proposed to be introduced
into the naval department, was not there. I differ
on this sub ject with great diffidence from my friend,
the Senator from Maryland. 11 seems to me strange
that the command and management of the Navy,
the decision of questions of discipline, of the rela-
tions of one officer to another, should be confided
to ti man who knows nothing at all about them.
We arc told that he has officers now around him
employed in his department who arc practical
naval men, and that he can consult with them.
This would be an argument against the employ-
ment of assistants in any department of the Gov-
ernment. Itmight be said: " Why have an As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury ? There are men
all about the street, and all about the hotels, who"
could be easily consulted by the Secretary." That
is not the thing. The purpose is to have a respons-
ible adviser, and one in whose capacity to give
advice the public has confidence. Itisto have not
only the ability, but to have thatabihty signalized
by the confidence of the country; that gives him
confidence and authority everywhere.
Now, sir, thereisagreat difference between the
organization of the Navy and of the War De-
partments. There is a great defect in the Navy
Department, in providing that official advice and
that official knowledge to assist the Secretary of
the Navy which are piovided for the Secietaiy of
War. Inhere is your adjutant general, not only
to advise but to do under the direction of the De-
partment and of the general-m-chief. You arc
sure of giving a military character, you are sure
of giving a military direction, to everything the
Secretary of War does, whether he knows any-
thing about the Army or discipline or not, under
the advice of these bureaus through whom he
must officially act. Why docs not the Navy
Department require the same thing?
The jealousy of the gentleman from Maine, it
would seem to me, ought to be directed with great
force against the military department as now con-
stituted. The argument seems to me to be to ex-
clude from the Navy Department all knowledge
of naval discipline and naval affairs. Can that be
right? Shall we catch up every six months, or
every year or two, a new Secretary of the Navy,
whose recommendations shall be, or whose real
character is—whatever his general intelligence—
that he knows nothing in particular about the ser-
vice ? He can know where navies ought to be
employed; he may know the general principles
upon which the Navy is regulated; but there are
a thousand minor considerations that enter into
the service, and that are necessary to give it Us
practical efficiency. Where are these to come
from? Not from the Secretary of the Navy, whom ;
| you do not presume to know anythingabout them; '
| and it is not desirable, perhaps, that he should,
j for he is a State officer, a civil officer. So let him
! fce. He ought to be a man of ability. He un-
j doubtedly will always be such; and the appre-
| hension is, that this assistant will usurp his pow-
I ers,and that the man who knowssomethmg about
i the business to be done will, of necessity, by force
■ of circumstances, obtain the ascendency oyer the
i man who knows nothing about it. That will gen-
i erallybe the case, I acknowledge; but who profits
by it ? The country. If the superior knowledge
of the subject which one man has gives him a
natural ascendency, so far as that ascendency is
founde4 on his superior knowledge, of. course it
is useful -to the country; and why should we not
have it ?
This amendment strikes me as remedying a
great defect, which has long existed in the Navy,
and which has occasioned an irresponsible and
unofficial adviser, the premier of the naval ser-
vice; or, if not so, has given the control to some
clerk, who, by force of long habit, and long in-
tercourse with officers of the Navy and with naval
affairs, has had some little smattering knowledge
beyond any amount even that the Secretary has.
These have been constant complaints ever since I
have heard of the Navy Department. The De-
partmentnow,itseems to me,from allthe accounts
1 have had of it, requires the application of a little
sterner government than has heretofore been ap-
plied to it. The government of it is not as stern
as the commanders of your ships would require.
Officers are not held to their proper places and
their proper duties; quarrels have arisen. These
things I have heard of, and some of them have
come to my knowledge. It is not governed as it
ought to be; and I hope that a remedy will be
found for it in the appointment of the officer now
proposed. I shall vote for the proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole argument,
Mr. President, proceeds upon the assumption
that you cannot find a man who is fit to be Sec-
letary of the Navy and discharge the duties of the
office. It may be that our experience hitherto,
especially in recent times, goes to confirm that
supposition; but my idea is, that there are men
in the country who can take charge of that De-
partment and discharge the duties of the office
well and faithfully and understandingly, I should
not think it was a great deal to learn what the
naval rules and regulations are; and at any rate,
when a man has the opportunity to consult with
those who are familiar with those rules, I should
suppose that, if disposed, he would soon be able
to accomplish that amount of learning.
Now, sir, I regard this as a mere scheme, which
will eventuate in making more division and trouble
in the Navy than we have had hitherto. A little
while ago,notmany years since,we had o certain
number of commissioners, who were called, I be-
lieve, the Navy Board. They administered certain
naval matters to the best of their ability; but being
naval men, they were finally dispensed with,and
we made bureaus in the Department—four, I be-
lieve. They are all under the charge of naval
men, and they are consulting and advising men;
and there is not an officer in the Navy, whose
experience is good for anything, whose advice
the Secretary may not have, if he chooses to ask
for it; and it is to be supposed that, if he is a sensi-
ble man, if we succeed in getting one of that class,
he will ask it if he needs it.
Those of us who have had any occasion to in-
quire as to naval matters, or have had anything
to do with naval officers, must be aware that the
service is full of trouble always; that there are
quarrels, differences of opinion, cliques, animosi-
ties, jealousies, rivalries intheservicecontinually.
Why, sir, not many years ago, with a view to
improve the Navy, we passed a law creating a
naval board, who should have power to retire cer-
tain officers. They discharged their duties; I do
not know how well; but we ali remember that for
years afterwards we had continual denunciations
of the unfairness and favoritism with which they
had discharged those duties. I believe they were
officers of the highest rank of the Navy. We
heard more than one moving appeal from the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky; and the voice of
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire was
loud here, day after day, in denunciation of the
wickedness of the whole proceeding; and it took
us years to get rid of the difficulty, and we only
gotnd of it by putting everybody backjust where
he was before. That was the lesult of n; show-
ing most conclusively the want of good feeling,
the want of trust, the want of everything that
j should be required to make a service of that kind
| what it should be, existing in the ranks of these
| officers.
; Well, now, what is proposed? Here is the
| civil arm of the service. It is under the control
; of a civilian. The head of it ought to be a man
! of eminent ability. He may be a man of eminent
