848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February 11.
ability, if the President chooses to select such a
person. He may have a chicf clerk under him
•who is able to aid him. He has four heads of
bureaus about him who can advise him at any
inoment. In addition to all this, he may have the
advice of any officer of the Navy, if he chooses to
ask for it. Now, it is proposed, instead of that,
•tfith reference to the discipline, with reference to
the assignment of command, with reference to all
that which creates feeling and creates difficulty in
the Navy, to select a captain, and put him there
to direct the whole thing. He will be held respons-
ible for it; and it will lead to innumerable quarrels
and difficulties. No man who valued his peace
would take the head of that Department with such
an officer about him. He would rather take the
responsibility himself. Therefore, the whole ar-
gument addresses itself to my mind with no force
Whatever. I may be wrong about it; but it appears
to me to be the very worst thing for the service
itself that we could possibly do; and I sincerely
hope that the amendment which is proposed will
not be adopted. We may as well carry it into the
Army 
Mr. GRIMES. We do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whom do we have in the
Department of War occupying the someposition?
Mr. GRIMES. The Adjutant General.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. He is not
connected with the Department in that shape.
Mr.GRIMES. Yesheis. Heissuestheorders;
he assigns every man to Ins duty.
•Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh! do you propose to
nmke a new bureau ?
Mr. GRIMES. That is the duty imposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then propose it in that
shape; but Here you propose to put him directly
into the Department to manage its affairs. If you
want to make another bureau, bring it up in that
shape and we will discuss it; but not in the shape
in which it is now proposed. I hope the Depart-
ment may continue as it is at present, so far as
this matter is concerned, tu any rate. I do not
care about it, one way or the other, except as I
believe it will be highly injurious and produce
difficulties all around.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine says
that this proposition is predicated upon the idea
that we are going to have a Secretary of the Navy
who is incompetent to discharge the duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We nearly always have.
Mr. GRIMES, lie might just as well say that
the law which requires that there shall be two
post captains at the head of two diiferent bureaus
is predicated on the same state of things; for you
have on your statute-book a law which requires
that two post captains shall be at the head of two
particular bureaus. He might, with the same
reason, apply his argument to that law, as to the
one now proposed. I have no doubt the Senator
is correct in saying that there area!! sorts of rival-
ries and cliques; and there will always be so long
as Senators shall listen to the advice of old water-
logged captains who lie around the Capitol. We
propose, in this ease, to have an official officer con-
nected with the Secretary of the Navy, who slial5
stand exactl) in the isnnie relation to him that the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury occupies to
the Secretary of the Treasury. Was the suppo-
sition a legitimate one, when that law was pro-
posed, that the Secretary of the Treasury would
not be competent to discharge the duties of his
office? Was the supposition a legitimate one,
that the Secretary of State would not bo compe-
tent to discharge the duties of his office, when
you enacted that the President should have the
power to select an Assistant Secretary of State?
If that was not a legitimate supposition, then I
should like to know by what authority it ia that
the Senator norn Maine supposes we are acting
upon the hypothesis that we are to have, or that
we have had, Secretaries of the Navy who are
uttcily incompetent to discharge the duties ?
it has been said here that there are persons con-
nected with the Navy Department upon whom
the Secretary of the Navy may call for specific
information in regard to the personnel of the Navy.
There are some very worthy gentlemen connected
With bureaus m the Navy Depaitment.
Air. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? 1 do not object par-
ticularly to the appointment of an officer to per-
form tins special duty. All I object to is, that
you designate where lie shall come from. In se-
lecting an Assistant Secretary of State, are you
bound to take him from any special class of men;
or, when you select an Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, are you bound to take him from among
the collectors or any other class ? You take him
where you can find him; you take a competent
man.
Mr. GRIMES. I was going on to say that it
is true we have two very worthy naval gentlemen
at the head of bureaus of the Navy Department.
Their particular specialties are: one, that of ord-
nance, and the other that of docks and yardsT If
the Secretary of the Navy wants any information
in regard to ordnance matters, of course he ap-
peals to the gentleman who is at the head of that
bureau. He has devoted himself for years, prob-
ably, to that particular question, and is able to
give specific and correct information upon that
subject. So, too, when he wants information in
regard to any particular dock or navy-yard} he
appeals to the chief of that bureau, and there lie
obtains it. But suppose the Senator from Maine
should be appointed Secretary of the Navy under
the incoming Administration—a place which I
should like to see him hold, and I have no doubt
he would make an admirable Secretary of the
Navy—and suppose, the first day after he entered
on the discharge of that duty, he should be re-
quired to fit out a ship to go to the Pacific ocean;
he has to assign officers to that command: to
whom is he going to apply? Who is going to
enlighten him as to the capabilities of particular
officers to discharge the duties that may be as-
signed to them ? Who is goingto tell him whether
tlus man or that man is a competent man—is the
right man for the right place? He has nobody.
He appeals to the heads of these bureaus. One
of them can tell him about docks; another can tell
him about guns; another can tell him about pro-
visions and clothing; another can tell him about
medical stores; but none can toll him anything in
regard to the personnel of the service—what may
be the capacities of any particuhu officer to dis-
charge a particular duty. Now, we propose to
place there some man who is familiar with the
service, who is familiar with the men m the ser-
vice; and that is the reason why we choose to take
a man from the line of the Navy, a man who is
familiar with the duty that any particular officer
may be called upon to perform, who is supposed
to know the character of these officers, and know
what duties they are particularly adapted to; and
he is the man to whom the Secretary of the Navy
can appeal. I luwe no paiticular inteiest about
this matter; I am only acting upon the sugges-
tions that have been made to the Senate for a se-
ries of 3'ears, and I believe have been concurred
in by mostof the active officers of the service.
Mr. PEARCE. The argument of the Senator
from Iowa is an argument for the creation of a
iic-w office m the Navy Department, corresponding
with that of AdiutantGeneral in the Army. That
is all; but that argumentdocs not suit the present
case. The present plan is to make an Assistant
Secretary 
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the Senator what
difference it makes as to what we christen him?
We assign certain duties to him. You may call
him adjutant general for aught I care. We pro-
pose to call linn Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
and assign certain duties to him to perform.
Mr. PEARCE This is an assignment of a
special duty which the Senator has just now men-
tioned, that of advising theSecretaiy of the Navy
in the choice of officers to command squadrons.
That corresponds, I think, with the duty which
belongs to the Adjutant General m the War De-
partment. He has, therefore, given us one speci-
fication of what is wanted in this case—what he
professes to want; but it applies only to the cre-
ation of a different office Irom that of Assistant
Secretary, an office corresponding, whatever the
title may be, to that of Adjutant General; but this
proposes to put him in office as a second head to
the Department; in fact, to do the work while the
other does nothing.
That, I am inclined to think, is pretty much
the result of assistants in the Departments any-
how.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KENNEDY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer the foliow-
ingamcndmentjasan additional section to the bill:
And be it further cnactcd, That the compensation of the
superintendent of the naval astronomical expedition to
Chiii shall be tliat provided by the act of March 3,1851,
entitled "An act making appropriations for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1852," from the 17th of September, 1855,
and that the amount necessary to pay the same be, and is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to submit the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the first
section:
For the completion of the charts of the survey of the La
Plate, $6,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what that is ?
Mr. GRIMES. It isan appropriation of $6,000
for the completion of the charts of the La Plata
river, the survey of which was made by Com-
mander Page, of the Navy. The charts have been
partially completed. At various times, §15,000
have been appropriated. This will complete the
chart as far as the La Plata and all its tributaries
have been surveyed. It is deemed to be necessary
and very important to the commerce of the coun-
try, which is being very much extended in that
direction, that these charts should be completed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.GRIMES. I have anotheramendmentfrom
the Committee on Naval Affairs, to insert several
additional sections, which I ask the Secretary to
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the grade of assistant pay-
master in the Navy of the United States be, and is hereby,
established; and that from and after the passage of this
act, the President of the United State*, by arul with the
advice and consent of the Senate, may appoint twenty-one
assistant paymasters from time to time, as they shall be
needed for active service in the Navy: Provided, That not
moie than live assistant paymasters shall be appointed in
any peuod of six months, except to provide for filling va-
cancies in the corps of paymasters, as hereinatter men-
tioned : And provided, further, Tliat no person shall be ap-
pointed an assistant paymaster in the Navy except graduates
of the Naval Academy, if any such graduates shall, at the
time ol such appointment,be applicants theiefoi,and shall
m other respects comply with the leqnirements of the act.
And that whenever a vacancy shall occur in the grade of
paymaster in the Navy, an additional assistant paj master
shall be appointed, until thy number of paymasters shall be
ledueed to fifty; after which the numbers, respectively,
shall not exceed fifty paymaster and thirty-five assistant
paymasters., and all subsequent vacancies shall be filled by
jeguiar piomoiions tiom the grade of assistant paymasters.
That eveiy peison who shall be appointed assistant pay-
master shall, at the time ot his appointment, he not less
than twenty-one yeais of age nor moie than twenty-six
yeais; and that, previous to his appointment, his qualifi-
cations and fitness lor the office shall be inrjuned into and
iavorably leporred upon by aboard of paymasters appointed
for that purpose by the Secretary of the Navy, and under
such regulations as he may prescribe.
Jind be it fui titer enacted, That the annual pay of assist-
ant paymasters shall be ar> tollows : on duly at sea for the
first five years afier date ot commission, #1,400; after five
yeais ftom date of commission, $1,G00; on other duty for
the first live years alter date ot commission, §1,100 : alter
five yeais liorn date of commission, $1,300 ; on leave of
absence oi waiting orders lor the first five years after date
of commission, $800; aiter five years fiom date of com-
mission, $1,000. And it is hereby expressly declared that
the yearly pay provided m this net is nil the pay, compen-
sation, and allowance that shall be received, under any cir-
cumstance-.. by assistant pa>mastcrs, except one ration
each poi day when attached to vessels for sea service, and
except also for traveling expenses when under orders, for
which ten eenl-. per mile shall be allowed.
And he it Jurther e-aacte.i, That liom and after the pas-
sago o( this uetno commanding otlicei of any vessel in the
Navy snail lie icquiied to poilorm the duties of paymaster
or assi -tant pavmaster; nor shall any appointment of act-
ing pay master or acting ns-u-tdnt payni.i5-.ter be made, unless
such office shall become vacant by death oi otherwise m
ships at sea, or on foreign stations, or on the Pacific coast
ol the United State-, in which case the &enior oihcci pres-
ent may make an acting appointment of any fit pcr-on to
perform the duties until another paymaster or arista ntpay-
ma^tei shall report for duty. Any person performing the
duties of paymaster oi assistant pa\ master in accordance
with thiv section, but not othoiw i-c>. .-hall be entitled to
receive the pay of such guide while so acting.
And be it further cnacted, That each assistant paymaster
shall, upon his appointment, enter into bonds m the amount
of,£10,000. with ar tea-t two good and sufficient secuuties
foi the faithful perfoimanco of his duties, and that a-sist-
ant paymaster shall have lankand precedence with assist-
ant suigeons not passed.
Mr. GRIMES. I will very briefly explain the
proposition that I am authorized to submit by the
Committee on Naval Affairs. There arc at this
time sixty-four purser,s or paymasters in the na-
val service of the United States, of whom eight
are entirely unfit for duty, being disabled in vari-
ous -ways, some of them insane; leaving, there-
fore, only fifty-six who arc efficient, active men,
capable of performing the duties that are required
