1861.1
APPENDIX "TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
The Crisis—Mr. Haskin.
Ho. of Eeps.
Carolina in 1832-33; and if this is not sufficient,
to lefer totSic speech of that distinguished states-
man in the Senate of the United States on the ad-
mission of California as a free State. In that
speech he enunciated the principle of an irrepres-
sible conflict existing between the free and slave
States, which has since been advocated so earn-
estly by Mr. Seward, and insisted upon an
amendmcutto the Constitution of the United States
for the purpose of preserving an equilibrium, as
he termed it, in the political power of the two al-
leged antagonistic sec%ons. Foreseeing that the
natural growth of the northern and western States,
and the emigration from Europe, would give the
free States the advantage in the Territories, and
that the admission of free States would soon de-
stroy the controlling political influence of the siave
States in the Government, he also proposed an
amendment to the Constitution, providing for a
dual Presidency, a plan which his Virginia dis-
ciple [Mr. Hunter] a short time ago revived in
the Senate.
In 1833, the pretext for rebellion was the nulli-
fication of the revenue laws. General Jackson,
a southern statesman, with a force of will and a
strength of character which made his name im-
moi tal, and gave his party enduring strength, met
the rebellious opposition of South Carolina, in its
incipient stages, as bccamc the chief executive
officer of a great nation; enforced the laws, vindi-
cated the sovereignty of the Federal Government,
and strengthened the influence of the country at
home and abroad. The treasonable spirit then
strangled by the patriot Jackson, has since been
secretly cherished by the followers of Mr. Cal-
houn, who have looked with longing eyes for an
opportunity to precipitate a sufficient number of
the southern States into a revolution, to make them
independent of the North and lead to the organi-
zation of a southern confederacy, the reopening
of the African slave trade, and the establishment
of free trade.
As this was their design, let us see how they
set about accomplishing it. The present Admin-
istration came into power upon the doctrine of
non-intervention by Congress with the slavery
question, either in the States or the Territories.
Mr. Buchanan was covered all over with pledges
to faithfully carry out that principle; and, at the
time of his inauguration, no one doubted Ins pur-
pose to do so; but he proved lalse to his plighted
faith, and, m the hope of securing a ifnited South
in favor of his rcnomination and reelection for
another term, lent his Administration to those who
were determined to make a direct and fatal issue
with the North, by insisting upon extending sla-
very into the Territories at ail hazards. There
is no doubt that he assisted, and, indeed, I have
good reason to believe that he obtained from the
Supreme Court of the United States, the notorious
decision in the Dred Scott case, giving the South
the color of the right to have " persons held to
service or labor" considered, in the eyes of the
law. "chattel property," entitled to all the pro-
tection which that description of property receives
under the common law. This accomplished, he
next, boidlv and recklessly, attempted to force
Kansas into the Union as a slave State, under the
Lecompion constitution, against the well-known
wishes of her people. Fortunately, he failed; but
it was no fault of his that the pro-slavery, disunion
party did not receive the important icmforcement
of two Senators and one Representative m Con- ,
gress, from Kansas. With the ability and cun- j
nmg for which they are noted, the disciples of j
Calhoun even managed to tui n this defeat to their ;
advantage, by proclaiming that it was an attack |
of the Abolitionists of the North upon the lights j
of the South,and appealed to theirpeople whether j
they would tamelysubmit to be thus overridden, !
and become a powerless minority m the Govern- !
ment. The southern mind became inflamed, and j
these wily politicians seized the moment when ;
passion had taken the place of judgment, to or- :
gamze a party whose object should be the over- ,
throw of the Government. The first step in the
conspiracy was to destroy the credit of the Gov- j
eminent at home and abroad, and thus paralyze
the Federal arm; and, how well they have sue- i
ceeded! !
Look at the prominent part they have been al- j
lowed to play in the disorganization and demor- I
alization of the executive power. Recall the
condition of the country in 1857, at the commence-
ment of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and before the
Lecompton issue was raised. Our prosperity was
the wonder of the world, our fraternal concord
and happiness an example that inspired kings and
princes with terror. Now what a spectacle we
present! Treason has almost done its work.
Where are the twenty odd million dollars surplus
then in the Treasury ? Mr. Cobb furnished them
with wings, and they have flown away. With
a prodigal liberality that amazed us all at the time,
he redeemed United States securities at the ruin-
ous premium of sixteen per cent., and in less than
one year after he made this ostentatious display
of the wealth of the Government, he was obliged
to ask a loan of $20,000,000. Our receipts of
revenue from exports sadly diminished, while the
cost of collecting it was increased millions of dol-
lars, to pension an army of political hacks who
had supported the Lecompton swindle. In the
other departments, especially the War and the
Navy, the expenditures were increased twofold
beyond those of the administrations of Polk and
Fillmore. The sale of the Fort Snelling reserva-
tion to political favoutes and private agents of
Governor Floyd, and the purchase of Willet's
Point, through the instrumentality of the same
persons, were giievous public wiongs, which the
country has not forgotten. The Utah war was
also a part of the conspiracy to rob and break up
the Government. There was no just ground for
Us commencement; but it was prosecuted even
after the fact had become patent to all that the
only effect of quartering; an army there was to
furnish money andsupphes to the Mormons,and
thus sustain an institution which is a blot upon
civilization. Necessity would have compelled the
Mormon people to disband their society had not
Governor Floyd seized their foolish acts as a pre-
text to enable himself and fiiends to plunder the
Treasury. The same lust for riches which has
seemed to distinguish every member of this Ad-
ministration induced the foolish andunnccessary
Paraguay expedition, carried on under the direc-
tion of the President and Secretary Toucey, and
resulting only in the loss of millions of the public
money, recklessly squandered by these untrust-
worthy guardians of the interests of the Govern-
ment. It is not necessary to multiply these famil- j
mr instances of extravagance They justify me
in sayjng that the.expenditures undci this Ad-
ministration dmtng the last*ycar, which leached
about eighty million dollars, against an income of
about thirty-five million dollars to meet them, ;
have been suicidal to the best interests of the ;
country. The Government is now in debt to the
extent of ^>100,000,000. j
What I have here given is but afamtoutline of ,
the part taken by Mr. Buchanan and his Cabinet ,
in the conspiracy to undermine the foundation of 1
the Republic; but my time will not peimit nic to <
go more fully into details, and I will now ask ,
your attention for a few moments to the couise !
pursued by thedoclared leaders m thatconspiracy.
Some short time befnte the assembling of the ■
Chnileston convention, a number of Senators
held a caucus in tins city, and levived, m a moie
exclusive form, the old congressional caucus sys- '
tem. It mattered not to them that the Dcmociacv
had once before indignantly spurned c.ongiessionai
influence when that influence had attempted to put
the favorite of the people, Jackson, aside. They
had a game to play; and the populai vengeance
was the very thing they wished to biing down ,
upon the party, whose dictator they assumed to be. '
With an indecency only excelled by their acts of ,
impudent mteiference and tyranny, they sent one
of their number, John Slideli., of Louisiana, to '
Charleston as their plenipotentiary, to secure the
adoption by the convention, and the publication
to the world, of their caucus resolutions as the
platform of the Democratic party. Failing in this, j
he was to induce every delegate he could influence !
to bolt, and thus disorganize the party which had ;
always proved the friend and piutector of all the !
just lights of the South. The convention rejected j
these caucus resolutions, and a portion of the
southern delegates withdrew, but they afterwards
had the unblushing effrontery to present them- j
selves and demand admission to the convention at \
its adjourned meeting in Baltimore, in order to j
complete their work of disorganization. By this
course they succeeded in disturbing the harmony
of the proceedings there, and furnishing an excuse
for the withdrawal of other delegates, who united
with them, and nominated two pliant candidates.
These candidatesaccepted the responsibility, took
the field, and defeated the regularly-nominated
candidates, for President and Ytcc President, but
they could have derived little personal satisfaction
from a result which proved that their own people
repudiated them,and that their political standing
in their own States was forever destroyed.
I chargc that these bolters are directly respons-
ible for the election of Abraham Lincoln. They
made no concealment of their preference for him
as against the regular Democratic nominee; one
of their most eloquent and finished orators [Mr.
Benjamin] declaring boldly in the Senate, some
time before the election, that lie prefened Lin-
coln to Douglas. He spoke for all the conspira-
tors.
Mr. Speaker, in view of what I have stated re-
garding this nefarious plot, in which Mr. Buch-
anan and three members of his Cabinet have been
prominent actors, it is due to the truth of history
to connect with them the name of one, who has
been the Richelieu of Mr. Buchanan, ** the power
behind the thione greater than the throne itself,"
who did much to accomplish his nomination at
Cincinnati, and has done more since to destroy
his fame and his country than any other man. I
allude to John Slicell, of Louisiana. The in-
troduction of his celebrated thirty million scheme
for the purchase of Cuba, was the mere corollary
of the Ostend conference manifesto of his chief,
lie used all hiseneigies to carry it through Con-
gress, vainly supposing that with the aid of the
money, if he did not get Cubav he might secure
the nomination of the Democratic party for the
Piesidency. Mr. Buchanan, I have no doubt,
when he found that he could not be renominated,
dcsin.d him for his successor. But all Mr. Sli-
de li A efforts were vain. The villainy ofFloyd,
the failure of the Paraguay expedition under Sec-
retary Toucey, the bankrupt condition of the
Treasury, to say nothing of the defeat of the Le-
compton policy of the Administration by the cham-
pion of popular sovereignty. Senator Douglas,
and the unpurchnsable anti-Lecompton Repre-
sentatives in this House, all tended to the over-
tinow of his daihug scheme. He was obliged,
reluctantly, to abandon it, and to devote his Ma-
chiaveban energies to the defeat of Dovglas at
Charleston,and the destruction of the Democratic
party. He was the master spirit and director of
the secession movements at Charleston and Bal-
timore, and in the organization of the secedevs
into a patty, the mission of which was the ulti-
mate foimation of a southern confederacy.
Immediately upon the result of the presidential
election being made known, South Carolina inau-
gurated her disunion movement, for the purpose
of precipitating the cotton States into a revolution,
to use the language of Mr. Yancey. This was a
signal for those who sympathize d with this move-
ment in the Cabinet to increase their spoliations
upon the public pioperty. Floyd did his part m
depleting the Treasury, by plundering it of over
six million dollars, while at the same time he or-
dered arms belonging to the northern States from
arsenals m the North, to the (South, to be placed
in the hands of rebels and traitors. Cobb did all
in his power to depreciate the value of the stocks
of the United States, and ruin its credit; and the
whole executive department became tbeactive and
efficient ally of South Carolina and the secession-
ists ni their unholy crusade against the Union.
The events of the last few weeks have proved that
no ciedit is due the President for the fact that we
still have a Government. But for the providential
removal of Major Anderson from Fort Moultrie
to Fort Sumter, and his impregnable position and
patriotic,defiant attitude, it is doubtful whether,
at this time, the so-called ptovisional government
of the southern confederacy, established at Mont-
gomery, would not be the government dc facto
of fifteen slave States, and the States which we
represent on this floor waifs on the great sen of
revolution, into whose dreadful vortex the old
ship of State would ero this have been hurried.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot cherish the hope that
any compiomise which may be devised by the
