850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ucated to that of a mere clerk to keep the accounts
of forty or fifty men. It is an ahsurdity, sir. We
do not need these officers. A captain's clerk is
perfectly competent; and the duty should be im-
posed on him of keeping the accounts of these
small vessels. The whole thing is an absurdity.
Anybody can keep the accounts.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Iowa
to inform me whether, if we vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, we do away
with that, proposed provision about giving the
pursers rank. I do not think they ought to have
rank. Rank should go with the sword.
Mr. GRIMES". The rank is provided for in an
old law.
Mr. HUNTER. An old law?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes; a law that has been in
existence for several years.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. , ,
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope, now, the amend-
ment as amended will be voted down; it is need-
Mr. HALE. There is a verbal amendment
which I wish to suggest to the amendment; 1 do
not know whether the Senator from Iowa lias
made it or not. His limitation, as reported, is,
that nobody shall be appointed to the oflice of
assistant paymaster under the age of twenty-one
nor over the age of twenty-six. Thirty was the
period which was agreed upon;and twenty-six is
there by mistake. It should read that nobody
shall be appointed less than twenty-one nor more
than thirty years of age. 1 wish that correction
to be made.
Mr. GRIMES. It should be so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The correction
will be made.
The amendment, as amended, was rejected—
ayes ten, noes not counted.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Naval A Hairs:
And be it further enacted, That all appropriations now or
hereafter made for the preparation or publication ol lotciitn
hydrograpluc surveys, shall only be applicable to their ob-
ject upon the approval by the Secrciaiyof the Navy, and a
report from three competent naval officer?, to the effect that
the original data for the proposed charts arc such as to .no-
tify their publication; and it is hereby made the duty of the
Secretary of the Navy to order a board of thice naval offi-
cers to examine and report upon said data belore he shrill
upprove of any application ol money to the preparation or
publication of the said charts or liydiographic results.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate listened to that, I
think they will be unanimously for it. It is a re-
striction upon the publication of charts and maps,
and requires that before they are published they
shall be submitted to the inspection of a board ot
officers to be detailed by the Secretary of the
Navy. It is intended as a cheek upon the pub-
lication of worthless maps and charts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Disorder is so
general that it is impracticable to proceed with
The business before the body. The Chair requests
Senators to preserve order.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question on concurring in all the amend-
ments, made as in Committee of the Whole, un-
less certain amendments be indicated for a sepa-
rate vote.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for a separate vote on the
amendment for the creation of assistant pursers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was re-
jected; and therefore the question does not arise
on concurring in that amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall offer it again.
Mr. POLK. I move to except the amendment
providing for the appropriation of £1,200,000, for
ihe building of seven screw steamers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved for a separate vote. The
Chair will put the question on concurring in all
the amendments, except that making provision
for new steamers.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the following amend-
ment:
And be it further ctiaeted, That the Secretary of the Navy
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be constructed
for the United States Navy, at as early 9 day as practicable,
having due regard to efficiency and economy, seven steam
screw sloops-of-war, of the second class, as vessels are
fated in the Navy, with full steam power, whose greatest
>/
draught of water shrill not exceed fourteen feet, which sloops
shall combine the heaviest armament and greatest speed
compatible with then character and tunnage : and lor the
puipose above specified, the sum of $1,200,0U0 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money 111 the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
the diiection of tin; Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. POLK. The same provision was offered
at the last session as an amendment to an amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Mallory.] Then it was voted down by a vote
of 23 to 14. For myself, I cannot see that there
has been any change in the condition of the coun-
try, and especially m the condition of the Treas-
ury, which makes that advisable now which the
Senate decided to be unadvisable when this same
matter was before us at the last session. I have
before me the yeas and nays on that occasion.
Mr. IIALE. Was not that a larger number
of steamers?
Mr. POLK. No, sir.
Mr. BRAGG. Read the yeas and nays.
Mr. POLK. On the 18th of June last:
"On motion by Mr. Mallory, to amend the amendment
proposed by Mr. Wilson, by striking out all after the vvoid
-Piovidcd,' and, in heuthcicof, inseiimg:
« That the Seeretaiv of the Navy be, nnd he is hereby,
authorized to cau*c to be constiucted, equipped,and armed
for the Navy, as early as may be consistent with economy
and efficiency, fovon screw sloops-of-vvar, not exceeding
foui teen feet in draught, at the Government yawls or by con-
tract, as the Secretary may deem advisable lor the public
interests; the models, construction, equipment, and arma-
ment of naid vessels to be devised by a boaid composed of
one captain, one commander, one lieutenant, tbiee con-
structors, and three engineersof the Navy, under the diiec-
tion and approval of the Secretary of the Navy, to be em-
ployed in the suppression of the slave trade; and for this
purpose the sum of §1,000,000 is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in thoTieasuiy not otherwise appropriated."
The number is exactly the same—seven—and
the draught is the same. Indeed, I suppose the
jnesontamendment was framed pretty much on the
idea of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Florida at the last session. On that amend-
ment the yens wore 14, and the nays 25:
"The yeas and nays bein^ desired by one fifth of the
Senator- piesent,
'• Tho,o who voted m the atTmnative are :
<< Me.-.-r>, Camcion, Chandler, Clark, Doohttle, Foster,
Gililies, Km?, Mallory, Seward, Simmons, Suuinei, Thom-
son. Wade, Wilson.
<' Tliose who voted in the negative are :
" Messrs. Bingham, lliagsr, Hi own, dies nut, Crittenden,
Fitzpatilek, Gieeti, Ctviii, Hale, Hemphill, Hunter, iver-
son, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Nicholson, I'carec, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian,
Wigtall, Yulee."
Mr. President, I think that this is a very inop-
portune time to undertake to build seven new
steamers, and to appropriate $1,200,000 for that
object. 1 tlnnk that in these matters it would be
well to act as we would in our private affairs. If
we were strained and in difficulties, instead of
incurring new liabilities, wo should be disposed
to reduce and retrench as much as we could. I
think it is eminently proper, ill the condition in
which the Treasury is, that we should do so now.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I suppose none
will deny that the credit of this Government is
most seriously impaired. In two attempts to raise
comparatively small sums of money, in two loan
bills of $5,000,000, the first was taken at the rate
of twelve per cent., and the last, after very great
efforts, us we are informed, ill the circles of the
capitalists of New York, for reasons satisfactory
to them, they managed to bring down tile rate of
interest to ten per cent. Such a condition of the
public credit has been unknown to the Govern-
ment except during the war of 1812. We cannot
shut our eyes to these facts. The credit of this
Government lias fallen so far below the credit of
the States, that we learn from the newspapers the
Government is going to the States and asking them
to indorse its credit. The necessity, the grinding
necessity of this Government has compelled Con-
gress, within the last few days, to authorize an
additional loan of $25,000,000. The actual need
and destitution of the Government, although Us
credit has fallen below that of the individual
States, has compelled Congress to go again and
ask for an additional loan of $25,000,000, and the
bill is framed in such a manner as to authorize the
financial officer of the Government, the Secretary
of the Treasury, to take the money upon any
terms he can get it. The bonds of the Government,
bearing six per cent, interest, are to be thrown
into the market for what they will bring.
In this state of tilings, we have a proposition
brought in here from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to incur an expenditure at present of
P,200,00.0, and prospectively, of some three, or
four, or five hundred thousand more. For what
purpose? For any pressing necessity ? No. The
necessities of the Government for money are pres-
sing. Is this apressing necessity for expenditure?
No. It is to increase the military power of this
Government in its naval service. Is there any
pressing necessity forthat? Sir, I have observed,
in the remarks that have been made ill debate here
by members of the Naval Committee, that they
thought it necessary to apologize for the expend-
iture of some fifteen or twenty thousand dollars
to repair naval barracks that were in dilapidation
and decay, as a measure of economy. They thought
it necessaiy to apologize in the condition of the
country, for that comparatively small expendi-
ture. But now they come in at once and ask for
$1,500,000, when there is no necessity, as they
allege, for an increase of the Navy.
Now, sir, why is the Navy to be increased? Is
there any demand for these steamers? Is there
any such pressing necessity upon the military arm
of the country to be strengthened, as to induce
Congress to borrow money at the ruinous rates
we are now compelled to pay, to strengthen it?
I ask Senators on the other side to state what the
necessity is. Is there any apprehension of war?
Is there any apprehension that this Government
may find itself unable to defend itself on any sud-
den emergency, that will justify us in borrowing
money at this ruinous rate for the purpose now
of increasing the Navy? The honorable Senator
from Iowa,representing,as beseems to do chiefly,
theCommittec on Naval Affairs on this question,
has said that there is no purpose in the world,
that he knows of, requiring any immediate war-
like use of this increase of the Navy. He says it
was recommended some two or three years ago,
and not then adopted. But that honorable Sen-
ator does not tell us why it is proposed now,
in the present emergent condition of the public
finances.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will allow me,
1 will state that it is recommended now by the
Secretary of the Navy; and, furthermore, that
since the last session of Congress there has been
a survey of the naval vessels of the United States,
many of which have been found to be utterly
worthless; and that, I apprehend, is one reason
why a good many gentlemen, who were recorded
as having voted against the proposition last year,
voted as they did on the present occasion.
Mr. POLK. I suggest to the Senator, that the
Secretary of the Navy did not recommend seven.
He recommends a gradual increase, if I do not
mistake the language that is used.
Mr. GRIMES. Naval gentlemen consider
seven a very gradual increase. .
Mr. MASON. Well, Mr. President, when that
Senator has been longer in the public service I
suspect he will find that naval gentlemen consider
a very small increase that which we, who have
regard for the public finances, would consider a
very large increase. 1 am not answered when I
am told by the honorable Senator that they have
found out since then that many of these vessels
were in decay, and unfit for service. What is the
public emergency that calls foi this increase of the
naval force when we have no war? Our com-
merce is not unprotected; we hear of no complaint
there. We have no unredressed grievances m any
part of the world, that I know of, that call for an
increase of the Navy. Why, then, when we are
borrowing money at a rate of usance unknown to
this Government, is it asked that we should ex-
pend §1,500,000 for the increase of the Navy, and
the increase of this peculiar kind of naval ves-
sels—vessels of small di aught of water, and which
are to be, as the amendment requires, heavily
aimed in proportion to their draught and size?
Why, sir, we know from the newspapers, that a
bill is about to bo introduced, or has been intro-
duced, into the other branch of Congress, provid-
ing for a military surveillance upon those States
that are no longer portions of tins Confederacy.
, We have had a bill introduced into the Senate by
j the honorable Senator from Vermont, authorizing
J the President of the United States, under circum-
j stances stated m the bill, to discontinue the ports
! of entry -
| Mi. 'COLLAMER. Will the gentleman allow
i me a moment5
; Mr. MASON. Certainly.
