18RL]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
of)TII Coxg....2D SESS.
The Crisis—Mr. HasJdn.
Ho. of Reps.
agitation North and South. Hud Mr. Buchanan,
the representative of the j)arty, faithfully adhered
to and carried out this principle, there would not
now be a murmur of discontent in the country;
but he changed front in a wrong cause, to please
the extremists of the South, and in doing so lost
the confidence of the people and caused the over-
throw of the Democratic party. The ruin which
he lids brought upon that party 1ms afforded the
Republicans the first opportunity they have hod
of making their party national, and this they
might do by simply adopting the principle of non-
intervention which he betrayed. Such a patriotic
course would rally to tlftrir support the Union
men of the whole country, and the Republican
party would become irresistible.
The honest popular sovereignty Democrats can-
not act in concert with the disuniomsts, and the
past furnishes sufficient evidence that their coop-
eration and aid is not to be despised. It was their
opposition to the Lecompton and English bills,
and their exposure of the corruptions of the pres-
ent Administration, which secure'd to Mr. Lincoln
the support of a united North at the last election.
They were the powerful allies of the Republican
party in the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and in the
subsequent elections of 1858, and in the organiza-
tion of the present House enabled that paity to
triumph. We have, in common, the same desire
to extend to our brethren of the South all the pio-
tection to their persons and property to whi.-h
they are constitutionally entitled, and to rid the
Goveininent of the horde of unnecessary office-
holders and speculators, who, like the locusts of
Egypt, have, during the last four ycais, been rob-
bing the people and eating up the substance of the
land. We have also in common the same determ-
ination to preserve the Federal Union, maintain
the Constitution, and enforce the laws; and it is
to be hoped that Mr. Lincoln may so liberalize or
democratize his policy as to form a great Union
party, composed of Ameiican Republicans and
true Democrats, which will be able to meet and
overthrow the secession and disunion party, with
its aiders and abettors, north and south. A cur-
sory glance at the present leaders of parties in both
sections will justify the cximssion of this hope.
In the North, by far the most active, if not tin-
most able and influential, members of the Repub-
lican party are old-line Demoeiats who have been
di iven into its ranks by the slavei y propagandist!!
of the southern wmg of the Democracy; while at
the South nearly all the so-ealicd Democi atie lead-
ers were* but a few years since, old-lme Wings,
and revilcis and defamers of General Jackson. In
Virginia, we have Governoi Wise, the Bombastcs
Furioso of secession, and the facile Senator Hun-
ter, Doth old Whigs; in Gcoigia, that Harry
Percy of rebellion, Robert Toombs, and that
Talleyrand of southern statesmen, Alexander H.
Stephens, both old Whigs; m Louisiana, the Is-
canotofthe tribe of Benjamin, a Whig; in North
Carolina, Senator Cl-ngman, an illiberal Whig;
and in Alabama and South Carolina, the whole
school of Mr. Calhoun, headed by W. Porcher
Miles and tailed by Keitt.
True, under this Administration, it has been
hard to describe a Democrat or to define Democ-
racy. Democrats throughout the land have been j
taught to believe that the great depositary of the |
political rights of our people is the Supreme Court j
of the United States. M>*. Buchanan and these
secession leaders have insisted upon presenting
the obiter dicta of that court upon the subject of
slavery as a part of the Democratic creed, in op-
position to the creed established by the national
Democratic convention at Charleston, and m oppo-
sition to the time-honored principles of the party,
fiom the day of its organization down to the pres-
ent time. Was there a Democrat—I will not even
exclude Mr Buchanan—who, during the days of
Jackson, did not oppose the submission to the
Supreme Court of the question of the right of Con-
gress and the President to act as they saw fit in
relation to that monopoly,theUnited States Bank?
And, coming down to a later period, it will be
remembered, that during the debate on the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, Mr.Dams and Mr.TooMusin
the Senate, Mi. Klitt in the House, and nearly
every southern disunion Democrat then imldinga
seat"m Congress, refus.ed to submit ihe question
of their lights as slaveholders m the Territories
to the arbitrament of a Federal judiciary, on the
ground that it was liable to be controlled by a
President. These contradictions and divisions
will prevent the reunion of the Democratic party;
and no compromise can effect that result so long
as the southern wing of it insist upon a settlement
of our present difficulties by an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States recognizing the
dogma of protection to slave property in thfc Ter-
ritories. That they never intend to abandon this,
is shown in their attempt to withdiaw from the
Union; and if the Republican party will only
yield their doctrine of congressional prohibition,
they will have no powerful opposition to contend
against except that which may be offered by the
southern disuniomsts.
_ The patriot who is sincerely desirous of doing
right to all sections of his country in the present
crisis, cannot but deplore the opinions entertained
by the extremists noith as well as south. It
cannot be denied that in New England the con-
trolling class hate slavery and its further exten-
sion, and that this hatred has been increased in
its intensity by political harangues from pu-lpits,
and by the oratorical efforts of such men as Wen-
dell Phillips, the Mirabeau of the anti-slavery cru-
sade. in the South, the feelings and prejudices
of the people have been madly excited against
the North, by such men as Iverson, of Gcoigia;
Wigfall, of Texas; and Yancey, of Alabama, the
Danton of the South, aided by a partisan pi ess;
which has carefully excluded fiom its columns
everything that would tend to allay their bitter-
ness. These two extremes are, to a great extent,
responsible for the present revolution, which
threatens to overthrow free institutions on this
continent, a result that can only bo a\erted by the
incoming Admmistiation, and die next Congiess,
planting the Government on that wholesome mid-
dle ground which the Democratic party occupied
in 1852, and winch was represented by Douglas
in the last campaign.
Mr. Speaker, the doctnne of secession, as now
proclaimed south, is diametrically opposed to the
opinions and action of that section of the Confed-
eracy when treason raised its hideous head m the
Hartford convention. The doctrine of secession,
as a legal remedy on the pait of any State to get
out of this Union, is an absuidity. Gentlemen
upon this floor fiom the South, who will take the
trouble to refei to the opinions of Chief Justice
Marshal!, expressed when milhficat-nn was ram-
pant in 1832, to the opinions of the father of the
Constitution, Mr. Madison, m his celebiated let-
tcis written in lb33, 1834, and 1835, and to thes
opinion of Webster, the great expounder of the
Constitution, in his speech on the admission of
California in 3850, must be convinced that there
can be no such tiling under our Constitution as
the peac-'dbie secession of a State. Chief Justice
Marshall, writing to ins cousin, Humphrey Mar-
shall, of Kentucky, on the subject, says:
JtiCHMOND, hlaylj 1833.
>Iy dkar Sir : I an) much indebted to > on tor j our pam-
phlet on I'edcial lei.ition--. winch i have read \\ith much
satisfaction. No subject. ;w it ^''cins to me, is more mis-
understood or moie p« i verted. You have hi ought into view
niiinnous important hl-toi lea! fact* which, in my judgment,
remo\ e lie foundation on w Inch the nullifies and speeders,
have erect d tli.it stijcrst!uc tare which ovei-h.idows our
T'nmn Vnu haw, I think, -lioun -..m-f.ictonly, that we
nev-M have been perfect!" distinct. independent societies,
sovneign m the sen--e in vvInch the nullities useThe teim.
When eolonie-, we oetMiiih weie not. We weic paits of
the limM, Panpue ; and although not direi tl\ connected ;
with each othei mi iara* le-poeied troveianient, we were ;
connected n; man\ ie-peeis5 and weie united to the same i
stock. The steps wo took to fftee' reparation woi' .n-.you j
have fitIIv shown, not onlv revolutionary ni their natine, :
butthej weic taken conjointly Then. as now. weaetedm j
many te-pect* as "lie people. The repu-< iiwU.ves of eaeh j
colony acted tor all Their resolutions pmrceded Stoma i
common soutee. .md opeinted on the whole ina«. The :
atmy was a continental army, commanded b> a conn- :
n"ntal gen<H,il.an<! Mippoit^o fiom a continental ma-tin.
The Decimation oi ] iid.-pendeuce w as made hj a eommon j
Govei nment. and w as made hu all llie Slates |
Kver\thing has been nn\ed. Tie.ities made by Coiurip^- 1
h;>ve be is con-nicied a* binding ail the Stale*. Some t
poweia have, been   x.'iri-ed i>\ ('ongi ess, -.ouie bj^tle' ;
Slater sepaia'e!\ The hie1.- weie not sincI!\ diawn Tlie j
inatnhn < i Congress to ean\ it-- legitimate powrs intoev j
er ution In\s yradnaliv anmuSe<Mhoso powers practical!*. t
bin tiiev alw a> •? evisfeii in theon independence w a- tie - j
elated ' m lie inline .in.I ti\ Uie .mlhoi ii\ oi tin' pt <i !
pie o! tiie~e Colonies ! u laet u e n;i\ e :il\v,us neen united j
111 Mime K-spet Is, s(.p,uat,  U! oilier* W\ have acted .is ,
ihic (>e( ple tor .-oiii.' ptoposi-^, d^tinot lot t
otnei.s. 1 tiiiuK j <>u h v--how n iliu-  eietulv. and ni to doiu i ,
have demonstrated tlie fallacy of the principle on which
either nullification or the right of peaceful, constitutional
secession is a^seited.
The tuno is arrived when these truths must be more gen-
erally spoken, or our Union is at an end. The idea of com-
plete sovereignty of the State converts oar Government
into a league, and, if carried into practice, dissolves the
Union.
X am, dear sir, yours affectionately.
j. marshall.
Humphrey Marshall, Esq., Frankfort, KcntucJzy.
Mr. Webster expressed himself as follows:
"Mr. President, i should much prefer to have heard
from every member on this floor declarations of opinio#*
that this Union should never be dissolved, than the decla-
rations of opinion that in any case, uoder the pressure of
any circumstances, such a dissolution was possible. I hear
with pain and anguish and dis-tre^s tho word secession,
especially when malls fiom the fips of those who are emi-
nently pati lotic, and known to the country and known over
ail the woiid, foi their political services-Secession. Peace-
able <;ecc«sion! Sir, your eyes and mine are never des-
tined to see that mhaele. The dismemberment of this vast
countiy without con vu^ton ! The breaking up of the fount-
ains or the gieat neep without rufMnn.' the surface 1 Who
is bofoohfh—I beg everybody's pardon—a&lo expect to see
any such thing? Sir, he who sees these .States, now re-
volving m harmony around a common center, and expects
to see them quit their places and fly off without convulsion,
may look the next hour to see the heaven!) bodies rush from
their spheres, and jostle against eacti other in the realms, ol
*<pace, without pioducingthe crash of the uuiveise. Theie.
can be no Mich tiling as a peaceable secesMon. Peaecable
recession is an utter impossibility. Is the great Constitu-
tion under which we live here—covering this whole coun-
try—i.s it to be thawed and melted away by secession, as
the snows on the mountains melt under the influence of a
vernal sun—disappear almost unobserved, and die off? No,
til ! No, Mr! 1 will not state what might produce tbedih-
nipfion of the States; but, sn, f see it as plainly as I see
the -sun in heaven—I see that disruption must produce such
a wai as I will not describe m its twofold characters.
Pcaceable secession ! Peaccable secession ! The concur-
leijt agieunient of ail the members of this giear Republic to
separate! A voluntary separation, with alimony on one
side and on the other. Why, what would be the result?
Where is? the line to be drawn ? What States are to secedo ?
What is to remain American? What am 1 to be? An
Ameiican no iongci ? Where is the flag of the Republic to
if main ? Wheie is the eagle still to towei, oi i-s he to cower
and siiiink, and fall to the giound ?
"Why. sir, our ancestors, our father5-, and our grandfathers
—those of them tiiat are\etlivmgamomi us wimprolonged
h\ es—w oiiid rebuke and lepioneh tit-, and our cluldien and
oui gianiiehildien would cry out,«hame upon u>! if weof
thi>. generation ;>houJd uishonorthe.^e ensigns o* the power
ot ihe Government, and the harincny ot the Union,
winch is eveiv day felt among us with ^o much joy and
gratitude What i< to become ot the Army? What is to
beeoine of the Navv' What is to become of the public
lands? IIow is each of the thitty States to defend itself?
i know, although the, idea lias not been stated distinctly,
there isjo he a sou'iiet n confedeiaey. I do not mearu when
? allude to this sraTcment, that any one ^enous'y contem-
plate^ Mjoh a state of things 1 do not mean to sny that it
i.s true, but I liave lieaid it suggested elsewhere that that
idea ita-5 oi iginated in a design to sepaiare. X am sony, sin
that it h.i? ( ver oeen thoug it of. talked of, or dreamed of,
in the wildest flights or' human imagination. But the idea
must be ot a separation, including the slave States upon
one side, and the fiee State's on the other. Sir. there is not
—1 maj express mvself too h-tionglyj perhaps—but some
thing*?, some moral things, are almost as impossible as other
natuiai oi physical thing*; and ( hold the idea ot a sepa-
ration ot these States—those that are fiee to foim one Gov-
ernment. and those that aieslaveholdingto fotm another—
as a moial impossibility. We could not sepai ate the States
bv anj such line, if we were to draw it. We could not
sit down hcic to-day, and diavv a line of reparation that
would satisu any five men m fhe country. There are nat-
uial causes that would keep and tie us together, and there
are ."-octal and domestic relations which we could not break,
if we would; and which we should not. it' \vc could. Sir,
nobody canlook over the face of thiseountiyatthe present
moment—nobody can see wheie it* population is tncmost
dense and Rowing—without being ready to admit, and
compelled to admit, sir, that ete Jong America will be in
the \alley of the Mississippi.
'' Well", now, sir. I beg to inquire what the wildest en-
thusiast has to say on the possibility of cutting oft* that
nver, and leaving free States at it* source audits blanches,
aml«!ave Stares down near its mouth > Pray, sir—pray, sir,
let me -av to the people oi tin* conn try, that these things are
worth> ot then pondt-ringand of their consideration. Here,
sir. are five million freemen in the tree States north of the
rivei utuo; can anybody suppose that tin* population can be
s-eveied by a line that divides them fiom the tenitoiy of a
foieign and an alien Government, down somewhere, the .
I.oid knows where, upon the lower hanks of the Missis-
sippi •" What will become ot Missouri ? Will she join the
armndtssement of the slave States? Shall the man from
ihe Yellowstone and the Platte be connected in the new
republic with the man who lives on the southern extremity
of the Cape ofFionda? .Sir, I am ashamed to pursue this
line of remark, j dislike it; I have an uttes di-gus| for it.
1 would lainei hear ofnatuial blasts and mildews, war, pes-
tilence. and laiinne. than to he.u geutleiiK n talK of^ seces-
sion. To break up' to break up 'hi* gr"ar (-loveminent !
to dismember the- gteat connti v ' to astonish Ku. ope w ah
an aet ot toilv such as Uiuope ioi tv\o eentuncs has ne\er
b' h<'lu iiiMt)} Gov-.'i nnieM' 1 No, .-it ! no. -n Theiewill
li.-no secession Gcnslemi.n aie not seiions when they
talk o' secession.
••S'l. t neai that there is to he a eonvenuon held in
Nashville I am bouint io t>"lievc thai, a w-n yeMlu-
