2i>8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
36th Cong,...2d Sess.
The Crisis—Mr. Haskin.
Ho. of Eeps.
men meet at Nas-hviile in convention, their object will be
to-adopt counsels conciliatory—to advise the South to for
bearance and inadeiation, and to advise the Noub to ioi-
bearance and moderation, and to inculcate principles of
brotherly love and affection, and attachment to the Con-
stitution of the country as it'now is. I believe, if the con-
vention meei at all, it will be for this purpose j for cer-
tainly, if they meet for any purpose hostile to the Union.
tbe> have been singularly inappropriate in their selection
of a place. J remember, sir, that when the treaty was con-
cluded between France and England, at the peace of Ami-
ens, a stern oid Englishman, and an orator who disliked
the terms of the peace as ignominious to England, said, in
the Uouse of Commons, that if King William could know
the terms of -that treaty, he would linn in his coffin. Let
iwe commend this saying of Mr. Windham, in all its em-
phasis and m all its force, to any persons who shall meet
at Nashville for the purpose of concerting measures for the
overthrow of the Union of this country, over the bones of
Andrew Jackson."
" And now, Mr. President, instead of speaking of the
possibility or utility of secession, instead of dwelling in
these caverns of darkness, instead of groping with those
ideas so full of all that is horrid and'horrible, let us come
out into the light of day; let us enjoy the fresh air of lib
erty and Union; let us cherish those hopes which belong
toils; let us devote ourselves toH40.se great objects that
are tit for oui consideration arid our action; let us r<u-?e
our conceptions to the magnitude and impmtanee of the
duties that devolve upon us; let our comprehension be
as broad as the country tor which we act, our aspiration
as high asitsccrtam destiny; let us not be pigmies in a
case that calls for men. Never did there devolve on any
generation of men higher trusts than now devolve upon us,
for the preservation of this Constitution and the harmony
and peace of all who are destined to live under it. Let us
make our generation one of the strongest, and the brightest
link in that golden chain winch isdestined, I fully believe,
to grapple the people of all the States to this Constitution,
for ages to come, it ts a great, popular constitutional Gov-
ernments guarded by legislation, by law, by adjudicatute,
ana det'euded by the whole affections of the people. No
monarchical throne presses these States together; no iron
chain of despotic power encircles them;'they live and
stand upon a Government popular in its form, repie^enta-
'ive in its* character, founded upon pilnciples of equality,
and calculated, we hope, to last forever. In all its histoiy
it has been beneficent; it has trodden down no man's lib-
erty; it has ciu^hed no State. In daily respiration is lib-
erty and panlotism; its yet youthful veins are full of en-
terprise, courage, and houorable loveof glory and renown,
it has received a vast addition of territoiy. Lai go before,
the couutiy has now, by recent events, become vastly
larger. This Repablie. now extend*, with a va^t breadth,
across the whole continent. The two great seas of the
world wash the one and the other shore. We realize, on a
ttiiahiy scale, the beautiful dci-ci iptmn of the ornamental
edging of the buckler ot Achilles—
"'Now, the broad shield complete, the artist crowned
With hi* last hand, and pouied the ocean round ;
In living silver seemed the waves to roil,
And beat the buekler'a veige, and bound the whole.'"
CSentiemen have maintained upon this floor the
right of secession, and have deprecated coercion,
and even northern Democrats, following the lead
of the President, have argued against the coercion
of a State, it is a contradiction of terms to talk
about the enforcement ot thelawsand no coercion,
at a time when the Federal' laws are being set at
defiance, and the Federal property stolen from the
United SuucsQovornmcnt. Government is force.
The enforcement of the laws is a duty incumbent
upon the President and every executive officer of
the Government, as well as upon Congress; for
they, as well as eacli of us, have been compelled
to take an oath, on entei ing upon the performance
of their duties, to support the Constitution and the
laws. The coercion of States! Sir, the seceding
States, by revolution, have undertaken to coerce
the United States, and to overthrow the Constitu-
tion they covenanted to support, and which it is
our duty to maintain. The seizure of Forts Moul-
trie, Castle Pmckney, Johnson, and Pulaski, the
stealing of the public property at Charleston, {Sa-
vannah, Mobile, New Orleans, and other places,
were acts of coercion, by a revolutionary people,
against the United States Government; were crimes
against each State that remains true to the Union
and recognizes'the Constitution; nay, si.', were
acts of war, on their part, against every loyal
State. For what purpose was it that thatprovision
was putin the Constitution which gives the Presi-
dent the power to call out the militia of the States
to put down insurrection and enforce the laws?
Cleatly, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of meeting
just such acts of rebellion against law and order
as have been committed by the madmen and trai-
tors in the South.
With a Jackson at the head of affairs. Fort
Moultrie would not have been taken, and our flag
would not have been disgraced; but the laws
would have been enforeed,even to the banging of
all those who committed overt acts of treason.
The good old ship of State, under its present im-
becile captain, has been drifting along for the past
sixty days, without helm or rudder. Craven
cowardice has been shown by ourexecutive rulers,
and our model Government, to the strength of
which peans have been sung for half a century,
has fallen, in the estimation of the civilized world,
to a position lower than that of the little Repub-
lic of San Marino,
Early in the present session, a committee of
thirty-three was formed in this House to mature
and. report plans for the settlement of alleged dif-
ficulties. Now, the only difficulty really existing,
which, 1 imagine, is peculiarly annoying to gen-
tlemen of the southern States who supported Mr.
Breckinridge,1s the fact that so many natives of
the South, holding positions under the Govern-
ment, as foreign embassadors and consuls, post-
masters, collectors of the revenue, clerks, &c.,
will be obliged to vacate their offices and retire to
private life immediately after the 4th of March
next.
That committee of thirty-three reported to the
House eight different plans of compromise; and
I venture to assert that it is impossible for either
of those plans to receive a majority, much less a
two-thirds vote. Untrammeled as 1 am by party
platforms, I could, if so disposed, vote for cither
of them; and an appeal to my patriotism, and not
to my fears, would be likely to induce me to aid in
satisfying the present discontent of the southern
border States; but under no circumstances will
I vote for that proposition which the extremists
of the South insist upon.
The proposition of Mr. Adams, of Massachu-
setts, or the border-States proposition, if either
will satisfy them,and keep them in opposition to
secession and the cotton States, will receive my
cheerful and hearty support. I can support the
Adams proposition because in it the Republicans
recede from their unnecessary doctrine of no mo're
slave States, and wisely submit to the will of the
majority of the people m the Territories. They
receded once before, when, in the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, they unanimously supported the Crit-
tenden-Montgomery bill, but failed to stand firm
by the principle of non-intervention long enough
to feel the good effects of such an advance move-
ment upon the South. The Crittenden proposi-
tion asks too much. It asks more for the exten-
sion of slavery than even the Breckinridge men
demanded at Charleston, Baltimore,01 Richmond.
It provides for recognizing slavery'in territory
hereafter to be acquired, and offers a premium to
the filibustering spirit which I supposed had been
destroyed when the marauder General William
Walker was executed in Central America. It in-
vites the stealing of Mexico, the robbing of Cen-
tral A merica, and the piratical acquisition of Cuba,
all of which acquisitions will be of but little value
unless the African slave trade is reopened, and
the necessary labor furnished to make them profit-
able.
Mr. Speaker, most of the political dissensions
which have divided the country, and which have
culminated in an attempt to destroy it, have grown
out of the unfair and unnecessary admission of
new Slates into the Union. Tins policy was ad-
vocated by Mr. Calhoun and the South to pre-
serve its preponderance of political power, by
never permuting a hoc State to come into the
Union unless a slave State was yoked with it.
These unnatural marriages of healthy and vigor-
ous white male pioneei s of the West with weakly
female mulattoes of the South were solemnized
m the admission of Iowa and Florida, and other
free and slave States. The old States, which
possess the wealth and population, have been
grievously wronged by this system, which, has en-
tailed upon 1 he Union an expense of millions of
dollars, without conferring any reciprocal bene-
fits. i would never consent to admit any new
State into the Confederacy, unless it had the re-
quisite population to entitle it to a member of Con-
gress under the idtio established by the recent
census. If this just principle had been observed
id the case of Oregon, she would not now be a
State, with the power to offset the vote of my
great Commonwealth in the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, the remedy which I propose for
all existing difficulties, fancied or real, is a strict
adherence to me Constitution We are entertained
with propositions of compromise in the form of
amendments to it; but, in my opinion, any attempt
to amend it, by which its original intent and mean-
ing is to be altered, will be futile. It was formed
by such patriots as Washington, Madison, and
Jefferson—
"Whose like we ne'er shall look upon again
and it is impossible for the so-called statesmen
of the present day to improve it. It is the sacred
instrument under which we have prospered for
the last eighty years as 110 people ever prospered
before. By the aid of its fostering care we have
rivaled the world in the progress we have made
in material wealth, in civilization, and in the arts
and sciences; and that we should, in a moment of
excitement and passion, undertake to change it,
is a proposition so preposterous that it should not
be seriously entertained by any sane Represent-
ative.
If the southern States which have seceded re-
ally hate the Constitution and the Union, why, let
them adopt such local institutions as they prefer,
and live in their own way, only yielding obedi-
ence to those Federal laws which, for their pro-
tection and benefit, have been extended over them
at their solicitation. The plan I propose in regard
to them is, to repeal the laws for the admission
into the Union of Florida, Mississippi, Alabama,
and Louisiana, and to resume that control over
them as Territories, which the original States
yielded in granting them State sovereignty and
equality. And then, after remanding them to their
original territorial condition, the incoming Presi-
dent, with the consent of the Senate, may appoint
Governors, judges, and marshals, for their pro-
tection, and for the trial and punishment of all
crimes committed against the laws of the United
States, including treason against the Federal Gov-
ernment.
The doctrine has been proclaimed on this floor
that when those States seceded they resumed, by
the acts of thcirseveral conventions, a sovereignty
which they surrendered in becoming mcmbeisof
our Confederacy. There is a fallacy about this
idea that ought to be exposed. Was there any
sovereignty in Louisiana when that Territory was
purchased by Jefferson in 1803, foi the purpose
of maintaining the right, of deposit at New Orleans,
and of protecting the free navigation of the Mis-
sissippi? It was purchased by the United Slates
Government—then consisting of but seventeen
States—and became the sole property of the peo-
ple of the whole Union. The citizens of the Uni-
ted States were then all tenants in common in this
immense Territory. In 18J9, upon the recom-
mendation ofM r. Jefferson, Florida was purchased
from Spam, and previously the Territories of Ala-
bama arid Mississippi had been ceded to the Uni-
ted States by the States of Georgia and South
Carolina. On the petition of the people residing
in these Territories, the protection of the Federal
laws was extended to them, and they were finally,
upon their own solicitation, admitted as States
I>ut what soveieignty did they possess before the
FcderalGovernment reeogmzedand received them
as States, and extended to them all the rights and
piivileges enjoyed by the other States? Clearly
none. In the.case of South Carolina and Georgia,
however, it is different. They were membeis of
the original thh leon States, ami took part in form-
ing, ratifying, and confirming the Constitution
under which we live; but they cannot sever the
bonds which connect them with us, except m the
manner prescribed in the Constitution. The or-
dinances of secession which they have adopted,
therefore, are illegal and void,and not worthy of
our serious consideration; but as a question of
policy, I think it would be proper for Congri ss to
treat the ordinances of secession of the other States
as petitions fi om them to the Federal Government,
asking to be relieved from the burdens and bene-
fits of the Union, and to be remanded to their ter-
ritorial condition. I>y doing so we may avoid com-
plications with foreign Poweis, lesume supreme
control over them, and make such needful rules
and regulations in regard to them as the exigen-
cies of the times require.
I would also give power to the President to de-
clare, by proclamation, the ports of Savannah,
Charleston, Mobile, New Orleans, and all other
ports where the people are in open rebellion against
the laws of the United States, no longer ports of
