1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
here until the 4th of March, with these purposes
only darkly shadowed forth, as was done by the
honorable Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
a few days ago, on presenting a petition, and as
has been done by the Senator from Maine, that
there may be a state of things when it may be
necessary to coerce.
The Senator has told us he has no fastidious-
ness on the subject, no objection to expressing
his opinion that there may be a state of things
when it may be necessary even to coerce a State.
"VVe have that policy in that mode shadowed out,
but not avowed. Now, it is time to establish a
policy, and let us know what is to be done. I de-
sire, as a Senator of the United Status, that I may
know how to shape my course in relation to other
measures of public policy, but until it is done,
until we know whether a civil war is to be waged
or not because of secession, I will never vote a
dollar to increase the military arm of this Govern-
ment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn. ["Oh! no."]
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 13, noes 27.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I believe this meas-
ure of increasing the Navy has been recommended
to us every year since I have been in the'Senate;
and I think the same number of vessels have been
recommended. ["Larger."] There may have
been more at other times. I have uniformly voted
against the proposition to increase the Navy, be-
cause I have not believed there was any necessity
for it; but treason is abroad in this land, and I
believe there is an occasion and. a necessity for
the increase of the armament and power of the
country.
Mr, POLK. If the Senator will allow me, I
will suggest to him that he is under a mistake; he
did vote for it at the last session.
Mr. KING. I think not. My opinion would
be that I did not. Possibly I may have done so
at the last session. I have voted against it re-
peatedly; andbutfortlie condition of things which
exists in the country now, 1 would not vote for it
at the present time. I will vote for it now, how-
ever, to put the country in a condition to defend
itself against its enemies, whether they be domes-
tic or foreign enemies.
Mr. President, this Government cannot be peace-
ably destroyed, or overthrown, or divided. Be-
fore that should be done_, the sovereigns them-
selves would come here, if their representatives
could prove recreant in their defense of it. It is
well that it should be understood that the people
of this country will never give their consent to a
peaceable destruction and dissolution of it. They
would be recreant to all the high duties which
men owe to their Maker and their country, to
their race, to themselves, and the high trust which
the ancestry who acquired the country have be-
queathed to them, if they could entertain a thought
of its destruction. Sir, I do not believe it can be
destroyed. I would use forbearance, patience; I
would extend every degree of kindness, and make
every effort for conciliation with these people; but
to admit their right to divide the country, to take
a State out of the Union, or to destroy it; and,
last of all, that they should'peaceably have the
right to break it up, I should never agree to.
I do not know what these gentlemen consider
peace. They have armed themselves by means
which are well known to the whole country.
They have illegally taken the arms belonging to
this Government from our arsenals. Cabinet offi-
cers and members of the Senate have been in com-
plicity in this treason. A foul and infamous plot,
I have no doubt, has existed to destroy this Gov-
ernment. Providence, rather than the skill or
attention of the people, has arrested it; and some
of the men connected with it have been driven
from the Cabinet in disgrace. I believe indict-
ments have been found in this District against one
of them for embezzlement, petty larccny, grand
larceny, or any other infamous offense thata man
might commit, in addition to his treason.
There are gentlemen here who are opposed to
this appropriation. There were members of Con-
gress found in the war of 1812who voted against
supplies totheGovernmcnt to defend itself against
its enemies. It is not surprising that there should
be some such men found in Congress at anytime.
The greatest and widest latitude of freedom of
opinion exists and should exist in this country,
A man has a right to talk as he pleases. He can-
not talk treason in this country; he must act it;
but, Mr. President, when he acts it, in my judg-
ment, he should take the futc of a traitor; and he
should not seek to escape it by contending that he
can do it peacefully against Ins country.
I cannot perceive the notion of honor that a
man can have who can conceive that he can steal
into a house, partly his own, and clandestinely
and furtively rob it of its strength and means of
defense, and then assail it, and claim that ho may
have the right to do so, and that they shall not
pursue him with force to punish him for the crime
lie has committed. I tell these gentlemen, in my
judgment, tins treason must come to an end—
peacefully, I hope; but never, in ray judgment,
peacefully by the ignominious submission of the
people of this country to traitors—never. I desire
peace; but I would amply provide means for the
defense of the country by war, if necessary.
Mr. GREEN. From the beginning of this ses-
sion I have desired to avoid all discussion touch-
ing these questions until every means of adjust-
ment should have been exhausted; but from the
language thrown out to-day, I can hold still no
longer, and intend to express my sentiments at
length. To do so, however, I ought to ask the
Senate to indulge me until to-morrow morning. I
shall therefore move to adjourn. ["Oh! no."]
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 19, noes 25.
Mr. GREEN. Well, Mr*. President, it is al-
most five o'clock, and the Senate has refused to
me that ordinary courtesy which I have ever
extended to every member of this body.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, I
desire to ask him whether there is any particu-
lar necessity for him to submit his views upon
this bill ?
Mr. GREEN. There is, owing to the debate
that has sprung up. 1 had intended to postpone it;
and have refrained the whole session, and made
no speech during the whole session on the subject.
Mr. HALE. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 11, 1861.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
letter from the secretary of war.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary ofWar, inclosing
for the information of the House of Representa-
tives, the report of the chief of ordnance, com-
municating certain objections to a bill now pend-
ing before that body, providing for the removal
of the United States arsenal at St. Louis; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
mrs. ann e. shoot.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to discharge
the Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar from the further consideration of House
bill No. 734, for the relief of Mrs. Ann E.Smoot,
widow of the late Captain Joseph Smoot, of the
United States Navy, in order that it may be put on
its passage. It is for the relief of the widow of a
distinguished naval officer of the State of Mary-
land, and was unanimously reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
disposition to interfere with my friend's bill 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Then do not
object to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But there is
a private bill now pending befoie the House. I
do not object.
There was no objection; and the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar was
discharged from the further consideration of the
bin.
The bill provides that the benefit of the sixth
section of " An act to amend the act to promote
the efficiency of the Navy," approved January
16, 1859, be extended to Mrs. Ami E. Smoot,
widow of the late Captain Joseph Smoot, of the
United States Navy, and that the properaccoun ting
officers of the Treasury be directed to pay her the
amount her husband was receiving at the lime he
was placed on the reserved list, on furlough pay,
to thedateofhisdeath,deducting#therefrom what-
ever amount he may have received in the mean
time on account of pay.
It appears from the report that Captain Smoot,
while in command of the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, was, by the operation
of the act entitled " An act to promote the effi-
ciency of the Nuvy," approved February 28,1855,
placed on the reserved list on furlough pay. Feel-
ing himself aggrieved by the action of the retiring
board, he memorialized Congress for relief; but
in view of the subsequent act passed January,
1857, providing for courts of inquiry, he determ-
ined to avail himself of its provisions, and took the
preliminary steps to avail himself of its provisions,
and employed counsel to conduct his case before
such court; but, unfortunately, before he was able
to carry his purposes into full effect, he departed
this life, just anterior to the organization of the
court. A keen sense of the assumed injustice
done him by the retiring board preyed upon the
spirits of Captain Smoot, and is believed to have
hastened the period of his-death; and his widow,
who deeply shares in the reproach thus, as she
believes, unjustly cast upon his memory, prays
an acknowledgment upon the part of Congress of
his long and gallant services, and prays that the
benefits of the sixth section of an act entitled
" An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
approved January 16, 1857, may be extended to
his case; and an act be passed directing the pay-
ment to her of the amount her said husband was
receiving at the time he was so placed upon the
reserved list on furlough pay, to the time of his
death, deducting therefrom whatever sums he may
have received in the mean time upon account of
pay.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
swanson's landing.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish a port of entry at
Swanson's Landing, on the waters of Red river,
in the State of Texas; which was read a first and.
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
call of states foIt bills, etc.
The SPEAKER. The business now in order
is the call of States for bills and resolutions for
reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What be-
comes of my private biil.;
The SPEAKER. It is the first business in
order after the morning hour.
crittenden resolutions.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, (the two Houses of Congress concurring.)
That the Legislatures ot the several States of the United
States be requested promptly to pass such laws as are re-
quisite to authorize the holdmsj of special elections, to ena-
ble the whole people to vote for or against the proposition
known as the Crittenden amendment; and that their decis-
ion filsatl he taken a of settlement for all difficul-
ties now seriously threatening our national unity.
Mr. ELIOT. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to introduce his joint resolution.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, moved that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
southern confederacy.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I submit
the following resolution:
Whereas, the States of South Carolina, Florida^ Ala-
bama ,Gcoigia, Mississippi, and Louisiana have seceded
from the Confederacy of the United States, and have es-
tablished a Government under the name of "the Confed-
eracy of the United States South;" and whereas it is
dcsuablc that the most amicable relation? should exist
between the two Governments, and war should be avoided
as the gtcutest calamity which can befall them—
