1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
36th Cons....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
entry, and to call out the militia, of the States to
suppress insurrection. This, together with the
Army and Navy, would afford power sufficient to
enable him to enforce the laws, protect the Federal
property, put down rebellion, and prove to the
nations of the world that we are, what they begin !
to doubt,"a Government. j
The reflection that this great Government, in the
last half of the nineteenth century, is to be de- !
stroyed by those who have grown rich on its j
bounty, is disheartening tc the patriot of this and j
every clime; andcanies with it the lie to the pro- I
fessions of every orator who has in eloquent |
strains, on recurring anniversaries of our national ,
independence, extolled the strength of our Con- |
stitution and Union. The material prosperity of j
ourcountry for the last two years hasfarexceeded j
that of any previous two in ourhistory. We have I
much to be thankful for, especially during the last '
year; forProvidenee has smiled benignantly upon
us, filling our storehouses in the North and West
with teeming cereals. The mines of California
have supplied sold in ooundance. Those who
vainly preach thai " Cotton is King," will loam
thesad lesson by experience, heforelong, lhatthey
would not have been so happy and prosperous in
the past, had it not been for the gold of Califor- |
nia,the materia! representative of wealth, and the :
bounteous supply of the staple of life from the ;
North and West. Let us, for a moment, look j
through the horoscope of time, and see what the j
people and potentates on the other side of the At- j
lantic have been doing in the way of progress dur- i
ing the last decade. But a few years since we j
beheld the great Russian empire ruthlessly attack- ;
ing" the sick man of Turkey:" and if left alone, it ;
would have absorbed and destroyed the national- J
ity of one of the oldest Governments in the world, j
while it at the same time destroyed the so-called I
balance of power in Europe. France, England, '
and brave Snrdinni, sprang to the rescue, snap-
pled with the supposed invincible pow<T of Pais- 't
sia, and saved their ally. The would-be enslaver ;
of a nation has, during the last year, become the j
emancipator of the enslaved; for, under the hand '
and seal of the autocrat Alexander, forty million |
serfs have been set free! Wc next find Sardinia |
enlaiging her boundaries, and successfully bat- '
tling for her own nationality. [
The Emperoi of Fiance—thegreatest civil ruler ;
now living, ihe ally of Sardinia to preserve her :
nationality—has recently written and published a ;
diplomatic letter to his minister at London, Count |
Persigny, stating that the mission of France, "of j
the empire, is peace:" and only a short time ago, |
at a public dinner m London, Lord Palmerston, ;
Premier of England, and that true friend of lib- !
crty, Lord John Russell, proclaimed to the op- ■
pressed of the whole world, that England—our \
mother country—sympathized with Italy in her j
, struggles for independence, and would maintain :
the position of non-intervention towards her. ,
"Within the past year, Count Cavour, one of the
ablest statesmen of Europe, announced upon the j
floor of the Sardinian Parliament^ the doctrine of]
non-intervention, and the duty ot his country to j
let the people of Italy regulate their own affairs; ;
and but recently has been witnessed the struggle i
of that same Italian people, whose ancient history j
is the admiration of the woild, i ismg in their ma- i
jesty, and under the lead of that gallant chieftain,
Garibaldi, emerging from the imperfect system
of jieHy StaU sovereignty—of decaying small na-
tionalities—and fui mitig one grand Repuolic, with
Italian unity for us base. 1 refer to these recent
great event's in Euiope, "to point a moral and
adorn a talc " m relation to ourselves at home.
Thev were all in the way of advancement for
good, the permanence of Governments, and the
rational and well-established liberty oi the peoples
who have been alTected and benefited by them.
And with such events as these startling the world,
I cannot, I will not, believe that our nation, which,
like 4< Minerva springing fiom the head of Jove,
full armed and equipped," has advanced to more
greatness and irloi y in eighty years than any other
has achieved in five centuries, will now retrograde
without any sufficient cause, and bo destroyed by
the pigmy efiVu ts of such men as James Buchanan.
John H. Floyd, EIowoll Cobb, Jacob Thompson,
Jefferson Davis, Robet t H. Toombs, JohnSlidell,
and their southern confederates Mr. Speaker, I
repeat that i am for the Constitution of the United
States, as it was made and transmitted to us by
the great fathers of the Republic: 1 am for the
Union of these States, as it has always heretofore
existed, and for the prompt and efficient enforce-
ment of ail the Federal laws; and 1 hope, in the
name of God and this Congress, that Abraham
Lincoln, the President elect, may prove himself
the man for the times—a second Jackson—around
whom a party will rally, having for its motto,
" the Union forever,"and with whose aid he will
be enabled to hand down our ancient liberties un-
impaired to our latest posterity
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. F. TV. KELLOGG,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the House of Representatives,
Fcbiuary 23,18G1.
The House having under consideration, the report fiom
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, said:
Mr. Speaker: Less than a century ago, thir-
' teen feeble colonies on this ncwly-discovercd con-
1 tinent, inspired by a love of liberty and a desire
! for self-government, united for the purpose of
; achieving their independence; and their success is
! one of the facts of history. For the purpose of
i establishing justice, and securing the blessings of
! liberty to themselves and their descendants, that
i union was afterwards made moreperfectand per-
• petual under a Constitution framed by a body of
; men whose wisdom and patriotism made them
the admiration of the world. In this brief period
the three million people have increased to more
than thirty million, and the United States has
become a fiist class Power among the nations of
the earth. During its existence we have 1m d some
of those difficulties which ail Governments must
encounter, but none of them have ever caused
serious alarm. The rebellion in Massachusetts,
and a similar one in Pennsylvania, although formi-
dable m their character, were, by the wisdom and
firmness of the President, promptly suppressed.
During the last war with Great Britain, the old
Federal party—then in a hopeless minority—held
the memorable Hartford convention, in which
they were charged with plotting the destruction
of the Government. This charge has been per-
sistently denied; hut every man who participated
in the proceedings of the convention was politi-
cally ruined. They were marked by the people
as Cain was by his Maker, that all men might
shun them thereafter and for evermore. The rest-
less spirits of the present day mightstudy the his-
tory of these men to advantage, and learn how
severe a penalty must be paid for being so much
as suspected of tieason.
In 1832 the State of South Carolina threatened
rebellion, but the firmness of President Jackson
soon put an end to all their treasonable schemes.
The result was, that the confidence of the people
in the stability of their Government mei eased
with each succeeding year, until they behoved
that it was equal to any emergency. But this
feeling of security has suddenly given way to an
alarm that is almost universal, and not without
reason. At this moment several States are in
armed rebellion against the national Government,
and have seized all the forts, aisenals, end other
property belonging to the United States, within
their borders, of which thoy could obtain posses-
sion by either fraud or violence. Tiie immediate
cause of these high-handed and treasonable acts
was the defeatof the Democratic paitvin the late
5 elections; but the chief conspirators admit that
they intended to destroy the Union: that they
have kept this object steadily m v;ew for many
'j years, and that the triumph of the Republican
l' party has enabled them to unite the South, and
' accomplish their purpose at this time. It was
;! thiuugh the influence of these men that Charles-
l' ton was selected as the place tor holding the last
fj national Democratic convention: and when thai
]' convention assembled, it was through r heir agency
i' that it was broken up, its disi uption foreshadow-
in? the intended disrupt) on of the Amcncan Union.
; By this means the result of the presidential elec-
i tion was placed beyond a doubt; and as their
friends and guilty associates were at the head of
almost every department of the Government, they
were enabled to use its power in making all need-
ful preparations, to give, as they hoped, complete
success to their treasonable schemes.
Mr. Speaker, I do not hold the whole Demo-
cratic party responsible for this, for I know that
an overwhelming majority of them are loyal and
patriotic citizens, who love the Union, and would
willingly pour out their blood in its defense.
E^erywhere, at the Worth and South, during the
late political campaign, they pointed out the dis-
umonists in their party, ana denounced them; and
the sequel proves how well they understood their
character and designs. Hitherto, defeated parti-
sans have gracefully submitted to the will of the
people, as expressed through the ballot-box; but
at this time, a majority of the people in the south-
ern States seem to imagine themselves justified
in resisting it. Those who are in favor of the
Union, profess to believe their institutions arc in
danger, and demand certain amendments to the
Constitution as the price of their allegiance, which
will change its character entirely and forever.
Though not engaged in the treasonable attempt to
subvert the Government, they assure us we must
not interfere with those who <nv,lest wc exasperate
them, and bring on the conflict, which is sure to
come at last, unless we will grant whatever they
demand.
There are some noble exceptions, of men who
are willing to do justice to the Republican party.
I have before me an admirable letter, written to
some members of the Legislature of Arkansas,
| by Hon. Albert Rust, November 12, 1860, from
! which I make an extract. Mr. Rust says:
! I believe that hum Uu* adoption of the Fedeial Cousti-
j tut ion to the present moment, ih e south n n people have never
| hud less cause to complain of our Government, ami threaten
, ih overthrow, than they nov: kuve. ll the mo&t experienced
and enhdiU'iicdftate^mc]! of otiKr countries could witness
the univeiPcii piospentv enjo\cd by ihe people of our own,
and at the same time the tear—it'not theoonvicuon,\\lucu
is almost a-, universal—that fh'' Government io which we
owe -o much o! it is on tie; brink of disruption, they would
be c?> iren t-> the conclusion that a general lunacy had seized
upon the minds of the jimerican people."
The admission that the South never had less
cause to complain, is the admission of a fact which
no one can well dispute; and the prosperity of the
people everywhere, to which he alludes in such
forcible terms, was indeed wonderful, and with-
out a parallel in any other country. Industry was
richly lewarded, and myriads of happy families
dreamed only of a continuance of this abundance.
Again: Mr. Rust says:
"I iceosm/.oil the election of Mr. Lincoln by !<>s, per-
hap;., tli.ufone third of the votes of tile United States, aided
by the intrmuusof southern disuuionis-ts, as no justification
for a thought of revolution. Elected under the foims of the
Constitution, those u ho would resist, or defeat bij fori e hi*
inauguration, u-ould commit the highest crime known to our
luu•s.,,
Many eminent southern men have used similar
language, and I do not see how honest men can do
I otherwise. Sir, what have the Republicans done
' to justify the hue and cry which has been raised
I about them all over the country ? Nothing at all.
i In the exercise of our constitutional n°hts, we
! have elected Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal
| Hamlin President and Vice President ot theUm-
! ted States. This, wo have done, and this is all we
| have done, i know it is said that our candidates
j embody principles which ate destructive ol south-
| (in institutions. But if it icere so—which I deny
| —what opportunity have wc to carry them into
j practice? The Opposition have a majority of
i both Houses of Congress for two years tocome,
i and in all that time we cannot pass a iaw: in fact,
[ we cannot pass the appropt lation bills, to pay the
! expenses of the Government, without the aid of
; our political opponents. Two years hence, they
! are as likely to elect a majority or this Ilou^e as
! we are; but, if they do not, they will still have a
j majority in the Senate the whole of Mr. Lincoln s
I teun; and yet we aie told that his election is so
| full of danger to them that numerous amendments
j must be made to the Constitution for their secur-
• ity, and made forthwith, or dissolution is mevi-
table. Sir, I do not like the hot haste of these men
m matters of so much moment. There is no ne-
cessity for it.
I But"we arc told the southern people ar<> very
| much excited against the Republican party: and 1
! presume they are, for our candidates and our prin-
