mo
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
ciples have been alike the subject of the vilest mis-
representations. Southern editors have written
what they pleased about us, confident that no one
would dare to defend ys, and thus subject them-
selves to the fury of the mob. They have told
the people thai mr. Lincoln would use all the
power of the National Government to abolish
slavery in the States, and wherever it existed; that
he was in favor of the social and political equality
of the negro; and other stories of a similar char-
acter, not one of which could be contradicted
where they were published. A few weeks ago,
a letter purporting to be written by Mr. Lincoln
to some person in Wheeling, which was well cal-
culated to inflame the public mind at the South,
was published throughout Virginia for the pur-
pose, doubtless, of aiding the election of disunion
delegates to their State convention. The letter
was an infamous forgery, but thousands of honest
men at the South will never hear of it.
Southern gentlemen, too, of high position, have
assured the people that our Vice President, Mr.
Hanthn, was a mulatto! and now, when they have
succeeded by such means in exciting the people
almost to madness, they call upon us to pacify
them by a base surrender of our principles. The
member from Texas [Mr. Reagan] said, in a late
speech, " to give us our rights, is to disband the
Republican paity;" and a distinguished Senator
from the s fcmo Slate said, in substance, that if the
Republicans would abandon their principles, and
make satisfuct ory amendments to the Constitution,
they might possibly save the Union.
Mr. Speaker, these ideas are not peculiar to
these gentlemen, but are embodied in nearly all
the peace propositions, so-called, that have been
submitted to Congress, and-m the speeches of
southern gentlemen, which we hear almost daily.
They bid u£ throw away our platform, and take
theirs, (which was condemned by two thirds of
the voters of the United States m the late elec-
tion,) and incorporate it into the Constitution!
Why not say that northern freemen shall not
vote at all, nor have any voice in determining
what the policy of our Government shall be, un-
less their opinions arc in liaimony wiih Southern
sentiment?
Sir, do these gentlemen from our northern citie.s
who talk to u.vabout restoring peace and harmony
expect that we .shall enjoy the right of suffrage
hereafter, if wp relinquish the rights growing out
of it now ? We have just elected a President,
and the South threaten to dissolve the Union un-
less we submit to such terms as they think proper
to impose, i f we purchase peace at this time, and
succeed m the elections four years hence, will not
the defeated party, encouraged by their success
now, rise agam in rebellion, and (Umauth he sub-
stitution of the.ir policy foi ouis in the adminis-
tration of the Government: Sir, we cannot do it
without destroying all confidence in the power
and stability of the Government, and disgracing
ourselves at home apd abroad. Let all who love
the Union rally around the new Administration,
and thus preserve the national Government fiom
threatened destruction. That is our fust duty;
and then, if any section ut the countiy have any
grievances'to complatn of, they should ho re-
dressed. But let us cling to the Government of
our fathers, the source of our" prosperity and
power, and the sheet-anchor of our liberties and
rights.
The introduction of the question of slavery into
politics is the source of all our troubles. For
this, southern politicians .'done nie i esponsihle.
By adroit appeals to the passions and prejudices
of the pcopie in their own section of the country
they hove succeeded in effecting a union of the
southern States, by means of winch they hoped
to retain the continued contiol of the national
Government, and use all its power for the exten-
sion and protection of their favorite institution.
They conceived the idea of making this a s;reat
slaveholding Republic, by the annexation ofMex-
ico*and Central America; and they believed that
they would be able to control its policy, enjoy
its patronage, and wield its whole power forever.
Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to discuss the
question of slavery; but it seems impossible to
avoid it. Every day, from the commencement of
the session, this subject has been thiust upon us
to the exclusion of ail other business, so far as
possible. We have heard the same old stories
about fugitive slaves, the higher law, the John
Brown raid, and the last speeches of Phillips and
Garrison, just as we are obliged to listen to some
hand-organ under our window, thtit grinds out
the same old tunes yesterday, to-day, and forever.
Sir, the policy of the Republican party is that of
the founders of the Republic and the framers of
the Constitution. They consider slavery an in-
stitution of the States, which was created and
should be protected—if protected at all—by State
legislation. The national Government have noth-
ing to do with it, except to provide for the return
of fugitives, and no more power to extend and
protect than they have to abolish it. This was
the policy of those who administered the Govern-
ment for the first half century of its existence,
ail denials to the contrary notwithstanding. The
sages of 1770 looked upon slavery as a moral, so-
cial, and political evil, and believed it would grad-
ually disappear under the influence of the great
principles enunciated in the Revolution. Not in
a year, or two, was this to be accomplished; for
it was st> interwoven with the whole structure of
society that its sudden removal was impossible.
In several of the Slates it was giauually abolished ,
but the introduction of the culture of cotton at the
South increased the value of slaves and slave la-
bor enormously, and in due time effected a change
in the opinions of the people who were benefited
by it. rhe judgment and the consciences of men
are always affected more or less by their inter-
ests; and while we may condemn our southern
brethren, there is no reason to believe that we
should have done botterunder likeeiieumstances.
If, then, we are unlike them, we must admit that :
it is the icsult of eaily training, and of an educa-
tion under different influences.
1 need not quote the opinions of the^reat states-
men who lived in the eaily days of ihe Republic,
for all are familiar with them; but I must quote a
passage or two from later southern authoiitiesin
reference to their opinions. From the leport of
acommittee on negro labor, to the southern com-
mercial convention at Vicksburg, Mississippi, in
1*S59, 1 take (he following passage:
"When the Constitution <>I l lie I 'in ted State* w.t- lotmed,
oiti ne:;u> l.iboi --y-ti'm WiH. in th.-oi\ and [>i.u: 'ce. r-i.i
vci\ ; bid its ultimate u!>olt!i-)u u ai i>ctto tt'hj e.ipeeled. The
('on-l ilUUeil ll-elt be:ns evidence of t!u-, and m> do the
public debutes and pnvute eone^-poudence ol lii.it duj "
Mr. William L. Yancey, of Alabama, whose
eloquence has gilded tieason itself in tin- eyes of
thousands, ma specch delivered oefore the soul h-
ern commercial convention at Montgomery, in
1858, laments the influence of the opinions of the
statesmen of the Revolution on the question of
slavery, and said that " the old fogies of that day
(177(5) entertained opinions in relation to slavery
which ve of this day are unanimously agreed are not
sownd." Further on, he says:
•• The distinguished, venerable, practical, and philosoph-
ical gentleman irom Vnjrtma [Mi. RntlmJ ktiou-s Hud Mi.
Jefferson was tvro in /us vlcca about a Unci ?/."
In the eloquent eulogy which Mr. Pryor de-
livered during the last session of Congress on
Hon. William 0. Goode, of Virginia, m alluding
to the efforts made in that State, m l&'W, to se-
cure the abolition of slavery, he says:
" i-'or tin1 fust tnne, cmzen> ot* a slavehohlnitf commu-
nity vvcie (hiven, by tlic appaiont insecurity ot the system,
to i'\ploie in inundation?., and with a icudi foi wkiek my
(cu pnsom woe jnepaicd. In onhueention of traddional
tfieuv 71 i'vrs dUcovewd ami demon-mated that ne^io «lnveiy,
netcad of benis; <m aceulciit.il evil, which men toki.ue
mcirlv lot want of a practicable lemedy, i>- an nwmntion
\\ Inch cu-ts m vutueof the mo^t essential human interests
and the hcjhe-t sanction-* ot the moial law.'"
It is not quite thirty years, then, since south-
ern statesmen discovered that slavery was ret an
evil, but a blessing. Mr. Speaker, they may be
n^ht, but ire have failed to discover it; and, in the
absence of all proof and argument, we think the
weight of authority is in out favor.
Mr. Yancey, Mi. Pryor, ami Mr. Rufftnt may
disagree with those "old fogies,1'Jettison,Mad-
ison, Mason, and their associates, but we prefer
"to follow in the footsteps" of the illustrious
founders of the Republic; and our confidence in
the wisdom and correctness of their opinions is
confirmed by the concurrent sentiment of the
whole civilized woild. Sn, no lover of his eoun-
ti y can look upon tin; rapid increase of the slave
population without alarm. In a few years more
they will number twenty million, and a large army
will be necessary to keep them in subjection. We
are told that this rapid increase in numbers is a
proof that slavery is the best condition for the la-
borer; but the reverse is the fact. When society
is highly cultivated and the comforts of life are
most generally diffused, population increases in
a much slower ratio than H does among slaves,
or among the degraded denizens of filthy hovels
and dirty lanes. It was so with the children of
Israel m"Egypt;- it is so here, and will be found
so everywhere.
To me it seems the way in which God arms the
victims of avarice and despotism against those
who oppress them; thus enabling them, in time,
to compel a redress of their grievances. Be that
as it may, their rapid increase will,eie long, drive
ihe South to the adoption of some plan for the
| removal of all free ntgroes, and possibly of a
: portion of their slaves. Its extension over more
; territory w?U not change the result in the least.
' The South have more cotton lands now than
fifty million .slaves can cultivate; and long before
they reach that number the whole system will be
abolished by causes whose operation it will be
i impossible to resist. Southern writers are in the
! habit of comparing, the condition of their slaves
j! with that of the laborers and operatives of New"
'j England. They seem to imagine that these op-
I er.uives are almost paupers, and that the cessation
of southern trade would he attended with fright-
ful consequences; but they know but little of the
independence of the free laborer at the North.
Sir, in the six New England States these opera-
tives and laboiers have more than one bundled
j ami (went)-ftve nullum dollars in the mtmeious
. savings' banks*, and they could probably uuse
more money m ten days than the new southern
| eonfedeiaty in two years, with a!' the means it
can comm.md.
I But why attempt a comparison of these two
I opposing systems? Any man who ever did a
j day's woik himself, knows that intelligent labor
; is tlie most profitable, always and everywhere, to
; any community; and you can no more convince
! him lo the eontiaiy, than you can convince the
' ('h nstutn that there is no God. 1 >iH that luboi, to
be inli'lhijen t, must be free. Si a vt ry at t his time is
profitable to the few, ami. under the flag of the
Union, the slaveholder finds that peace and seeu-
i ity which is so necessary to his prosperity. The
anti-siavery press may denounce him; but if, m
his own judgment and conscience, he is satisfied
of the rightfulness of slavery, what should he care
about their opinions? Their papers cannot cir-
culate around him, and he can pursue the even
tenor of his way, undisturbed by all, and secure
in the knowledge that the whole power of the
Government, is pledged to secure him from inva-
sion, and suppress a servile insurrection. If the
leaders of the secession movement desire the pios-
perity of slavery, their conduct would seem akin
to madness, since war is the worst possible enemy
of the institution. Those who would secure the
abolition afsUxvevy,without regard lo consequences,
are delighted at the prospect of a dissolution of
the Union. They know it will lead to wai, and
thathope will last till slavery is abolished. The
editor of the Knoxville (Tennessee) Whig, in a
late number of his paper, says:
The effort to break up this Government, led on bv South
Carolina, w a wicked, (latins*, nnd damnable act. for vhich
its "aiUii leaders ought to he ij;n )nunou^h/ executed Tins
whole scheme ol disunion isamoie eouMtmmate abolition
contrivance than evct wii? devu-ed attheX'orth by the most
u!ua ami -laveiy men. and will work sweater mi-chief to
the slave population of the rountiy. It will brum about
the overtlirq>e of \laeeny one kinnhcd years sooner than the
JLcpuhlv mi Could have done )t.,)
But we are told that cotton is king; that this
great staple is especially necessary to France and
England, and that these great Powers would in-
terfere to prevent a war which might destroy a
crop for one or two seasons, to the great injury
of their manufacturers and trade. This is simply
absurd, and before long they will be convinced of it.
There have been a great many monopolies at
different periods in history; but the business men
of the day, sooner or later, found a way to es-
cape irom and destroy their power. The cotton
monopoly is the largest ever known; and south-
ern statesmen seem to imagine that it can rule the
world; but they may rest assured that England
