1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
The SPEAKER. The Chair made the an-
nouncement under a mistake; and he has now
only corrected his own mistake, as he has always
done.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I insist that the roll-
call shall be gone over again.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask if the list of names
had been read over before the announcement was
made ?
The SPEAKER. It had not.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then, for that reason, if
for no other, no announcement could have been
made.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to say that I was put
off my guard by the fact that the names had not
been read over. I now desire to say that, not-
withstanding the ambiguity of the resolution, I
will vote in the affirmative.
Mr. PETTIT. On the understanding that the
resolution is intended to declare that the Federal
Government has no right to interfere with slavery
in the States, and that the States have no right with
each other's municipal institutions, I vote "ay.M
Mr. FRANK. Understanding this resolution
to refer to the present slaveholding States, when
speaking-of " States," I vote " ay."
Mr. PALMER. I have a single word to say.
Mr. BURGH. 3s it in order to debate this
proposition ? If it is not, I object.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman himself made an
explanation out of order, and now ho objects.
Mr. PALMER. I merely desire to modify my
resolution, if there be no bbjection.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not object to hearing the
statement of the gentleman; but I object to any
modification of the resolution after the House has
voted on it.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, to obviate the
verbal criticism ofgentlemcn, I will, if unanimous
consent be given, amend the resolution by insert-
ing the word "slaveholding" before the word
" States;" so that the last line of the resolution
will read " in any of the slaveholding States of
the Union."
This was intended to be, and in my judgment
is, the fair meaning of the resolution, as it was
drawn by me and presented to the House. I sug-
gest the amendment, however, in order to remove
the ambiguity which gentlemen seem to discover
in the phraseology of the resolution; though I do
not think the language is fairly liable to the forced
construction which they apprehend might be given
to it.
Mr. GARNETT. If the gentleman will mod-
ify his resolution so as to strike out that portion
of it which relates to purpose, I will not object.
Mr. PALMER. I cannot make that modifica-
tion.
Mr. GARNETT. Then I object to any change.
Mr. PALMER. Very well. I am content with
the resolution as it is.
Mr. GARNETT. Then the gentleman will
vote that they have not the right to control sla-
very in his own State.
Mr. HATTON. With the explanation of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] I
vote for the resolution.
Mr. KUNKEL stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted " ay."
Mr. STANTON. I think, myself, I should
do my colleague [Mr. Pendleton] injustice if I
were to assume that he would vote against this
resolution; and I therefore do not feel inclined to
withdraw my vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. My colleague can
exercise his own discretion; but I think that if he
infers he would not do injustice to my colleague
by voting, lie is mistaken.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. HOARD. I move to reconsidcrthcvoteby
which the resolution was adoped. I do it for the
purpose of amending the resolution, so as to make
the wording of the resolution clear as to its pur-
pose. I move the previous question on the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question again recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr.'HOARD. I move to amend by insert-
ing the word " slaveholding" before the word
''States;" and I demand the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for a division of the
first resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I have the floor. I move
that the resolution be divided, so that it will read
first, that the free States have no constitutional
right to interfere with slavery within the slave
States; secondly, that 
Mr. HOARD. I call the gentleman to order.
It is not in order to debate the question while the
call for the previous question is pending.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that I will not be in-
terrupted in my statement of the division I desire.
Mr. HOARD. I have called for the previous
question, and I insist that debate is not m order.
Mr. BURNETT. It does not matter whether
the gentleman has called the previous question or
not, because I have, under the rules, the right to
call for a division of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has the right to demand a division of the
question.
Mr. BURNETT. I do call for a division of
the question. I want a separate vote on that por-
tion of the resolution which declares that it is not
the purpose of the majority of the people of the
free States to interefere with slavery in the slave
States. I do not want to vote on that. I have no
doubt, sir, that the majority of the people of the
North, as evinced by the men they elect and send
here, and especially by the election in November
last for President and Vice President, are in favor
of interfering with slavery in the slaveholding
States. [Cries of " No !" " No!"]
Mr. STANTON. Let us consent to the divis-
ion proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky.
[Cries of " Agreed !"j
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the resolution is not divisible, as suggested by
the gentleman from Kentucky, so as to leave two
distinct propositions to be voted on.
Mr. BOCOCK. It may be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to gentlemen on the
other side not to interpose objection. I hope that
they will not force us to vote on their purposes
in connection with the other proposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman need
not vote unless he wants to.
Mr. BURNETT. All I ask is that the resolu-
tion may be divided, so that the members on this
side of the House shall havu an opportunity of
votingonthe proposition whichhas theirapproval.
Mr. HASKIN. I rise to a point of order. My
colleague [Mr. Hoard] has submitted a motion
to reconsider; and on that he has called the pre-
vious question. I make the point of order, that
while the call for the previous question is pending,
it is not in order for the gentleman from Kentucky,
or any other gentleman, to indulge in debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and hopes that members will refrain from
indulging in debate when it is so clearly out of
order. But the gentleman from Kentucky was in
order, in suggesting a division of the resolution.
The Chair has decided the division he has pro-
posed to be out of order, and the question now is
on secondingthedemandforthepreviousqucstion.
Mr. BOCOCK. Before the previous question
is seconded, 1 ask, as I have a right to do, to be
excused from voting on the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I make the same request.
Mr. BOCOCK. I cannot make my request after
the previous question is seconded.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 suggest a compromise, that
the other side vote on their purposes, and this side
vote on the law and the Constitution. [LaughtUr.]
Mr. BOCOCK. Is not the first question on ex-
cusing me from voting?
Mr. BURCH. I also ask to be excused from
voting.
The SPEAKER. The motions for excuse will
be considered when the vote comes to be taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a proposition on which
every member in the House can vote. [Cries of j
" Read it!"] I hope the demand forthe previous !
question will be withdrawn by the gentleman from
New York, so that the word " purpose" may be
stricken out. We have already expressed ouit
purpose. We do not ask gentlemeipon the other
side to declare our purpose; and we do not intend,
sir, that they shall tell us what we must think or
propose, nor what we either will do or intend to
do. I hope that the portion of the resolution in
reference to the purpose of the northern people
may be stricken out, so that every member in
the House can vote forthe resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. That is fair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also move to put in the
word "slaveholding," as suggested by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Palmer."!
Mr. HOARD. I agree to that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask my colleague to ac-
cept another amendment.
Mr. GROW. I want it understood, if the res-
olution of the gentleman from Ohio bo received,
that it shall be a substitute for alfthe propositions
at present before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is my proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the resolution of the
First Congress of 1790, on this question, will be
attached to the proposition of my colleague.
Mr.SHERMAN. I think, myself, thattheres-
olution of the First Congress of 1790 is better
than the one now before us; but as this has been
voted on by the House, I decline to acccgt any
modification of it beyond what I have already
stated. I call for the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope my amendment will
not be cut off by a call for the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
men on the other side will not differ as to their
purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to be hoped that gen-
tlemen on the other side will endeavor to do what
is right, and not make remarks of a kind to excite
division in the House.
_ Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My remark was
intended as a peace-offering. [Laughter.]
Several Members. Let the resolution, as it
now stands, be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That neither the Federal Government, nor the
people or thegovemments of the non-slaveholdmg States,
have the right to legislate upon or interfere with slavery in
any of the slaveholding States in the Union.
Mr. GROW. Is that a substitute for all the
other propositions ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is. At the suggestion of
my colleague [Mr. Bingham] I still further modify
my resolution, so as to substitute the word " Con-
gress"for " Federal Government." Congressis
the law-making power, and the word " Congress"
ought to be used instead of the words Federal
Government." I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CURTIS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
unanimously in the affirmative—ayes one hun-
dred and sixty-one; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Aclains, Green Adams, Al-
drioh, Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, William O. Anderson,
Avery, Babbitt, Barr, Barret, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bo-
cockj Boteler, Brabson, Bravton, Briggs, Biistow, Brown,
Buffinton, Bureh, Burhngame, Burnett,Butterfield, Camp-
bell, Carey, Carter, Case, Hoiaee F. Claik, John B. Clark,
Cobum, John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin,Covode,
Cox, James Craig, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Dimmick, Duel),
Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Ethpr-
idge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Garnett, Gilmer,
Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morri-
son Harris, John T. Harris, Haskm, Hutton, Ilelmiek,
Hoard, Ilolman, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Jenkins, Junkin,
Francis W. Kelloeg, Kenyon, Killingei, Lariabee, Leake,
Lee, Lovejoy, Maelay, Mallory, Marston, Elbeir r5. Mai tin,
Maynard, McClernand, McKean, McKenty, Me-Knight,
MePhcrson, Million, Millward, Montgomery, Lnban T.
Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Moni^, Isaac N.
Morris, Nelson, Niblack,Nixon, Nooll, Palmer. Ferry, Pet-
tit, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Q.uujles,
John Reynolds, Kice, Itiggs, Cliri&tophei llubm&on, Royce,
Summon, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, William N. H.
Smith, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, Wilfiam
Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratton,Thayer, Theaker, Thom-
as, Tompkins, Train, Tumble, Vailandigham, Vancc, Van-
dever, Van Wyck, Vcnec, Wade, Waidron,Walton, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, EHihu B. Washburne, Webster,
Wells, Whiteley, Wilson, Windom, Wiuslow,and Wood-
son—161-
NAYS—None.
So the resolution was unanimously adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. PERRY stated that his colleagues were
