1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
have been examined and approved by the Attorney General
ot the United States.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended & concurrence; the subject-matter of the
amendment having been provided for in the defi-
ciency bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
In the following clause strike out " five," and insert
tl ton
Foi stationery, blank books, binding, furniture, fixtures,
repairs, painting, and glazing, $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
In the following clause, after the word " thousand," in-
seit five hundied
For miscellaneous items, $0,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Page 11,lino twenty five, after the word "cleiks," strike
out '• messenger," and insert in lieu thereof Ck messengers
so that it will read:
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and thecleiks,
messengeis,assistant messenger, and laborers in his office,
$93,440.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
1'nge 15, lino twenty-two, afterthc word " clerks," strike
out'* messengers," and inset tin lieu thereof" messenger
so that it will read:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior, and
the cleiks, messenger, assistant messengeis, watchmen, and
lahoiers in his office, $36,900.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Page 16, line sixteen, after the word "and," stiike out
the word " laborers," and insert in lieu thcieof "laborer;"
so that it will icad :
For compensation of the Commissionerof Indian Affairs,
and tliccieiks, messenger, assistant messenger, watchmen,
and laborer in his office, $31,940.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended u concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Line nineteen, after the word "assistant," strike out
u messenger," and in lieu thereof insert " messengers so
that it will icad :
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
the clci ks, messenger, assistant messengers, and laborers m
his office, §'82,340.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 18, after line twenty-Mr, insert:
For compensation of surveyor general of Illinois and
Missouri, $1,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Twelfth amendment:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Louisiana,
$2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
Paifi 19, line eleven, after the word " thousand," insert
<l five hundied so that it will icad:
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon, fuel,
books, stationery, and other incidental expenses, $2,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Fourteenth amendment:
Line fourteen, after the word "messenger," strike out
"three," and insert in lieu thereof "five;" <^o as to make j
it read:
For lent of surveyor general's office in California, fuel,
books, statoiiery, and other incidental expenses, including
paj of messenger, $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Fifteenth amendment:
Line seventeen, after the word " expense?," strike out
" two," and insert in lieu thereof " three;  so that it will
read: , *
For office rent for the purveyor general of Washington
Territory, fu°l, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses. $.{,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Line twenty, after the word "expenses," strike out
ei two thousand," and insert in lieu thereof" four thousand
five hundred;" so that it will read :
For rent ot the surveyor general's office m New Mexico,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental expenses,
$4,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page 22, line three, after the word "'and," strike out the
word " laborer," and insert in lieu thereof" laborers;" so
that it will read:
For compensation of the Chief of the 13urcau of Navy-
Yatdsand Dock*, and the clerks, messenger, and laborers in
Ins office, .$14,140.
Tha Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth amend-
ments:
Stake out the following:
" Jit 2)<ihhnc«a, Georgia.—For salaries of superintend-
ent, comet, assayei,and cleik,§3,000.
" For wages of workmen, $J,8K0.
" For incidental and contingent expenses, $1,000."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-fust amendment:
Page 30, line sixteen, before the word " and," strike out
" clerk," and insert in lieu thereof " clerks;" so that it will
read :
Foi compensation and mileage of the members of the
Lcgi&lative Assembly, officers, clciks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, including the sum of $37.3 due for
codnying the laws, §.20,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-second, and last amendment of the
Senate:
Add, at the end of the bill, the following as an additional
section:
Sec. 3. +dnd beit further enacted, That the provisions of
the fi.'th section of chapter mncfj-sevMi of the act of Con-
git's-J. approved Match 3, 18,33, requiting the Seetetaiy of
the Tieasury to limit the amount of refining at the Mint
whenever private establishments shall be capable of refin-
ing bullion, shall be extended to the several branches of the
Mint and to the United States assay office at New York,
in all cases when deposits of bullion aie made for coins in
fine bais , and that hcieafter tlx; chaige for convening ic-
fined bullion into coin's shall not exceed one fitth of one
per cent.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. BURCII. I hope the House will concur
in this amendment. It was adopted in the Senate,
I believe, without opposition. Our Government
charges at this time one half of one per cent, for
coining refined gold. The consequence is, that it
drives $50,000,000 out of the United States to for-
eign countries for the purposeof coinage. 1 believe
that in the history of the world no Government
but ours has charged anything for coinage. I
should like to know the reason why the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is very
important, and if adopted by the House will rev-
olutionize the operations of our minis. Under the
present law, about six tenths of one per cent, is
charged for refining gold. This amendment pro-
poses to reduce that charge to two tenths, which
would he a reduction of over four hundred thou-
sand dollars, and an appropriation of at least that
amount would be required to make up the defi-
ciency.
But the first clause of this amendment proposes
virtually to give a monopoly to one man in Cali-
fornia of tins process of refining gold. A few
years ago a jaw was passed that when private
establishments in the city of Philadelphia under-
took the process of refining gold, the Secretary of
the Treasury might withdraw that operation from
the Mint. This amendment proposes to extend
that law to California, and to all the cities in the
Union. The effect of it would be to destroy the
assay office in New York, and transferthis whole
process of refining gold from the mints to a single
man, because there is only one refiner of gold in
the United States. The amendment is very im-
portant, and 1 do not think it was carefully con-
sidered by the Senate. I have looked over the
debates, and I find that it was not discussed at all.
The amendment passed the Senate sub silentio,
and the House ought not'to concur in it without
serious consideration.
Mr. BURCH. I have no wish to build up a
monopoly of any business, nor do I think tnat
will be the effect of this amendment. We have
more than one refiner in California. I know that,
while we have many assay offices, parties are
obliged to send their bars of gold to England and
other countries, and pay freight upon them, to
have them coined, because of the enormous
charges of the Government; and, after paying
freight, thereby save a large amount. The gen-
tleman knows that it drives $50,000,000 of bullion
annually out of this country for coinage. My
honest opinion is, that if this amendment should
be adopted, thereby enabling our own mints to
do all the coinage of bullion collected in our coun-
try, it wcuIJ produce a larger amount of revenue
from the mints than theGovcrnmentnowdeiives.
That is my impression in regard to it. I pre-
sented to the Committee of Ways and Means sta-
tistics showing that such would be the effect of
the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that we not
only read ail that the gentleman presented to us,
but we gave an interview to the gentleman who
is interested in this matter, and heard him pa-
tiently; and we unanimously came to the conclu-
sion that the amendment ought not to be concurred
in.
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman does me injus-
tice when he says that this amendment is for the
benefit of one house in California. I do not be-
lieve that that is its purpose. It is recommended
by the Superintendent of the Mint at Philadel-
phia, in a letter, which I laid before the Commit-
tee. If, however, it is the disposition of the
House to defeat the amendment, of course it will
have to go to a committee of confcrencc; but it
does seem to me that it would be to the advan-
tage of the Government for us to adopt it.
The Committee of Ways and Means, I know,
is all-powerful here, and that it is almost impos-
sible to overcome their opposition*, but when I
think they, from a want of interest in the subject-
matter, have overlooked the true interest of the
Government, and have wholly disregarded the
interests of my constituents, 1 hold it to be my
duty to oppose even so formidable and influential
gentlemen as compose that committee.
Mr. MILLSON. I should like to know what
obligation there is on the part of the people of the
United States to coin money at their own expense,
for the benefit of those who cxtract the ore from
the mines. To concur in this amendment of the
Senate would be to take a retrograde step. Some
years ago the Government attempted to charge
seigniorage. The present charge for coining money
does not equal the expenses. The one half per
cent, does not reimburse the Government its act-
ual expenses in coining; and now the proposition
is to reduce that charge of one half of one per cent,
to one fifth of one per cent.
Mr. BURCH. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia whether, if the effect of charg-
ing this one half of one percent- is to send to for-
eign countries for coinage $50,000,000 a year, and
if the reduction of the charge to one fifth of one
percent, were to keep that sum to be coined here,
the Government would not be benefited by the
change ?
Mr. MILLSON. By no means. The Govern-
ment would be overwhelmed with the work of
coinage, if some of the gold did not go in bullion
to foreign countries. We now export about eighty
million dollars a year; and now let gentlemen con-
ceive the effect of adding that sum annually to the
existing circulation of the country !
This gold must be exported. We are a gold-
producing country. We producegold for expor-
tation. If the Government of the United States
is to be called upon to coin this $80,000,000 addi-
tional, why should it be expected to do so at its
own expense? The Government of the United
Statesowns alargenumberof valuable gold mines
in California. The whole of the gold contained
