276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
36th Cons. ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Carter.
Ho. op Eeps.
has had the unequal task of bearing up against
hostile opinion supported by the whole power
of the Government, which for half a century,
with small interruptions, has been its constant
auxiliary. I can applaud with honest sympathy
the spirit which refuses to bow to the domination
of its peers, or to negotiate for peace with those
who appeal- in the panoply of rebellious arms.
Something in the way of indulgence may also be
granted to the pride of a great party in the flush
of its triumph, and disposed to wear its laurels
with comeliness, save when its submission is im-
periously. demanded. But let it be remembered
that those who have gone out of the Union, and
now stand in the attitude of hostility to its Gov-
ernment and to its people, seek no terms of recon-
ciliation. Their purposes, no longer aided by the
resources of the Union, aie no longer disguised
under the form of grievances seeking for redress.
It is but a few days since one of the Represent-
atives of the State of Louisiana, in his valedic-
tory remarks, upt>n retiring from this Hall, said
it was his belief, that if the most conciliatory
propositions now before the House were adopted,
that would not stop the progress of secession in
the sectionof country from whence lie came. The
declaration of Mr. Yancey, in his recent speech
before the State convention of Alabama, is still
more uncompromising and decisive. He said:
" 1 avow myself as utterly, unalterably, opposed to any
and all plans of reconstructing a Union with the Black Re-
publican States of the Noith. No new guarantees no
amendments of tlie Constitution, no peaceful lesolutions,
no repeal of offensive laws, can offer me any, the least,
inducement to reconstruct our relations with the 11011-slave-
holcjing States."
• This much, then, at least,.is settled; we need
not seek for terms of reconciliation with those
who decline, beforehand, any appeal which could
be submitted, and who have chosen for themselves
$>e attitude of implacable enemies of the Govern-
ment and the Union. But, sir, there are those
who have assumed no such attitude, and yet who,
from personal appfehension, or from the neces-
sity of their position, look to those who desire to
preserve the Government for some consideration
of their position; and I have heard, not without
emotion, the patriotic appeals of those gentlemen
from the border Suites who have spoken so nobly
and so ably for the preservation of the Union.
Their words have fallen upon the country like
the voice of Providence interposing to stay the
tide of rebellion and to avert the horrors of in-
testmc war.
And 1 felt afresh hope for the continuance of the
Union when I heard my distinguished colleague the
other day,under circumstances which exemplified
and tested his statesmanship, make his patriotic
response to those appeals. We may well seek for
consistent effort and fellowship with those who
have been as loyal to theUnion as ourselves,and
who have never approached us with maledictions
or threats, to join again as our fathers joined, to
preserve that Union which they toiled and died
to create; and for myself, I feel it to be my duty,
withoutthc sacrifice of essential principles, to pay
some heed to the exigenciesand necessities of the
present and the future, as well as to any shibbo-
leths of the past. And I believe the generous
constituency which sent me here, not as a politi-
cian or as a partisan more than as a citizen, and
by a various suffrage, will justify me, amidst these
unexpected embarrassments, in the exercise of
that independence which is requisite to insure the
guidance of my own judgment. If otherwise,
then, much as 1 might regret the loss of their con-
currence, 1 cannotdecline the responsibility of
doing that which patriotism and duty demand of'
me. 1 tun not prepared to sacrifice any principle
which seems to me essential to the l ight position
of the incoming Administration. Having con-
tributed in a humble degree to its inception, I
expect to do whatever I may to promote its con-
tinued success. But may not some of the weapons
of aggressive warfare be laid aside after the cita-
del is taken, and those be brought into action
which are adapted to its security and defense?
Viewed from a political sland-point, the rallying
principle of a party is valuable to it chiefly to that
degree in which it may be administered when that
party is successful. Licentiousness maybe but an
excess of liberty and superstition of faith. May
not men of all parties pause, then, and see to it
that in our contests to settle the doctrine of civil
freedom we do not blot out from the earth its fairest
and most hopeful and most puissant example?
If they will restore peace to the country,_ or
satisfy our friends in the border States, as I think
they ought to do, I am willing to support, in the
mam, the propositions of the committee, the prin-
cipal features of which are, the constitutional
amendment and the enabling act for New Mexico,
proposed by my colleague; or, if it may be deemed
more satisfactory, a convention of the people,
legitimately called, to which the subject in con-
troversy may be referred. But I cannot vote for
measures which, in my belief, would secure only
a temporary lull of excitement, with the proba-
bility of bringing back an aggravation of evils at
no distant day. The Union is too great a prizi;
to be staked at every presidential election. The
question of its preservation, in spite of the existing
causes of discontent, should be definitively settled
now. If possible, it should be sosettled as to restore
that ancient harmony and fellowship among the
States, which would be a bond of Union stronger
than statutes or compromises or constitutions.
In addition to the noble words which have been
spoken here and elsewhere by patriotic men from
the border States, several of those States have
spoken for themselves in unmistakable terms.
Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri have done
so; and Virginia, mother of States and of Presi-
dents, has spoken with the great voice of her peo-
ple, proclaiming that the remains of him to whose
tomb strangers'from every land make pilgrimage,
and at the mention of whose name every Ameri-
can heart swells with mingled reverence and grat-
itude, shall still sleep in the soil of that Union
which has rendered the glory of his name imper-
ishable. Massachusetts, which holds in her bosom
the ashes of his great compeer—that Massachu-
setts which poured out her treasure like sand, and
her blood like water, in the days of common peril,
and whose valiant sons sleep in the soil of every
State, from Maine to Georgia—will hail with joy
the steadfast loyalty of her ancient friend.
Mr. Speaker, in the failure of a peaceful adjust-
ment of the existing troubles, we have been told
the dread alternative is war. Already have our
ears become accustomed to that sound; some speak
of it as possible, and others even as propable, and
speculate upon itsduration and picture its horrors.
More than once have we heard how valiant and
relentless will be the contest on the part of those
who have already left, or who design to leave, the
Union. I have no wish to say a word in retalia-
tion; but let me cue the language of Mr. Clay,
uttered a little more than ten yeais ago, upon the
characteristics of such a war. He said:
" If, unhappily, we should be involved in war—fl civil
wat'—between tlie two parts of this Conledeiaev, in which
the elfoits upon the one side should he to lestiain the intio-
duotion of slavery into new Termoi ics, and upon the oilier,
to lbree IN introduction there, what a spectacle should we
present to the astonishment of mankind, in an effort, not to
piopagate rights, but—i must say, thoiluh I trust it will bo
umierfLood to in' said Willi no d'.-.-iL'n to excite feeling—a
war lo propagate wtonn-* in tlie Tenitoiies thus aeqiuied
tiom Mexico. It would be a war in which we should have
no swnputhies, no pood wishes; In which all mankind
would he asfaiot-t us; in winch our own bi-tory itself would
he against us."
state of the union.
OF HON. L. C. CARTER,
OF NEW YORK,
SPEECH
Even in such a war as that, sir, I will notdoubt
the valor of any of our countrymen; i will not
impugn the courage of any portion of the Ameri-
can people. But I mean no threat when 1 say,
that it should be remembered that this manly vir-
tue is not limited to either section. Those who scoff
at Puritan blood should trace the history of those
who huve come of it. If it be cold and not. easily
roused, when roused it docs not so easily subside.
It has overflowed its earlier landmarks, and gone
mingling with the sturdy races which people the
mighty West; it has sent nota small element into
the gallant South; and wherever found, it. will he
folly to count upon its weakness. The same
qualities which would make a civil war terrible
In the House of Representatives,
February 27, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
tlie select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. CARTER said:
Mr. Speaker; I know there are many questions
more or less connected with the subjectnow under
discussion before this House; but as they all os-
tensibly grow out of the offense taken by the South
at the election of a Republican as chief executive
officer of the nation, for the next four years, I pro-
pose to first say a few words on this subject, be-
fore proceeding to investigate those more imme-
diately named as matters of dispute.
Sir, it is not my intention to weary, by the
length.of my remarks, those gentlemen who may
courteously give me their attention; for, in truth,
I have felt so little disposed to enter the arena of
political combat, that nothing but a sense of duty
to my constituents and the common interests of
our country could have impelled me to the at-
tempt. Called home unexpectedly since the com-
mencement of this session, by a summons which
admitted of no delay, I had scarcely entered my
dwelling ere I was brought face to face with death,
and thus made to realize the emptiness and inse-
curity of earth's fairest promises. In the first
hours of that crushing grief, when called upon to
yield to "Him who gave "my youngest born, the
light of my household, I felt that my work, like
hers, wasended; but as I stood by her child-grave,
the solemn thought intruded that, if it were really
ended, then I also should be going with her down
to that narrow house. The rebuke was timely; it
checked my impatient grief; and in that place of
graves I silently resolved notto yield to its destroy-
ing influence; but rather, by God's help, to work
on still, while life remained, diligently seeking to
do the duty of the hour, whatever that might be,
that so, when my summons did come, I might be
ready to give an account of my stewardship. In
the discharge of that duty, 1 address you to-day;
and though my words may be but few, I will
endeavor that they shall be to the point.
As regards, then, this vexed question of Presi-
dent, I believe all men at this day admit, that
our national Constitution is the great charter of our
rights, the basis of all our laws, and the very ark
of safety for all who owe allegiance to our Gov-
ernment, or seek protection beneath the folds of
our national flag. Howdoesjfdeclarethata Presi-
dent shall be elected ? Sir, 1 am not going to inflict
a resume of its provisions upon those present, as
I take it for granted t hat they are perfectly familiar
to all within the sound of my voice. I shall con-
tent myself by simply asking: have not thosepro-
visions been complied with in this instance ? And
if so, of what do gentlemen complain ? Surely not
that Mr. Lincoln (regardful of the proprieties of
life, and the requirements of his high position)
! has carefully abstained from ai rogatmg to himself
! powerthat,asyet, was not rightfully his. Neither
can they justly accuse him of any declaration of
intentions hostile to any section of that fair land
j over which he is soon to preside as its Chief Mag-
i istrate. Elected oil constitutional grounds, with
j a past record that the ablest man on this floor
| might well be proud of; a man of known lnteg-
i nty, conceded judgment, and much steadiness ot
i purpose; possessing, also, such a reputation fur
! legal capacity,as,ifmented,may well makehima
I soumi interpreter of his constitutional rights and
! powei as President, what is there, what can there
: be, so very alarming in the elevation of such a
i man to that responsible office, as to make gentle-
i men in this House declare that they do not con-
; sulci- their State rights safe beneath his jurisdiction?
I But, sir, even admitting that their fears had any
foundation in fact, (which I deny,) would that
among our countrymen, are those most valuable |j justify them in acts of treason against the Gov-
in the conservation of a steadfast peace. To this i ernment—that Government to which their aile-
eild, therefore, let our present counsels be aimed, glance must be sworn ere they can stand up in
and our efforts directed, and only after leason has j, this House and make declarations inimical to it?
failed, and conciliation trenches upon justice, let !l Sir, I hold that " the Constitution of the Umleu
us think of an alternative which shall fill our land ij States" is supreme over all who hold office under
with mourning, and its rivers with blood. II it;alike powerful to prevent encroachment on any
