1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the TJnion—Mr. Carter.
Ho. op Reps.
right which it guarantees, as to protect its faith-
ful ministers in the full execution of their several
duties, as declared by its provisions. If this be
so, wherefore should the election of Mr. Lincoln
be declared a sufficient cause for the disruption
of this Union ? Sir, it is a declaration too absurd
for belief; a declaration not believed in, even by
those who are most strenuous in propagating the
mischievous doctrine.
Sir, the vital principle of our national Govern-
ment is nurtured in the inmost recesses of every
patriot's heart. This I cannot surrender without
a struggle, however weak that struggle may prove
to be. In contemplating the condition of our coun-
try, we are reminded of the fact that no nation of
people sincc the creation has been exempt from
the infirmities of human nature. The good and
wise men of all nations have, at times, been called
upon to avert the calamities which the unwise and
imprudent have brought upon their nations and
people. Sir, the time is now when we should
call upon the wise and good men of this country
to avert those present calamities which the un-
wise and the imprudent have brought upon us,
and which are now threatening the destruction of
our national Government; beseeching them to ap-
ply such remedies a may restore peace and har-
mony to the people, without destroying the beauty
of that structure which has ever been the glory
of the nation.
And now, Mr. Speaker, what is the cause of all
this turmoil and disturbance and defection? It
is not necessary, sir, to look up for it into Heaven;
it surely is not there; neither shall I explore for
it in the depths of the sea, or in the bowels of
the earth, because the source of the present dis-
orders is plain and palpable to every eye and to
every ear—made patent every day, and almost
every hour, throughout this Government, in this
Congress, and in this Hall.
Sir, I shall not trifle with this House, or sac-
rifice my own self-respect, by dilating on false
or insufficient explanations; but I shall at once
acquit my own conscience, and I believe meet the
secret assent of every heart, when I say that the
true cause of all the disorders which prevail is the
great Democratic party. That party is the one
great source and magazine of all our woes. Sir,
that party, once a popular (though I believe al-
ways a deceitful) party, has, in its later history,
struck hands with the haughty and overbearing
leaders of the South, and agreed to rule the des-
tinies of this nation for southern sectional ends
and purposes, if it could, by so doing, receive the
reward of southern sectional support in return.
Such, Mr. Speaker, has been the unholy bar-
gain; and its fruits are now before us. They howl
upon every blast and sigh in every wind that
wafts news to our ears. There, sir, is the begin-
ning, the middle, and the end of all the difficulties
with which we are nowenveloped; and it will be
only through perverse blindness, or shrinking
cowardice, that an attempt shall be made to search
for the cause anywhere else.
Mr. Speaker, so long as a combined South and
a divided North could be obtained as a basis of
Democratic predominance, all went well. But,
sir, when, by mismanagement of the cards they
had in their own hands, and by overplay, the Dem-
ocratic party presumed too far, they put their
supremacy to the test, and finally lo t it. But for
the repeal of the Missouri compromise—which
was brought out by the unholy conjunction of
southern uiistocrats and northern Democrats—
that party might have indefinitely kept their power
over this deluded and defrauded people. Sir, the
repeal of the Missouri compromise was the weight
that broke the camel's back; and the frauds and
blood-letting in Kansas crushed it to the ground.
The most audacious and unshrinking license
was taken with the popular sense of right;and in
this free and constitutional country the most des-
potically absolute and unrighteous means were
used to force Democratic decrees and Democratic
policy upon an unwilling people. Sir, the Dem-
ocratic party heard the rumbling of the distant
thunder in 1856. They were not a little alarmed
by.it; but, like the old Bourbons of Europe, they
would neither rememberanything nor forget any-
thing; and to their other enormities they added
the use of force on the plains of Kansas, and col-
lusion ami fraud in this Capitol. Yes, sir: the
people of Kansas were operated on in one way,
and the Supreme Court of the United States in
another. There, blood was drawn; here, the
honor, and the deep confidence due, and really
reposed by the people in our American Areopagus,
was tampered with, in order to buttress southern
encroachments and Democratic predominance.
Gentlemen may exclaim—they may open their
eyes in holy horror; but I firmly believe that the
day will come when more or less,butata!levents
enough, of the circumstances by which the Su-
preme Court was induced to reverse its own re-
corded decisions, and thus to endanger its strong-
hold upon the confidence of mankind, (asjt cer-
tainly did in the so-called Dred Scott decision,)
will be exposed to the gaze of the world. Yes,
sir, murder will out; and some day, sir, sooner or
later, we shall know it all.
It may be well enough, in this connection, to
note what some of the other courts have said in
relation to the same subject.
The Louisiana court says:
" The relation of owner and slaves is, in the States of the
Union in which it lias a legal existence, the creatuie of
municipal law."—Marten'Louisiana Reports.
The Mississippi court confirmed the same doc-
trine:
11 The right of the master exists, not by the force of the
law of natuie,or of nations, hut by virtue'only of a positive
law. Slavery is condemned by reason, and the law of na-
ture ; it exists, and can only exist, through municipal reg-
ulations."— Walker''s Mississippi Reports.
The Kentucky court says:
" Slavery exists only by positive law of a municipal char-
acter, without foundation in the law of nature, or the un-
written or common law."—MarshalPs Kentucky Reports.
But I go on. Another quadrennial term was at
hand, and 1860, with its notes of preparation, its
conventions and campaigns, was upon us.
Revert, sir, to the history of the Chai'leston
convention, and you have in advance andin minia-
ture, the present disruptions and disorders of our
great country. There, sir, the majority rule was
trampled scornfully under foot; for the men who
dominated there, though ostensibly Democrats,
were really and solely aristocrats.
Mr. Speaker, it will not do to charge-the Re-'
publican party with the doings at Charleston or
Baltimore. There were no personal liberty bills at
either place, and Mr. Lincoln's name was notput
in nomination at any time, from the beginning to
the end of the drama, either at Charleston or Bal-
timore. The southern disunionists ruled on those
occasions—they ousted their more numerous com-
petitors—they disregarded all personal proprie-
ties,and recognized party action, and showed how
completely they had committed themselves to the
policy, either to rule or to ruin. They were will-
ing to disrupt and destroy their party. Who, then,
can suppose they would hesitate to disrupt and
destroy their country?
Now, then, we perceive the law of righteous
retribution. The northern Democracy had sold
itself to the South; but when the time had come
for it to be paid, how was it paid? Ah, Mr.
Speaker. I will leave the Douglas Democrats on
this floor to say how; but it seems to me as if the
payment was very much like what the .North got
when its time came under the contract with the
South in 1820, for the enjoyment of the territory
north of 30° 30'. It was, to my mind, but a rep-
etition of their practice, to keep the word of prom-
ise to the ear, but to break it to the hope. Ah,
Mr. Speaker, when will southern chivalry and
honor ask to be trusted again'1
And now, let us look more directly into the
complaints made against the North by the spokes-
men of the South. 1 understand there are four
principal grounds of dissatisfaction:
First. That too many of the fugitive slaves of
the South get away through the northern States
into Canada, and are lost to their masters.
Secondly. That some of the northern States
have enacted bills, called personal liberty bills,
which are said to impair the efficiency of the fugi-
tive slave act.
Thirdly. That there is an inequality between
the citizens of the northern and southern States,
as regards their enjoyment of the national Terri-
tories.
Lastly. That the South wants "guarantees"
that the North will not assail its rights and its
property, in order to remain in the Union.
Mr. Speaker, as to the escape of negro slaves
from the southern States, I do not know who is
to blame, except the negroes themselves,and their
masters. As northern people have nothing to do
with southern negroes., they are not responsible
for the discontents which the negroes may feel,
either on account of the privation of liberty, or of
the special hardships which they may undergo.
With respect to the masters, the northern peo-
ple may have this much to do; they may say to
them, and say to them seriously, " Why do y&u
not keep a better police on your own side of the
line, and not throw upon us all the burden and
the blame of this matter? The one is not pleas-
ant, and the other is unjust. If you complain of
underground railroads in the northern States, we
say, as a people, that we know nothing about
them, any more than you seem to know of the
underground railroad in the southern States, by
which the negroes get up to the boundary line.
If we are guilty, you are more so; and, as the evil
begins with you, you should be the first to pro-
vide an adequate remedy for it." Instead, there-
fore, of slave escapes being a cause of complaint
by the South against the North, the complaint
lies, with justice, in the contrary direction.
The second alleged ground of complaint is, that
some of the northern States have passed persona!
liberty bills. Well, sir, lam afraidsome of those
States have really passed enactments which tend
to neutralize the intended and lawful effect of the
fugitive slave act. I have always disapproved
such acts when they go to that length, and I do
now as much as ever. I am glad to see that
Rhode Island, and some other States, are correct-
ing their record in that particular, by making the
amende honorable. But. while I and all other im-
partial men may claim to find fault with such
legislation, I would ask, does it He in the mouths
of the spokesmen and advocates of the South, to
complain ? I respectfully submit that it does not.
Mr. Speaker, the South is itself responsible for
these personal liberty bills; their true source lies
in that most ill-advised and fatal of all measures,
the repeal of the Missouri compromise line in
1854. That repeal was looked upon by the peo-
ple of the North, as a flagrant breach of honor
and fidelity, and as a declaration by the politi-
cians in the interest of the South, that they were
at all times ready to take any step, honorable or
dishonorable, that would insure to the South
political advantage in the councils and govern-
ment of the country.
Sir, could anything be more solemn than the
efforts made in 1851 and 1852, by the men who
perfected the compromises of 1850, to declare the
everlasting " permanency"and unending finality
of the compromises of the latter named year ?
And yet, sir, what was a " permanentsettlement"
in 1852, was permanently unsettled in 1854, by
the politicians I have just referred to. The North
naturally and justly felt that the South would not
keep its faith with them; and I suppose, partly
from the resentments thus enkindled, and partly
from a sense of the dangers to which the colored
inhabitants of the free States were exposed by
what is called the Dred Scott decision, the prin-
ciple of which is, " that the colored man has no
rights which the white man is boundto respect,"
the people of a few of the States were betrayed
into the enactment of unconstitutional features in
their personal liberty bills. That, sir, is the whole
of it; and as, but for the frauds and violence that
were connected with the history of the Lecompton
constitution, there would have been no John
Brown raid; so, but for the sullied honor and
bad faith which marked the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, and the subsequent kindred
and inhuman opinions of a majority of the judges
of the Supreme Court, there would have been no
personal liberty bills.
Thus do I prove, and I think inrontest&bly,
that, however third parties might find fault with
those enactments, it does not lie in the mouths of
southern men and politicians to complain, much
less to break up the Union on account of them.
Next, as to the alleged inequality in the enjoy-
ment of the Territories, about which, I think,
more barefaced sophistry has been uttered tnan
upon any other subject. I must confess, Mr.
Speaker, that I have been amazfcd at the length
to which gentlemen have gone in their assertions
