278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the tlnion—Mr. Garter.
Ho. of Ebps.
and arguments on this topic. We are told that
the States are unequal. How so ? Is there any
toll-gate at the entrance of any Territory of the
United States to keep out a citizen of Virginia or
Arkansas ? I have never heard of such, even amid
the myriad of false charges that have populated
the atmosphere of this Hall. Are there not men
of southern origin in all the Territories, and do
not a great many of them vote for making those
Territories free States, whenever they have an
opportunity? Such, 1 believe, is the fact, where
no unnatural or political influences are set on foot
to prevent their voluntary purposes. Well, then,
where is the inequality? It is said, with more
effrontery thangrace, that,because southern slave-
holders cannot transfer their negro property from
South Carolina or Mississippi to Nebraska or
Washington Territory, therefore there is inequal-
ity. For my part, I have, individually, no objec-
tion to their transfer, and, as many interpret the
so-called decision of the Supreme Court, they say
they have that right now. Why do they not go ?
Anorthern man takes hishorses,cows,and sheep;
so a southern man can take his horses, mules, and
negroes. Where then is the complaint? All is
equal so far. But, if a negro in a Territory should
run away from his owner, it is said there is no
law to catch him. Is there not as much law for
that as for the capture of a runaway horse ? Prop-
erty is property,and owners must take careof it,
ana not require Legislatures to interfere to catch
runaway stock. A law that should be made to
order out the posse comitatns to catch a fugitive
negro, would be a gross inequality, if there was
not a similar law to catch a fugitive mule. So,
then, it appears that the loud and noisy demand
made by southern politicians for equality, is, after
all, a demand for inequality, and in their own
favor.
Thus melts into nothing complaint number
three.
The last cry I have to notice is " guarantees!"
"■guarantees!" Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a sur-
prising demand, indeed, to come from the South,
except upon one consideration, namely: that peo-
ple are apt to suspect others to be what they are
conscious of being themselves. But, even upon
tluvt principle, the South is not justified, for the
South knows by long experience what the North
is; and so the cry for " guarantees" is neither hon-
est nor sincere. " Guarantees"the South has had,
and to spare, as I proceed to show.
„ In 1819 and 1820, when the inchoate State of
Missouri was preparing to enter the Union with
her southern boundary on the parallel of 36°, and
her northern boundary 40° 3G' north, there nat-
urally arose a question whether she should be a
slave State or not. The comparatively high north-
ern latitude into which she extended seemed to
point to making horn free State, under the prin-
ciple which prevailed over the northwestern ter-
ritory according to the ordinance of 1787. But
the question was warmly contested, and at length
mutual concessions were made between the par-
ties contending respectively for making Missouri
a free or a slave State. They agreed upon a com-
Eromise, and placcd it in form upon the statute-
ook. Now, sir, that compromise continued
thirty-four years on the statute-book, and thirty-
four years in our country is a large portion of its
past national existence. That was a mutual
"guarantee." IIow was it kept by the North?
Why, sir, most religiously.
But the Missouri compromise was broken, and
by whom > It was broken at the instance—as I
think the records will show—of David R. Atchi-
son, of Missouri, and Archibald Dixon, of Ken-
tucky; and as Mr. Dixon tells us, in his speech
in January, 1854, solely in the interests of sla-
very and the South. He also tells us that his
proposition, when first made in the Senate, " took
that body by surprise, and no one appeared more
startled than Judge Douglas." In his letter of
1858, addressed to Henry S. Foote, Mr. Dixon
says that, immediately after he had made the prop-
osition for the repeal, Judge Douglas came to his
seat, and
il Courteously remonstrated against it, iii^geKting that the
bill he had introduced was almost m the vvoids ot the ter-
ritorial acts for the organization of Utah and New Mexico;
that they beinp a part of the compromise measures of 1850,
he liad hoped that i; a known and jealous friend of the wise
and patriotic adjustment which had then taken place, would
not be inclined to do anything to call that adjustment in
question, or to weaken it before the country."
But, sir, no matter: the burst of natural aston-
ishment of Mr. Douglas and his virtuous remon-
strance, soon vanished; and he presented himself
ready to weaken and destroy not only the com-
promise of 1820, but that of 1850 also, as his words
and actions alike prove. At Chicago, November
4, 1854, he said, as follows:
"So far as the point ot repeal is concerned, the only dif-
ference between me and the Abolitionists and tlie Free-
Soilers is, that they tried to do it in 1848 and failed, and I
tried it m 1854 and succeeded."
This was at a great public dinner, where he
made a speech, and responded to a series of toasts
given.
Again: in the same place, in response to the
toast, " The Constitution of the United States—
the only American boundary which ought not to
be expanded," Mr. Douglas spoke thus:
" Tift us stand firm hy our principles; they are the prin-
ciples of the Constitution of the Union—of that gi eat Dem-
ocratic party which has so long controlled the destinies of
the North. Let there be no compromises with the enemy,
for they are the enemies of the country; no concessions to
theiiateful and pernicious 'isms' of the day."
Here, if I understand Judge Douglas, he was
opposed to any compromises, to any concessions,
which would tend to expand the Constitution, no
matter by whom it was demanded, calling all such
" the enemies of the country." Can he and his
friends now compromise with, and concede to,
those whom he calls " the enemies of the coun-
try,"any more than they could then? DoesMr.
Douglas think that the provisions of the Consti-
tution are broad enough to protect slavery in the
Territories? And if so, why does he now seek
to expand it, if it is not to limit the area of free-
dom ?
The difference between the Utah and NewMex-
ico bills and the Kansas and Nebraska bill, was
a difference which was an advantage in favor of
the South, obtained against honor and against
solemn pledges to the contrary. It was gained by
the South and for the South by means of aid from
the northern Democracy, who rejoice in being the
subsidized cohorts of sectional southernism. It
was done, too, against the remonstrance of south-
ern Whigs, of whom I instance one, Mr. John
Bell, of Tennessee. Two years after the repeal
of this compromise—February 23,1856—Mr. Bell
said, that at tiiat day—
(£ If the sentiments of a majority of the people of the
South coukl bi: truly and fairly obtained, an overwhelming
majority would pronounce the lrpeal of iho Missouti com-
promise the most unfortunate mcatuio ever sanctioni-d by
Congress."
And, sir, it is my opinion that, if the true issues
which arc now distracting the country were hon-
estly and truthfully put before the southern peo-
ple, this day, an overwhelming majority would
denounce the traitorous acts of those designing
men who have brought the present difficulties
upon them and the whole country; and I predict
that the day will come when the southern people
will call their present political leaders to a fearful
account for these acts of folly and madness.
Again, sir: look at Texas. Was not that acqui-
sition made wholly in the interest of the South, to
givchermore territoryforslavery,and moreStates
for the sake of political predominance in the Sen-
ate? Surely, the ease and success with which
Texas was acquited, show no need of " guaran-
tees" from the North. But, sir, look for a mo-
ment at the other side. After wasting our blood
and treasure to give Texas a territory up to, and
almost to the sources of, the Rio Grande, costing
us many a million, and making her a prosperous
and a proud State, where is she now? What
4' guarantee' 'has the North for the security of that
possession? "Guarantees," iorsooth! the guar-
antee that the lamb will not swallow the wolf!
Again, sir: after the South had got up the Mexi-
can war, on the false pietense that "American
blood had been spilt on American soil,"and spent
northern blood and northern treasure, in the pur-
suit of her sectional aim, what then ? Air. Speak-
er, it turned out that the adventurers who got into
California, after the capture of that country by the
American arms, were wise enough not to entail
upon the future of that fair land the evils and
miseries of slavery; and they applied for entrance
into this Union as a free State. Was not this
reasonable, sensible, and legitimate? Surely so;
but it gave an occasion to bring forth to the light
of day, the true motive which had prompted the
South to inveigle the country, the whole country,
into the Mexican war. It was pretendedly un-
dertaken on national grounds, but the bitter ani-
mosity aroused in the southern heart, at the will
of California to become a free State, showed that
the blood and money of this whole nation had
been expended to subserve purely sectional ob-
jects. To such a height did southern indignation
rise, that they threatened disunion in 1849 and
1850, on that sole account. Now, sir, I ask again,
who is it that has the true right to demand "guar-
antees" for fair play and honest national action?
Surely, sir, it is not the South that needs "guar-
antees"from the North, but rather the North that
should have them from the South, no less for the
sake of the South herself, than for the peace and
welfare of the whole country.
Further, sir, let us look at Kansas, that field of
fraudulency, perjury,and blood. In whose inter-
est were the crimes of Lecompton committed?
Surely, not in the interest of the North, so as to
demandfrom her "guarantees"thatsuch shame-
less profligacies shall not again be committed.
And, lastly, behold the captured forts, plundered
arsenals, pilfered mints, sacked custom-houses,
and a depleted Treasury; the beleaguered troops,
and outraged flag of our country. Has the North
done all these things, so as to require to give se-
curity and " guarantees "for future good behavior?
Why, sir, did audacity ever equal what has been
done, and is now doing, along the Gulf coast?
Yes, sir; I think the audacity of requiring " guar-
antees" from the North for the security of the
South far exceeds the audacity which a misguided
Chief Magistrate has permitted, if not encouraged,
during the past few months. Let us, then, hear
no more of " guarantees."
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that it matters
not by which party,or which section, the troubles
were got up; tney exist, and they must be healed,
and that without considering their source and ori*
gin. I confess that, to a certain extent, this may
be true; but I think I perceive in it the presence
of a policy which would sccure for a particular
political party (of which even patient men have
grown weary) a new and perpetual lease of power,
by snatching from hurry, panic, and incaution,
advantages that could not be wrung from cool
judgment and right reason.
But, sir, I forego all objection on that score,
and am willing to do what 1 can and ought to-
wards repairing the mischiefs that have been so
wickedly inflicted on the public weal. I am will-
ing to vote for any measures calculated to remove
the causcs of reasonable dissatisfaction, if any
such exist; but, sir, I am notgoingeither to speak
against, or to vote away, the Constitution as a
bribe to any State or section of this country for
staying in the Union. If South Carolina, or Mis-
sissippi, or Virginia, does not esteem and love the
Union sufficiently to remain in it, without being
bribed by a surrender of that Constitution which
their noble fathers made as well as mine, then
I, for one, will olfer no bribe to their acceptance.
If the people of the southern States, who felt
themselves aggrieved, or thought that their con-
stitutional rights were not respected, had speci-
fied their grievances, and proposed remedies for
the same, I have been ready at all times since I
have been a member of this House, and am still,
to vote for the adoption of such remedies; pro-
vided it comes within our constitutional power to
apply them. And, if they asked for anything
which involved a change of the Constitution, and
desired to submit such proposed alteration to a
convention of the people of the nation, that they
might consider and decide upon the propriety of
such alterations, I have been ready, and am still,
to vote with them to accomplish that end; piovided
that, in the mean time, they acknowledge the im-
perative duty of the executive Administration to
enforce, and of all the people to obey, the Consti-
tution and the laws of the United States. At the
same time, I should, individually, be opposed to
any alteration of the Constitution which would
extend the area of slavery.
But, sir, what are we asked for, as the consid-
eration we are to pay for the boon of continued
union J Why, sir, it is useless to conceal it, the
