862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
ENIIOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced thattheSpeak-
er of the House had signed thefollowingenrolled
bills and joint resolution; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
A hill (S. No. Ill) for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer;
A bill (S. No. 531) to change the name of the
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 57) for the ben-
efit of Duvall & Brother.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 9th inst., the following bills and joint res-
olution:
A bill (H. R. No. 181) to provide for a super-
tendent of Indian affairs of Washington Terri-
tory and additional Indian agents;
A bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Moses
Meeker;
A bill (H. R. No. 972)authorizing a loan; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) extending
the time for taking testimony on the application
of Cyrus H.McCormick for the extension of his
patent.
RESOLUTIONS OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. WILKINSON. I present resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Minnesota, on the
state ot the Union. I ask that they be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Minne-
sota, on the state of the' Union. Adopted January 22,
186L
1. i*csohcrf,Thatoneofthe vital and necessary principles
which I'onn the basis of all free governments is, that the
constitutional niujonty must uhvajs nilejand therefore,
the light of the people of any State to withdiaw Irom the
Union, thereby hazaidmg the liberties and happiness of the
millions coiupoMng this Conledcracy, can never be ac-
knowledged by u-3 under any circumstances. We regau!
secesMon upon the part oYany State as amounting directly
to icvohition, and ptecipuaung civil war, with ail its sad
train of consequences.
"3 Revolt ed, That the people of the State of Minnesota
reiterate their unalterable devotion to the Constitution of
the United States ; and that if its provisions aie strictly ob-
served, it will, in its own words, injure domestic tranquil-
lity, provide ior the common delense, piomote the general
weltarc,and t>ceurc the blessings of hbeity to ourselves and
our posterity.
3. Resolved, That Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Ilam-
lm, having been constitutionally and legally elected Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States, at a general
election fuily and iieely paiticipated in, on the same day,
by the people oi eveiv State of the Union, South as well as
North, any attempt to dissolve or destiov the Union on ac-
count thd'eof h. without excuse or justification, and should
receive the condemnation ot every pan tot in the land.
A. Resolved, That we have heaid with astonishment and
indignation ot the recent outrages peipetiated at Charles-
ton, South Carolina, by filing upon an Amciiean steamer,
mailing undei the flag of our countiy, and that we expect
of the General Gnvei mnentthe strongest and most vigorous
ellort to iisseitits Mipiemacy, and to check thewoik of
rebellion and deacon Fully improved with our duty to
make eveiy possible efl'oit to uphold the Union, and to
maintain the authority of the Goneinl Government, we
horebv tender to the Pi cedent of the United States foi that
pm po*.e, through the Governor of this State, aid in men and
money to the extent ot our ability. When one or moie
Statedeet the sund.ud ot disunion, and place themselves
in military array agauwt the Government bequeathed to u-:
by our ancestor*, we can di-eover no other honoiable or
patriotic re«ouiec than to test, both on land and on ocean,
the lull stiength of the Fedeial authonty undei our national
flair.
r>. Resolved, That we declare to each State of tins Union
our smceie desire to secme a renewal of that i internal teel-
in<r which ought always to exist between citizens ofaconi-
jnon country, and which distinguished the history of the
nation lor more than half a centuiy. Especially do we
expiry to tho;>e p.ituolie citizens of the southern States,
who have nobly and manfully excited then utmost eifoit<
to prevent the cataMiophe of dissoluiion, our sincere grat-
itude and highest admuattou.
G. Resolocd, That the ino t sinceie thanks of the nation
are ju-tly due to that distinguished patriot and veteran,
Lieutenant General Wiufield Scott, tor the prompt and de-
cisive fetepn he lias taken to stay the tide of i evolution, and
for the determined spa it he has evinced in maintaining the
honor of our Government.
7. Resolved, That we never will consent or submit to the
obstruction of the free navigation of the Mississippi iivci,
fiom its source to its mouth, by any power hostile to the
Federal Government.
*. RcsoUed, That the Governor of tills State is hereby
requited to transmit a copy of these resolution* to the
President of the United States, to Lieutenant Geneial Win-
field Scon, and to each ot our Senators and Representa-
tives in the Congress ol tlio United States, and to the Gov-
ernors of the seveial States.
IGNATIUS DONNELLY,
President, of the Senate.
JAREf) BENSON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the resolu-
tions lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no objection to
their being read; but as to their being printed, I
have a word to say. Petitions are not printed.
These resolutions are not addressed to the Sen-
ate. There is no request, even, to lay them be-
fore the Senate. I think that was the rule laid
down on a former occasion.
Mr. WILKINSON. They are the resolutions
of the State of Minnesota, passed in the Legisla-
ture; and one of the resolutions directs that they
be sent to the Senators and Representatives in
Congress. I take it for granted that, under the
decision which has been made heretofore, it would
be inferred, at least, that they should be presented
to this body.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe it has been the
universal practice to print resolutions of a State
Legislature.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I make no objection to
whatever lias been the practice; I only note the
fact that this paper is notaddressed to the Senate,
that objections may not hereafter be made on that
Mr. TRUMBULL. The resolutions of States
have always been nrinted, without objection.
_ Mr. CRITTENDEN. I say, I make no objec-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And never before was a
question raised, since I have been in the body,
that the resolutions of a State had to come in the
form of a petition. States send their resolutions
here, often instructing their Senators what to do.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was insisted on here,
upon a former occasion, that these proceedings
should be directed to the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Illinois is mis-
taken. It is not usual to print memorials of State
Legislatures, or any other source directed to in-
dividuals. These are not addressed to the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to say that, in my
experience in this body, which has nowextended
for many years, I have occasionally heard of ob-
jections made to the printing of resolutions or
other communications from a State; butthey have
always been oveiruled. The invariable practice
has been to extend that as a respect to the States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is no objection
to tiiat.
Mr. MASON. I thought the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana objected. *
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I feel no ordinary sat-
isfaction, Mr. President, in presenting to you the
petition which lies before me, on my desk, from
people of the State of Massachusetts. This peti-
tion is from one hundred and eighty-two of the cit-
ies and towns of Massachusetts, and is signed by
twenty-two thousand three hundred and thirteen
citizens of that State. These signatures were ob-
tained during four seculardays, under greatdisad-
vanfages. in some instances the petition remained
I only twelve hours in the town from which it was
sent; and in almost every case, when the petition
was retui ned, it was returned with the remark,
il if we had only had time to present it to the voters
of the town, the number of signatures could have
been doubledor, " if there had been time to see
them, a majority of the voters of the town would
have been glad to sign it." The little town of
Natick sends the signatures of two hundred and
fifty-nine of her citizens. What the number of
voters of that town js, 1 do not know; it is the
residence of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] who will know best.
Mr. WILSON. Twelve hundred.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The vote of the town
of Scituate, at the last election, was three hundred
and lifty—-one hundred and ninety-five being for
John A. Andrew for Governor. Three hundred
and eighteen signatures on this petition are from
| the town of Scituate. Bullardvale, a little hamlet
| where woolen goods are manufactured, contains
| fifty-four legal voters, and appends forty-one sig-
| natures from that number to this petition. In
Wendell, seventy-seven votes were cast for John
A. Andrew; and one hundred and seven of her
citizens have signed this petition. Cohassctgave
Mr. Andrew one hundred and twenty-eight votes,
and appends one hundred and forty-two signa-
tures to this petition. Marblehead sends the sig-
natures of five hundred of her citizens. Some of
the towns mentioned are on the seaboard, while
others are in the interior of the State.
Sir, 1 will ask that this petition may be read.
It is very short, and it is due to such a number
of subscribers as may fairly be considered as rep-
resenting, to a great extent, the people.
Tfie Secretary read the petition, as follows:
Tanhe Honorable the Senate and
' / House of Representatives in Congress assembled:
^The undersigned, citizens of Massachusetts, and also citi-
zens ot the United States, faithful alike to each allegiance,
believing that their sentiments towards the Union and to-
wards their common country have been misrepresented
and misunderstood; willing that all parts of the country
should have their full and equal rights under the Constitu-
tion, and recognizing in the propositions of Hon. J. J Crit-
tenden a basis of settlement which the North and the South
may tairly and honorably accede to, and which is well cal-
culated to restore peace to the country,re?pectluUypetition
that your honoiable bodies may adopt the same.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I wish
to make a single remark. The fact that my name
is mentioned m this petition creates not the least
degree of vanity or selfish feeling on my part.
No, sir; I honor this petition and these petition-
ers. I am cheered by such a voice, coming up
from Massachusetts in favor of the Union of the
people of this country. I consider it simply as
an evidence of their attachment to the Union; and
it is in that light that I think it is to be estimated,
and that all the country, I hope, will hear the
voice of twenty-two thousand of the voters of
Massachusetts in one petition. We have had
more than fourteen thousand petitioners from the
city of Boston, containing only nineteen thousand
votes. Sir, this speaks largely and loudly for the
sentiment of that State—her patriotic sentiment.
It must be accepted as such by all. However
wrong they may be in their opinions and in their
judgment, it shows hearts devoted to the Union;
hearts that are devoted to that Constitution and.
that Union which their ancestors so much con-
tributed to establish. Sir, I feel peculiar and es-
pecial satisfaction in presenting it; and will no
longer trouble the Senate with any remarks on
the subject. I move that it be laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The petition will be laid on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER. As I desire to say a few words
on that petition, I move that it be printed.
These petitioners, as I understand, ask you to
adopt what are familiarly known as the Crittenden
propositions. Their best apology, sir, for that
petition, is their ignorance of the character of those
propositions. Had they known what they are, I
feel sure that they never would have put their
names to that paper.
Those propositions go beyond the Breckinridge
platform, which has already been solemnly con-
demned by the American people. If adopted,
they foist into the Constitution of the United States
constitutional guarantees of slavery which the
framers of that instiumont never gave; which
Washington, Jefferson, Franklin,Patrick Henry,
and John Jay, if we may credit the testimony of
their lives and opinions, would have scorned to
give. Had any such propositions been made the
condition of Union, this Union never could have
been formed.
Mr. Madison told us in the convention that it
was wrong to admit into the Constitution the idea
of property in man; but these propositions pro-
pose to interpolate that idea; and, practically car-
rying it out, they run a black line at latitude of
36° 30', and give a constitutional protection to
slavery in all territory now belonging to the Re-
public south of that line; and to make the case
still more offensive, and more impossible to be
received at the North, they make it applicable to
all territory hereafter acquired; so that the flag of
the Republic, as it moves southward, shall always
be the flag of slavery, and every future acquisi-
tion in that direction shall be Africanized; and
all tins by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States. This is bad enough in an age of civiliza-
tion; but it is not all. Still further: they insist
upon giving constitutional guarantees to slavery
in the national capital, and in other places within
exclusive Federal jurisdiction. Nor is this all.
As if to do something repugnant to just princi-
ples, and especially offensive to the people of
Massachusetts, they propose to despoil our col-
ored fellow-citizens there of political franchises
loug time secured to them by the institutions of
that honored Commonwealth.
