1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
Sir, u is for those things that these petitioners
now pray; and they insist that they shall be in-
terpolated into the Constitution of the United
States. I have an infinite respect for the right of
petition, and I desire always to promote the inter-
ests and to carry forward the just and proper
desires of my fellow-citizens; but I must express
my regret that these gentlemen have missed the
opportunity, when uniting in such numbers, of
calling plainly and unequivocally, as lovers of the
Union of their fathers, for two things—two things
all-sufficient for the present crisis—with regard to
which, I should expect the sympathies of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. First, that the Constitution
of the United States, as administered by George
Washington, to bo preserved intact and blame-
less in its text,wilhout any tinkering for the soke
of slavery; and secondly, the verdict of the peo-
ple last November, by which Abraham Lincoln
was elected President of the United States, be
enforced without price or condition. Here is
ground on which every patriot and loyal citizen
of the land can take his stand, and have over him
the flag of the Union. How much better this
than any scheme, device, juggle, hocus-pocus of
compromise. On such a ground, all men who
really love the Union of their fathers, without an
if or a but, can plant themselves.
I remember, sir, that on the night of the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill—it was at midnight—I
made the declaration in the debate that then went
on, that the time forcompromise had passed. The
events taking place all verify this truth. It is ob-
vious that existing difficulties can now be arranged
only on permanent principles of justice, freedom,
and humanity. Any seeming settlement founded
on an abandonment of principles, will be but a
miserable patchwork, which cannot succeed. It
is only a short time ago, you will remember, that
the whole country was filled with shame and dis-
may, as the reports came to us of the surrender
of the southern forts; and when it was known that
Fort Sumter, too, was about to be given up, there
was a cry that went forth from the hearts of the
people, by which that fortress was saved, at least
for the present. Propositions are made and
brought forward by the Senator from Kentucky,
and now enforced by petitions from constituents
of my own State, calling upon the North to sur-
render its principles—to surrender those impreg-
nable principles of human rights which constitute
our northern forts. It is even proposed, sir, to
surrender the principle of freedom in the Territo-
ries—the Fort Sumter of the North. I trust, sir,
that they will all yet be saved; and as their safety
depends upon the people, and not upon a Presi-
dent, I hope that a cry will go forth from the peo-
ple like that which, only a few days ago, saved
that oilier Fort Sumter when it was menaced.
For myself, if I stand with many, or with few, or
alone, I have but one thing to say: "No sur-
render of the Fort Sumter of the North; no sur-
render of any of our northern forts. No, sir; not
of one of them."
But the bankers and the merchants of New
York and Boston tell us that the Government shall
not have money if we do not surrender our prin-
ciples. Then again, sir, do I appeal to the peo-
ple. I believe that the American people are not
less patriotic than the French people, and that
they only want the opportunity to come forward
and supply the necessities of the Government, as
the French people, only recently, at the hint of
Louis Napoleon, came forward with their loan,
all composed of small sums, in order to conduct
that war which ended in the liberation of Italy.
Our Government stands on the aggregate virtue
and intelligence of the people. It only remains, j
now, that sve should make an appeal to the aggre-
gate wealth of the people. The farmer, the me-
chanic, the laborer—every man who truly loves
his country, will contribute out of his earnings
to uphold the Constitution and the national flag.
Out of these''small sums, inspired by a generous
patriotism, we shall have a full Treasury, even if
the bankers and the merchants stand aloof.
There is but one thing, now, for the North to
do. It is, to stand firm in their position. They
may be guided by the testimony of one of the
greatest benefactors of our country. I mean La
Fayette; who, in his old age, when his experience
had been ripened by time; when he saw the old
French revolution as a surviving actor and a sur-
viving sufferer, from his scat in the Chamber of
Deputies, while recognizing the unutterable calam-
ities of that revolution, said that it was his sol-
emn duty to declare that, in his opinion, they
were to be referred, not so much to the bad pas-
sions of men as to those timid counsels that sought
to substitute Compromise for Principle. Lafayette
may well speak to his American fellow-citizens,
now, and inspire them to stand firm against any
timid counsels that would substitute compromise
for principle.
I have no desire to press my motion to a vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to present the reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The subject before the Senate has
not been disposed of.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts withdrew the motion to print.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky wishes to speak on it, I do not withdraw
the motion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. BINGHAM. I had the floor, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan was recognized, but the Chair
understood that ho wished to present a petition.
The present subject not being disposed of, the
Senator from Kentucky has the floor on the ques-
tion before the Senate, being the motion to print
the petition offered by him.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it might
seem to be a little ungracious in me to siep between
the honorable Senator and his constituents who
have sent this petition here. He charges them
with ignorance. lie is better acquainted with them
than 1 am; but it has been a boast long made, and
I have thought it a well-founded boast, that edu-
cation at the North was more universal than in
any other part of the Union; that the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts especially took the most
parental care of her people, and that they were
generally more enlightened, and a more reading
and writing people, than the population of any
other State of the Union. I had supposed that
this was the case. I have no particular acquaint-
ance with these gentlemen. The tie that is be-
tween us is that of our common citizenship.
Another tie that is between us is the coincidence
of our opinions and our attachment in favor of
this Union, and the honor they have done me in
confiding the presentation of this petition to my
hands.
The gentleman says they have signed it out of
ignorance. In presenting it, I supposed I might
appeal to the Senate to give additional force and
effect to this petition, because of the intelligence
of the people by whom it had been sent. The
gentleman supposes they have signed it without
understanding it; and for the purpose of showing
that they do not understand it, he has character-
ized my resolutions so as to render it, as he sup-
poses, impossible that an intelligent person could
sign the petition. They would have spurned it,
1 understand him, instead of signing it, if they
had understood it. It calls upon the North to
abandon her settled and impregnable principles,
he says. What principles' To permit slavery,
is all that is asked, in our present Territory. All
that is asked is, that the condition of slavery shall
remain in the Territory of New Mexico as it now
is. That is the substance. When I first offered
these resolutions, I presented them as a mere
basis upon which to establish some measure of
compromise. I invited gentlemen of all sides to
suggest amendments and alterations, and partic-
ularly I called their attention to that provision
which embraced in these resolutions territory to
be hereafter acquired. I stated that my principal
inducement to it was that it might prevent, and
would be calculated to prevent, the future acqui-
sition of territory.
The North, the ruling power of the country,
apprehensive that if southern territory was ac-
quired slavery would be established there, would,
of course, oppose such acquisitions. The South
would oppose northern acquisitions in the same
way, for the same reason. But I said at the same
time, and I say now, that if this is not acceptable
as a compiehensive settlement, which is to settle
now, and prevent hereafter, all controversy on
this subject, it shall not be with me an indispens-
able condition. What right has the gentleman to
complain, when he was invited to make amend-
ments. These resolutions havebeen beforeussince
the I8th day of December, and he has made no
proposition to amend or alter them ? None. Here
is a great measure of pacification. Every Sena-
tor is bound, as far as he can, to contribute to the
settlement of our great national troubles. If the
propositions I offered, and which I offered with
diffidence, are not adequate to the purpose, if they
ask too much, why have not gentlemen moved to
amend? Why has the honorable Senator sat here
for one month and more, and proposed no amend-
ment to the propositions which he now rises to
condemn his constituents for approving?
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to say, that every time 1 could get an opportu-
nity, I have voted against his propositions? I
have missed no opportunity, direct or indirect,
of voting against his propositions, from beginning
to end, every line and every word of them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not controvert that,
Mr. President; it may be so; but thatis not what
I am asking of the gentleman. It is: that if he
desired union and conciliation at all, why did he
not move to amend the propositions which he
now condemns ?
Mr. SUMNER. I will answer the Senator.
Because I thought there could be no basis of peace
on the Senator's propositions. The Senator's
propositions were wrong in every respect, in every
line, in every word. That is what 1 thought. I
was for the Constitution of the United Slates—
the Constitution of our fathers,-as administered
by George Washington.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If that was all true,
and the gentleman desired an amicable settlement
of the difficulties which now threaten the coun-
try, had he no proposition whatever to make?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; the proposition
which I havealready madc.thatthe Constitution,
as administered by George Washington, should
be preserved pure and free from any amendment
for the sake of slavery.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why did he not move
that? Why did he sit sullen and silent here for
one month or more, with his breast full of resent-
ment? [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order will be
preserved in the galleries, or they will be cleared
immediately.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. With such a spirit of
opposition to, and thinking as lie did of, these
resolutions, why did he not propose to strike
them all out?
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator let me answer?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes; 1 will.
Mr. SUMNER. I did vote for the proposi-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark.] I voted for it as soon as it could come
to a vote; and that expresses piecisely my ideas.
Thatdisplaced the Senator's proposition entirely.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. AH that I say remains
true. The Senator now has particularized some
three or four instances in which he considered
these resolutionsas particularly condemnable, and
now denounces the ignorance of his constituents,
as evidenced by their signing this petition. What
are they? We want a guarantee for slavery, he
says. Sir, the gentleman only half speaks the
truth. He states it as though we had risen up here
in a time of peace and quiet, to aslt an alteration
of the Constitution, simply for the purpose of ex-
tending slavery. Thatis not the case. Of the ter-
ritory acquired fromMexico by the common blood
and the common treasure, all lias been appropri-
ated according to the wishes of the North,and the
slavcholding States excluded. Here remains one
arid, sterile Territory alone—New Mexico 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one having arrived, it becomcs the duty of the
Chair to arrest the discussion, and announce the
special order, which is House bill No. 914.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone the order
of the day, to allow the Senator from Kentucky
to proceed.
Mr. BAKER. It can be done by general
consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If leave be given, I hope
leave will be given to reply. If everything else
is to give way to this discussion, Jet us hear both
S* The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general
consent, the bill may be laid aside, and this dis-
cussion proceed.
