2§0
, APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
36th Cong....2d Ssss.
First, Keep Old Compromises—Sir. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
and we have good reason to believe that he will
not disappoint us; that the sacred trust we have
committed to his keeping shall be faithfully-
guarded, and every duty fearlessly performed.
The wise men of the nation should rally around
him and strengthen his hands; not for war, but
that he may win back the hfearts of the people of
his country to.the true principles of the Govern-
ment, which protects every State in its sover-
eignty and every individual in his independent
manhood. But, if any portion of the people of this
country will not respect themselves, nor the rights
of others, then the strong arm of the Government
ought to protect itself, and all those who are loyal
to it. In this, there should be but one voice
throughout the nation.
More especially, while the public mind is under
such extreme excitement, should we guard the
Constitution, as the ark of our liberty, from the
hands of designing politicians or aspiring dema-
gogues. If it must be changed—if the people so
will it—then may calm deliberation mark the ac-
tion of every man who takes share in the weighty
task! If sound reason and judgment be not exer-
cised in the adoption of every change, even the
slightest, in that time-honored charter of our lib-
erties, the true source of our national greatness
and prosperity, then we shall have great reason
to fear that all will be lost, and we become a by-
word and a reproach among the nations of the
earth.
May the God of our fathers avert such calamity!
FIRST, KEEP OLD COMPROMISES.
SPEECH OF HON JOHN U, PETTIT,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 19, 1861.
The House having under consideration the report from
the select committee of thirty-three—
Mr. PETTIT said:
Mr. Speaker: But, for sickness, which has con-
fined me to my room for the last two weeks, I
should have sought an earlier opportunity of ex-
pressing my opinions on the important matters of
this report.
Statesmen, nor philosophers, nor lawgivers,
ever had their wisdom tried by a graver subject
of deliberation than ours. It is, first, nothing less
than the overthrow and destruction of this great
Union of free, prosperous, and happy States.
Next, the cause of popular Government is here on
trial in sight of all nations; and if this greatest of
all calamities to ourselves and'this age,and many
ages after us—a dismembered Union—must come
now, it will seem to carry with it the final solu-
tion of the vexed question of how far it is possi-
ble to have organized just and stable liberty by
the act and will of the people. It will be the quick
logic of kings that popular liberty has failed on its
best trial; and our overwhelming calamity will
carry gladness through ail their courts and pal-
aces. Shall we, whomallexternalpowerand pres-
sure aro unable to subdue, alone prove equal to
our own destruction, and commit to history the
most flagrant example of national suicide?
If the evil might lest here, it would be one thing.
But when we have thus surrendered the incalcu-
lable blessings of union, and compromised, in our
own example, the interest of free government, we
are then, tor the first time, brought face to face
with the inevitable question, when and how shall
any peace or government be recovered out of the
violence and convulsions that first destroy us, and
then follow our destruction ? Let no one hug the
delusion that there can be such a thing as a peaceful
breaking up of the Union. The scene of violent
quarrel may be shifted from those who have inau-
gurated this shameless revolution, to the border
States, to which this controversy is most distasteful
and unwelcome; but this will not lessen its fury.
If it doesnot come at once,itwill come soon. A
dissolution of the Union by any line, will be the
signal for unchaining all the passions not already
loose, and then the passions that have driven us
apart, no longer restrained by any reason, will
multiply causes for difference, and the boundary
that divides us will be planted with hostile camps,
and swarm with armed men. The various mu-
tual and dependent interests we have now, nursed
and strengthened by long intimacy, when dis-
turbed, will only give aggravation to the strife.
If the force of this blow is enough to break us in
two, another blow will shiver us to fragments.
And when, at length, peace comes, what will it
be? An armed peace, waiting for another cause
of quarrel, or utter exhaustion, because we are
tired of strife? And when will pcacecomc? Soon?
In the life-time of this generation, or shall our
rage survive us, and become the inheritance of
our children ? What sort of government will be
built up on the ruins of the Union, if the Union
is now to be destroyed, history teems with in-
stances of. Octavius and Lepidus and Antony
will divide the State and head their rival factions,
till the people, plundered with like indifference by
them all, and wasted by their exactions, and
wearied with their unprofitable dissensions, and
without protection, will take shelter under a mil-
itary despotism; and then public liberty will die.
These are some of the specters that start upon
us on trying to lift the curtain on the mournful
spectacle of a dismembered Union. Grave con-
siderations like these, of what we are required to
lose on blotting out the Union, and after it shall
have been destroyed, of the increasing perils that
will then surround us, admonish us all to act at
every step with candor, to state our differences
honestly, caution to avoid offense, respect to dif-
ferences and even prejudices of opinion, and punc-
tilious truth and justice. Counsels in such a
spirit will do much to assuage passion, silence
discord, and heal divisions. But if all this does
no good, I verily believe that this great union of
States, not of a part of them, but the union of all
the States, will nnd its safety—nay, even in spite
of us, and of all the machinations of mischievous
and deluded men—would find its safety in the
thorough and hearty devotion and attachment to
the Union of the whole people, whose quick in-
stinct of self-preservation, now rousing to a con-
sciousness of danger, would save it from over-
throw.
At such a time as this, more than any other,
the country was entitled to an ingenuous search
and exposure of the causes that have brought us
to tins perilous veige. if substantial wrongs and
abuses existed, then collection could be applied.
Accordingly, this House, wisely, in my judg-
ment, and promptly, appointed a committee of
thirty-three gentlemen, representing every State—
many of them of large public experience and dis-
tinguished by past services, whose very names
securcd public confidence—for the purpose of
making the inquiry and suggesting remedies.
Making such an unusual committee, was only an
expression of the great importance of the duties
with which it was charged. Without offensive
distinction, it may be said with truth, that of
the thirty-three gentlemen appointed, none had
stronger hold on the respect and confidence of this
body, and especially of their own section, than
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,]
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,j and
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Win-
slow.] They had, for a long time, been mem-
bers of this House. They had lived and acted no
small part in the contests of our late eventful
history, and hud all their motives by heart. It
was not unlikely that they felt deeply, and would
express eloquently, the wrongs of winch their
section complained; and it was certain that their
ability, thoroughness, and zeal, would leave noth-
ing else to be told, but it seemed just as certain
that nothing would be " set down in malice."
The action of this important committee has re-
sulted in two principal reports. The minority |
report which defends secession—armed secession I
—on the foundations of " public law and reason," j
although cautiously and hesitatingly, is the hand- I
iwork of the gentlemen from Missouri, Louisiana,
and North Carolina, with others less known; and
has importance now, as an attempt, or, in their
own language, an " honest effort" at a statement
of the causes which now justify revolution; and
I respectfully submit that it is utterly unworthy
of their intelligence, fairness, and candor. Per-
haps it is proper to allow that the gentlemen who
have united in this report have only united in its
conclusions, and do not undertake to be respons-
ible for its argument, But the report itself is
the most extraordinary, unfaithful, and inflam-
matory statement of prevailing discontents, that
the witof man, with its many inventions, has con-
ceived, while the cunning and malignant innuen-
does which everywhere garnish it, seem tortured
into their places, in order to heighten the prevail-
ing passion. The eminent source it springs from,
and the confidence it is likely to command, make
it pregnant with mischief.*
This is their argument. The contest preceding
the adoption of the tariff of 1828, the minority
says, was a war between the commercial and man-
ufacturing classes on one side, and the agricul-
tural interest on the other. " In this contest the
commercial and manufacturingclasscs at last ob-
tained a complete victory, and fastened upon the
country the high protective tariff of 1828." In
1832, South Carolina, " in her capacity of a sov-
ereign State," by nullification, " prepared the
way for the overthrow of the high-tariff policy."
" The overthrow of that policy was the immediate
cause of the renewal of the attempt to force the
slavery question into politics;" because" its over-
throw was imputed directly to the people of the
agricultural South in which African slavery ex-
isted;" " and from that time a settled hostility to
the South as a section, and to her citizens as a
people, had full possession of the minds" of men
m the northern and eastern States. Hence " the
introduction of a marked moral principle into pol-
itics coincident with a geographical line," the
element for which was ''found in the slavery
question alone." This was done " by men moved
by the passion of gain; and who, like Shylock,
would be avenged on those who had hindered
them of their profits, and railed on them" for their
avarice. As part of this enterprise, in October,
1833, the New York City Anti-Slavery Society
was established, avowing, as its object, " to take
all lawful, moral, and religious means to effect a
total and immediate abolition of slavery in the
United States." " Thus, under the stimulus of
material aid furnished by those who had been
hindered of their profits under the protective sys-
tem, a great organization'was formed in the north-
ern States with the declared purpose of interfering
with their fellow-citizens in the southern States,
and ovciturning one of the institutions they hud
seen fit to maintain." "Dnect action for the
overthrow of that peculiar and most important
institution of the South, and for the depnvation
of their citizens of their rights under it, was in-
culcated as a moral and religious duty." An
attempt was made to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; then the fugitive slave law was
made u inoperative in many of the northern
States." " Public functionaries pandered to this
sentiment," and " prostituted their offices to pro-
mote the seditious and mischievous designs of
these men." Then the Governor of New Yoik,
now Senator of the United States from that State,
[Mr. Seward,] <$ openly violated the loiter and
spirit of a provision of the Constitution of the
United States," " by refusing to deliver up fugi-
tives from the justice of southern States," ft for
the advancement of party interests." 44 The action
of the Legislature of that State then took the
same direction." Other Governors and Legisla-
tures followed; and <{ a large number of northern
States" were " openly arrayed against the rights
of the States, and of the citizens of the States,"of
the South, and " stimulated the anti-slavery sen-
timent to still greater activity."
All this, it should be borne in miird, occurred
before the treaty of peace with Mexico in 1848.
After this, the minority of the committee proceeds
to say, one of the great parties m the North as-
serted the authority of Congress to legislate for
the Territories upon all subjects whatever, sla-
very included, and exerted itself to exclude slaveiy
from the territory acquired from Mexico. Why
do not these gentlemen ingenuously admit that all
parties in the North, nay, by the hearty cooper-
ation of leading gentlemen of the South, and by
the acquiescence of all parties in the South, were
heartily agreed against planting slavery in the ter-
ritory acquired from Mexico, where it had never
practically existed ? Then the Missouri com-
promise was repealed^and "at once Kansas be-
came a scene of contention from the intrusion into
its limits of bands of armed men, sent there and
supported by emigrant aid societies and other com-
