864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
Mr. HALE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the vote must be taken. It is moved ana
seconded that the order of the day be postponed
to allow this discussion to go on.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 19, noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. BRAGG. There is evidently a quorum
present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays. ["Oh, no."] The only object I have is
to £^et a quorum.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the debate will be
allowed to go on informally. Let the special order
be laid aside informally, by general consent, that
the Senator from Kentucky may proceed.
Mr. POWELL. There is a quorum present,
evidently.
Mr. HALE. Is this question debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
has not been decided.
Mr. HALE. I thought the motion was to post-
pone the special order, and allow the debate to
go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion; but no vote has been had indicating the
presence of a quorum of the Senate. The yeas
and nays were demanded, but have not been or-
dered.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us order them.
Mr. HALE. I vote against this motion, be-
cause I think a period of the session has arrived
when, if we ever intend to do anything, we ought
to do it, and we ought to be about it; and, with
all respect to the Senator from Kentucky and the
Senator from Massachusetts—I listen to them
with as much pleasure as anybody, and I have
had a good deal of that pleasure this session,
[laughter,] not particularly from the Senator from
Massachusetts—I say that I think it is time the
Senate went to the practical business of the coun-
try. The demands of the country are not for any
more speeches, but for practical business, if we
ever mean to do any; and I am glad the yeas and
nays have been called for, so that the country
may know who it is that come here to make and
to hear speeches that can possibly tend to no sort
of good on earth, but may do mischief.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope, if the Senator is so
much opposed to speeches, he will quit, and let
us vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I will say that that is the best
speech 1 ever heard from the Senator from Illi-
nois, because it is the shortest. [Laughter.] I
give up now, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It accomplished its object.
[Laughter.!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is that House bill No. 014, which
is the order of the day at one o'clock, being the
unfinished business of yesterday, be postponed,
in order that the discussion upon the petition
which lias been presented may go on. The Chair
wili put the question again.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr.TRUMJJULL. I desire merely to say, that
if this discussion is to go on by the Senator from
Kentucky, I trust it will not be arrested the moment
lie is through. The time of the Senate has been
taken up almost from its commencement by dis-
cussions from persons who have sought to throw
on this side of the Senate the responsibility for
the present condition of things; and I think it is
time that some reply should be made to these re-
iterated statements. When a party has brought
the country to the verge of dissolution, is making
war upon it, capturing its troops, seizing its forts,
firing into its vcssclsyjdishonoring its flag,and yet
talking about Union and peace, and appealing to
Republicans, who have never been in power, day
after day, to save the Union, I think it xs about
time that we upon our side placed this respons-
ibility where it belongs—upon the corruptions,
the nnbeeilty, the irresolution—if I may not say
the complicity with treason itself—of the party in
power. Now, sir, if the discussion is to go on,
and the time of the Senate is to be taken up, with
only, ci:? 1 think, abou* sixteen legislative days
remaining from now to the 4th of March, with
important bills pending, if every gentleman who
presents a petition is to make a speech, and time
is to be taken up in that way, let us have it on both
sides.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels bound to suggest to the Senator from Illinois
that, by the rules'of the Senate, a motion in re-
gard to the order of business does not open the
subject so that it can be discussed upon its mer-
its. But a very brief discussion is understood to
be in order on a motion in regard to the order of
business, which is the motion now before the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is this a motion to post-
pone the order of the day, so as to continue this
debate, or simply to allow the Senator from Ken-
tucky to finish his remarks?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood it was amotion to postpone the order
of the day, in order to continue the discussion on
the motion to print the petition.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SUMNER (when his name was called)
said: I desire to give the Senator from Kentucky
an opportunity to be Heard; and therefore I vote
" yea."
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 21;
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Cling-
man, Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Fitch, Foster, Green,
Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Polk, Powell,
Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson,
and Wigr'all—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, ColJamer, Dooiittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Grimes, Ilalc, King, Latham, Pearce, Seward, Simmons,
Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
So the motion to postpone all prior orders was
agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not surprised
that Senators manifest such an anxiety to do
what is called the business of the session, and to
proceed to that. I take no exception to it; no
offense at it whatever. It is but little that I have
to say, and it would have been said in less time
than lias been occupied in determining this ques-
tion. I thought the gentleman was not exactly
correct in stating the effect of the resolutions in-
troduced by me; and 1 wish to say a word in ref-
erence to those points which he has selected.
He says we ask guarantees in the Constitution
for the protection of slavery in the Territories.
By those resolutions, in all the territory north of
the line designated, slavery is prohibited; all south
of it, which, in reference to our present territory,
is nothing more than the Territory of New Mex-
ico, the most sterile and worthless of its extent
upon this whole continent, is reserved for the
South; and how, sir? That slavery, as it now
exists there, as a matter of fact, shall be recog-
nized as existing; and that it shall continue until
the population of the Territory warrants its ad-
mission into the Union as a State. The people
are then to decide for themselves, as they please,
whether they will have slavery or not. That is
the proposition, and that only. What principle
does this conflict with ? All California—that vast
and rich territory—has been already converted
into a free State, and New Mexico is all that re-
mains of our conquest from Mexico. From all
the rest, the South—the slaveholding portion of
the community—are excluded. We do not ask
you here to initiate slavery; we do not ask you
to introduce slavery; we ask you simply to admit
the fact that slavery does now exist by law in the
Territory of New Mexico, and simply to agree
that it shall continue so to exist until it becomes
a State; that is all.
This, the gentleman says, would violate prin-
ciple. What principle? Any principle of equity
or justice as between the several States of the
Union ? Is there any constitutional principle to
be violated? It may violate notions and opinions
which gentlemen entertain outside of the Consti-
tution; it may violate anti-slavery notions; but it
does not violate the Constitution; nor, so far as
I have heretofore understood it, does it violate
even the notions of the Republican party. They
go against the extension of slavery. I thought
their doctrine was to let it rest where it existed,
but not to extend it; and now here a question
conies up, whether you will recognize it as it in
point of fact exists, and as you know it to exist,
and allow it to remain until the people, by com-
ing into the Union as a State, have the right to
decide it for themselves. That is the whole sub-
stance of the proposition, when you exclude from
it after-acquired territory. Where i,s the principle
of the Constitution that this violates? Nowhere.
As a mere question of equity between equal part-
ners in the Commonwealth, is it too great a con-
cession? Is it more than an equal, or a ratable,
or an equitable proportion ? Certainly, I think,
it cannot be said to be. It violates nothing but
some dogma that has been sometimes asserted by
extreme members of the Republican party, that
no slavery shall be allowed to exist in any Terri-
tory, and that no future slave State shall be ad-
mitted into the Union. It may violate that dogma;
but, sir, does not this occasion call upon us to
make sacrifices, if they are necessary, for the pres-
ervation of.peace and union in the country ? That
is a question submitted to the people of the United
States; that is a question submitted to us.
Your platform, gentlemen, [addressing the Re-
publican Senators,] is a little thing of but a hands-
breadth, manufactured by a few politicians. You
are governing a great nation. Are you to look
to that platform, or look to the nation which you
have been called, in the course of Providence, to
govern? Is it a fitting measure by which to gov-
ern the nation ? Although every principle an-
nounced in the platform may be dear to your
hearts, would you not sacrifice it rather than see
secession and revolution go on, and this country
be necessarily dismembered? You are pledged
by every principle of the Constitution, by every
principle of morality, by your own platform, to
preserve the Union of this country. You obtained
confidence from the country by that pledge ! De-
votion to the Union was assumed by you as a
peculiar principle and a peculiar duty of your
party. That is forgotten. When you cannot
carry out all your notions and preserve the Union,
is it better to let the Union go, and preserve every
little peculiarity of doctrine, of opinion, which
you may entertain; not of the essence of the Con-
stitution, not belonging to the Constitution; but
which, according to your fancy and notions of
morality, you may desire to see carried into effect ?
Will you carry all these into effect, and let the
Union go down and be destroyed ? That is the
question. These twenty-two thousand patriotic
citizens of Massachusetts have said, let the Union
be preserved; and so,gentlemen, I persuade my-
self that you yourselves will say.
Mr. StJMNER. Every citizen of Massachu-
setts will say, let the Union be preserved.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And, if possible, with-
out the use of arms, or force, or bloodshed.
Mr. CLARK. Or compromise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. "No compromise" is
your word.
Mr. CLARK. " Or compromise," I said.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not understand
the gentleman.
Mr. CLARK. I said " or compromise," fol-
lowing the language of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Compromise is a word
that seems to be rejected. I do not consider that
I am asking a compromise or a concession; but
gentlemen denominate it so who want to assume
themselves to be donors in this matter. They
yield nothing of their constitutional right, accord-
ing to my notion. It is you who call it compro-
mise, and then make war upon the word that you
yourselves use; but I am willing to so call it; I
am willing even so to accept it, if it would be
granted in any form; but you condemn it in that
language; you condemn it by that name. Well,
sir, that is all I desire to say now. I wish to create
no excited or heated debate. We have great ques-
tions probably before us yet. I wish to avoid
everything like personality or invective or heart-
burning here, that we may reserve ourselves calm
and wise to the last, and endeavor to save our
country. I believe it is necessary to save it. I
believe, gentlemen, that you must do something,
or the country cannot be saved. The question
is, whether you will hang now upon little points
and little questions—comparatively little; com-
pared to the preservation of the Union, small and
insignificant indeed—which of them you will let
pass by, if, in your consciences, you think you
are making a sacrifice.
I have said before, that here, on this occasion,
I donotpresentmyself as the advocate of slavery,
but as the advocate of the Union. It is there that
I stand; and my honest efforts are directed to that
end, to preserve my relations to the North, to
preserve my relations as countrymen in this Union
with you and every one of you. I do not hate
