1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CON(xBESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
First, Keep Old Compromises—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
binations," for the purpose, with other means, of
securing a complete union of the northern States
in a war asrainst African slavery as it exists in the
South. " Then a purely sectional party arose," 011
the sentiment singly of hostility to slavery, determ-
ined "to take possession of the Government, and
control its policy on all subjects, in the States and
m the Territories, by the agency of its physical ma-
jority in the non-slaveholdingStates alone." So
that the people of the South " would thereby be de-
prived of their character of citizens, and reduced
to the condition of subjects," their voices stifled
"in the management of national affairs," and,
with relation to their conquerors, sunk to the de-
graded cop'lition "of the oppressed and down-
trodden ryots of unhappy India." Such purposes
as these have their accomplishment now in the late
election of President and Vice President. These
great wrongs have at last culminated, and have
their issue in what the committee calls triumphant
" Garrisonian Republicanism." Even the author-
ity of the President, whose habitual and flagrant
falsehood of the Republican party, unlike all other
rules, has no single exception, is invoked for the
assertion that all existinjfdiscontents spring "from
the long-continued and intemperate interference of
the northern people with the question of slavery
in the southern States."
Such is the argument of the minority of the
committee, winnowed and separated, and, as far
as possible, stated in its own language; namely,
that because South Carolina, by nullification, in
1832, thwarted the tariff, the northern States re-
solved 011 a ferocious, unscrupulous, revengeful,
and persevering war on slavery in all the States
and Territories, with a view to its utter destruc-
tion; organizing, for this purpose, a sectional
party, called "Garrisonian Republicanism," act-
ing on the doable motive of selfishness and hate,
waging for thirty years incessant hostilities against
their neighbors, till now, riotous with victory,
they are prepared to desolate the South. Remaik-
able as the report of the minority is for what it
says, it is quite as remarkable for what it conceals.
These are words of heavy accusation, pregnant
wiih provocation to the slave States, whether true
or false. If true, there is enough stated to justify
revolution. Instead of truthful and candid state-
ment, these seem words of fire, intended to justify
and agsiavate existing discontents, and kindle
southern minds, already glowing, into conflagra-
tion.
Thus, it appears, that the late election of Mr.
Lincoln to the Presidency, and a triumphant Re-
publican party, are remotely deducible from the
opposition of South Carolina to the protective
tariff of 182S. So mysterious an origin gives the
argument the air of mythological invention.
I deny, utterly, this'argument; and what is of
more consequence, the grave impeachment of the
justicc and integiuy of the people of the free States.
The great fact, near by, and which inexorable
history will write, and over which the minority
of tlie'committee was first compelled to stumble
—perhaps in willful blindness—before it could get
back in its dismal antiquarian search for these
causes in the catacombs of politics long dead, is,
that they themselves, with their party coad jutors,
first promoted, and afterwards supported, the
causes of all these mischiefs. The Republican
party was born ot the bieach of public faith in the
lepealof the Missouri compromise. It is them-
selves who were parties to this act, who have
sown thesis dragons' teeth, that are now spring-
ing up aimed men.
Now, it is not true that any considerable por-
tion of any of tb'.' southern States then sympa-
thized, or cooperated, with South Carolina m her
violent and lawless attempt at breaking up the
Government in 1832 and 1833. The final passage
of the force bill at that time—the word w&sforce,
quite as lugged in its meaning as cocrcion now—
almost by the unanimity of northern and south-
ern votes, was a final judgment, after full argu-
ment, of hci attempt at armed secession. The
allusion to South Carolina now is an ingenious
attempt to lenew that argument. That act of au-
dacious crime against the integrity and peace of
the Union has been stigmatized, and handed over
to history. This destroys, at once, all the impu-
tations of avarice, malice, and revenge, long hus-
banded by the people of the free States, relied on
as the corner-stone of the argument. Nor is the
propriety so obvious, of the Representatives es-
pecially, of the States of Missouri, North Caro-
lina, and Louisiana, now finding fault with the .
protective policy, under which their greatstnples
first became established in importance, and the
great benefits of which, at their own instance, they
have enjoyed so long. But this is not necessary
to my argument. Nor is it true that any tariff
policy has been uniform! y supported by theNorth,
and uniformly opposed by the South, as if this
was ever a subject of difference between the sec-
tions. Non^ undeistand this better than the gen-
tlemen of the minority of the committee. Butlet
this p?.3s.
The gravamen of the accusation is, that the
Republican party, which has just made choice of
Mr. Lincoln for the Presidency, is the anti-slavery
party of whose siijgular views Mr. Garrison is
deemed the principal apostle. No attempt is made
to distinguish the opinions of the-Republican party
from his. In order to deny that there is any differ-
ence, they call Republicanism "Garrisonian Re-
publicanism." The very words artfully imply a
falsehood, a falsehood that, already infinitely prop-
agated, has for many years been the most effective
agent, first, of breeding and afterwards maintain-
ing these discontents. When such worthy gen-
tlemen give currency to such things, which they
must know are not true, on their personal credit,
are their constituents to be blamed for believing
and acting on them ?
Now,ilie results of political elections for many
years demonstrate that Mr. Garrison's disciples,
011 the question of slavery, have never formed one
hundredth part of the voters of the free States,
and do not now count half that number; while on
his other principal proposition, that the " Consti-
tution is a covenant with hell," it is not under-
stood that any large accessions have been made
to his ranks, until his late large enlistments, con-
fined almost exclusively to the seceding States,
saving here and there a few vigorous auxiliaries
m Congress. But it would be lacking in parlia-
mentary respect to the intelligence of the minority
of the committee, to suppdfe they do not well
understand (hat on both these subjects, interfering
with slavery in the States, and dissolving the
Union, the Republican party has firmly and per-
sistently opposed alike these northern and sou thern
yoke-fellows of disunion. Ithas not left itself to
be misunderstood; butin its public profession of
faith, the Chicago platform, which these gentlemen
well understand, declared 111 terms " for the main-
tenance inviolate of the rights of the States, and
especially the right of each State to order and
control its domestic institutions according to its
own judgment exclusively." This has been main-
tained by Republicans everywhere, and at all
times. No different expression has ever been
made. The unanimous vote of the House on this
very proposition, on Monday last, is itself sig-
nificant of the opinion of all the people repre-
sented here, that on this ore subject, North and
South do notdiffer at all. With what semblance
of apology, then, ill the face of declarations so
often made,thaiall poweron this subject belongs
exclusively to the States themselves, and that all
external interference by Congress or the States is
unconstitutional and improper, can these gentle-
men, in a grave State paper, say that the Repub-
lican party maintains the very contrary, namely,
that it is their right to interfere with and destroy
slavery in the States, and that they will do it r
Not only has this been said, but it has been
acted oil. Since the formation of the party,
promptly upon that disturbing breach of faith,
j' the repeal of the Missouri compromise, not only
j! has it controlled many of the State governments,
11 but it has had a numerous and forcible minority
!j in both branches of Congress. So farfiom doing
ij any violence to the autlioiity of the States where
!j slavery exists, ithas never whispered such a pur-
's pose. If the puiposes with which ithas been per-
'j severingly calumniated are well founded, why
jj have such opportunities been lost ? Nay, not only
i- has it abstained from all hostile purpose in the
I; States, but it has shown a just and wise forbear-
ji ance from disturbing the subject in the District of
j; Columbia, and at the dock-yards,arsenals, forts,
I, and magazines in the slave States, where Congress
\ has complete and constitutional jurisdiction.
If, then, as the minority of the committee has
been pleased to say, " fifteen of the States now
believe a majority of the people of the other
States have become hostile to them and their in-
stitutions, and that their union with them now is
a union with enemies," for the reason only that
they believe what is not true, that a majority of
the people of the free States are conspired to de-
stroy the institution of slavery in the States, then
the remedy for such a discontent is to tell them the
truth, and to convince them that no one meditates
such an object. It will not do to say, as the mi-
nority has said, " It is useless to inquire whether
the belief is well or ill-founded." Certainly it
was of the greatest use to inquire, and it was the
very purpose of making the committee to determ-
ine whether discontents were real or imaginary,
because, if imaginary, the public sense, at once,
would correct them. Simply to tell the truth was
a radical cure for this first mischief.
The first article of accusation of us is of unpro-
voked and unceasing transgression on the plain
andunquestionable rights ofthe States. Next, the
minority of the committee accuses the free States
of willful infidelity to their constitutional obliga-
tion. The fugitive slave law, they say, isineffect-
ual. If so, whose fault is it, then ? Did not you,
the gentleman from North Carolina, and you, the
gentleman from Missouri, having the power to do
without saying tous,by your leave, make itof
the very fashion you pleased? And the Presidents,
and the judges and marshals, who are the right
arm ofthe Government, to execute the law, have
you not made them all? And if the law or its
ministers are impotent, who but yourselves have
made them so and kept them so? But, you say,
the States have given 110 remedies. The answer
is, that the Supreme Court of yourown choice has
determined judicially that the States are forbidden
from all legislation that attempts to grant reme-
dies. Then, you answer, that the States have per-
sistently passed laws to obstruct itsexecution. The
; overwhelming answer to this "is, what the minor-
1 ity of the committee well understand, that the
j Constitution of the United States, and laws made
: in pursuance thereof, are the supreme law of the
land, anything in the constitution and laws of a
State to the contrary notwithstanding; and that
even if the States did pass laws to obstruct the op-
eration of a constitutional act of Congress, all such
legislation is utterly nugatory. The power to ex-
ecute this provision of the Constitution is only
lodged with the executive head of the Government
—the Pierces and Buchanans, and their deriva-
tives—all of whom have been lifted into authority
by the aid of the minority of the committee. Let
the blame fall there.
How much of kind and neighborly feeling be-
tween the States has the minority of the commit-
tee been compelled to hide, in order to maintain
the malignant argument that the free States, for a
long course of years, have been united in waging
unrelenting war on flic South. Up to the decision
made by the Supreme Court in the case of Prigg
vs. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in 1842,
it was understood that it was competent for the
States, by auxiliary legislation, to provide for en-
forcing a constitutional provision 111 regard to fu-
gitive slaves. Not that they wcie compelled to
do so: but that, as acts of grace, they might do so.
Accordingly, all the border States—New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois—from
a sense of good neighborhood and comity,and at
the instance of the slave States themselves, main-
tained laws for the recovery and rendition of
fugitives, quite as stringent and as frequently in-
voked its the act of Congress. Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, granted this at the request of Kentucky.
; Pennsylvania gracefully conceded it toacommis-
' sion sent from the State ofMaryland; and itisnow
i a singular fact that what is called the personal
; liberty bill of Pennsylvania, of which Maryland
j complains, was then, in its very terms, incorpo-
rated as a part of it with the hearty acquiescence
ofthe commissioners of Maryland. Here was a
generosity from all the free States on the border,
that exceeded constitutional obligation. Why,
when the very temper of the States to each other
is their chosen subject of argument, are such
kindly acts kept from sight by the minority ofthe
committee, in uncandid suppiession of history ?
So important is tins auxiliary legislation of the
