868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
upon all imported goods; and besides all this,
when honest contracts are urged for payment,
when the creditors of the Government are beg-
ging you to p;iy them, they are put off with the
poor and miserable plea, that we have not money
to pay; men who have credited this Government
for eighty years, who have advanced money and
have never received it back, are to be pushed
aside on the poor plea that we are not able to pay
them now, and when you undertake to pay them
the plea is urged, also, that the Government is
presumed always to be ready, and therefore you
will not pay interest—in this contingency and
under this state of things we are asked to appro-
priate $1,200,000 to build seven new steamers!
I ask this question, and I want the country to
respond to it, whether the Senate does or not: is
there such a pressi ng necessity as to require of us
to borrow money for that purpose—for ft is to bor-
row money ? To what purposes are these steam-
ers to be applied? Why is it at this time, when
 ur resources are less than they have been for
many years, when our credit is lower than it has
been for a long number of years, why is it now
deemed necessary to borrow $1,200,000 to build
seven new steamers ? This question would have
been pertinent; it is now pertinent; it will remain
pertinent; but the purpose was disclosed in the
speech of the honorable Senator from New York.
1 do not mean the thin, keen-visaged, eagle-eyed
Senator, but I mean the bellicose Senator, [laugh-,
ter,] whose voice is still for war, whose object is
to involve us in serious, deadly conflict; and he
says he wants them to coerce sovereign States.
Why, sir, when we have been begging for some
Iirivate claims of a few dollars, the cry was, we
lad not the money; and when we answcied it and
said: "all wc want is an acknowledgment of the
debt; we will take your credit for them," a deaf
ear was turned to ns. When an application for
$120,000,000—not thousands, but 1120,000,000—
to build a railroad to the Pacific was made, it was
adopted almost by acclamation. When the re-
sources from the public lands, amounting to
$3,500,000 annually, were proposed to be taken
away by a homestead bill, to give to the vaga-
bonds and scoundrels sent out from your over-
grown cities, that was adopted with avidity. You
vote away all your resources; you vote away
§120,000,000. When we ask you to pay an hon-
est debt, you say you have not got the money,
and you will not therefore acknowledge it. Then
you get up and say, give us $1,200,000 to build
seven new steamers for war purposes, to coerce
those States who deem themselves injured, and,
in the exercise of their sovereign rights, choose
to say they secede from the Union.
Mr. President, it resolves itself into this ques-
tion—not the protection of public property, not
the enforcement of the laws; but, has any State
a light to secede; ;uul if she has the right under
any circumstances ami in any contingency, who
is to be the judge of the circumstances that jus-
tify it? If ihc federal Government is to be the
judge, the right does not exist. That is a denial
of tile right. If the State is to be the judge, that
is ail admission of the right. Who then is to be
the judge; and if a wrong decision is made, on
whom does the responsibility fall, and what con-
scquences lire to follow? Talk to me about en-
forcing the law ! Why, sir, there is no man in
the United States but what says "enforce the
law;" but enforce it where? Enforce if where
you have jurisdiction; enforce it over your Union.
That does not still meet the question; for if a State
has the right to secede and does secede, she is no
longer a part of the Union; and the enforcement
of the law within the Union does not include the
right to enforce it in a seceding State. Protect
public property, you say ? Sosayl. Whateveris
public property, protect; protect it against John
irown and Montgomery and the Abolition hordes
who rush into Missouri and Virginia. That is a
different question. But what is public property'
That property which is appropriated to public
purposes within the. Union; not property outside
of the Union.
You have public property at Spezzia, on the
Mediterranean; but I venture to say, that you will
not send your Aimyand your Navy and your
seven new steamers there, if the Government there
says the circumstances of thatcountry require you
to desist. You have public property in the city of
London, where your minister resides. You will
E
not send your Armyand your Navy thereto pro-
tectit. You own itasa mere proprietor,and you
are subjects to the local law, the law of Great Brit-
ain. You have public property in other parts of
the world, but you cannot protect it with military
power. You can negotiate and insist upon a pro-
tection of your rights; but that is all.
Have you public property in South Carolina?
for I intend to reduce this question to its simple
elements. I answer, you have not one single par-
ticle. The right to secede is a question that I
postpone for after consideration. If, however, the
right to secede is admitted, whatever forts,maga-
zines, arsenals, or other public property had been
purchased,made,constructed, or improved by the
Federal Government, cease to be public property
of the Union; they follow, necessarily, the action
of the local sovereignty. Port Sumter this day is
wrongfully held bythis Government; it is an actof
war against theState of South Carolina. Butyou
say, the Federal Government built it. I answer,
yes; with the consent of the State. When? When
that State was a part of the Federal Union. For
whose benefit? To protect Washington city? No.
To protect New York? No. To protect Boston?
No. To protect Charleston? Yes. Now, a fort
built for the purpose of protecting the city of
Charleston, is, it seems, to have its ponderous
guns turned and their frowning mouths directed
against the very city for whose benefit it was
erected.
Whose money paid for it? you may ask. I
answer, the money of the Federal Treasury. You
then will ask this additional question; if the Fed-
eral Treasury built the fort, and manned the fort,
and armed the fort, although it was intended for
the protection of South Carolina, can South Car-
olina, by an actof accession, reclaim that and take
Federal property? I give you this answer: South
Carolina contributed her due proportion for the
building of all the forts; and she contributed as
much to build Fort Columbus,and every northern
fort, and every other southern fort as she did to
build Fort Sumter; so that, in the adjustment of
the accounts, there is no injustice done to any por-
tion of the Union. She paid to build Fort Mc-
Henry, Fortress Monroe, Fort Columbus, and all
the other forts stretching fiom her northern line
around to the extreme West—even along the great
lakes. She paid her full proportion; and if we paid
our proportion for Fort Sumter, it is no injustice
to divide.
For what object was it erected? Itwaserected
to protect the city of Charleston and the State of
South Carolina. But I will go a step further than
that. I say there never was an instance in the
history of the world, where a State seceded or
revolutionized, when the act was complete, that
any other State claimed the forts within her lim-
its. 1 shall hereafter come to the point whether
the act is yet complete or not; but I do say there
never was an instance—you may search the rec-
ords of the world—where a State revolutionizes
or withdraws from an association of States, that
any other Power claimed a fort situated in her
limits.
Hence, when you talk abou tprotecting the prop-
erty of the United States, eveiybody will say that
is right; but it leaves the question still unanswered,
what is the property of the United States. When
you talk about enforcing the laws within the
jurisdiction of the United States, everybody res-
ponds, yes; but it leaves the question still unan-
swered, what are the limits of tlie United States.
Hence, the whole of it, disguise it as you may,
resolves itself into this one question: has the State
the right to secede, and has the State, in fact, se-
ceded ? I challenge the world to meet that ques-
tion, if you concede the right and the fact. There
are two points in it: the right, and the exercise of
the right. You may concede the right to all
States; for if it exists with one, it exists with all.
They are all on perfect terms of equality; every
State in this Union ncquired since the original
thirteen formed the Confederation, is on exact
terms of equality; and a Union not based upon
terms of equality would not be worth preserving.
Individuals may rise in a community, violate
the laws, and subject themselves to punishment;
but that never meets the real question that we
have to consider. Our Government is one of its
own peculiar kind. This association of States is
such a one as never existed before; and if broken
up by the misconduct of its members, it will never
have its counterpart. Individuals in a single Gov-
ernment can commit treason, can commit rebel-
lion, can violate the laws. Individuals in an
associated Government can do the same things.
But in regard to a State—a member of the asso-
ciation—it brings up a different question for con-
sideration. A county in a State is an integral
part of the State; an individual of a State is an
integral part of a State; but this Federal Govern-
ment is, as expressed by Mr. Calhoun, a multi-
ple of units. Each State being an entirety, an
entity, a thing of itself, having power to breathe
and exist, it goes into this multiple by its own
voluntary action.
In all such cases, every sovereignty can go out
of its own voluntary action, it being an entirety
and a unit, and not a few individuals; and all this
talk about coercing springs from a confounded
notion of thought—I mean an uncomprehended
consideration of the subject, that they are indi-
viduals, and not State sovereignties. They con-
found the idea, and undertake to liken a State in
the Union to a county in a State; but more differ-
ent ideas could not possibly be presented. A
county in a State is a fragment of a State; a State
in the Union is an entirety; it is a unit; it is a
voluntary member of an association. The county
is no voluntary member, because every county in
a State but one may vote for a law, and yet that
one be bound by it. Any county in a State, there-
fore, that revolts; any fragmentof aunited sover-
eignty that flies off; any segment of an entire
circle that is broken, in a political sense, is rebel-
lion; but when you take an association resting
upon volition, resting upon consent, and that con-
sent is withdrawn, and the determination is ex-
pressed to cease to be in tho association, that
State is no longer one of the Confederation. I
know the question may be asked: what will jus-
tify such an act? I will not answer; and why? I
have no right to answer.
The State must taketheresponsibility;theState
itself, is the judge of what will justify it. If any
other power is the judge, the right does not exist;
and to assert that any other power is the judge, is
to deny the right. Each State must judge for
itself. But suppose the State judges wrongfully
and decides improperly, and on mere pretense
says: "We will dissolve the association into
which we have honorably entered;" then the
State has done wrong. Who is to punish the
State? Nobody. Who is to condemn the State?
The enlightened judgment of mankind. That is
all. There is no other tribunal that can possibly
pass judgment upon her. Who passed judgment
upon the Revolution of 1776? The enlightened
judgment of the world. Was that war, waged by
George III, on the advice of his ministers, a right-
ful or a wrongful war? Everybody in the United
States says it was a wrongful war. What was
the object of that war? To reduce the thirteen
colonies to subjection. Why was it a wrongful
war? Did not these colonies belong to Groat
Britain? Yes. Were they not subject to the
control of the British Crown? Yes. iJidtheynot
throw off their allegiance and renounce it, say-
ing that they would hold England, as they did all
the rest of the world, in peace friends, in war en-
emies? Yes. Was not this rebellion ? Yes. If
it was a le bell ion, even a case of rebellion you say
was justifiable, and a war made against rebels was
a wrongful war. Every man, woman, and child
in the United States says even that. Recollect,
the colonies were not component parts of a Gov-
ernment, formed by the voluntary action of in-
dependent communities. They were colonies
planted, conquered, or purchased by Great Britain.
Even in that case, everybody says the war was
a wrongful war, brought on by the improper ac-
tion of the ministers of George III. If that be
true, how much stronger, how much more palpa-
ble, and how much more extraordinary would it
be if herein an association of equals—each one
coming in by its own consent, and each one going
out by its own consent—when one goes out, you
are to undertake to exercise military power and
control, and bring on war by the action of the
Federal Government. Who would be the wrong-
ful actor in this light? It would be the Federal
Government. I do not anticipate any great diffi-
culty, because I know the good sense, 1 know the
sound judgment, and I know the warmth of heart
of the American people will prevent all of this;
and the few politicians who, to make themselves
