1861.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
First, Keep Old Compromises—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
did not stop at sentiment, but bated and loathed
slavery. These are strong but true words. The
men who led the way in our history, who made
the great Declaration, fashioned the Constitution
so as not to admit into it the "idea that there
could be such a thing as property in man,'5 and
ordained our laws; orators who fired the multi-
tude, and chiefs who headed armies, and grave
judges who laid down the maxims of jurispru-
dence, living and dying, all testified to its cruelty
and wrong. The only question was, how to get
rid of it. No one then defended slavery on prin-
ciple. Its existence was universally deplored. It
is on every page of our early history, and crosses
every path where we explore it. " 'The old fogies
of that day," said Mr. Yancey, in a speech at
Montgomery, Alabama, in May, 1858, on the sub-
ject of reopening the African slave trade, " enter-
tained opinions m relation to slavery, which we, of
this day,are unanimously agreed are not sound."
Then, cotton was not king. There is no touch
of royalty in any form of material wealth. Since
the lawgiver of .Lacedeemon said that the m$n who
had all the iron would have all the gold, which
meant simply that the iron hand that labored
would govern what labor produced, wealth, in all
its forms, has been wpak, helpless, and cowardly,
while labor has been the universal king. Slavery
stands or falls by the principle of profit and loss.
It will perish when it ceases to be profitable.
Slave labor was then unprofitable. It then took
one hand a whole day to clean a pound of cotton.
But a Yankee schoolmaster, Eli Whitney, went
down to Georgia, and produced, with cunning
art, the cotton gin, which did the work of a hun-
dred hands, and revolutionized in an instant the
whole industry of the South. But after South
Carolina had shut him up in jail for taking the
bounty her Legislature gave him for his wonder-
ful invention, and then drove him out of the State,
a beggar, cotton for the first time was an Ameri-
can staple. It was when slavery was in its dying
agony, that Eli Whitney's cotton-gin gave itnew
life, by making it profitable. But, for fifty years
afterwards, though strengthened first by raising
cotton profitably, and afterwards by raising sugar
and lice profitably, opinion against it remained
inflexible. The' first voice in its defense as a sys-
tem was Calhoun's, in his famous speech made
in the Senate, m February, 1837. This was just
fifty years from the time of making the Constitu-
tion. Ruttheie he announced the amazing and
monstrous doctrine, that slavery was a blessing,
and that it " formed the most solid and durable
foundation on which to rear free and stable politi-
cal institutions." Henceforth, Calhoun was the
Machiavel of slavery, attempting to lift iuip from
the subject condition where it hud been left under
the Constitution, and make it the master element
in politics.
His motive was revenge on Jackson. He had
attempted to enlist the South in disunion on Hie
tariff. He called the tariff sectional. He invoked
a united South. When nullification was crushed
under Jackson's heavy hand, "Now," said Mr.
Calhoun, in a speech at Abbeville, " the South
can never be united against the'North on the tariff
question. The sugar interests of Louisiana will
keep her out. The basis of southern union must
be shifted from the tariff to the slavery question."
Jackson's prophetic sight alreiidy explored Cal-
houn's next deep purpose of promoting disunion
by slavery agitation, and 'he expressed it in the
following letter:
[Pnvate.J Washington, May 3, 1833.
My dear Sir: * \ * T have had a
labouous task here, but nullification is dead; and it? actors
and courtiers will onl} be leinembcred bv the people to oe
execrated for their wicked design5* to sever and destroy the
only yood Government on the globe, and that prospenty
and happiness we enjov over every poition of the woild.
Hainan's gallows ought to be the fate of ali such ambitious
men, who would involve their country m civil war, and all
tho evils in if tram, that they might reign and ride on it"
whirlwind ana (hieet the storm. The free people of these
United States have spoken, and eoust^ni'd these wicked
doina«o<*uof* to their proper doom. Take care of your nulli-
fies fyou have them among you; let them meet with the
indignant frowns of every man who loves his countrj.
The taulf. it is now known, wa> a mere pietext. The ne&t
pretext will be the negro or slavery question.
My health is not good, but is unpioving a little. Present
me kmdly to your ladv and family, and believe me to be
jour mend. T will alwny, be
Rev. Andrfw j. Crawford.
Mr. Clincman, now Senator from North Car-
olina, in a speech delivered hero December 22,
1848, after the slavery agitation was rife, and
Jackson's prophecy had become history, used the
following language:
After the unpleasant difficulty crowing out of nullifica-
tion had been satisfactorily settled, there was a general
disposiUOn, both at the South and iu the North, to bury all
spetmnal and local ill feelings and differences. Unfortu-
nately, however, for the repose of the country, Mr. Cal-
houn", who had been aprominentactor ori the side of nulli-
fication, found himself uncomfortable in his then position.
The majorities of every one of the southern States were
not only opposed to Inm politically, but viewed him with
suspicion and distrust. Being ambitious of popularity and
influence, he sought to restore himself to the confidence of
the South in the first place, and seized upon the slave ques-
tion as the means to efiect that end. He professed to feel
great dread lest the Noith should take steps in contraven-
tion of onr rights', and to d<*sire only to put the South on
her guard against the imminent danger which was threat-
ening lier. He only wished to produce agitation enough to
unite the South, though everybody well knew that there
was, in relation to this subject, no division there. Whether
he had ulterioi views against the integrity of the Union, it
is not my purpose to inquire: I am only looking at acts, not
inquiring into motives. The former obvious! j looked to the
creation of a political party based on the slavery question."
Then, in order to unite the South against the
North, slavery agitation began. A thousand
million dollars'worth of slaves was a powerful
influence to be courted. Calhouli led the way.
The right of petition had been of immemorial use
among the children of Englishmen, whose tough
ancestors, in the twilight of English freedom, had
wrung it from King John at Runnymede, and es-
tablished it in Magna Charta, so that despotism
should never question it afterwards. Calhoun
attacked and destroyed it. Next, a bandage was
put on the many-tongued press. Postmasters,
at country cross-roads, became its censors, and
judged, without appeal, what the press should
say, and what the people should read, and what
should be carried in the mails. This was the first
lesson, that slavery was not to be talked about or
printed about. If other arguments failed, the re-
sistless proof that slavery is an element of weak-
ness in a State is, that it cannot stand up safely
in the sunlight of free speech and a fiee press;
for the right is always strong, and does not fear
danger.
At first, it was cautious and conciliatory, as it
felt its way. But the Texas plot, which resulted
from the accidental position of Mr. Tyler, Cal-
houn's accomplice in nullification, in the Presi-
dency, whereby Calhoun became Secretary of
State, was a bold and open success in the interest
of slavery. Henceforth it has been defiant. Then
the honest Democracy of Andrew Jackson was at
last fatally involved in Calhoun's plan of revenge,
to destroy the Union by founding, as Mr. Cling-
>ias expressed it, "a political party based on the
slavery question." President Buchanan said, in
the Senate in 1843: "AH Christendom is leagued
against the South upon the question of domestic-
slavery. They have no ether allies to sustain
their constitutional rights, except the Democracy
of the North." Texas wa^nnexed for the sake
of slavery. Calhoun livedTo see his policy half
complete, and Jackson died, giving warning in
the very article of death, in his farewell letter to
his old friend Blair, against Calhoun's insidious
policy, ending inevitably in disunion. Since then
the territorial acquisition of half of Mexico, with
the hidden meaning Of plundering more; the Os-
tend manifesto, which is a plea for public rob-
bery; repeal of the Missouri compromise; free-
booting expeditions against Cuba and Nicaragua,
unrestrained by law, and afterwards justified m a
party platform after Walker established slavery
m Nicaragua by his personal decree; the suspi-
cious protectorate of Mexico; a liquorish lustfor
Cuba, right or wrong; the criminal and bloody
misgoveinment of Kansas, crowned by its elec-
tion" frauds and its Lecompton swindle, and the
' greater infamy of the English bill,—are only so
many steps m the aggrandizement of slavery, all
I done" in the insulted and prostituted name of De-
mocracy. And if disunion,—whose busy minis-
ters have swarmed in all public places and offices,
I nay, in the " very summer heat and favor" of the
: President's countenance, wearing perjured con-
| sciences to their oaths of fidelity to the Union,
: while plotting its ruin,—it" disunion is to be nccora-
! plished now, through the spnit that lias long in-
vested the-Government, then old Jackson s warn-
ing has been vain, and Calhoun's ambition and
hatred and revenge are complete.
No; for the first fifty years after framing the
Constitution, the universal condemnation of
slavery, South as well as North, went unchal-
lenged.* To adopt the happy expression of the
minority of the committee, this " was the common
understanding and sentiment of thq times;" and
by this judgment we mean to stand. It was only
as an agent of family discord, and to rend us and
destroy us, that mischievous men taught that
slavery was divine.
"One party in the North, after the war with
Mexico, asserted the right of Congress to exclude
slavery from the Territories," says the minority
of the committee. This means that it was never
asserted before; and that, when it was asserted, it
was only by one party, and that party in the
North. Has Congress such power?
None understood better the meaning of the Con-
stitution than those who made it. Now, it is
indisputable, that in every instance of forming a
territorial government, from the adoption of the
Constitution until the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, Congress uniformly asserted its
power of controlling this subject—sometimes, as
in the cases of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Mis-
souri, admitting slavery under limitations, but in
most instances, as the Northwest Territory—
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa,
Minnesota, and Oregon—utterly excluding it. It
was the effect of the prohibition contained in the
Missouri compromise, forbidding slavery from a
region larger than the " Old Thirteen." All the
Presidents, till Pierce, admitted its propriety.
ThatPiercedid not, does not weaken itsauthority.
The most memorable example is the act of August
7,1789, giving fuller effect to the ordinance of the
Confederation of July 12,1787, for the government
of the territory northwest of the Ohio. Here
slavery existed by French law, which prevailed
there when England wrested the Canadas from
France.
Now, this act", which was unanimously passed
by thePirstCongress, and approved by Washing-
ton, and was no half and half measure, not only
forbade the introduction of slavery, but entered
the Territory where it existed and expelled it from
the Territories. Henceforth, examples of the ex-
ercise of this power, like milestones, occurin our
history Adams approved the Indiana territorial
act of May 7,1800; Jefferson, of the Orleans Ter-
ritory and Louisiana district, passed March 26,
1804; of Michigan, February 3,1805;and Illinois,
February 3, 1809; Madison, of Missouri,'June
12, J812; Jackson, of Wisconsin, April 20,1836;
and Polk, with whom Jackson Democracy flick-
ered for a short season, like a spent candle in the
socket, and with whom it died out, approved the
organic law of Oregon. Yet all these acts quali-
fied or excluded slavery. All these acts were con-
sented to by all Congresses, and by northern and
southern gentlemen, without dissent. When In-
diana arid Illinois, on several occasions, applied
to Congress to allow slavery permanently or tem-
porarily, Congress refused it, southern gentlemen
being foremost in opposition to the extension of
slavery. Only once was the competency of Con-
gress to exclude slavery brought in question, on
the occasion of the approval of the Missouri com-
promise, when Monroe first submitted the ques-
tion to lus Cabinet, consisting of Crawford, Wirt,
John Gtuincy Adams, and John C. Calhoun, who
all agreed that Congress possessed this power.
On two distinguished occasions the Supreme Court
affirmed this power in Congress. The courts of
all the States acceded to this interpretation.
Thus, for more than sixty years, Congress as-
serted its power of controlling this subject in tiie
Territories, sometimes qualifying the manner of
its introduction, sometimes forbidding it, but in
both cases equally asserting its power, and with
the acquiescence of the executive and judicial
departments. If this was right then, it is right
now. If it did not peril the Union then, it does
, not now. If it was not sectional then, it is not
| now; or, if it is sectional now, it would be well
to know at what time it became sectional. If,
from such facts as these, the equality of tho States
in the Territories is now denied, it began with the
men who signed the Declaration,and afterwards,
by the Constitution, completed their work by
