1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
Ills fearful to contemplate: and yet, as fearful an d
unfortunate as it is, we are drifting along, not de-
signedly, but we are gradually drifting along up
to the fearful catastrophe. How are we to arrest
it? By such speeches as the Senator from New
York has made? No; they stimulate opposition
on the other side. I am practicing forbearance
when 1 tell you such speeches as his are driving
the country to madness, arid doing more harm
than he can ever do good in his life. So with the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] in his
plausible manner of speaking. He, too, led off
in a vein tending precisely in the same direction.
Now, Mr. President, we have a fearful respons-
ibility resting upon ns. This Senate cannot amend
the Constitution. This Senate can make no ad-
justment. This Senate had better let the subject
sleep. All that is said is calculated to stimulate
one. side or the other. We had better make the
ordinary appropriations, and let the people and
the States, through proper conventions, undertake
the work of adjustment. It is no use to say that
no adjustment can be made; it is no use to say
an adjustment can be made. It is a very doubt-
ful question to solve. We, as a Senate and as a
Congress, can do no good; yet the motive that
prompts the resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky is good, and I commend it only for this
reason: it may, perhaps, hold the country still
long enough for that reflection which will" bring
the northern mind right. Without that change
in the northern mind, I would notacceptany con-
stitution to be associated with any such people as
they have proved themselves to be in the past.
If we can quiet the public mind; if we can throw
out suggestions which will induce the North to
pause and say, they will enforce the fugitive slave
law, they will guaranty us the protection of our
rights, they will secure to us all that the Consti-
tution now promises; and if we see there is a dis-
position to do what they say—then, indeed, I
would love this Union. We have grown with
time; we have increased with age; we have pros-
pered under every circumstance; we have over
thirty million people; we have productions innu-
merable; we have commerce, manufactures, civil-
ization, Christianity, and advancement in all that
makes a people good and great. War will re-
verse the action of all this, and throw us back;
war will brutalize; war will barbarize; war will
throw us back more than a century, in the short
space of five years. It demoralizes the people;
it eats up the substance of the people; it brutal-
izes the feelings; and it is the last resort, but
sometimes a fearful necessity.
Now, Mr. President, the object of my few re-
marks is this: as this proposed amendment to the
naval bill comes at such an inopportune time;
comes when we have no money in the Treasury;
and comes from those who are refusing to do jus-
tice to little claimants bccause they have no money;
comes when we do not need it; and comes with an
avowal that it is intended to coerce the weaker
States—I think I am compelled to oppose it on the
general principles which I have announced, f
shall continue to do so; and, whether successful
or not, time will prove whether it will accomplish
the ends that the friends of the measure expect.
No threats, no petitions, no demands but jus-
tice. Let the whole of the southern States act
together as a unit, and act speedily, and negotiate
with the North as equals. Sir, I would not take
a proposition that we had forced upon the North.
The North ought not to take a proposition that
they had forced upon the South. I want to ne-
gotiate as equals—the fifteen southern States the
equals of the eighteen on the other side.
Several Senators. Nineteen.
Mr. GREEN. Nineteen now; but that other
one is going to be on our side; and that is the
reason I let Kansas pass so easily. Mr. Presi-
dent, every body desires an adjustment; everybody
desires peace and harmony; everybody desires a
continuance of the Union; but when we come to
talk about what is the Union, and what are our
rights in it, we commence to differ. Let us goto
work and settle the question, if we can. Doit,
and overy slaveholding State will join at once.
Let them come together in concert, make their
propositions as honorable States to the others. If,
then, we cannot agree, our separation is perma-
nent and peaceable.
This is my whole purpose; and I will state, in
conclusion, my positions;
First. That any State has the right to secede.
Second. If that right is exorcised wrongfully,
the State alone is responsible.
Third. When any State does in fact secede, all
the fixtures in her limits belong to the State.
Fourth. Every effort to save the Union and
preserve the peace of the country, should be made
before any other remedy is resorted to. And
finally, when all efforts fail, lot us part in peace,
and let each section pursue the course and line of
policy deemed best for the good of the people;
and to the God of justice, not of war, I commit
the fate of our beloved country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: " Will the Senate concur in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole?"
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Uinchnm, Cameron,
Chandler, Olaik, CoHatner, Dtxon, D'oolitlle, Douglas, Dur-
kco, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Johnson ot'Tennes-
see, King,Latham,Seward,Simmons, Sumner,Ten Eyck,
Thomson, Trumbull, Wndo, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
NAYS—i\Ies.8is. Bayard, Bright, Chngman, Crittenden,
Fitch, Green, Gwm, Hemphill, Hunter, Lane, Mason,
Pearce, Powell, Rice,Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Wigfall—
17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move an amendment as an
additional scction:
j}nd be xt fwither enacted, That so much of an act, enti-
tled " An act making appropriations for the year ending the
30th June, 1855," approved August5,1854, as requires the
Navy agent at San Franeisco to discharge the duties of
pu^er as well as of Navy agent, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
I will state briefly, that in 1854 the Navy agent
at San Francisco was required to perform the du-
ties of purser at the navy-yard on Marc Island.
Since that time, the navy-yard has increased its
business to a very large extent. It is thirty miles
from San Francisco. It is the only navy-yard in
the United States that has no purser. This is
merely to repeal the clause requiring the Navy
agent at San Francisco to discharge the duties of
purser at the navy-yard, and to have a purser
there, as at all the othernavy-yards of the United
States. I have shown it to the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and to the other
members of the committee, and there is no objec-
tion to it on their part. It is merely to put that
yard in the same position as others.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is it in order now to move
the amendment which was rejected as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, providing for an Assistant
Secretary of the Navy?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. ANTHONY. I renew that amendment,
and ask for the yeas and nays upon it. It was
voted down by a light vote yesterday. I do not
want to discuss if.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlndbe it further enacted, That the President of the United
States shall, by and with the advice and eminent of the
Senate, appoint, fiom the hno of the Navy on the aetivc
list, an A^istant Seeretaiy of the Navy, whose salary shall
be thf* fhore-duty pay of a captain, and who, acting under
the autbouty and diicction of the Scerctary of tiie Navy,
shall be charged with the discipline and efficiency of the
naval service, with the detailing of officeia, and with such
other duties in relation to the administration of its affairs
as the Seercuary of tho Navy may designate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. I should like to ask the Senator
from Rhode Island if the appointment of this offi-
cer by the President will take from him his rank
in the Navy. Can he hold two offices at once?
Mr. ANTHONY. His position will be the
same in that respect as the post captains, who
are now at the head of bureaus.
Mr. RICE. Are they confirmed by the Sen-
ate ? I think it is a question that should be looked
into.
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendment was agreed
to by the Committee on Naval Affairs, unani-
mously. It was proposed yesterday in the Sen-
ate, acting as in Committee of the Whole, and
voted down without a division. 1 thought from
the course of the debate that the sense of the Sen-
ate was in favor of it, and therefore 1 have re-
newed it. I do not wish to discuss it.
Mr. RICE. I simply wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Rhode Island to this one
fact: if an officer of the Navy should be appointed
by the President as Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, does he not lose his rank under his for-
mer commission as an officer of the Navy ?
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to
answer?
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I have never had my attention
called to that point before, but I know what the
practice has been. There was Captain Ingraham,
who was appointed at the head of a bureau.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And there is Commodore
Smith.
Mr. HALE. He is there now; but Captain
Ingraham served at the head of a bureau for some
time, and after that was ordered to the Mediter-
ranean.
Mr. RICE. Was he confirmed by the Senate?
That is the pointto which I wish to call attention.
Mr. THOMSON. Captain Magruder was
afterwards appointed, and his nomination has
never come before the Senate, according to my
recollection.
Mr. RICE. That is the point to which I wished
to direct the attention of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. The nominations of heads of
bureaus, I believe, do not come before the Senate;
and they do not lose their place in the line of the
Navy by being appointed to those positions.
Mr. CAMERON. As I understand it, the law
which authorized the appointment of these heads
of bureaus only authorized the President to take
from the Navy officers of a particular rank, and
place them at the head of those bureaus which
had in charge the business of the Navy. They
are there in the regular exercise of their duty as
naval officers, just in the same way as the Presi-
dent could order them from one navy-yard to an-
other. That is a very different matter from this
proposition, which contemplates the making of a
new officer, to be selected from the Navy. Of
coufse, if he is appointed to this place and con-
firmed by the Senate, as civil officers generally
are, he must leave the line of the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out that portion of it which re-
quires this officer to be confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. RICE. I will say to the Senator from
Iowa that his amendment does not meet the ob-
iection. The proposition is to create an office;
and if the President has power to appoint an
officer of the Navy to fill this office, and does ap-
point one, that officer certainly loses his rank and
commission in the Navy. It might be worded so
as to give the President the power to detail an
officer of the Navy to perform certain duties during
the pleasure of the Executive. I merely make
the suggestion in order that the matter may be
determined understandingly.
Mr. PEARCE. I can see no reason why we
should make this exception to a class of cases
which are all on the same footing. We require
now the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury to
be nominated to and confirmed by the Senate. I
believe the law creating the Assistant Secretary-
ship of State required that in the beginning. It
was not so in regard to the Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury atfirst. He wasoriginafly appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, without the
confirmation of the Senate; but a few years ago—
in 1857, I think it was—we passed an item in one
of the appropriation bills by which we required
that thereafter the Assistant Secretary of theTreas-
ury should be nominated to and confirmed by the
Senate. Those captains who hold positions at the
head of bureaus are nominated to and confirmed
by the Senate. There wasone the other day; not
a fortnight ago, the present chief of the Bureau of
Hydrography and Ordnance was nominated to
and confirmed by the Senate—Captain Magruder.
I see no reason at all for this amendment to ex-
cept this new office from the general operation of
the rule in all such cases.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope it will be renewed.
It is perfectly competent for Congress to invest
the President with the power of appointing any
of these subordinate officers without the consent
of the Senate. The Constitution gives Congress
that power; and if there is any embarrassment in
regard to his rank, about his being confirmed by
the Senate, let that be stricken out, and let him be
detailed for this as for any other service.
