286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
First, Keep Old Compromises—Mr. Pettit.
Ho. of Reps.
not touch a State, acting as a State only can, in
its appointed province; but against all usurpation
of Federal authority, no matter under what name
disguised, the Constitution is emphatic, requires
obedience from all of.us, and the Executive can
make no distinction between the vulgar mail-rob-
ber and other wrong-doers, no matter what their
numbers,that cross its authority. I am not here
discussing secession. That, argument was long
ago ended. As a right granted by the Constitu-
tion, it does not exist. The Articles of Confed-
eration adopted by the old Congress of 1778 con-
cluded with this compact:
The Articles lie-roof shall be inviolably observed by the
States we respectively represent, and the Union shall be
perpetual."
When the Constitution came afterwards to be
formed, it was "m order to form a more perfect
Union" than existed under the Articles of Confed-
eration, Therefore, instead of providing for a dis-
solution of the Union, provision was made for its
amendment, but not for its destruction. But the
asserted right of secession implies that they whose
purpose it was to make a perpetual Union, pro-
vided, by secession, the means of its overthrow,
dependent, <at any moment, on the caprice of any
one of the thirty-four States. Secession is but
another name for dissolution ; and if now acknowl-
edged as a right, the Union of the States is not
worth preserving. The statement of the argu-
ment is its own refutation. Secession, in the lan-
guage of Mr. Madison, is u ultra-constitutional
and revolutionary,"and armed secession is trea-
son.
Following the forms of the Constitution, Mr.
Lincoln has been elected to the Presidency. Now,
it is claimcd by the minority of the committee,
that unless slavery obtains new guarantees, some-
thing that it did not have before, and does not
have now, a dissolution of the Union is the rem-
edy. This'introduces Mexican manners into our
politics, and for the purpose of abandoning the
free spirit and early policy of the Government.
In form, the Federal Government of Mexico is
like our own; but, in fact, the minority, defeated
at the ballot-box, takes arms in its bands and in-
augurates revolution. Thus that unhappy coun-
try has been torn by violent factions and wasted
by civil war. Shall we become Mexicans, or
maintain the good old rule of bowing to the au-
thority of constitutional majorities, looking for
the security of every right to the abundant means
and in the mode provided in the Constitution ?
The minority of the committee proposes, first, to
abandon the compromise of the Union of the
States, and then to reject the next grualost com-
promise, the American principle of acknowledg-
ing the supreme authority of the will of the ma-
jority. Without these, republican government
cannot exist.
New guarantees to slavery! Twenty million
people, proud and happy in their freedom, to
enter into new covenants that slavery shall be
spread and established, and perpetuated and de-
fended, where it never was before, as the inexo-
rable condition on which less than a half million
masters will consent to have fellowship with them!
An institution which scorns the sacred'affections of
family and home! as if it had not alreadyguaran-
teesenough, in a representation here equal to three
million of our people, m our arms and wealth and
strength, to take back their flying fugitives, and
our irrevocable obligation to take sides in every
insurrectionary quarrel with the master against
the slave. New guarantees to slavery ! Not now,
when Turk and Russian are ashamed of slavery.
But when Star Chamber and Inquisition are re-
established, and the Bastile is populous again
with prey, and another long, dark night of des-
potism creeps upon the earth, then will be the fit
time for new guarantees to this inexcusable wrong.
How is it, when secession is made debatable
ground, and so many southern States assert it as
a constitutional right, that the minority of the !
committee fail, by a proposed amendment, to pro- '
vide against this real danger, when it is watchful
to secure the authority of Congress against in-
terfering with slavery in the States, about which
there is no difference of opinion? But ought any
amendments to the Constitution to be made ? The
experience of seventy years shows that it was
made by men who never made mistakes. It is i
now proposed to amend it by those who begin
by confessing that they have just escaped a laby-
rinth of blunders. What confidencc will such a
recommendation inspire? Shall it be done as a
compromise? It is proposed by those who have
flagitiously trampled compromises under foot as
a means of meeting the present exigency. No
constitutional amendment can be proposed, and
meettheconstitutional ratification of three fourths
of the States, in less than one or two years. This
will be too slow a remedy for the fast disease of
revolution. And will not this at once involve all
the States in a bitter political conflict, directed
upon the disturbing question of slavery ? Is it
ccrtain that a proposed amendment can be suc-
cessful? Andfailing, will it not add to our embar-
rassments? And even if U should be successful
now, would it not set the pernicious example of
occasioning new distractions, in order to make
room for other amendments, and thus rob the Con-
stitution of its principal merit—stability ? Under
the Constitution, Congress may propose amend-
ments when it shall deem them necessary. In my
judgment, if my argument is worth anything,
such a necessity does not exist. But, in addition
to this, Congress, on the application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the States, may call a con-
vention forproposing amendments. While, then,
I should cheerfully vote for such a convention
from a sense of respect and duty on such appli-
cation of the Legislatures, I feel denied fiom con-
senting to propose amendments, unless upon my
individual conviction that such amendments are
necessary.
The particular proposition to deny Congress
authority, in the States, on this angry subject of
slavery, seems least important-, because no one
denies that such is now the constitutional rule:
while the limitation of Federal authority on the
subject, in places within the exclusive jurisdiction
of Congress, seems hardly more necessary; be-
cause, as no offensive use of it has been made dur-
ing the long strife in which this topic has been
involved, it is hardly likely that it will be at-
tempted at any other time. But all the proposi-
tions of the minority of the committee arc un-
acceptable. The transit right thiough the free
States compels a surrender of State rights, while
it multiplies occasions for complaint and dispute.
The right of the Federal Government to bring suit
against the counties for fugitives whose return has
been obstructed involves, besides its inherent in-
justice, a constant conflict of authority between
the State and Federal Governments; while its
principal proposition of recognizing constitution-
ally the existence of slavery throughout Now
Mexico, without any authority of Congress to
interfere with it, and with no authority over the
subject m the Territories, except to protect it as
property, is itself a constitutional creation of sla-
very, utterly opposed to the theory of the Con-
stitution, an outrage upon the people of New
Mexico, now assured by treaty against the exer-
cise of such an act of arbitrary authority, and at
war with the just and humane sentiments of our
whole people. At least, if it be necessary, by
new accommodations, to end an apparent war of
the present States on the subject of slavery, it
ought least of all to be at the expense of the
simple, distant, and strange people of New Mex-
ico, torn by us from the federation of Mexico
against its will, and reduced from its condition of
sovereignty to the narrow privileges of a temto-
rial government.
The majority of the committee has proposed
measures which, too, by some, are called com-
promises. I do not heio propose to accept or re-
ject them, together or in detail, but only to reject
them all in the character of compromise. I prefer
looking at them as independent propositions, to
be judged by their own intrinsic ment, and sepa-
rate from sui roundingcircumstances. The amend-
ment of the fugitive slave law 1 accept heartily,
not as the best law on the subject, or such a law
as should be made, but as a beneficial amendment
of the former law, and all that now can be ob-
tained; giving, at least, the security of a trial to
the fugitive whose liberty is impeached, though
m a foreign jurisdiction, and robbing the criminal
race of kidnappers of the facilities long enjoyed,
by which their oceiipation has thrived.
The bill allowing the people of New Mexico i
to hold a convention and adopt a constitution
preparatory to admission into the Union as a
State, has my reluctant concurrence. Under the
Constitution, the admission of a new State seems
to depend on the questions of numbers and fitness
and ability to maintain independent representative
government. New Mexico, almost, by its pres-
ent boundaries, was, before our acquisition of it,
a State in the federal system of Mexico. This
we have admitted in the act of 1850, fixing the
boundary of the State of Texas. Most of its
present population was there at the time of its
conquest. Its people is homogeneous in race,
language, religion, and manners. It has now,
practically, the population (ninety-three thou-
sand) which, if admitted, would entitle it to a
member of Congress. The bill does not propose
to compel it to comc in, but only to allow the peo-
ple to decide Jhc question on its own sense of
ability to maintain the expenses of separate gov-
ernment, and the question of admission will then
be determined by the next Congress. This only
leaves room for inquiry as to the fitness of the
people for the task of representative government;
and even hero, whatever may be our individual
opinions, and that education both in the maxims
and habit of government is first indispensable,
yet we are concluded in the inquiry by the stipu-
lations of the treaty ofGuadalupe-Hidalgo,which
compels us to regard them, in respect to all rights
of social, religious, and political liberty, as if
they were so many citizens of Massachusetts,
Ohio, or Missouri. The ninth article of the treaty
is as follows:
"Mexicans, who in the Territories aforesaid shall not
prcscive tiie character of citizens of the American Repub-
lic, conformably with what is stipulated in the preceding
uiticle, shall be incoipoiated into the Union of the United
States, and be admitted .it tne proper time, to be judged of
by the Congiess of the United States, to the enjoyment of
all the lights ot citizens of the United States, according to
the principles of the Constitution ; and, in the mean time,
shall be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of
their hbeity and propeity, and secured in the frec'excrcise
of their religion without icbtriction."
In the spirit of this stipulation, I have voted,
during the present Week, against a territorial bill
which dismembered New Mexico, and removed
thousands of its people into another jurisdiction,
because I deemed it in conflict with the sacred
engagement of this treaty. In the same spirit, if
there were no other reason, I now refuse utterly
to consent, by my agency> to plant slavery there
as an act of arbitrary power, and against its will.
In the same spirit I yield again, but not without
distrust, to place its people in full enjoyment of
all the rights and privileges which would be will-
ingly accorded if they were a people of any other
Territory, of our own stock and kindred.
Nor do I conceal the gratifying assurance that
this result will contribute more than anything
else to put at rest the long controversy in regard to
slavery in the Territories. Besides, I feel, and
do not wish our southern friends to be m doubt
as to what we do feel will be the certain result,
from the character, habits, and manners of the
people, its peculiar industry, which limits all
cultivation into the narrow, irrigated valleys of the
Pe^os and Rio Grande, and leaven what little else
is fit for anything only suitable for herdsmen of
cattle and sheep, denying altogether safe and
profitable employment of slave labor, the isolation
of the Territory, and other physical obstacles to
the establishmentand permanency of slavery, that
it will never become fixed there as an institution
of that people. Two Democratic Administrations
have lent to the cause of slavery m New Mexico
the aid and encouragement of all official appliances,
with the meager result of less than a dozen slave
inhabitants, among a hundred thousand people,
scattered over its whole large territory. New
Mexico is worth nothing to the cause of slavery,
except as giving it security, when other regions
of Mexico south of it shall be acquired, and
slavery fixed there.
If I am correct in believing that the evils that
threaten us now have grown from distempered
judgments in North and South of their respective
feelings to each other, and from ignorancc of
much good will and hearty and fraternal feeling
they really have for each other, what is wanting
now is to bring them face to face, and to know
each othtfr as they are. If this is so, then no mend-
ing or patching of the Constitution is necessary.
