870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. HALE. That would notmeet the objection
stated by the Senator from Minnesota. I do not
apprehend that the fact of the officer being con-
firmed by the Senate, or not, would affect it in the
slightest degree; because, as the Senator from
Rhode Island well says, Congress may, by law,
invest the President with the power of appointing
officers without sending their names here for con-
firmation. The suggestion that is made by the
Senator from Maryland, I think a sufficient an-
swer to this question; and that is, that the heads
of the bureaus in the Navy Department are nom-
inated by the President, and confirmed by the
Seriate; and they do not thereby lose their place
in the line of the Navy. I apprehended that that
was the case; but I did not remember it. Since
the matter has been called up, however, my im-
pression is that Captain -Ingraham's namo was
sent in to the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly it was.
Mr. HALE. He was nominated by the Pres-
ident, confirmed by the Senate, and served in the
Bureau of Ordnance, as an officer nominated by
the President, and confirmed by the Senate, for
several years, and when they had done with him
there, he was transferred from that bureau, and
sent to the Mediterranean; and he has lately come
home from there, and resigned.
Mr. THOMSON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will read a section from the act to reorganize
the Navy Department of the United States, ap-
proved August 31, 1842:
4< Sec. 3. Jlnd beit further enacted,That the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall appoint, fiom the captains in the naval
service, a chief for each of the Bureau* of Navy-yards and
Docks, and of Ordnance and Hydrography, who shal! each
receive a salary ot $3,50U per annum, m lieu of all other
compensation whatever in the naval setvice ; and shall, in
iiko manner,appoint a elnefof thellmeau ofCoiibtruction,
Equipment, and Ilcpair-*, who shall l <* askitlful naval con-
structor, and shall also appoint a chief of the Jiuroau of
Provisions and Clothing, who shall each lerrive for lu<
services $3,000 per annum; and shall m like manner ap-
point, fmm theMiigeons ot the Navv,acliiet ofihe Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, who shall reccivc forhirf service.-*
$0,f>00 pei annum."
It occurs to me that all this difficulty would be
cured by a small amendment declaring1 that the
President of the United States should have the
power of taking, from the list of captains in the
Navy, a person to act as Assistant Secretary of
the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want it confincd to
captains.
Mr. THOMSON. Say, "an officer in the
Navy." Will my friend accept such an amend-
ment?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I think I can meet the views of
gentlemen bypioposing this, as a substitute for
the amendment:
Thai the President of the United Statesman appoint an
officer in the naval service as A^Mant rieeretaiy oi the
Navy, m like manner an the liead-= of bureaus in the naval
service, who ^hall iceeiveau annual iala y equal to the
highest M'a-p.i> of hi.s rank.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended; and on
this question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays as follows:
YEAS—Mcs h. Anthony, Bright,Clark,Oollamer, Ciit-
tenden, Dixon, Doolittlc, Foot, Crimea, Hale, l.uiliam,
Powell. SnnmoiH, Sumner, Ten Ityek, Tiioni>on, T: inn-
bull, and Wilson—-18.
NAYS—Mes->r<. Biglcr, Bingham, Bins™, Cameron,
Clmgmaa, Dou«la«, Fe-^enden, Fitch, Fo-ter, Green,
(Jwin, Harlan. Hemphill, Ilunter. Johnson ot Arli.insa-,
Lane, Mason, Pearee, Polk, lhce, SauKbuiy, Scbantian,
Seward, Wade, and Wigl.\lI—2o.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish now to offer an amend-
ment in lieu of the one that was offeied by the
Naval Committee yesterday, in relation to pay-
masters. The proposition now offered is similar
to that in regard to surgeons, and authorizes the
President to retire paymasters whenever they may
become unfit for duty on the waiting-orders pay
of their grade, prior to the passage of the last Navy
pay bill, substituting new paymasters in place of
those who may be thus retired.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That lite President of the Uni-
ted States ih hereby authorized to place on a retired list any
pa% master in the Navy who is now, or may hereafter be,
proved to he permanently incapable, from physical or men-
tal liifnimty, of further bcrvicc at sea; and that the pay of
the officers so retired shall be the waiting-orders pay of their
respective grades, as it existed prior to the passage of the
act of Congress to regulate the pay of the Navy, approved
June 1, 1860.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all vacancies in the corps
of paymaster.? caused by the foregoing section shah be filled
in accordance with established usage: Profiled. The num-
ber of pavmasters on the active list shall not exceed the
number authorized by existing laws.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand it, this is not
to increase the number of paymasters; it only
allows the substitution of others on the active list
for those who may be permanently disabled.
Mr. GRIMES. That is it.
Mr. HALE. I am sorry to be obliged to differ
with my friend from Iowa, who is a member of
the Naval Committee, on this proposition; but I
am opposed to it entirely and totally on principle,
and i think the Senate will be, too. This doctrine
of retiring officers, and paying them salaries when
they are unfit for service, has been confined hith-
erto to officers in the Aimy and Navy, upon the
ground that their special service and education
were such as to disqualify them from rendeiing
any other service in the community than that to
which they had been educated; and that when
they have grown old, and become sick or infirm
in the national service in that particular branch to
which they have devoted themselves, it is but just
that the Government should support them in their
sickness and old age. I do not agree to that prin-
ciple. I think itis vicious and wrong; but we have
inherited it from Great Britain, and I am not going
to run my head against it. I am content to have
it as one of the evils which we cannot get rid of
at present, though I think it is a vicious system.
These pursers, however, come under no such cat-
egory. They are mere political appointments.
They are men who are picked up by the Admin-
istiation as a reward for political favors, with no
particular education at all to qualify them for the
place; appointed, generally speaking, for the po-
litical service which they have rendered to the
party. When theyare unfit forservicc,they ought
to be dropped. I suppose there are some men who
would be retired under this section, if it were
adopted, who have not been in the Navy live
years. They were not fit to go there when they
were put there; and if you pass this amendment,
the effect of it will be to pension for life men who
are not fit to be pursers now, never weie fit, and
never ought to have been there. I am opposed
to it from beginning to end.
Mr. RICE. I agree with what the Senator from
New Hampshire has said. If you pension these
pursers, or paymasters, as theyare now called—
men picked up out of civil life, whose appoint-
ments are mere political appointments—you may
go on and pension Indian agents, militaiy stoie-
keepers, paymasters, and everybody else who
holds an office under the Government. I hope
the amendment will be rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to have any
controversy with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, or the Senator from Minnesota, or anybody
else, about this matter; for I have no particular
interest in it. The Senate yesterday decided that
persons should be taken from civil life, and should
not l)e military men. A proposition was then
before the Senate to take men from the line of the
service; and I think the Senator from Minnesota
voted against it. That imposes on the President,
or whoever may have the appointing power, the
necessity of taking civilians, and he may take
politicians for aught I know. I want to close the
door against his taking politicians; but you force
him to do it; at least, you force lam to take men
from civil life and put them in these places. You
must have somebody to perform the duties of
pursers. You now have fifteen men in the Navy,
acting as pursers, in direct violation of the law of
the United States. You have eight men m your
service who are utterly incompetent. This prop-
osition is simply to retire those men. As I said
before, I do not care whether you do it or not. It
is to retire those men, so as to get eight efficient
men injieu of them. If it establishes a wrong
principle, vote it down; I have no particular in-
terest in it.
Mr. RICE. 1 will only say to my friend from
iowa that his State alone, or my State alone, will
furnish pursers, by the month, at one half what
the present piukcis are getting to discharge the
duties, and nin the risk of being dismissed at the
end of everv calendar month.
Mr. GRIMES. That may all be; but ho ware
we going to get rid of these persons? They are
here; we are paying them. If the President should
exercise the power to drop them, there would be
such a clamor raised by the Senator from New
Hampshire, who now opposes this proposition—
he would speak so eloquently of the enormity of
such a thing—that the very roof of the Capitol
would be raised. We have seen examples of that
before.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If 1 understand the amend-
ment, it strikes me as a very extraordinary pro-
vision. I should like to know what reason there
is for this proposition as applied to these men,
that would not apply to every old clerk, to every
old politician, to our ex-Presidents, to the post-
masters all over the country, and to everybody
else that has overfilled an office. Why is it that
we should not maintain for life every man who
has been in office, if the principle,, of this amend-
ment be right? The Senator from Minnesota
says—what is true, no doubt, of every State in the
Union as well as of his own—that we can get any
number of competent officers for this kind of ser-
vice who will be glad to take the place for periods
of one or six months, and expect nothing* but to
be turned out at the end of that time, ft is my
experience, and I suppose that of most of the
Senators hero, that when you succeed in getting
an office here for one of your constituents—this
remark only applies to a portion of them—he holds
on to his clerkship for a year or two, and then
he comes to the conclusion that he might make
more by getting this particular office of purser in
the Navy, and he worries you for six or twelve
months until you get it for him; and now, when
these men are to be turned out, you have to pay
them for life. That is the amount of it.
Mr. HALE. I have never had any experience
in getting any in. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman has been
on the wrong side. I do not believe I have got
any in; but I have tried often, and been very much
annoyed about it. Since I have been in Congress,
I think I have never known a single civil office
abolished. We create them, from time to time,
and increase the salaries; but no one is reduced,
or ever will be reduced, perhaps. If it comes
to that pass that men are to have offices from
time to time, and the salaries increased, and then,
when they happen to be turned out of a mere
civil post that anybody can fill—or at least, a
million of men in the United States think them-
selves capable of filling this—I do not know what
pass we shall come to.
Mr. GRIMES. I will answer the question of
the honorable Senator from North Carolina. He
wants to know what difference there is between
the case of these pursers and Congressmen; and
if we are going to retire these gentlemen on leave-
of-absence pay, why wc should not retire Con-
gressmen? The difference is this: most of the
Congressmen are partially insane when they come
here. [Laughter.] The men whom we propose
to retire are wholly insane, and have become in-
sane while they have been serving the country on
foreign stations. Several of them are insane, as
I understand.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then why notsend them
to the lunatic asylums of the country, and treat
them as other lunatics? [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. You may send them to lune-
tic asylums; but after a man has been serving his
country upon foreign stations, exposing his life
and his health for the sake of the country, it seems
rather hard that you should merely put him into
an insane asylum, and let his family take care of
itself. But 1 call for a vote. I am not particular
about this thing.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw a motion to reconsider the In-
dian appropriation bill, which I made yesterday,
so as to let it go to the House of Representatives
to be acted unon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
entertain the motion by common consent.
Mr. GREEN. 1 ask consent to withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
