APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
36th Cokgk ... 2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Babbitt.
Ho. of Ehps.
sally considered an evil and a wrong, to be got
rid of as soon as practicable, and to be no further
extended. Our Declaration of Independence, the
ordinance of 1787, and the whole history of the
times, prove-tlus. It is the contrary idea—the
dogma that slavery is right, and a blessing to both
master and slave—that is of recent date, and ob-
tains credence nowhere outside of the slave States,
where cupidity alone sustains it.
The supposed hatred of slaveholders by north-
ern people isan entire misapprehension. Though
we ao not like the institution of slavery, we can
readily understand the difficulties in the way of
its speedy abolition; and wc entertain no senti-
ments akin to ill will towards the man whose lot
may be cast in the midst of it, and who, there-
fore, adopts it. Let the owner of a hundred slaves
but come amongus; lethim come into the district
I represent, the most intensely Republican one of
the State of Pennsylvania; let him come to my
home, and see if it is not so. If he, conducting
himself with civility, is anywhere received in any
other manner than that of nnuked cordiality and
warm-hearted hospitality, 1 will agree to forfeit
my head. He may, if he choose, call meetings,
and advocate before them the blessings of slavery,
and show up the evils of the free-labor system.
He may contend,as I have heard learned and elo-
quent southern men do, that the northern free
laborer is more oppressed by the capitalist than
the southern slave by his master; that his condi-
tion is far harder; that the free-labor system has
proved a failure, and is inconsistent with a re-
publican form of government-, that the true nor-
ma! and happiest condition of mankind, in which
man can attain to the highest type of civilization,
is that of master and slave. If he has ability, I
will guaranty to him an intelligent audience, and
a respectful, attentive hearing everywhere. Our
freemen have no fears in regard to the promulga-
tion of error whiie reason is left free to combat it.
I wish I could as truthfully say as much m regard
to the favorable reception and hearing that a north-
ern citizen would be likely to receive in a south-
ern State, 1 speak not of addresses to slaves, or
in their hearing, bur to white men, on the subject
of the national policy of the Republican party.
Scraps, wrenched from the context of philo-
sophical suggestionsofdistinguiahed Republicans
—as" the irrepressible conflict,"" the Union can-
not exist half slave and half free"—are produced
as indubitable evidence of the party's intent to
overthrow, by violence, the institution of slavery
in the slave States, at whatever cost of treasute
and blood; and volumes of impassioned and fren-
zied declamation have been poured forth, exhib-
iting, in startling colors, the damning atrocity of
the intent, and the direful calamities which would
attend the attempt at its consummation. And all
this, notwithstanding the thousand-times repeated
authoritative denial in the platform of the party,
by all its speakers and writers, of any intent to
interfere with slavery in the slave States, and of
all constitutional power to do so.
But what do those scraps amount to, as mat-
ters of evidence of intent, supposing them to be
indorsed by the entire party? They exhibit no
evidence of any intent whatever, butmerely nf an
opinion that certain effects will follow the exist-
ence, real or supposed, of certain causes. Thus,
an irrepressible conflict may exist between two
great manufacturing establishments, or two great
fines of railroad; but an opinion expressed that
the one will extinguish the other, would be no
evidence of an intent to destroy either of them.
AH nature is full of ii reprcssible conflicts. A con-
flict has existed between the centrifugal and cen-
tripetal forccs which hold this earth in its orbit,
and impel its swift course in a great circle round
the sun, since the morning of the first day—the
day whenGod said, " Let there be light, and there
was light." Certain philosophers have held that
the centrifugal force is the stronger, and the earth,
in consequence, is gradually receding from the
sun; others have held the centripetal to be the
stronger, and therefore that the earth is gradually
approaching the sun; and that, consequently, in
time, the elements will melt with fervent hout,
and the earth be drawn down, in a melted mass,
upon the sun's surface. But I believe it was never
seriously alleged that either sect of those philos-
ophers were rightfully chargeable with a mur-
derous design of freezing to death the whole race
of mankind on the one hand, or of roasting them
to death on the other.
There is, and ever must be, an irrepressible
conflict between freedom and slavery; for it is the
result of the laws of nature by and through which
God governs the universe, [t is the result of an
indelible conviction of a right to be free, which
God has written on the soul of every human crea-
ture. Neither Seward, nor Lincoln, nor the Re-
publican party, had anything more to do with
making or maintaining it, than they had to do
with the making and maintaining of those forces
which hold this earth and all the heavenly bodies
in their respective orbits. Whether, in the conflict
between slavery and freedom, the one will ever ex-
tinguish the othe -, is probably a matter of conjec-
ture onl y, and depends upon the question of how far
ari advancing civilization and enlightened Chiist-
lanity may hereafter influence the hearts of the
dommantracein those regions where slavery now
exists. However this may be, Republicans are
willing, so far as political action is concerned, to
leave the question of slavery's continuance or ex-
tinction in the slave States where the Constitution
leaves it—with those States themselves. But if a
severance of the Union—which those States are
so fond of threatening—should be consummated,
then I tell them, and forewarn them, that no
power on earth could prevent the extinction of
slavery in all those States in a very short period.
We render back your fugitives now, though in
violation of the sympathies of the northern heart,
because it is so provided in the Constitution
which our fathers and your fathers made; and we
will not violate that compact. Rut if, by your
act, you destroy it, as you threaten, by a sever-
ance of the Union, then the last fugitive has been
rendered back, and no slave worth owning can
be kept a year within two hundred miles of the
dividing line. No treaty for rendition could ever
be made, come what might. No northern states-
man, under any circumstances, would dare to
propose such a thing. Nothing but our reverence
for the unbroken Constitution and Union can
secure the rendition of your slaves.
Rut it is declared that slaves arc property, and
that Republicans, in seeking to exclude slavery
from the Territories, are treating their southern
brethren as not possessing an equal right with
themselves to take their property of all kinds there;
that this is treating them as not being our equals
in right, and thus degrading them; and it is vehe-
mently declared that they will all suffer death
before degradation. Now, all this wordy heroism
is expended* on a purely imaginary inequality.
Admitting, for the sake of argument, slaves to be
property—which they are not, except in a local
and limited manner inside of the State whose laws
make them so—it is sufficient answer, that, in ex-
cluding southern men from taking slaves into the
Territories, wc would also exclude ourselves from
doing it; thus placing both parties on a perfect
equality of rights. Is it replied that northm n men
have no slaves to take there? Very well; justsueh
is the case with an overwhelming majority of all
the inhabitants of the southern States. The census
shows that not one in thirty of them owns a slave
at all. And thus a vast majority of all who would
be likely to want to emigrate to the Territories,
would, in order to take a slave along, have to buy |
him in the slave market. But northern men have '
an equal right, if there be any right about it, to
purchase slaves and take them to the Territories
and make profit from their labor. But in exclud-
ing slavery, they would exclude themselves from
doiag this, and thus place all on a perfect equality.
It is said' there exists a constitutional guarantee
or right to take slaves into the Territories, and
that, in seeking to exclude them, we seek to vio-
late the Constitution. If such guarantee exists,
it must be m the text of that governmental com-
pact. But though thousands, of late, have anx-
iously sought for it there, no one has been able
to place his linger on it. It is very certain that
the men who formed that Constitution thought
there was no such guarantee in it. For they, with
an oath tosuppoit it still fresh upon their lips,
roenacted the celebrated ordinance of 1787, by
which they excluded slavery from every foot of
territory which the Union then owned, or ex-
pected ever to own; for the doctrine of the " man-
ifest destiny" of annexing all creation for—it
would seem by recent secessions—-the mere pur-
pose of severing it again, had not then been inau-
gurated.
Thus I have shown that there is nothing in the
allegation, that by excluding slavery from the
Territories we would establish an inequality of
rights between the North and the South. But on
the other hand I say, that the southern design to
Africanize the Territories by forcing slavery into
them, is as effectually to exclude the free laborers
of the North from them as would be a provision
in the Constitution that they should never go
there; because slave labor is found to degrade the
free laborer in his social position, wherever the
two exist together and slave laborers are any-
wise numerous; and because freemen cannot en-
joy life and expand in mind and improve their
knowledge of men and things without an enlarged
and liberal freedom of speech and of the press.
They have been trained up in the use of the largest
freedom in this respect, and it has become as ne-
cessary to them as their daily bread. But all
slaveholders, with united voice, insist that this
j cannot be allowed in a slave State; that no such
discussions of the natural and social right of man,
as freemen are in the constant habit of entertain-
ing—and think them harmless,and consider them
beneficial—can there be allowed at all. They are
considered incendiary, and must be suppressed
by heavy penalties of law, or by the stronger and
more vindictive arm of the mob.
Now, the northern free laborer cannot, at all
times, keep a lock upon his mind, a bridle in his
mouth, and fetters on his pen. He must think and
speak and write what he thinks with freedom, and
therefore cannot live in a slave State with the ter-
rors of lynch law constantly in his view. And,
therefore, to admit slavery into the Territories is
to exclude the white free laborer from them. And
why should our southern brethren desire to do
this? With about one third oftho population, they
have about two thirds of the area of the organized
States of this Union. And when we take into con-
sideration the superior fertility of its soil, and
mildness of its climate, it is, I doubt not, capable
of sustaining a population at least fourfold more
numerous than that which the present area of the
free States can support. Indeed, I have heard a
distinguished member of Congress from the South
aver, that the area of the organized slave States
was capable, in addition to its present population,
of sustaining the entire population of Europe; and
1 believe it is so. Arid only the oth.-r day, the
able and eloquent chairman of the committee of
thirty-three, demonstrated on the floor of the
House, from which apparent demonstration there
was no dissenting voice, that properly to cultivate
the State of Texas up to Us full capacity for pro-
duction would require seventy-five million slaves.
Here, then, is room enough for slave labor. But
free labor has not room enough; it needs more
scope and breadth. "Why then, oh, why, will our
southern brethren try to shutus in on every side?
Why, when they now have so much more land
than they can possibly cultivate for two centuries
i to come, will they not allow to the free laborer a
| small sunny spot south of 36° 30', where, if the
| fancy takes him, he may literally sit beneath his
: own vine and fig tree, where the fig tree can grow ?
j Why wish to press him northward, beyond the
i line of annual six months* snows and ice? The
allegation that a white man cannot labor in the
South is a flimsy, false pretense, invented by lazy
white men as an excuse for whipping labor out of
the naturally still more indolent negro. White
men labor and thrive in southern Italy, Greece,
and Spain—where flourish the fig and the orange—
where the flowers ever bloom; where, though in
not as low a southern latitude, the climate and pro-
ductions are far more southern than those of our
! most southern Territory The^hardy American
] descendant of the Anglo-Saxon can live and labor
j wheicvermoi tal man, of any race, can do so. And
j thousands of them have lived and labored in every
southern State of the Union. And it is the blight
of slavery, and not of the climate, that drives
them thence. Tr is true, that if they were to at-
tempt to labor in the rice swamps of South Caro-
lina, a considerable percentage of them might die
before becoming acclimated; but not greater than
it would be of the black race, transported thither
