872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
this Government not to wish to see it placed be-
fore the world in the aspect of a mendicant.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the bill be read.
Mr. GARNETT. I will allow it to be read,
with the understanding that my objection shall
be considered as pending.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to acccpt
guarantee fiom any State of stock of the United States to
the amount of public money deposited with such State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United State* of Jltnericain Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby aaihorized to ac-
cept from any State a guarantee of any stock ot the United
States which may be hereafter issued to the amount of the
public moneys deposited with such State for safe-keeping
under the piovisions of the thirteenth section of the act
entitled "An act to regulate the deposits of the public
money," approved 23d June, 3836: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to affect the ptoviso of
the act entitled " An act to postpone tlie (oinlh installment
of deposit with the States," approved Octobcr 2, 1837, re-
quiring the tluee previous installments to remain witli the
States until otherwise directed by Congiess: And provided
further, That such guarantee bhall in no event be conntiued
'or enforced as imposing any obligation to repay said de-
posit beyond the obligations now existing by law.
Mr. GARNETT. It requires the unanimous
consent of the House to have that bill reported,
and that consent will not be given while I am a
member of this House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have performed my duty
under the circumstances.
Mr. BAKU. The gentleman from Virginia has
done his duty by trying to breakup the Govern-
ment by leaving it without money.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined,and found
truly enrolled, bills and joint resolution, of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 57) for the benefit
of Duvall & Brother;
An act (S. No. Ill) for the relief of Aaron II.
Palmer; and
An act (S. No. 531) to change the name of the
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook.
PETITION FROM ROCHESTER, NEW YORK.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, presented
the petition of citizens of Rochester, New York,
praying the Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress from that State to use their efforts to recon-
cile existing difficulties, and to offer such ample
guarantees to all Union-loving men of the slave-
holding States as shall bring us again into rela-
tions of brotherhood and harmony under the pres-
ent Constitution of the United States; which was
laid upon the table.
ROBERT STOCKTON.
Mr. VANCE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, reported
back the amendment of the Senate to House res-
olution No. 39, directing the accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle the accounts of the late
Robert Stockton, quartermaster,&c., with the rec-
ommendation that it be concurred in.
The bill was read. It directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department to
settle the accountsof the late Robert Stockton, of
New Jersey, an assistant quartermaster and for-
age master in the war of the Revolution, and pay
to his legal heirs and representatives such sum or
sums as may be shown due upon sufficient proof
of his services as quartermaster aforesaid, and
for damages done his property by the American
Army, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The Senate amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the vvoids, "and for damages done his prop-
erty by the American Army."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. VANCE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in; and also
moved that the motion to rcconsidcr be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report back from
the Committee on Commerce Senate bill No. 437,
to amend an act entitled " An act to limit the lia-
bility of ship-owners, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1851.
Mr. STANTON. I object; but I am willing
that the bill shall be read for information.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will explain the
bill in a few moments. It need not be read by the
Clerk.
A bill was passed March 3, 1851, and became
then a law, limiting the liability of ship-owners.
There is a provision in the fourth section of that
law which enables those who become liable to the
extent of their interest in a ship or vessel to trans-
fer their personal liability, by an assignment, to
the ship itself; that assignment to be made to
trustees in behalf of the claimant. But it has been
discovered that, when assigning their interest in
the ship, ship-owners interfere with their obliga-
tions of charter-party, and delivery ofcargo under
bills of lading. Therefore, they ask that, when
releasing themselves of this personal liability,
they may do so by giving a bond, with sureties
equal to its appraised value, instead of assigning
their interest m the ship or vessel, and that all
proceedings shall, from that time, be assimilated
to those ordinarily taken in admiralty actions in
rem. where bonds are given, as is proposed by
this amendment. The object of the bill is to au-
thorize a bond of such a description, instead of the
assignment of the ship itself. The Committee on
Commerce have reported an amendment to the
bilW>f the Senate, to make more secure the inter-
ests of the claimants, so that, whenever the secu-
rity, for any reason, becomes insecure or im-
paired, the court shall, upon the application of
thcclaimant,causc additional security to be given,
or that the owner shall take no benefit from the
act.
Mr. STANTON. This is not the bill I sup-
posed it was. I supposed it was the bill limiting
the liability of ship-owners engaged in foreign
commerce.
The bill and amendment were read.
Mr. STANTON. If I understand that bill,
with the amendment, it releases the claim upon
the vessel and substitutes for it a bond. I think
it questionable whether any such thing as that
ought to bo done.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I answer to the
gentleman from Ohio, that it is the usual course
obtaining in all our courts of admiralty in pro-
ceedings in rem, and never, within my experi-
ence, has any damage occurred to claimants under
such proceedings. We ask merely that the usual
course of judicial proceedings be adopted in this
case which is adopted in all others.
Mr. STANTON. This ls'anothcr step in that
line of legislation which has been adopted of late,
excepting ship-owners from liability as common
carriers. The community who are interested in
the transportation of produce have, by common
law, a claim upon the entire property of the owner
of the ship, and a lien upon the ship itself; and
that lien is being let up step by step at a time for
the benefit of ship-owners, and of those engaged
in commerce; and I think myself it is a question-
able policy, and I am inclined not to adopt it.
Mr. TRAIN. I object to that bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 call the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is too late to
make an objection now. The bill was read with-
out objection, after my explanation. The expla-
nation was full; and I now move the previous ques-
tion upon the amendment and upon the passage
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. According to the rule, the
Chair thinks the objection comes too late.
Mr. STANTON. I withdrew the objection
upon the explanation of the gentleman from New
York; but when I came to hear the bill read, it
gave me some inklings that the explanation did
not; and had I heard the bill read before I withdrew
my objection, I should not have withdrawn it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Upon the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio it was that I
moved the previous question, he havingannounced
in his place that it was too late to interpose objec-
tion. 1 explained the bill as fully as it was in
my power to do, and as fully, I believe, as the
bill itself could explain itself to any gentleman.
If the gentleman from Ohio did not fully perceive
the object of the bill, it was his fault, 1 think,
ccrtainly not mine; but yet, I would not stand in
the position of exacting from the gentleman from
Ohio such close attention in this presence as to
acquire a just estimate of the hasty language of
the explanation, or even of the bill itself. There-
fore,! withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, and 'suffer the objection of the gentleman
from Ohio to prevail.
LOGAN HUNTER.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave now to call up
the bill for the relief of Logan Hunter, of Louis-
iana. I stated to the House, on a former occa-
sion, that this bill had been recommended by the
Attorney General of the United States; that it
had been recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior; that it had been recommended by the
Comptroller of the Treasury; and that it came to
the House with the unanimous consent of the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill, which was read, directs that there be
paid to Logan Hunter, late district attorney of
the United States for the district of Louisiana, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of $5,000, in full for his ser-
vices on behalf of the United States, as United
States district attorney in the several prosecutions
heretofore instituted in Louisiana against Narciso
Lopez and others for violations of the United
States neutrality laws, by setting on foot military
expeditions against the island of Cuba.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the bill be en-
grossed, and read a third time.
Mr. KILGORE. Is not the bill open to amend-
ment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That bill is not in yet.
I am not willing to vote for it until I know some-
thing more about it.
The SPEAKER. This bill was before the
House on a former occasion, and it was laid over,
with the understanding that it might be called up
at some subsequent time.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does not the bill con-
tain an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. The bill was received at that
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. It went over as unfinished
business
Mr. McCLERNAND. There was no agree
ment at that time that the bill should be consid-
ered in the House.
The SPEAKER. It was the understanding
that it should be considered in the House, as I
am informed by the Clerk.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would remind the gentle-
man from Illinois that the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,] at the time
I reported the bill, moved to refer it to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, inasmuch as it con-
tained an appropriation. He withdrew that mo-
tion, in consideration that the bill should be
allowed to go over as unfinished business.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I understand that this
claim is now pending before the Committee of
Claims of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me'to remind him that this claim
has been recommended by the different Depart-
ments of the Government; that its payment has
been delayed some nine years, but has not passed
by reason of the inattention of the House to the
claim. There is no reasonable objection to the
passage of the bill; and the question to-day is,
simply, whether the Congress of the United States
will postpone indefinitely the just claim of an
American citizen.
Mi'. STEVENS,of Pennsylvania. Iwouldask
the gentleman whether the prosecution of these
people was not a part of the official duty of the
district attorney for the ordinary fees?
Mr. BINGHAM. Itwasa part of his official
duty; but it so happened that there was no exist-
ing law by which his fees could be assessed and
paid by the Department.
Mr. McCLER.NAND. 1 believe the rules re-
quire that the bill shall be sent to a Committee of
the Whole House: and I insist upon it.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to say that this claim
of Logan Hunter, and other claims of a like
character, are pending before the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SICKLES. Is the point decided wheLher
this bill must go to a Committee of the Whole
House5
