1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Isthmus of Ghiriqui—Mr. Morse.
Ho. op Reps.
from the hill country of Virginia. And it would
be the swamp miasma, and not the heat of the cli-
mate, that would be deleterious to life in either
case.
My district, Mr. Speaker, is located in north-
western Pennsylvania, on„the northern frontier of
the Union. Thirty miles of lake separates itfrora
Q,ueen Victoria's Canadian domain. If we start
from this frontier and travel south, about one hun-
dred and fifty miles will bring us to the land of the
negro slave. Still moving south for a thousand
miles, bating some mountain region, we will pass
over a wide land, fertile and sunny, but sparsely
populated, and not cultivated up to one twentieth
part of its capacity for production; still the land
of the negro slave. Stretching far, far away, on
our right and on our left, as we pass on, is still
the mild climate, the fertile soil, and thinly pop-
ulated land of the slave. Now, let us return. We
come to the one hundred and fifty miles allowed
to the free laborer, looking as though it was
squeezed back against the Canadian frontier. Let
us pass over it. We find it densely populated,
mamiy with a rural people. Thickly planted,
each on its own few acres, we behold the unpre-
tentious, but neat and comfortable, dwellings of
free laboring farmers, with as many tradesmen,
manufacturers, and mechanics, mostly located in
the villages, as the wants of the region require.
And here we behold the free laboring man—the
peer of every other man—proudly and joyously
earning his bread by the sweat of his face. In
willing obedience to the first command of God to
man, he is also multiplying. But his land will not
expand in proportion; and, therefore, he wants
more room whereon to labor. His arm is strong,
his will is good, to guide the plow, to ply the hoe,
to herd his flocks, to wield the hammer, drive the
saw, or push the plane; but he wants more room,
and must have it. The young mother, as she
presses to her bosom her first-born son, the pride
of her eyes and joy of her heart, knows that, like
all his fathers before him, he is born to labor, and,
like them, will labor, with a strong arm and glad
heart. But she knows there is not room for his
labor in the land of his birth. Sadly but hope-
fully she looks to the Territories of the West and
Southwest, and says, in her heart, there is a re-
gion provided by God for my son to labor in,
where there is room enough. And there she ex-
pects him to laborsideby side with his peer, where
labor is honorable and idleness disreputable, be-
cause there all freemen will labor. She would
despise herself for being the means, in the hand of
God, of bringing him into the world if she thought
he would have to labor beside the lash-driven
slave, with a lock upon his lips. She will never
agree, if truckling men would, that these Territo-
ries shall be covered and cursed with the blight
of African slavery. Does it not, I ask, better com-
port with truth, to saythat free laboris aggressed
upon rather than that it is aggressive ? It certainly
does; for such is, and for a long series of years
has been, the truth of the controversy;.
I allege, and defy successful refutation, that no
unprejudiced, disinterested, and intelligent mind,
can closely study the history of our governmental
organization, and its continuance through its
purest and best years, in connection with the
recorded views of the great leading minds which
then controlled its destinies, without being irresist-
ibly drawn to the conclusion that slavery, though
it then existed in nearly all the States, was every-
where believed to be a great moral, social, and
political evil, which ought to be abolished; and
which it was then expected and believed would
be abolished, certainly and as soon as with a due
regard to public safety it could be done; and that
it was never intended that it should be extended
in any direction, or any more slave Statesad-
mitted. Our Constitution undoubtedly received
its sanction under this view, and therefore con-
tains some things which under the view of a pos-
sible slavery extension would not have been ad-
mitted into it; particularly the three-fifths slave
representation. But, subsequently, under other
less virtuous and more mercenary influences, large
amounts of slave territory have been added, and
seven new slave States admitted contrary to the
original intent. And now all this vast region is
nevertheless, in liberality, by Republicans ac-
corded to slavery. They seek not to disturb it
New Series—No. 19.
in the States, old or new, where it exists. They
have so recorded it in their platform, and con-
firmed it by their votes in this House. They
admit that the constitutional right of rendition of
slaves should be complied with. Further con-
cessions would seem to be a work of supereroga-
tion. But still, for the sake of those noble-hearted
and brave men of the South who are battling for
the preservation of the Union, against the clamor
of secessionists, and to aid them in the contest, if
it will do it, I am willing to join in voting for the
resolutions reported by our committee of thirty-
three, and the amendment to the Constitution pro-
posed by its chairman. By the Constitution, as
our fathers made it, Congress has no power over
slavery in the States; and for the reasons just
assigned, I will vote for this amendment, which
provides, that in this respect the Constitution shall
ever remain as our fathers made it. Further than
this I cannot and will not go. I cannot and.will
not give a vote which may, either expressly or
impliedly, sanction the extension of slavery over
a single foot of God's earth now free; come what
may, I cannot do wrong under the expectation
that good may come of it. Those who demand
it of us, do so, as I think I have shown, without
authority in the Constitution; against its spirit,
and against right and justice. Why do not Re-
publicans compromise and save the country? is a
question excitedly asked in my hearing a hundred
times. I answer, because what we are required
to do is to submit to great wrong under a threat
from those who require it of us, that if we do not
submit to it, they will perpetrate a far greater
wrong. And this is what they call compromis-
ing!
And now, sir, I have gone through with the
entire evidence adduced and claimed as sufficient
to justify the perilous and disastrous course which
a portion of the South has inaugurated, and other
portions threaten to adopt; to justify, not the
supposed constitutional right of secession, which
is a mere figment of the southern brain, and has
no warrant in constitutional law, common law, or
common sense, but the extraordinary right of rev-
olution; which is only to be exercised as a relief
from great and unendurable oppression, after all
other means of relief have been tried, and failed.
I think I have shown, or that it appears patent on
its face, how insufficient, futile, and worthless it
is for such a purpose. There has been no aggres-
sion or oppression upon the South, and none is
threatened orintended by the incoming Republican
Administration; and the leaders of secession, un-
less for their great wickedness they have been
given over to believe a lie of their own invention,
know it. The fact that all the supposed evidences
of aggression existed for years, while they, th rough
the specious but false pretense of Democracy,
wielded the power of the Government, fattened
on public plunder, and thought nothing of them,
proves that the real cause of their secession move-
ments is, that the power longer to misgovern the
Union, and fill their coffers with stealings, has
passed forever from their hands.
But, that so venial and corrupt a combination
could succeed in impressing the minds of many
thousands of honest men in the cotton States with
a belief in aggressions which have no existence,
and which if they had, could affect the border
States only,and never reach them,isa most won-
derful instance of the occasional credulity of the
human mind. We look in amazement upon the
indubitable but astounding fact, that, for no cause
at all,sixStatesarealready 111 open rebellion, and
levying war against the most beneficent and least
oppressive Government that ever blessed the earth.
Such madness and wickedness have no parallel in
the arfnals of the world. A rebellion more eausc-
less, and a treason more base, the dark record of
deeds of human depravity nowhere contains.
Nothing can save the memory of those engaged
in it from the universal execration of the civilized
world, now and in all coming time, but the belief
that it is the result of one of those unaccountable
butawful cases of epidemic insanity, which some-
times seizes upon the minds of a whole commu-
nity, or nation; of which the Robespierrean period
of the French Revolution, when infuriated men,in
the belief that they were promoting the cause of
liberty and their country, deluged Paris with the
blood of its truest and best patriots,and the days
of the Salem witchcraft, when.in old Massachu-
setts, grave and sober men, in the belief that they,
were doing God a service in helping him to fight
against the powers of Satan, which, in their wise,
estimation, were likely to get the upper hand,
hung feeble women by scores, on the charge of an,
impossible crime. Butneither the bloody mob of
Paris nor the witch-hanging men of Salem were
more wicked or mad than are the deceived or rav-
ing rebels of the Gulf States, and their advocates
in this Hall.
ISTHMUS OP CHIRIQUI.
SPEECH OF HON. P. H. MOBSE,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
Fehriiary 4, 1861,
On the commerce between the Atlantic and the Pacific
oceans by transit across the Isthmus of Chiriqui, coal
supply, &.c.
Mr. MORSE said:
Mr. Chairman: I suppose that, in the present
unhappy condition of the country, and in the
almost bankrupt state of the national Treasury,
but little attention can be gained for a question
outside of politics, like the one now before the
House, however important in a national point of
view. Notwithstanding thisfeelingofindifference
to all questions except those we are obliged to
meet, 1 shall feel that I have not done my duty
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, which last
year brought this measure before the country, my
duty to the House,or to myself, if I do not, as far
as the brief hour allowed me will permit, state
the reasons which controlled the Naval Commit-
tee in their action on this question. I shall try to
do this as clearly, yet as briefly, as time and the-
nature of the case will admit. After the many
strange and visionary statements made here against
a measure which gentlemen have failed to give
sufficient attention to to comprehend, it is hardly
to be expected that the committee which gave it
origin will abandon it without a resolute attempt
to defend it.
Sir, I have rarely known agreat public measure
like this, one so closely allied to the industry of
a whole nation, to meet, from the start, with such
persevering and determined hostility. Some secret
and almost unaccountable enmity seems to have
watched and attended it from its birth to this very
hour. It watched its development in the com-
mittee-room, and dogged its footsteps into this
Hall; it followed it to the council chambers of
Bogota, New Granada, along the shores of the
Chiriqui lagoon, up the dark forests and deep
gorges of the Cordilleras, and seems to have
swayed, if not guided, the footsteps of at least one
engineer in very nearly a contrary direction from
that which he was instructed by his principal to
take and survey, until he found himself on the
margin of the crater of an extinct volcano, when
he abandoned his trust, found his way out of the
mountains, and returned to the ship, and faith-
lessly left the duties assigned him unperformed.
If this persistent hostility comes mainly from a
rival company, which lias no other motive but
the enlargement of its profits, it should have no
weight or influence here, for it is in a selfish strug-
gle4or a monopoly of trade across the Isthmus.
Now, sir, what"is this Chiriqui question and
the " conditional contract," about which so much
has been said here and elsewhere? I will try to
state both, so that they may be understood clearly
by all who will give me their attention. First,
what is the nature and extent of the "conditional
contract," which the Senate amendment is de-
signed to approve and carry into effect? In the
month of May, 1859, this Government made a
contract with the Chiriqui Improvement Com-
pany,of which Mr. Ambrose W. Thompson was
the principal stockholder and manager, for certain
rights and privileges, for which the Government
agreed to pay a stipulated sum of money, after the
approval of the contiactby Congress. The im-
mediate and direct advantages conferred upon the
Government by this contract were, first, the right
to take from the company's piers, under regula-
tions agreed upon by the parties, all coal wanted
in that locality for the use of our Gulf squadron
