874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. HASKIN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. BURNETT. How can the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair unless the re-
port be first submitted ? I do not understand the
gentleman from Illinois as having submitted it
yet. There can be no appeal till the report is
offered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will understand that the report has been
received.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I conceive that I
have some little rights here, particularly as a mcm-
berdf the select committee. The resolution which
I offered yesterday to make this a special order
for one o'clock to-day certainly supersedes in its
effect any special order that was previously made.
Hence, when I submit the report, and when its
reading is called for, the gentleman from Iowa is
clearly out of order in objecting to it, and endeav-
oring to break down the special order of yester-
day. The special order on the Pacific railroad
bill does not precede, but follows, that which was
made yesterday.
Mr. HASKIN. I have the floor—have I not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided the
question; and the gentleman from New York is
entitled to take an appeal.
Mr. HASKIN. Then I do take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and I hope the appeal
will be sustained by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
ground of his decision. There is a special order
pending, in charge of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Curtis.] The gentleman from Iowa has
the floor assigned hinj by the Chair, on the Pa-
cific railroad bill. After the gentleman got the
floor, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Morris]
claimed the right to make his report, saying that
there was a special order to that effect. The Chair
thinks he cannot take the floor from the gentleman
from Iowa, nor supersede the special order that
was then under consideration; but, as soon as
this special order is disposed of, the report of the
select committee will be in order.
Mr. ADRA1N. I move that the special order
on the Pacific railroad bill be postponed till after
the reception and reading of the report made by
the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey has not the floor for that purpose. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haskin] appeals
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to lay the appeal on
the tabic.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I want to make one
additional remark, if the gentleman from Iowa
will yield me the floor for that purpose. I think
the Chair has misapprehended the order of facts.
When the gentleman from Iowa stated that he
demanded the special order, it was two or three
minutes before one o'clock. I arose and stated
that a special order had been made by the House
yesterday to receive the report of the select com-
mittee on the abstracted bonds at one o'clock;
and inasmuch as it was about that time, I was
desirous, before the special order, or the Pacific
railroad bill, or the regular order of business
should como up, to get the floor to submit the re-
port of the select committee. Hence the gentle-
man from Iowa waived his right, even if he had
(he precedence, to enforce his claim in favor of
the special order which he has specially in charge.
Under these circumstances, I again repeat that I
think there is a misapprehension in regard to the
order of facts, and that the report which 1 sub-
mitted at one o'clock is now before the House for
consideration. I desire to extend every courtesy
to the gentleman from Iowa; but let me tell him
that there is as much interest felt in this report,
and in the facts pertaining to the abstraction of
bonds from the Interior Department, as there is
in liis bill, and a good deal more, although the
gentleman from Iowa seems to have that one dis-
tinct idea in his head, and thinks of nothing else
from day to day and from hour to hour, but the
Pacific railroad, which is to deplete the Treasury
of $300,000,000.
Mr. CURTIS. I thank the gentleman for the
compliment he pays me. I wish to say, m regard
to his own report, that I gave way for him to pre-
sent it. 1 extended to him all the courtesy due
to his report. The Chair has decided that he had
a right to report. He has reported; and the gen-
tleman may have it ordered to be printed.
The gentleman's report will come in immedi-
ately after the Pacific railroad bill shall have been
disposed of. I think that, inasmuch as the gen-
tleman's report requires no action, while actionis
required upon the Pacific railroad bill, we should
go on with the consideration of that bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this appeal debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair will
remark that the report of the gentleman from Illi-
nois was not made a special order. Leave to
report was merely given.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would suggest
that the report be printed, and be allowed to ap-
pear in the columns of the Daily Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
Pacific railroad bill was made the special order for
to-day. The report of the gentleman from Illi-
nois was not made a special order, but leave was
given him to report. The Chair has given him
leave, and the report has been received; but the
Chair does not feel authorized to suspend the
special order for the consideration of that report.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I make this point of
order 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is one point of order pending, which has
not been disposed of.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask for the vote upon my
appeal.
Mr. SICKLES. There is no appeal pending.
It could not have been received, because there
was nothing before the House on which an appeal
could be based.
Mr. McCLERNAND. My point of order is
this: I understand the Chair to say that he has
received the report of the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so state.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Now 1 insist on know-
ing whether the gentleman has reported or not;
and that can only be ascertained by the reading of
the report.
Mr. HASKIN. That is the point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
it is the right of the gentleman to have his report
read.
Mr. IIASKIN. The gentleman from Iowa has
stated to me that he yielded to the gentleman from
Illinois to make his report at one o'clock. His
report was carried to the Clerk's table; but until
that report is read, it is impossible for the House
to ascertain that a report has been made.
Mr. BURNETT. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, that he will probably expedite
his business by allowing the report of the gentle-
man from Illinois to be read.
Mr. CURTIS. If the House will allow me, I
was going to say, that as gentlemen seem determ-
ined to consume the hour anyhow, I am willing,
as a matter of economy, that the report shall be
read. I hope, therefore, that withoutany further
consumption of time, the report will be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest, that
in order to proceed regularly, it will be necessary
to suspend the special order.
Mr. CURTIS. Then, I hope the special order
will be postponed for that purpose.
Mr. SICKLES. With the understanding that
it is not to be considered at this time.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the special order will be suspended with that un-
derstanding.
Mr. HASKIN. I then withdraw my appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CASE. I desire to say that 1 was in-
structed, as one of the members of the committee,
to prepare certain bills to be reported to the House,
but my health has been such for two or three days
past that I have not been able to do so, and I ask
the permission of the House to present them at a
future time.
The report was then read, as follows:
The select committee, to wiiomwn.^ icferre.I the ievolu-
tion of the House, adopted on The 2-Hh day of December
la>t, directing tnem to inquire into and report the facts in
relation to the, fiaudul.-nt ab->ti.lotion of certain bonds held
by the Government in Uu-t tor the Indian tabes fiom tin:
Tjepaitment of tiie fciteror,and to whom wcie alsorefened
the eonimumeauon of Hon. John U. Floyd, late Secretary
of Wui,and th^ lettei of Ibm Kobei t JlcOlclJand, late See-
retaty of the inteno'-, b.'g lea\e K^poet'uliy to report:
That, upon th-- dav of !iu r appointment, they repaired to
the Intenoi Oepaumeni, and held an intci view with Hon.
Jacob Thompson, then Secretary of said Department, and
expressed to him their desire to enter upon the dutv as-
signed them at as early a period as would comport With his
convenience, and be consistent with the public interest.
Three days thereafter, and as soon as they were authorized
to employ a stenographer, yout committee organized, and
have labored to bring their investigation to nn early termin-
ation, with a diligence that has been quickened by an ap-
preciation of the grave character of the subject committed
to them, and oftheintorc&lfoltbythe House and the coun-
try in its remarkable details.
It soon became evident that the mere abstraction of cer-
tain bonds from the Interior Depaitrnent, a fact easily
ascertained and indeed admitted by the person who took
thenj, was an incident of minor importance in compauson
with the transactions preceding and connectcd with that
act, and your committee therefore considered it incumbent
upon them to trace as accurately and thoroughly as possi-
ble, through the tortuous windings of vast and complicated
interests, and extensive, though concealed, ratifications,
the motives and purposes and deeds of those who liavo
been the parties to a daring and unprecedented fraud upon
one of the Departments of the Government. In view of
the magnitude of the offense and the great loss involved,
they have iegarded themselves fully justified in pushing
the investigation to the furthest limit of the authority vested
in them. The want of time, rather than the lack of zeal,
has prevented them from obtaining all the information they
desired; yet enough has been ascertained to satisfy, in
their opinion, the mateiial inquiries with which they were
charged by the House, as they think will appear from a
succinct account of the evidence that has been adduced
before them.
the indian trust bonds.
By reference to the abstract marked "A," herewith
transmitted, it will be seen that the Government still holds
State bonds and certificates and United States stocks for
certain Indian tribestotheamountof$2,525,241 82. These
bonds, as well as the eight hundred and seventy abstracted,
and one Indian bond handed to lion. G. N. Fitch, and not
returned by him to the Department, for reasons assigned in
his correspondence with Godard Bailey, were purchased
from time to time by authority of law with the money of tho
Indians arising from treaty stipulations. Originally, they
were in charge of the Indian bureau, while that bureau was
connected with the Depaitrnent of War, and remained in
its custody after it became oneofthe bureaus ofthe Interior
Department in 1849, and fiom that time up to 1857. In that
year the custody of the securities was transferred to the Sec-
retary ofthe Interior. The Govcrnmentbaving the bonds
in its possession, was the trustee for the Indians, who were
the actual owners of them; and presuming that its agents
have uxeieised ordinary diligence and caie as their custo-
dians, the question arises as to the extent of its liability for
their loss.
Your committee do not, however, propose to pursue that
inquiry, as they cannot doubt that a gteat and magnani-
mous Government will not permit those who have com-
mitted themselves to its protection to be robbed by its of-
ficers or employes, without making prompt and ample
compensation. Yet the disregard of these fiduciary obliga-
tions would seem to aggiavate the turpitude of the offender
whose felonious hand could rifle so sacred a trust. Such
anactfurni&hes most melancholy evidence of the decay of
public virtue, and will remain a blot upon our history, and
an indication of our downward career. In this respect it
matters but little who was the transgiessor. The fact of
tho commission of the act, at a moment when we thought
we had reason to boast of our good faith and integrity, will
remain fixed in the public mind, and be remembered as a
dark offense when its guilty perpetrators have been long
forgotten.
tiie manner of keeping the bonds.
Underprevious Administrations the bonds were placed in
the immediate charge of some clerk, selected for his integ-
rity and capacity, who kept them in a safe in the Indian
office. No stamp or other maik of designation was placed
upon any of them, with the exception of a small portion,
and the only safeguard the Government had was the faith-
fulness and honesty of the person intrusted with their keep-
ing. So careless a mode of transacting the public business
and administering a trust so delicate and important, as-
tonnds us by the magnitude of its folly. Neithei the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs nor the Secretary of the Interior
ever counted the bonds m person, and the only infbimation
that either of them could have possessed touching their
safety was the payment of the coupons evrry mx moMl's,
and such examinations as they occasionally chose t'  or.ier
to be made by others. Fortunately for the Government,
however, no loss was sustained duun? previous Admims-
tiations; noristheie the slightest ground to believe that
Hon. Robert McClelland, of Michigan, former Secretary
ot the fnteiior, whose supervision of the trust while it le-
mamed in the Indian othce has been called in quonon,
and whose lettei was referred to your committee, acted at
any time or in any way unfaithful to it. On the contrary,
the evidence of Mr. Henry lleaid entirely exonerates him.
from any blame, fuitherthan the expression already made
by the committee of their opinion of the mode in which
the business was generally managed.
Youi committee will not pause to inquire which Secre-
tary exercised the greatest watchfulness and care : for it
is not within their piovince to institute such an investiga-
tion. Those desnous of furthci information can obtain it
from the records of the Intciior Depaitrnent. Still, they
deem it but iustice to add that they have discoveied noth-
ing to involve the late Seeietaiy, Hon. Jacob Thompson,
in the slightest degree in thefiaud, and nothing to indi-
cate that he had any complicity in the abstraction, or that
he had any knowledge of it until the time of the disclosure
by Godard .Bailey. Soon after he entered upon the duties
of In-i office, at the commencement of the present Admin-
istiaiioii,he appointed two additional disbuismg cleika for
his Depoitment, one of whom \va? Mr. Bailey, who was
placed m charge of the Indian tru^t bonds, ihs letter of
appointment,feigned by J.Thomp-on, Secict.tiy, beats dale
July 1, 1857, and, among other thing-:, says: <*Undei this ap-
pointment I desire particularly that you bhould take chaige
