292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
36ih Cong,...2d Sess.
Isthmus of Chiriqui—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Beps.
nounce, as humbug and moonshine, every project
which is brought to the attention of the House,
calculated to meet the present and coming wants
of the world's industry, so far as it can be done
by providing facilities for its exchange. The best
course left us for uniting the trade of the two great
fceas with more facility, is to take advantage of
some such condition of things as has been pre-
sented to us by this company, being careful that
the( rights of the Government shall be guarded in
all particulars. Great Britain has been seeking
for half a century to find a northwest passage; ana
many.of her hardy sailors and brave spirits have
been sacrificed, and left congealed to ice perpetual
on those frozen seas of the north, seeking a pas-
sage-way into the Pacific ocean by water. We
have been for twenty years surveying these sev-
eral routes across the Isthmus of Central America.
Some years ago we surveyed the Tchuantepec
route; but the result was, that the route is long,
with an open roadstead at one end, and a danger-
ous and shallow harbor, into which only small
vessels can enter, at the other. The Honduras
route also was a long one, andimpracticable. Next
came the Nicaragua route, which had only nine
feet of water upon this side and no harbor upon
the other. Next came the Panama route, which
is the'only one we now have; and that is but a
passenger route, and not a commercial one; and
it can never be made a commercial route, because
you cannol get water deep enough on the other
side of the route to permit loaded sfiips to approach
within four or five miles of the shore ;and of course,
all cargoes have to be discharged into lighters and
carried to the railroad. They now have to carry
their passengers and everything else by tow and
tug boats from the ships to the wharf. And upon
this side, the terminus is little better than an open
roadstead.
All hope of a transit by a ship canal is now
given up; and, so far as we are at present informed,
we have only this point left where a commercial
highway from sea to sea can be opened. That
there are two splendid harbors at the termini of
this route, almost opposite each other, is no w com-
pletely and satisfactorily settled; and the commit-
tee thought it was a matter of great interest to all
branches of American industry that this country
should, in some safe and proper way, not offens-
ive to New Granada, and in harmony with the
law of nations, offer encouragement and protec-
tion to this company in their effort to unite these
two harbors by a road suitable for the purposes
of commerce. We had evidence before us last
year which we thought was sufficient to induce
us to report favorably on this measure, and which
resulted in sending the commission to Chiriqui,
which has reported this survey. The report of the
topographical survey, of the single ami only route
passed over by the surveyor, looks, I grant you,
rather hard for a good freight road of easy grade.
I would notrecommend the building of a railroad
up a grade of three hundred feet to the mile; but
it you will examine the report, the explanation
of the engineer, with the profile view of the road,
you will see that the grades given in this report
are surface grades, which may be reduced about
one half, perhaps, by cuts and embankments.
The engineer had not time to survey more than
one of the routes to the Pacific. His assistant oil
one end of the route had left him, and he had to
survey the whole route in haste, while the ships
were waiting for him. He surveyed but one route;
while Evans, the geologist, who was also an en-
gineer, passed six times acioss the Cordilleras,
and says there are at least two easier and better
routes, from ten to twelve hundred feet lower. Mr.
Mortonhimself said that roads could be built over
the route he surveyed, where no place would have
a grade of over one hundred and fifty feet to the
mile, by tunneling less than four miles. We have
grades of that extent on the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad. But gentlemen say we cannot go to the
expense of tunneling there. The whole length
of the tunnel there will not exceed four miles.
Now, when you consider the commerce which is
now carried 011 between these two seas, and the
trade which will inevitably grow up along the
western shores of this continent, upon the islands
of the Pacific, with China, the East Indies, Aus-
tralia-, and.Tapan,itig evident that a tunnel of four
miles will be but a small obstruction to overcome;
and that we must take rtfbre energetic measures
to obtain such a share of that trade as our posi-
tion and importance as an agricultural, manufac-
turing, and maritime nation entitle us to. And
does any man of any foresight deny that the time
is fast approaching when we can afford to make
a tunnel through this four miles ? Massachusetts,
which has only seven thousand square miles of
territory, is now boring a tunnel of four and a
half miles through the Hoosac mountains, in
which they have progressed the distance of nearly
three miles. If the small State of Massachusetts,
with different lines of railroads running out of
Boston in every direction, can make it pay to cut
a tunnel through a solid rock four and a half miles
in length, does any sagacious man, with his eyes
open to what is going on around " ;.m,doubt that
the commercial world will find it for their in-
terest to tunnel almost the whole distance across
the Isthmus, if it should be necessary to do so to
facilitate the trade passing and repassing between
these two great seas ? Talk of tunneling being
an undertaking so immense! Why, sir, I believe
in Europe they-makc tunnels for the purpose of
saving land damages. Even in Virginia, laggard
and slow of pace as she is in material progress—
Virginia—may she enjoy the blessings of this
Union forever, and be protected in her rights for
all coming time by the same broad shield which
has sheltered her so long and so well!—even Vir-
ginia has bored a tunnel of over four miles through
the Blue Ridge; and while completing this great
work, she ran trains of cars over the mountain
on a track which rose nearly four hundred feet to
the mile. While these things are done around
us on mere local roads, gentlemen'Vould have us
believe that a work of no greater magnitude, even
to let the Atlantic join hands with the Pacific at
the center of the continent, cannot be performed
with the treasury of whole nations to support it.
But we are met with another objection—an
objection first stated by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, tMr. Phelvs,] and afterwards by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Porter]—which is,
that there is no power to cross this isthmus by a
railroad, or any other kind of road; that the right
to do so has been granted away to the Panama
company by the Republic of New Granada; and
that this Panama company now claims, and has
a right to enjoy, a monopoly of all transits, from
sea to sea, over the soil of New Granada. I shall
now direct my attention to a' brief examination
of that point. It is a geographical question, and
must be settled 011 the authority of geographers.
If you will look into these authorities for the last
one hundred years, you will find the authorities
state that the Isthmus of Panama is a narrow strip
of land or isthmus, formed around the curve of
Panama Bay, lying between the seventy-seventh
and eighty-first degrees of west longitude, and the
seventh and ninth degrees of north latitude; and
this Chiriqui isthmus is about north and west of
the Istlmius of Panama, anda distance of between
two and three hundred miles.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
refer the gentleman to the definition which our
treaty with Nicaragua gives to the Isthmus of
Panama. It is in these words:
a Thnt the eitizpii^yo^fN, and merchandise of the Uni-
ted States shall enjoy in tlie ports of New Granada, includ-
ing those of the piutot the VjJianadmn terntory generally
denominate d the hUtmus of Panama, ti om its southernmost
extreme until the boundaty of Costa Rica," &e.
Mr. MORSE. The gentleman will see that if
his reading of that treaty bo correct, its advant-
ages to us are limited to only a portion of the
coast and ports of New Granada, and 011 his read-
ing we gam no advantage from the treaty in any
port south and east of the Isthmus of Panama.
It cannot be correct, and I will tell the gentleman
why. Does the treaty mean from the southern-
most boundary of what forms the Isthmus of
Panama? No;certainly not. But from the south-
ern or southernmost boundary of New Granada.
But it does not define the Isthmus of Panama at
all. It only lays additional stress upon that Isth-
mus. The gentleman will perceive that the part
of the sentence he has quoted, " including those
of the part of Granadian territory generally de-'
nominated, "&c., is thrown in to a parenthesis, and
a comma placed 011 each side of it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow me
to say that the punctuation and the parenthesis
to which the gentleman refers are not to be found
in the treaty at all.
Mr. MORSE. I can show it to the gentleman
in this copy, in the Statutes at Large, the official
and universally recognized copy.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Let me
read it to the gentleman from my copy of the
treaty:
" For the better understanding of the preceding articles,
it is, and lias been stipulated between the high contracting
parties, that the citizens, vessels, and merchandise of the
United States, shall enjoy in the ports of New Granada,
including those of the part of Granadian territory generally
denominated Isthmus of Panama, from its southernmost
extremity, until the boundary of Co&ta Rica," ate.
And let me say that Morse's Geography defines
it in exactly the same way.
Mr. MORSE. Of course, I acknowledge such
high authority on geographical questions; but
I think the gentleman will find that this same
isthmus was by that authority denominated the
Isthmus of Darien, as it was generally at that
day; and in the Clayton-Bulwer treaty it is de-
nominated the Isthmus of Central America; so
that the gentleman can find but little or no author-
ity in treaties to sustain his position. Now, if
my friend's construction be the true one, we are
excluded by it from all the benefits of the treaty
in all the ports south of Panama, and that con-
struction would do great injustice to the commerce
of the country. The true reading of the treaty is
from the southern point of New Granada, not the
Isthmus of Panama, up to the southern boundary
of Costa Rica; and 1 say confidently, and without
hesitation, that the treaty means directly the op-
posite of what has been contended here; and that,
so far as it is authority, it absolutely defines and
confines the Isthmus of Panama to that one little
narrow strip of land curving around the bay of
Panama; and when you get outside of that, the
narrow strip of land, or isthmus, stretching around
the bay of Panama, the territory of New Granada
extends on up to the northern boundary of Costa
Rica, and our commercial treaty was intended to
have force in every port in New Granada. Any
man who reads that treaty, and comes to a differ-
ent conclusion, must be very liberal in giving away
the application of the treaty to about one half of
New Granada and impoitant commercial rights
of the United States. I hope the zeal of gentle-
men to defeat this measure will not carry them so
far as to seek the destruction of our commercial
treaties by limiting and confining their application
to patches only of the territory they were in-
tended to cover.
The grant, or charter to construct a railroad
from Aspinwall to Panama, given by New Gra-
nada to the Panama Railroad'Company, contains
a provision giving this company an exclusive priv-
ilege to construct roads from sea to sea across the
isthmus of Panama, not across any part of the
Isthmus of Central America. They are confined
to the Isthmus of Panama, and are now trying to
stretch the Isthmus of Panama from the southern
to the extreme northern boundary of New Gra-
nada, an extent and expansion which, I believe,
has never yet been given it by any reliable au-
thority. The interruption of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has given mo an op-
portunity of showing that the treaty authorities
relied on show just the reverse of what was claimed
for them here; that is, that the Isthmus of Panama
docs not come within about two hundred miles of
the proposed road from the Chiriqui lagoon to the
harbor of Golfito; and therefore this road is be-
yond the reach of the operation of the Panama
company's charter. Gentlemen on this floor are
claiming for this company more than it ever
claimed for itself, until very recently, and more
than they can find any respectable authorities to
sustain them in. The leading authorities, from
the time the geography of Central America be-
came known, arc against them. Lionel Wafen's
Description of the Isthmus, published in Lon-
; don in 1699; Alcedeo, Don Antonio d'Ulloa,and
| other Spanish writers; Rees Encyclopedia; The
Encyclopedia Americana; The Geographer and
Statistician, McCulloch; The British Imperial
Gazette; and the Royal Geographical Society's
New Gazetteer of the World, are a few of the well
known and reliable authorities which do not sus-
tain the positions taken by these gentlemen here in
