876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
should hold some of its sessions in the city of New York.
Being desirous ofexpediting the investigation, and of avoid-
ing the heavy expense that would be incident to the sum-
moning of a large number of witnesses from that city, your
committee concurred in the propriety of this suggestion;
and having asked for and obtained leave to sit in such places
as they believed the public interest lequired, they pro-
ceeded, at considerable inconvenience, to New Yoik.
From the testimony there procured, it wasapparentthat
the bonds had been disposed ot by Mr. Russell and his
agent, and that Mr. Russell did not have it in his power to
restore any of them. A limited number of them were
traced into the possession of certain individuals and cor-
porations, as follows:
Merchants' Benevolent Association, New York city, (wit-
ness, Hector Morrison,) Missouris  $J,G00
Meigs & Green!eaf,for account of (J. W. Purrel &
Co., Richmond, Va., (witness, C. A. Meigs,)
Missouris   10,000
Mitchell, Schenectady, N. Y,, from one to three,
State not mentioned, (Meigs witness)  2,000
Sanders, Hayden&ville, Mass., one to three, State
not given, (Meigs witness)  2,000
James G. King& Sons, New York city, (J. G. King
witness,) Missouris  10,000
Ci:trk, Dodge & Co., New York city, (witness,
L. C. Clark)  2,000
Capt. Porter, New York city, (Matthew Morgan
witness)..  2,000
Jerome Fitzhugh & Co., New York city, pui-
clmsed with knowledge of their character, (J.
11. Garland witness).      10,000
W. T. Coleman & Co., New Yoik city, (Coleman
witness)  50,000
George Smith, Chicago, (A. Campbell witness).. 21,000
Thomas Swann, Baltimore, (William McICim
witness)  ]0,000
R. D. Gaither, Baltimore, (W. Fisher witness).. 3,000
B. Atkinson, Baltimore, (W. Fisher witness) .... 1,000
Townshend Scott, Baltimore, (W. Fisher witness) 5,000
Lowndes, Thompson & Co., Baltimore, (Martin
Lewis witness).      5,000
$134,000
A few other bonds were ascertained to have been pur-
chased by Itiggs & Co., bankers, of Washington, for other
parties, and by other individuals, which are not included
in the above statement.
At an early stage of our proceedings, and before the ex-
amination of any witnesses, your committee designated two
of their number, the chairman and Hon. Mr. Thomas, to
consult with Robert Ould, Esq., United States district at-
torney for tiie District of Columbia, in reference to the ab-
straction of the bonds, and the legal questions connected
therewith. That officer advised that the testimony of both
Mi. Bailey and Mr. Russell should be taken.
An important witness:, Jerome B. Simpson, who would
be found in New York, it was expected, could not be ob-
tained. He had acted in that city as the confidential busi-
ness agent of Russell, Majors, & Waddell, and knew, it was
believed, all the details of their business transactions with
the Government, and of the abstraction of the bonds. The
moat active and diligent search for him pioved unavailing.
As none of his acquaintances remember to have seen him
since about tiie day following Mr. Russell's arrest, and as
no trace ot him has yet been discovered, it is evident that
he absconded or concealed himself to avoid the responsi-
bility of his acts, and an appearance before the committee
or the courts.
Jn view of this circumstance, and of the advice given by
the district attorney, and under the belief that, unless a full
statement could be obtained from some one immediately
connected with the transaction, no satisfactory report could
be made of " the facts in relation to the s«aid fraud" as was
required by the resolution of the House, it was determined
to afford Mr. Russell an opportunity of appearing befoie the
committee. Previous to Ins appearance, it had been de-
cided to leave it optional with lum-clt to answer or not as
he might elect. This purpose will plainly appear fiom the
following extract fiom the icoord ot the pioceedmgs, page
983:
"Monday, January 14, 1860.
" William II. Russell appeared.
"The Chairman. Mr. Russell, your counsel have doubt-
less apprised you of your rights. You are under a criminal
prosecution, and I deem it my duty to state to you that the
committee do not propose to require of you to answer any
questions. If >ou choose voluntarily to do so, jou can;
but if you do not prefer to do it, as indicated to you, you
can withhold your answer.
" Mr. Kuhse'ii. lam anxious to make a full statement in
regard to tiie bonds. J chum to be an honest man, and would
prefer to make out a statement of the whole transaction in
writing, and have you spread it at length on jour record.
I ask that as a iavor from the committee. 1 am under a
^criminal prosecution, and think it due to me that I should
be permitted to make a full statement, although 1 do not
fear the result of the criminal prosecution. If the commit-
tee prefers the statement made verbally, I will make it in
that way, but i should like to make it in writing."
Mr. Russell was then sworn, but after a few questions
had been proposed, he again expressed a desire to submit a
written statement, and leave was accoidmgly gianted. On
the 18th ot January he was again betoie the committee,
and presented a statement (which will be found among the
accompanvm" papeis herewith submitted,) prepaied,as he
stated be.oie the committee, by hK attorneys, " the night
after he asked permission " of the committee.
Vaiious intenogatories were proposed, which were
piompth' and /reely answered. But when asked," Did you
ever, directly or indirectly, give to any person any consid-
eration, m make to any person any present for sen-ices
)enacted to you connected with yout business with the War
Depaitment?" Mr RiwselJ declined to respond before con-
sulting with hit- counsel.
I'pon this suggestion tiie examination was at once sus-
pendedr
On the 23d of January he again appeared, and was re-
minded of what had been said to him on a previous occa-
sion, and more tully admonished that he was not required
to answer any questions. He was also advised that b is ex-
amination would he waived, if he desired it, in whole or
in part, and that, if he so elected, his evidence aheady given
would be expunged. The act of Congress, approved Jan-
uary 24, 1857, entitled "An act inoie effectually to enforce
the attendance of witnesses on the .summons of cither House
of Congress, and to compel them to discover their testi-
mony," was shown to Mi. Russell; and after reading it, he
requested further time to advise with his counsel. Before
leaving the committee-room, however, he stated, m reply
to a question, that he undeistood the statute, and that it
had been explained to him previously to his appearing be-
fore the committee.
On the 25th, Mr. Russell presented to the committee a
paper, prepaied, he state?, as an answer to the question
that had been previously proposed to him, and requested
that it should be placed upon the record. He left it with
the committee, and no further questions were proposed.
This instrument, though not properly belonging to the rec-
ord of our proceedings, is transmitted to the House for its
inspection as one of the accompanying paper*. On exam-
ination, it will be found to be not an answer to the question
that had been a-ked as intioductory to more impoitant
ones, but an elaborate effoit made by Mr. Ru-seli, with
technical adroitness and legal acumen, to avail himself of
tiie act of Congress beiore referred to, and to inteipose it
as a shield between himself and the consequences of his
deeds. Nearly ail the material statements therein contained
are wholly incorrect. It is not true, as ho allege-, " that
he was not permitted by law to leluse to testify to any fact"
within the scope of ourinquuios. Neither is it true "that
he was required to testify." He testified of his own free
will, and was not " compelled," as declaied by the title ot
the act, " to discover testimony," nor was he "required,"
as expressed in the body of the law, to give his evidence.
Your committee, therefore, while they are constrained to
con-ddei the course adopted by Mr. Russell as a confession
of his moral guilt, do not deem it within their province to
anticipate or prejudge a question of law which may arise
in legal prosecutions.
the acceptances issued by tiie secretary of war.
When the iniquitous act peipetrated by one of the sub-
ordinate officers of the Interior Department in the ab-
straction ot bonds was made known, it was discovered, at
the same time, that acceptances, unauthorized by law, and
deceptive and fraudulent in their character, had been is-
sued by the Secretary of War in favor of Messrs. Russell,
Majors & Waddell. As a poition of these arc inseparably
connected with the histoiyofthe bond embezzlement, it is
proposed fir^t to inquire into the circumstances attending
their issue.
It is stated by Mi. Russell that, on the day he made his
last application for secunties, Mr. Bailey agreed to luinish
them on the condition that theio should he deposited with
him, m their place, the acceptance of Governor Floyd, as
Secretary ot War. Mr. Russell, it would appear, had then
on hand <5735,000 of acceptances, $7:2,000 of which were
unconditional, and the balance conditional, and payable
out of the earnings of Russell, Majors & Waddell for 1861.
[Copies of the acceptances will bo found embiaeed m the
testimony of Hon. Jacob Thompson.] The amount of tiie
bonds he received on that and previous occasions was
eight hundred and seventy, or $870,000. There was there-
foie wanting, to make up the requisite sum of securities,
{§135,000; and we accoidmgly find tiiat there is an accept-
ance, heating date December 13, for that precise amount.
When it is remembered that that is the dare of the last de-
livery of bond-, and of tiie receipt therefor, the inference
seems unavoidable that the acccptance was issued to make
up an aseeitainod deficiency, and that it was anticipated
that it would go into tbe possession of Bailey.
There are other facts that should be stated in this con-
nection. Mr. Ru-seli fixes the piobable earnings of his firm
tor the year lb(>l at from $500,000 to $£600,000, while Cap-
tain Van Vliet estimated them at .$486,000 for 1860 ; and
Geneial Johnson savs, m his testimony, that, for the pres-
ent year, they will be about what they wete in 1860, which
wa-i $510,001), including a payment made in Washington,
by Captain Miller, of a little more than $69,000. The
conditional acceptances given to Mr. Bailey amount to
$798,000, or $248,000 more than the maximum sum that
could have been earned by Messis. Russell, Majors &.
Waddell, during that jear, according to the estimates of
the Department, baseu upon the earnings of tiie previous
year. The acceptances foi the $798,000 were the only con-
ditional ones issued, and these, together with those for
$72,000, issued unconditionally, must be regarded as a loss,
as the Government will, doubtless, acknowledge the obli-
gation to replace the bonds belonging to the Indian trust
tuud ; and there is little leason to expect that Russell, Ma-
jors, St Waddell will make a return of what they have
received.
if your committee could rest here, and could feel justi-
fied in expressing the belief that there are no other out-
standing liabilities, and that no further demands would be
made upon this or any futuic Congress, in connection with
these extraordinary pioceeditigs, thev would deem this an
occasion for congratulation to the House. But, unfortu-
nately, tiiere are tiatisaeuons of a similar character, but of
a still greater magnitude, that claim your attention.
In 1858, the Seoietary of War commenced the issue of
acceptances, and, at the same tune, wrote to various hanks
and individuals uignig then puicha.-e or discount. One ot
his letters, and one Itom Colonel Dtinkaul. chief clerk of i
the War Department, to James T. Sautter, Esq., president
of the Bank ot the Kepubhc, will be found included in the
testimony taken in New York. Copies of vaiious other
letters relating to the same subject, obtained fiom the War
Department, accompany this report. Mr. F. P. James, of
New York city, testified before the committee that Mr.
Soutter. to whom reference has been already made, said to
him upon one occasion that he had a draft for $15,000. and
with it a letter fiom the Secretary of War, sta'ing tlmt he
had i&sucd. or was about to issue, acccptances m favor of
Russell, Majors & Waddell, but that at no time should he
issue those acceptances to exceed one half of the amount
which he knew, of hU own knowledge, was actually due
to the parties for services alreadyperforined. Mr. Routter,
on being called on to produce this communication, says
that "he had an impression, and he supposed it was derived
from a letter of Mr. Floyd, that the War Depaitment is-
sued acceptances to the extent only of one half of the
amount that would become due to Russell, Majors & Wad-
dell on vvotk in process of execution." Although an ex-
amination of the letters received by the bank, and his own
private letters, failed to bring to light such a communica-
tion as he had expected to find, Mr. Soutter does not change
his opinion, but concludes that it was derived from the
statements of some persons whose names he cannot now
recalj. These letters and representations are important as
showing the means adopted by the Secretary of War to get
the paper he issued into circulation.
more than $6,000,000 of acceptances issued.
Tn relation to the acceptances issued unconditionally by
the late Secretary of War, your committee deem it their
duty to state all the facts they have been able to discover,
as fully as possible. They amount, m the aggregate, to the
enormous sum of $6,179,395. Add thereto thcconditional
acceptances which have already been thrown back upon
the Government through the agency ot Mr. Bailey, and the
sum total is $6,977,395. This estimate i< ba-ed upon data
furnished by the War Depaitment. It appeals theiefrom
that acceptances to the amount of $840,000 were returned
to tiie Department for cancellation. Mr. Russell, howe\ er,
claims to have returned only $200,000, or $250,000. He
further states that the acceptances which he did icturn
were those which had matuied in his own pocket, and
could not therefore be negotiated. But this assertion is
positively contradicted by the indorsements on the retui ned
acceptances, and by the testimony of Mr. Irvin, a cleik in
the War Department.
From the careless and irresponsible manner in which
business was transacted by thatgentleman and the late Sec-
retary of War, and from the fact that it was the habit of
Governor Floyd to i «ue acceptances at the Department or
at his house, or at whatever place he happened to be, it is
a matter of great uncertainty whether or not the $840,000
should be deducted from the sum heretofore stated. The
probability is, that when the acceptances were returned to
Governor Floyd by Mr. Russell, he accepted others at the
same time for the same amount, of which thcic was no
registry made. It is deemed safest to proceed upon the sup-
position that the acceptances mode in the place of those re-
turned were registered. Upon this hypothesis, the $840,000
must be deducted from the $6,179,395 of unconditional ac-
ceptances made and registered in the War Department.
This would leave of them, so far as is shown by the recoids
of that Department, $5,339,395 still m circulation; add to
this amount the $/98,000 of conditional acceptanccs re-
ceived by Mr. Bailey in lieu of the bonds, and the aggiegate is
$0,137,395. Here, then, confining the statement to the rec-
ords of the War Department, is a deficit of $6,137,395 to fall
upon the holders of these acceptances, oi to be assumed in
some way by the Government.
what was done whh the acceptances.
The evidence shows that the acceptances have been sold
in various parts of tiie United States, wherever a bank or
private individual could be induced to purchase. Inasmuch,
however, as the amount of those that have been traced di-
rectly into the hands of present holders constituted but a
small fraction of the sum still unaccoun ted for, and as own-
ers aie daily filing additional claims at the War Depart-
ment, it is deemed unnecessaiy to give a detailed statement
of the discovered acceptances, or to make other mention
ot them than to refer to the papers relating thereto pre-
sented by the War Department, and to the geneial evidence.
It is proper, however, to remark in this connection, that
while your committee do not deem it necessary to give said
details, the data m the War Depaitment fix the minimum
amount of outstanding acceptances known to that Depart-
ment at $1,445,000.
further light on governor floyd's proceedings.
Mr. Richard B. Iivin, the faithful and intelligent clerk to
whom reference has been made elsewhere in this report,
says, in his evidence : " There may, of course, be other
outstanding acceptanccs, of the whereabouts of which the
Department has no knowledge." There will also be found
embraced in his evidence, given upon being recalled be-
foie the. committee on the 6th instant, a letter addressed to
R. A. Barnes, Esq., president of the Bank of the State of
Missouri, under date of January 24, 16G1, to Hon. Joseph
Holt, Secretary of War, which is of interest, and will thiovv
light upon the conduct of Governor Floyd's proceedings
and assurances in regard to the acceptances. Mr. Irvin
still further testified to the receipt of other letters by the
War Department since the papers furnished to the com-
mittee by that Department were transmitted, of a charac-
ter similar to Mr. Barnes's. This branch of the mquuy is
evidently prolific, and could be pursued to a great length,
if necessity required, or time would permit.
mr. rcssell's estimate.
To avoid all appcarancc of unfairness, your committee
consider it pioper to give Mr. Russell's estimate of the
amount of acceptances issued, as set forth in the following
extidct from his testimony:
Question. State as nearly as you can, of your own knowl-
edge and recollection, tho amount of acceptances of Gov-
ernor Floyd shown by that (his) account to you?
^Snsu-cr. J have got but an idea about it. It \Va- vciy latge.
I cannot tell how large. 1 believe it exceeds $3,0u0,000.
Question. Does it not exceed $4,000,000?
Answer. Ido not recollect.
Question. Does it not cac eed $5,000,000 ?
Answer. I judge not; it is all impiession on my part.
Question. Can you state that you have not received his
acceptances to an amount exceeding $6,000,000 ?
Jlmwer. I do not think i have.
Question. How much less than $6,000,000 can you say
was the amount?
