1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. JBrabson.
Ho. of Reps.
their efforts to extend the Isthmus of Panama
beyond the bay and State of Panama into other
parts of Central America.
But, sir, it does not seem to me to show much
forecast, or, I might say, statesmanship, for Amer-
icans to come here and attempt, by misconstruing
our treaties.and by various other means, to give
a monopoly of the whole American isthmus to a
small private company. I have no desire to make
any attack on the Panama road company. I give
them all credit and honor for what they have done;
I wish them to enjoy all the privileges that belong
to them; but I do not want to see them attempt-
ing to grasp what does not belong to them, and
to stand there on that isthmus misconstruing our
treaties and holdingup their monopolizing charter
and flinging it in the face of the commercial world,
saying that they control the gateways to the Pa-
cific, and that no Power shall unite the two oceans
by roads suitable for the purposes of commerce
until tlieyrelax their iron grasp of the Isthmus,
and permit a closer union of the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans.
I may be starting a position a little in advance
of the present state of international law; but I
fully believe the time is not very far off when
these isthmean transits will be brought under
some liberal rule of international law, the same
in principle as that which governs narrow seas,
straits, and rivers. The tendency of the age for
the last forty years has been to remove all com-
mercial restrictions of this character, and to break
down this class of national monopolies. The
Danish sound dues, and all similar restrictions,
have been removed, and such pathways have been
made free to commerce. The Rhine, the Scheldt,
and the Danube, have been made free rivers; and
the tendency and spirit of the age is to remove all
such restrictions, and give no nation exclusive
rights to the pathways of commerce; and yet you
seem not only willing, but anxious, that the great
highway of commerce between the Atlantic and
Pacific shall not be diverted or interrupted, but
continue its weary course for a hundred or a hun-
dred and fifty days, nearly up to the Antarctic
Circle, and round the boisterous seas of Cape
Horn, because a close corporation thrusts a
parchment in your face and claims, by its false
construction, a monopoly of all the plains, val-
leys, ravines, and mountain gorges on the Isth-
mus, through winch a railroad can wind its way
from sea to sea. But, sir, I believe the principle
which has brushed away the monopolies over the
great rivers of the earth, sounds, straits, and nar-
row passages to inland seas, will soon be made
to apply to the American isthmus, and no narrow
selfishness be any longer permitted, under the law
of nations, to bar and guard the gateways of com-
merce across a continent, and turn away the in-
dustry of millions to continue the beaten track it
lias followed for centuries. I have no doubt that
the commercial world will soon demand entire
freedom to establish transit routes across the
American isthmus, under such regulations as the
law of nations may provide for.
Suppose there were a passage way across that
isthmus half a mile in width, and through which
ships could pass from sea to sea: do you believe
that the commercial world would tolerate for a
single hour any monopoly of that passage ? Cer-
tainly not. No one supposes that any Power on
this continent could keep it closed against the
common use and common sentiment of mankind.
Suppose this isthmus were only half a mile wide,
and you could see the riches of India, China,
Japan, Australia, and the islands and seas of the
Pacific, lying just beyond it; would the principles
which govern the wants and necessities of nations
in this respect be so changed that gentlemen would j
be willing to drive all inter-oceanic commerce on j
the long and devious track round Cape Horn, be- !
cause somebody had a monopoly of crossing by j
rail that little narrow strip of land? lfyousayno, ,
then suppose it fifty miles, or any distance that can
be crossed with dispatch and economy and save
the long voyage; the principle would still apply.
The time is coming, and coming soon, too, when the
wants of the whole commercial world will demand
and secure the opening of passages across the
isthmusof Central America that no greatorsmal!
monopoly can close up or obstruct. Free, intel-
ligent opinion will soon begin to move and tread
firmly hi that direction, and nothing will be able
to turn it from its course.
This question is, to my mind, one of the great-
est magnitude in its commercial bearings. We
have done too little, o_r rather given scarcely any
attention to questions of this kind. We have sat
here day after day, week after week, and month
after month, as the years have rolled away, talk-
ing about politics, slavery, and till our local in-
stitutions, until the whole nation has become
surfeited, tired, and sick of politics and polit-
ical discussion, while other nations have been
running away with the prizes of commerce, en-
riching themselves, and leaving us far behind in
this respect for the want of a little attention to our
external trade, juet me illustrate this point by a
few facts in reference to our trade with the na-
tions inhabiting this continent south of our own
country. The population of Mexico, Central
and South America, and the West India Islands,
is 35,163,028; square miles, 7,653,994; entire for-
eign trade, (exports and imports,) §503,736,693.
Of this trade the United States gets, exports and
imports, $114,814,582. The entire continental
trade of the nations south of us—that is, of Mex-
ico_, Central America, and South America—is
§350,000,000 annually, of exports and imports.
Of this trade the United States has, both of ex-
ports and imports, $52,000,000 annually, or only
about one seventh. The other six sevenths goes
mostly to Europe, and much the largest part to
England. We have none to reproach but oui-
selvcs, for want of attention to this great national
subject. While England has two lines of steam-
ers to South America, with other lines running up
and down the coasts of this continent, touching
at about seventy different ports, accommodating
them with conveyances for light freight, passen-
gers, and postal service, and thus gaining facili-
ties for carrying off' all this trade, we have but one
solitary line running to Panama. I say, then,
that we have got to give our attention to tins sub-
ject of external trade, and to go into the struggle
for our share of the commerce of the world, and
especially of the trade of this continent, instead of
turning our backs upon all such questions as are
calculated to expand our foreign trade and stim-
ulate the industry of the country, and frightening
men out of their votes and their propriety by an
organized howl against it.
Now, sir, 1 have offered an amendment to the
Senate amendment, which, if adopted, and acted
on by the executive department, will secure the
rights of the Government under it. Not a dollar
can be paid out till a contract shall have been
made to secure theUnited States in all the rights
which they contract for. I care but little or noth-
ing about it personally; I am looking more to the
interests of commerce, and to the ultimate effect
it will have on American industry, in all its
branches, than to anything else. The men of the
West may not think they have so much interest
in it as those of the sea-board; but in reality, the
agriculturists and manufacturers have more inter-
est in it than the commercial men. The products
of agriculture and manufactures which will be
exported and transferred from sea to sea in conse-
quence of such enterprises, are, of course, far more
valuable than the freight on them amounts to.
Ships are but the servants of other branches of in-
dustry. They are but carriers and exchangers for
them, and there should be no antagonism between
them; forthey must, as a general rule, prosper or
suffer together. It becomes every manufacturer
and agriculturist, then, to look into tins question j
earnestly, and see in what way we can export more ■ j
of the productions of the country than we now do, ; j
more especially if certain events, now so sen- !
ously apprehended,should occur. Thatis,should I
the cotton States succeed in getting out of the
Union, we must give moreattention Jo our foreign
trade, and replace the value of their exports by
enlarging the exports of the remaining States, so
as to balance our imports. With proper attention
and energy, this can be done. Wc must and we
can, by suitable measures, export, five years
hence, twenty-five or thirty million dollars' worth
of manufactures and agricultural productions more
than we now do.
I hope that in the next Congress, when the
country shall have settled down into a state of
quiet, there will be men who will give alt neces-
sary attention to these highly interesting ques-
tions, and who will study to give American in-
dustry a wider spread, and a firmer hold in the
markets of the world. This expansion of foreign
trade will become a necessity to us, and we must
go into it with intelligence and perseverance, or our
prosperity and strength, as a commercial people,
have reached their meridian of glory, and under
the universal laws of progress and decay, will not
long be able to maintain a fixed position, but will
wane and weaken before the sustained energy and
intelligent industry of other States.
STATE OF THE UNION.
SPEECH OF HON. R. B. BRABSON,
OF TENKESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
March. 2, 1861,
On the report from the committee of thirty-three on the
disturbed condition of the country.
Mr. BRABSON said:
Mr. Speaker: When I took my seat as a mem>-
ber of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, I determined
not to occupy-the attention of the House with
any remarks of a general character, believing I
could in a quiet way better serve my constituents
and my country. But the extraordinary and un-
happy state of things which surround us makes
it imperative on me to give utterance to the senti-
ments which I entertain. I am fully aware of the
dangers which lie in the path I must tread; but I
would be unworthy the confidence of the intelli-
gent and gallant people whom I represent, were
I to shrink from the discharge of my duty.
The question is not who shall direct the ma-
chinery of this Government, but whether we shall
have a Government of the United States at all?
Startling events occur with such rapidity that the
stoutest hearts tremble at what they foresee. The
greatest Government on earth, commanding the
rcspcct and admiration of the world, is to be
hurled to the dust unless the currents of events is
changed, and changed quickly. No one can look
upon these vacant seats, occupied at the com-
mencement of this session by intelligent and able
Representatives from seven States, without feel-
ings of sadness and sorrow. And it is to be
deeply regretted that, while every honorable ef-
fort is being made to stay the tide of ruin that is
sweeping over our country by the conservative
men of the Ration, we hear it said by gentlemen
from both sections, that nothing can be done to
avert impending ruin; that the alienation of feel-
ing between the North and South, the bitterness
of party strife, the fierce conflict of sectional pas-
sions, destroy all hope of an adjustment. But,
sir, I acknowledge no difficulty which may not
be settled, no dangers which may not be averted by
wisdom, prudence, and patriotism; and whether
the members of this House are imbued sufficiently
with these virtues to meet the issues as become
the Representatives of thirty-one million freemen,
I have every confidence that the American people
can and will meet the emergency successfully.
It is not to be denied that passion, prejudice,
and bitter party feelings, have had too much to do
in bringing about our presentdifficulties; and the
sooner we divest ourselves of those unpatriotic
and unstatesmanlike feelings, the sooner all our
difficulties will be settled, and our country move
on the march of greatness and prosperity to that
destiny which awaits us, if we remain a united
people Born to tui inheritance such as was never
vouchsafed to man before, we certainly should
not trifle with it, and hastily and passionately de-
stroy it; but, realizing the most solemn responsi-
bility which can rest upon men, put forth every
energy of our nature to protect and preserve that
inheritance, and transmit it, unimpaired, to pos-
terity. Should we fail so to do, posterity will not
hold us guiltless. Amid the storm of revolution
which is sweeping over our country, it would be
criminal in me to add to its fury by indulging in
crimination and recrimination.
Could we but calmly and dispassionately in-
quire into and ascertain the causes of all our
troubles, we would be the better able to apply the
remedy. What is the ground of complaint, and
what the remedy? Whatever ground of com-
