1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«rr
Jlnswer. I will not fix the amount- I know it was very
large. I know it was millions.
Question. Will you fix any amount short of $6,000,000
which you can say covers it?
Question. I do not think it exceeds $-4,000,000.
Question. Can you state to the committee within a half
million dollars the amount ot'the acceptances of Governor
Floyd which you have paid?
Jlnswer. No, sirx I cannot. We have certainly paid up-
wards of §3,000,000, and probably $3,500,000, and canceled
them or retired them.
Question. Does $3,500,000 cover the amount?
Jlnswer. I cannot say positively.
Question. Can you name a sum which you can be posi-
tive does cover the amount?
Jlnswer. 1 am sure we have paid $2,000,000.
Question. Aie you sure you have paid and canceicd
$3,000,000?
Jlnswer. Well, I am pi etty confident m my mind that we
have.
Question. Can you state, any amount linger than that,
winch you are confident, in your own mind, was paid and
canceled ?
Answer. No, sir.
QueUion. Did you not pay and cancel Governor Floyd's
acceptances to an amount larger, at the outside, than
$3,500,000 ?
Answer. I think $3,500,000 will cover the sum. I am
vcrv confident, in my own mind, that it Will.
Mr. Russell then stated that, besides the acceptances he
has used and those still lemaining in his possession, (the
latter somewhat less than $200,000 m amount,) Governor
Floyd gave him others, which he returned unused to the
War Department. If credence should be given to these
explanations, the amount of acceptances still outstanding
is very large. But Mi*. Russell's statements arc so ram-
bling. vague, and unsatisfactory, and he shows such utter
ignorance of the details of his business, and such incapa-
city, or unwillingness, to make an exhibit of ins affairs, that
your committee have considered it much safer to base their
conclusions upon the records lurnished by the War De-
partment. These recoids are of a character too peculiar to
be passed without comment.
PECULIAR RECORDS IN THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
By reference to the testimony of Mr. Irvin, a clerk in the
"War Department, it will be seen that he kept a registry of
the acceptances on loose pieces of papei only, as they vvcie
reported to bun fiom tune to time, and no other was made.
He states, too, thai there was no registration of the $798,000
of conditional acceptances which fell into Mr. Bailey's
hands; and that immediately alter the discovery of the ab-
straction oi the bunds, Governor Floyd went to his office
and directed him (Mi. Irwm) to enter an order of cancel-
lation of those acceptances, which he did upon a slip of
paper, as he had entered the dates and amounts of others
that had been issued The acceptances being in the hands
of Hon. Jacob Thompson, having been placed theic by Mr.
Bailey in heu of the abstracted bonds, an order of cancel-
lation at such a time, was simply an order against the Gov-
ernment. Had the acceptances been held by other parties,
the order would have been equally futile; for, if legally
issued, u could not invalidate them.
PAYMEN TS TO RUSSELL, MAJORS, AND WADDELL.
It ai>o appears from the leeords of the War Department,
that while these acceptances were being issued to the
amount of millions of dollars, Russell, Majois & Waddell
were regulaily receiving their pay for the sei vices pet formed
under their contiaet, m money, fiom the Government.
The aggregate amount of the payments made to them, in
cash, during the vearo 1838.1859, and 1 SCO, is $4,842,0o-l 41,
and a huge "portion of this sum was paid by the pioper olii-
ce.rat Leavenworth City.Kansas. Governor Floyd admit-
ted in his evidence that every acceptance which he made
"ran against unearned money," and was designed to give
them (the contractors) " the ciedit ot their contract." Yet
there has not been discovered the&lighest indication that
he made any inquiry about the payments, or concerned
himself to see that they were, when made, applied to the
acceptances.
Releience to the testimony of General Johnston, of the
Aimy, and ot Hon. Mi. Atkinson, the Thud Auditor of the
Trca-ury. and lo a detailed statement of the payments
winch pt Rented to the committee the amounts of the earn-
ings and pavments, will more tully appeal, it would, per-
haps, be •>utliciem to sav, upon this point, that Mr. Russell
acknowledges that thejV is now but a small sum due his
fijm mi cuircnt earnings. But it was considered desirable
to leniove all uncertainty from this question, and to ascei-
tam positively whethei Russell, Majois & Waddell had
evei presented any claim to the War Department foi extra
seiv.ee-,and whethei anv claim forsuch services had ever
been paid by that Department, and correspondence was
aceoidin«ly had with the present Secretary of War, lion.
Joseph Holt, who icfeired the letter of the committee to
Geneiai J. E. Johnston, Uuaitermaster General, and Colo-
nel J. V. Tayloi, acting Commissary General of Subsist-
ence. , , , . .
It will be seen, from theirreplies,that no such claim has
ever been made or allowed. Gencial Johnston, however,
states that there is an account amounting to $37,390 49 still
suspended, which the late Secretaiy of War directed to be
reduced by a •'* disallowance" ot $9,1:25 G2. He also states
the sum due them on the 4th ot January last, upon cuircnt
eai nines, to be $27,750 49, fiom which must be deducted
$l5.000loi a duplicate payment. This amount was ascer-
tained by telegtaphmg to Leaven worth, (at which place the
account.- ot Russell, Majoi- & Waddell are kept,) and, al-
though it may not include othei earning- in New Mexico,
it cannot be largely incicased. The facts, theretoic, are,
that Ru^ell, Major: & Waddel! not only absoibod all the
sum? "ained bv {hem under their contracts, and sold all the
bonds thev i-uvived uom Mr. Bailey, but also laised veiy
largo sums of money upon the acceptances issued by the
sdctietary of Wai.s
COMMENTS ON GOVERNOR FLOYD'S LETTER.
The information thus plainly presented seems to demand
that some mention should b". made of the communication
of the late Secretary of War, Hon. John B. Floyd, ad-
diessed to the House, and by the House tcferred to your
committee. In his letter occurs this passage: "Within the
four years since I have presided over this Department, not
a dollar, I believe, has been io&t to the Government by em-
bezzlement or theft, and within that time $60,000,000 have
been disbursed. No system of administration, no line of
pnhcj', I think, could reach better results. No system of
accountability could be more perfect." If by the best " re-
sults" arc undeistood to be the depletion of the public
Ticasury and the debasement of public virtue, the approval
of the vicious and the reprobatiou of the good; if by " the
most perfect system of accountability" is meant a method
of transacting business that promises rewards to negligence,
and affords the most valuable facilities and incentives to
fraud, then, indeed, may the late Secretary have reason to
speak with confident self-praises of his " system of admin-
istration" and " line of policy."
Whether or not his assertion that there has been no " em-
bezzlement" or " theft" in his Department, that will soon
be decided in the courts. The recklessness of his official
conduct, his inattention, and the ignorance of the details of
his*affairs, have been already shown, and will stand out in
still greater distinctness on examination of the contradic-
tions and obscurities of his testimony. Your committee
will, therefore, leave judgment to be pronounced by the
House, and by the country; but will present,as avaluable
aid in coming to a correct conclusion, a brief abstract of
the testimony of Hon. J. P. Benjamin, United States Sen-
ator fiom Louisiana.
important testimony of senator benjamin—buchanan
notified of governor floyd's system of issuing ac-
ceptances.
Mr. Benjamin, who promptly appeared at the request of
the committee, and testified with commendable and cour-
teous frankness, states that duiing the first session of the
piesent Congress, some twelve or eighteen months ago, he
was written to by the attorney of Duncan, Sherman & Co.,
of New Yoik, and his opinion requested as to the legality
of acceptances issued by Governor Floyd to Russell, Majors
& Waddell. It was mentioned in that letter, that these
''drafts," as they were then called, were offered for nego-
tiation with the assurance that they were issued with the
approbation of the President and Attorney General. Mr.
Benjamin visited the President, and submitted the inquiry
to him. The President replied that he knew nothing about
the matter ; that they had been issued without any knowl-
edge of his ; that he did not know by virtue of what law
they were issued; but that he [Mr. Benjamin] might rely,
if Governor Floyd had issued them, he had issued them
properly, and that he had better apply to him [Governor
Floyd] to ascertain by virtue of what law he was acting.
interview with governor floyd.
In pursuance of this suggestion, Mr. Benjamin called on
Governor Floyd, and was informed by him that the matter
had not been submitted to the Attorney General, as was
stated ; that the drafts were issued in pursuance of a long
established custom of the office ; that ho was not aware of
any law actually authorizing their issue; that he would in-
quire into it; that the acceptances were issued to Russell,
Majors & Waddell only attcr he had ascertained that the
trains for transportation, which they had contractcd to send
from St. Louis to Utah, had actually started on their way;
that the payments were to be made, under the contract, in
installments as the trains arrived at different points; and
that, having received intelligence of the actual departure
of the trains, he had accepted, in advance of their arrival
at the intermediate point, having a certainty that they would
arrive.
" 1 suggested to him," says Mr. Benjamin, " that I thought
he was acting imprudently; that if any accident should
happen to these trains by attacks by Indians, or any other
cause, and they should fail to arrive, it would be impos-
sible tor him to pay the acceptances upon intelligence of
that Met, and that that would give good reasons for com-
plaints and investigations which would be injurious to him,
and I urged Inm to discontinue the practice. Two days
aiterwaids I received a note from him, intorming me that
he was obliged for the frank statement I bad made to him,
and that, upon reflection, he had deteimined he would ac-
cept no more."
governor floyd continues his old habit.
It has been shown that, contrary to the assertion of Gov-
ernor Floyd, no practice of issuing acceptances had ever
prevailed in the War Department previous to its intioduc-
tion by himself; that he issued these acceptances indis-
criminately, and without icference to installments, or the
airival or departure of trains, and without regard to money
which was due. One would naturally expect to find that
Governor Flovd, having been admonished by one whose
position and legal learning gave authority to his advice,
having confessed the illegality of his proceedings, and ex-
pressed a deteimmation to make no further acceptances,
would havepioceeded thereafter with gieat caution and cir-
cumspection, even if he did not entirely discontinue his
piovious policy. It appears, however, that, supposing the
note to Mi. Benjamin, before reterred to, to have been writ-
ten a year a^o, there have been issued by Governor Floyd,
since that time, acceptances to the amount of $<>,163,000,
namelv: In April, $*0,000; jn Mav, 8*250.000; in June,
$350,000; m July, .$03,000; in August, $233,000 ; in Sep-
tember, .<>1:25,000; in October, $270,000. To this amount
must be added the $798,000 ot unconditional acceptances,
of which there is no registry, and the sum total is as above
stated. Only £60.000 of these acceptances have been re-
turned to the War Department, and canceled.
Having had his erior and its consequences distinctly
pointed out, having expressed his intention to refrain, m
future, trom the commission of similar acts, he still pei-
sists in his foimer cour-e, and actually issued an accept-
ance for $135,000, at a date so late anhe 13th of December,
1860. Whether this manifest contempt of counsel, dis-
obedience of law, and violation of a solemn promise, can
be reconciled with purity of private motives, and faithful-
ness to public trusts, is for the House to determine, It is
the opimon of your committee that they cannot.
RECOMMENDATIONS FOR NEW! LEGISLATION.
Your committee have now reported, so far as ascertained,
all the material facts connected with the abstraction or
bonds from the Interior Department, and with a series of
transactions unprecedented in theircharacter, and remark-
able for alternate exhibitions of fraud and folly. J
As one of the results of the examination they have made, A
they submit a bill to provide for the more certain and effect- W
ual punishment of crimes, such as those that have been
brought to their notice, and also amendatory of the second
section of the act of Congiess, approved January 24,1837,
entitled " An act more effectually to enforce the attendance
of witnesses on the summons of either House of Congress,
and to compel them to disclose testimony."
They also beg leave to suggest that the fluctuations of the
stock market, and the delay and uncertainty m the collec-
tion of the interest on the bonds, seem to demand some
further legislation in regard to the Indian trust fund, as a
measure of obvious justice and humanity to the Indians.
All of which is respectfully submitted, on behalf of the
committee. I. N. MORRIS, Chairman.
Mr. PRYOR. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Illinois how many members of the com-
mittee concurred in that report ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. All of them.
Mr. PRYOR. I so understood the gejitleman
from Illinois to state before; but I understand
that all the members of the committee did not
concur in the report.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The report is a
unanimous one. If I am mistaken in this, I am
ready to hear from members of the committee on
the subject.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood that the House
agreed to have the report read, with the under-
standing that it was not to be considered at this
time.
Mr. THOMAS. I will state that there is some
misunderstanding in reference to this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
was distinctly stated that the report was not to be
considered at this time.
Mr. THOMAS. I merely desired to state that
the remark of the gentleman from Virginia re-
quires some explanation; I think, however, it is
possible that I had better defer my remarks upon
the subject until I have had some conference with
the members of the committee.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Very well.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the report will be ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I merely want to
say that I am ready to consider this report at
any time gentlemen of the House may choose to
fix.
Mr. HINDMAN. We are willing to give you
any time you want, if you will just allow us to
go on now.
PACIFIC IvAtLROAD AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration, as
a special order, of the Pacific railroad bill, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish the House to hear me
for one moment in regard to this bill, and I hope
it may expedite the final result upon the Senate
amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the
gentleman proceeds, I dwsire to ask one question.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 hope the gentleman will not
interrupt me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order, then. I wish to know whether
it is in order to move that the House disagree to
all the amendments of the Senate, and ask for a
committee of conference.
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose it is; but I do not
propose to make that motion at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it would
not be in order. Unless that order is dispensed
with by unanimous consent, each amendment
must be considered by itself.
Mr. SICKLES. A very large number of those
amendments relate merely to names, and are en-
tirely unimportant. I suppose, of course, the
House will not quibble with the Senate about the
names of individuals to be inserted. ■*
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will suggest to the
gentleman from Iowa that, as I have an amend-
ment prepared to the first amendment of the Sen-
ate, lie allow me to present it at this time, and he
can then speak to it.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well. I have no objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to say, in reference
! to the suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois,
j that I will not consent to any agreement by which
i the vote shall be taken on the Senate amendments
! as a whole.
