878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that the vote must be taken upon each
amendment separately, unless that course be dis-
pensed with by unanimous consent. Any mem-
ber has a right to require a vote upon each amend-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose the unimportant
amendments may be passed over by unanimous
consent, and the vote taken upon them ill gross.
Mr. BRANCH, I ask that the usual course be
taken,and tlio amendments considered separately.
The SPEAKER. That course will be taken.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish merely to indicate to
the House the course I desire to pursue. The
Senate has made a considerable number of amend-
ments to the bill, most of which I regard as im-
material. They are introduced ill the bill for the
purpose of furnishing guards; which I supposed,
and still believe, were sufficiently provided for in
the original bill as it passed the 'House. But the
amendments being introduced by the Senate, and
not of vital importance, I am disposed to adopt
them. There is one amendment which is of more
importance than any other, which relates to a
northern road.
The difference between two and three roads
seems to be conceived by the Senate as a matter
of no vast importance. It is the difference between
$95,000,000 and ยง125,000,000, which the Govern-
ment is to advance in bonds. I wish the House
to recollect that these bonds are not to be issued
except as the road progresses. They cannotbe all
advanced or required by the directors in less than
ten or fifteen years. There is no money to bo
drawn from the Treasury, and the bonds are all
to be secured by a first mortgage u-pon the roads,
which mortgage must be satisfactory to the At-
torney General. The Government ol the United
States is, therefore, secured in the advances it
makes. These three roads are so far apart that
they will not be competitors, so far as the local
trade is concerned, while they will, as overland
roads, accommodate great sections of the Repub-
lic.
Mr. Speaker, I commenced considering and
laboring for this Pacific railroad with the belief
that one road would answer our purpose, and that
we should press through only one central route.
I have labored at it in Congress for four winters,
and I am now satisfied that we cannot get a Pa-
cific raihoad by adhering to one road, because
local and sectional issues are such, there must
be more than one road to satisfy public expecta-
tion and general interests. The committee of the
House therefore consented to two roads; and thus
the bill went to the Senate of the United Stales,
where a third road was provided for, as we now
find it in the amendments to this bill. These three
roads arc an extreme northern road, an extreme
southern road, and a central road. All sections
of the country will thus be accommodated by the
construction of those three.
In the consideration of the amendments of the
Senate, I am disposed to have them all passed by
the House. I have determined, whenever any
amendment is brought before the House, to move
a concurrence, as I believe that most of the
amendments of the Senate are unimportant; and
as we are at a late period of the session, I trust
that we shall not lose the bill on that account. If
the bill be not altogether satisfactory, it call here-
after be amended. This is a point it is right the
House should take notice of. If it be found, after
a year's reflection and exertions, that there is
anything wrong in the bill, the next Congress
will have an opportunity to correct it; for, by all
amendment of the Senate, all the corporations re-
quired under its provisions are to be referred back-
to Congress, where everything will have to be
considered and approved before any land or bonds
will attach to the company. There is also a pro-
vision in the bill which authorizes a subsequent
Congress of the United States to correct any im-
propriety in the construction growing out of con-
fusion or disturbance in the country. The bonds
would lie of little or no value, and the road could
not go forward, on the basis here proposed. The
integrity of the country is necessary to its pro-
gress. I now move that the House concur in the
first amendment of the Seaate. I will not call for
the previous question, however, because my friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Craig,] who regards this
amendment as materially affecting the interests of
his constituents, desires to submitsorae remarks.
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. Mr. Speaker, while
I have worked as hard for the construction of a
Pacific railroad as thegentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Cuktis,] or any other man upon this floor, yet I
must state my belief that, under the provisions of
this bill as amended by the Senate, no road will
be built upon the southern, the northern, or the
central route. The first amendment of the Senate
starts out, in the absence of information, in the
absence of experiments with instruments, and, no
doubt, against the wishes of those whose money
is to construct thisgreat work, by fixing the start-
ing point upon the western border of the State of
Missouri. It should have been left open to the
whole western border of the State, so that the
best starting point could have been selected. I
can demonstrate upon that map, which stands in
view of the House, that, under the Senate amend-
ments, in getting two hundred miles west of the
Mississippi river, you have to go more than one
hundred and seventy miles out of the way.
In going to a point north of west, the Senate
amendment proposes to run south of west, and
then to the point of destination. By that course,
from the mouth of the Kansas river to Fort Riley,
you will ignore the largest military establishment
m America, and probably in the world. You will
ignore, sir, Fort Leavenworth by running in the
direction of Fort Riley, alittle military establish-
ment that will not furnish a single car-load a
month for transportation. The amendment takes
the road to that small fort and away from Fort
Leavenworth, from which millions and millions
of pounds are sent off every season to the interior
mountain regions, in the direction of New Mex-
ico and the Pacific States. You not only do that;
but by the second amendment of the Senate, when
you get to Fort Riley the road is made to run
north to Fort Kearny. I have a friend in my
eye who may perhaps know the reasons for this
change of route.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman from Missouri explain the reasons why
that amendment was made? I am anxious to
know the reasons which induced the Senate to
put in this amendment which affects us of the
northern States so seriously?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I think I can an-
swer. The distinguished Senator from Missouri,
who offered this amendment in the Senate,resides
in the city of St. Louis; and I have 110 doubt that
he offered it with a view to help his immediate,
constituents. In reference to the starting point,
I do not arraign him for endeavoring to subserve
the inteiests of St. Louis by fixing itat the mouth
of Kansas river. If I lived where he does, per-
haps I would have offered the same amendment;
but the running of the road from the starting
point,at the mouth oflvansas river, to Fort Riley,
and then off to Fort Kearny, could only have
originated in total ignorance of the geography of
the country, or in a desire to ignore the interests
of his constituents m northern Missouii; to ignore
the great central belt of the Union from Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania,to the Missouii river. It does
ignore Philadelphia, llanisbuig, Columbus, In-
dianapolis, and Springfield, and the whole central
belt of States.
That is not all. The roads, as laid down in this
bill, would, in my judgment, prevent any man,
who had a little more than the amount necessary
to subsist his family, from taking any stock.
An amendment less objectionable than the one
moved in the Senate, and which seems specially
intended for the benefit of thp city where he re-
sides, was offered in this House by my colleague
from Missouri who repiesents the city of St.
Louis. That amendment merely fixed the start-
ing point at the mouth of Kansas river, and pro-
vided for the road running westward m the
direction of the central route. Still, sir, that
amendment was voted down in this House by a
vote of three to one.
I submit the following amendment to the first
amendment of the Senate:
Stiike out " and proeeedin<r thence up the valtevof said
river to the vicinity of Fort Kiiey," and, in lieu "thereof,
insert:'' .oh! with a branch trom some eligible point on -;ut!
!j fine, not more than fifty miles west of the Missouri river,
jj to the city of St. Joseph."
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose the amendment
with any view of endangering the passage of the
bill; but, on the contraiy, to insure the concur-
rence of the House 111 the amendment of the Sell-
ate, and the passage of the bill. All I ask in my
amendment is, that the main trunk of the central
road shall start from the mouth of Kansas river,
and take the best route that the instruments will
show. And we ask, for the benefit of fifteen hun-
dred miles of country, running due east from the
point indicated in the amendment, that you shall
give them fifty miles of grant by which they may
plant this.great central railroad, and we will be
content with that. That fifty miles, if consented
to by the House, will open a market for more
American citizens and more American products
than any two hundred miles of railroad on the
American continent. The Senate amendment,as
it is, ignores the entire lake region. The six hun-
dred and fifty miles of grant given by the Senate
amendment will open a market for all these peo-
ple, and make a road which, in my judgment,
will be acceptable to the persons who will have
to furnish the materials for the road, and the road
will be built. It is a poor privilege which we ask;
but it is a privilege that is asked for by more men,
women, money, and persons of this country than
are represented by any thousand miles of that
road and its branches, as it is laid down in the
bill. It is against lunning six hundred miles out
of the way to get away from central Illinois, and
other States in proportion, that we protest.
Mr. FAItNSWORTH. I am in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri to
the amendment of the Senate. I do not, however,
rise to address myself to that amendment, but
simply to express the hope that the House will
non-concur in all the Senate amendments, get a
committee of conference, and frame a bill for a
Pacific railroad which can be passed into a law.
The bill, as it went from this House, was incon-
gruous and bad enough, put through here, as it
was, under the spur of the previous question, and
under a trick of the rules, which cut off all amend-
ments. It has been made infinitely worse by the
amendments of the Senate; and now it is a great,
unwieldy, and incongruous thing, which no man
can expect the Piesident will ever sign, or which
will over build a railroad if it is signed. I venture
to assert that 110 lailroad man who knows any-
thing about railroads and their costcan be fount),
who will say that, under this bill, any stock will
be taken and put into any one of these roads. It
is great nonsense and a waste of time, yea, worse
than a waste of time, for us to engage ill a discus-
sion of this bill, as it has come to us from the Sen-
ate. Therefore, I hope the House will non-concur
in any of these amendments. Let us bring this
matter to a settlement, by getting a committee of
conference to frame a bill for a Pacific lailroad,
with proper guards and provisions, which will
secure its passage through this House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not rise for the
purpose of going into a discussion of the expe-
diency of connecting the Atlantic with the Pacific
by means of a railroad to be constructed by pri-
vate enterprise aided by Federal patronage. The
public judgment has been long since pronounced
m favor of such a measure; and I am in favor of
it. I have been for it since the date of the acqui-
sition of our Pacific possessions, undei the tieaty
of peace with Mexico. I have been in favor of it
as a necessary means of consolidating and inte-
grating our extensive territories, our ocean-bound
Republic, and only awaited the ripeness of time
to embark in it. After ten years of thorough dis-
cussion and searching investigation, the country
has pronounced in favor of it with remarkable
unanimity.
The only question remaining now is, as to the
plan and form of the measure; whether the Gov-
ernment will intervene to assist in the effectua-
tion of the measure, and whether one or more
roads shall be constructed. This is the question.
For myself, inasmuch as private enterprise has
shrunk from espousing the enterprise, alone and
unassisted, for so long a time, I am willing and
even desirous that the Government should succor
it. Hence, sir, I voted for the bill upon its pas-
sage through this House. I voted for it, how-
ever, more on account of its object than on account
of its details. Indeed, I objected to many of its
details as incongruous and ill-advised. I objected
particularly to a multiplication of loads as endan-
gering the project, and as committing the Govern-
ment to too great a liability. Yet I voted for it
as the best I could do under the circumstances.
As was truly observed by my colleague, [Mr.
