1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§70
Farnsworth,] the Senate has made numerous
and cumbrous amendments to the bill. They
have added to the incongruity of the bill, and
committed the Government to still greater ad-
vances of money or land in aid of the enterprise.
They have added another road, to run from Lake
Superior to Puget sound, with a branch to Port-
land, in Oregon. They have fixed one of the
eastern termini of the road at the mouth of the
Kansas river, on the western border of Missouri,
instead of leaving that terminus open for determ-
ination by the company created by the bill. By
this change, they have substituted Westport for
a point on or near the same parallel of latitude—
as St. Joseph, in Missouri. I say the latter
point, because it seems to have been generally
conceded that all the considerations of business,
population, and centrality, would have designated
that point. In this the public interest was sub-
ordinated to local views, and the dictation of a
single city—St. Louis. I regret all this; not that
I am unfriendly to St. Louis, but on account of
higher considerations—the convenience and ac-
commodation of the country at large.
I am in favor of one road — a great central
road, which, with the roads now in operation,
shall connect the two oceans; but I am in favor
of leaving the line of that .road to be located by
the practical intelligence of private judgment. I
would not have Congress to locate it by accidental
or competing combinations on this floor. Such
a location must, except by accident, be injudi-
cious and objectionable.
Moreover, 1 believe with my colleague, that the
multifarious and multiform purposes of this bill,
as amended by the Senate, cannot be accom-
plished under its sanction. In its present form,
it will almost certainly prove impracticable. It is
a monstrous medley, which will repel capitalists
from supporting it by embarking their capital and
endeavors in favor of it. No discreet capitalist
will adventure his fortune upon so rickety and
leaky a bottom. If any should be found willing
to embark upon it, it will only be those who will
rely upon the Government rather than upon them-
selves, for a safe deliverance.
1 am in favor of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Craig,] as I understand
it; but I think it might be improved. The bill, as
it passed the House, contemplated two branches—
eastern branches to the central road—one starting
from the western border of Missouri, the other
starting from the western border of Iowa, the two
branches to unite at an eligible point near the bor-
ders of those States. The gentleman's amend-
ment proposes to preserve this arrangement, in
part. If in order, I would amend his amendment,
by striking out that portion of the Senate amend-
ment to which it relates, and substituting one
road, a single road, for all the roads proposed by
the bill—a road starting from the western border
of the frontier States of the Mississippi or Mis-
souri valley, and running westerly, upon a line to
be determined by the company, to San Francisco,
or to the navigable waters of the Sacramento, in
California. I would leave the point of departure
from the western border and the intermediate line
to its western termination, to be fixed by the
practical judgment of the company—of course
restricting their discretion, in general terms, to
the most eligible route between the eastern and
western termini of the road.
Such a road could be built, in reasonable time,
upon the basis of this bill, by the union of indi-
vidual enterprise and capital with the largess of
the Government; and such a road would answer
all exigent purposes for the present, and would
facilitate the construction of other expedient roads
in due time. I am for such a road, and will vote
for it most heartily; nay, as I have already said,
I will vote—though with some reluctance—for the
bill as it passed the House; but drugged with the
Senate amendments I do not think I can vote for
it. Such a road would, in my judgment, satisfy
all reasonable public expectation; more, the pub-
lic sense would probably condemn.
Independent of the inherent defects of the meas-
ure as it now stands before us, there are other
consideiations of grave magnitude that should
warn us against it. ^What is the condition of the
country at this time? We are upon the cataract
of a revolution which has swept six States from
their constitutional moorings, and which may
carry with it still greater evils and aggravations.
The pecuniary credit of the Government is im-
paired; we are already in debt, and forced to bor-
row more and more money to keep the Govern-
ment in operation—to keep it upon its legs. Under
these circumstances, I am opposed to encumber-
ing the Government with any unnecessary indeht-
rnent. I am opposed to extending its operations
in any experimental form involving a still further
strain of its credit. Let us be sure of our contin-
ued national existence before we launch oft' upon
a treacherous sea of experimental speculation.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Illinois allow me here to suggest that,
after the vote is taken on my amendment, the
question will be upon concurring in tho Senate
amendment, and a non-concurrence therewith will
be tantamount to his amendment. That vote
must be taken, at any rate, after the vote is taken
upon my proposition.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not know that I
shall have an opportunity to offer my amendment,
unless it be offered to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the House non-
concur in the Senate amendment, you will accom-
plish the objcct oryour amendment, exactly.
The SPE'AKER. That will be the first ques-
tion after the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri is disposed of.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Illinois will
allow mo to suggest that this bill is to be consid-
ered in the House, and the previous question can
be demanded on each amendment; and, under the
new rule, the previous question exhausts itself
on the single amendment. But there never can
be more than two amendments offered if the pre-
vious question is called on tho whole bill. If the
gentleman from Missouri calls the previous ques-
tion on his amendment to the first amendment of
the Senate, the previous question will exhaust
itself when the vote shall have been taken on his
amendment, and the amendment of the Senate
will still be open to further amendment. If the
gentleman from Illinois will allow me, I desire to
say a word further in reply to the remark made
by his colleague, [Mr. Farnsworth.] I have
heard the remark frequently made upon this floor
that this bill passed the House " under the trick
of the rules," as it is called, and under the pre-
vious question; and that no opportunity was af-
forded to amend it. That is a great mistake. The
bill could have been amended in Committee of the
Whole, in any way that gentlemen desired to
amend it. The original bill was read through by
sections, and was open to amendment. Cut, be-
cause gentlemen chose to leave it until it was too
late, they charge the fault upon the trick of the
rules, and say the bill was put through under the
spur of the previous question, when really it was
their own ignorance of the rules that prevented
them from amending the bill. The bill could have
been amended and perfected in anyway thatany
gentleman desired. But, because they chose to
wait until it was too late, they charge it upon a
trick of the rules that the bill passed the House
in such a cumbersome form.
Now, I admit that there were some things in
the bill, as it passed the House, which might have
been improved. I am in favor of one road or
three. 1 should be content with one; but if there
are to be more roads than one, I am in favor of
th rec.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to say a single
word or two m conclusion, before I yield the floor.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman
allow me to say a word in relation to this central
route ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Certainly.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. In the first place, the
centra] route—or that portion of the Pacific rail-
road which is intended to connect with_ the city
of Philadelphia, and those cities that lie in the
same parallel of latitude—is of such a character as
ought to preclude the possibility of the adoption
of the amendment of the Senate. It necessitates
all the travel and all the trade of that region to
diverge southward to the city of St. Louis; from
St. Louis it turns northward to the mouth of the
Kansas river; from the mouth of the Kansas river
it takes a southwest course again to Fort Riley;
thence it goes almost directly northward for a
space of from three to five hundred miles, over a
country most parts of which are as barren as the
aesert of Sahara, to Fort Kearny; then it turns
in a southwesterly direction to Denver City, and
then it again turns northwestwardly to Bridger's
Pass, and thus through the mountains. This would
give to the middle States, to the city of Philadel-
phia, and the other cities on the same line, a con-
nection with the Pacific ocean atleast five hundred
miles longer than any other route that could be
adopted cither north or south, accommodating no
trade and no travel, and affording no advantages
whatever of a commercial character.
Why this is done, I cannot explain, unless it
is intended by the gentlemen from New England
and the Lakes, and the gentlemen from St. Louis,
to combino their forccs to cut off all trade along
the middle line of these great States of theUnion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make an appeal to the gentleman from Iowa before
I yield the floor. I voted for the bill as it passed
the House. It has been so amended by the Sen-
ate that I cannot vote for it now. He has already
stated, in the hearing of the House, that he him-
self disapproves of many of the amendments of
the Senate. I ask him whether he had not better
stand up against amendments he condemns, and
insist upon the bill as it passed the House, and
trust to the chances of its success? Let me say
to him that he had better not exchange the true
friends of the measure in the House for enemies
in the Senate; for many of these amendments, I
have reason to believe, were made by the Senate
in a spirit of hostility to the measure. But the
gentleman says, unless we concur in these amend-
ments, we may lose the bill. Letme say to him,
if we do concur, we will be in still greater dan-
ger of losing it. Let us maintain the bill as it
should be, and if the President should veto it,
we will be justified by the judgment and sense of
the country. If we simplify the bill by curtail-
ing the'liabilities which are to be imposed upon
the Government, and confine it to one great cen-
tral road, upon a line corresponding with the
parallel of latitude on which the greatest weight
of population is to be found-—in the great States
of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri, all will be well; the road will be con-
structed, and the people will be satisfied.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to say something in
opposition to this amendment. Half a dozen
speeches have been made in favor of it.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. As the gentleman
from Iowa has indicated a purpose to call the pre-
vious question, I desire to say a few words before
he addresses the House.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well. I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I know very well
how the gentleman from Iowa feels about the
pending amendment of the Senate. I know that
lie is opposed to it; but the fear that he will lose
his last two years'work—and I admit that he has
worked faithfully—induees him to agree to bad
amendments of the Senate with a hope of getting
them lopped off by the next Congress. I tell the
gentleman that he is trying a dangerous experi-
ment. The company that he contemplates will
never be organized under this bill.
Now, I am sure that, if the gentleman from
Iowa thought that any one of the amendments
ofthe Senate—and I believe there are forty-five of
them—would be non-concurred in, he would speak
and vote with me against this amendment of the
Senate that I am now trying to get modified; but
a belief that he can put through the bill with all
the Senate amendments, induces my friend to op-
pose me in this modification. I tell him now, that
after we shall have passed this point, we cannot
go back. The bill will certainly have to go back
to the Senate on a number of the amendments;
and I ask him now to talk to the House as ho
feels about this amendment, and to ask the House
to join himself and me in adopting my modifica-
tion.
If he does not .do that, the amendments made
by the Senate, and to which he is opposed, will
be voted down. At least some of the amendments
of the Senate will be non-concurred in; and all the
dangers which he apprehends from the bill hav-
ing to go baclc to the Senate, will have to be in-
curred; and then he cannot go back to correct the
error oil this vital matter. I ask the gentleman
from Iowa to reflect that all of these amendments
cannot possibly be concurred in by the House.
Why not, therefore, when he knows that my
amendment to the Senate amendment is fair and
