880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
just, and called for by a larger business interest
than is represented in any of the Senate amend-
ments; when he knows tnat it will accommodate
more trade and commerce and travel than any
other amendment offered—why does he not, I say,
give his adhesion to this righteous amendment,
which I know is favored by his heart and judg-
ment? The gentleman from Iowa flatters himself
with the hope that the House will concur in all of
these forty-five Senate amendments, and that he
can thereby save his bill; but he entirely deceives
himself on that point. I ask him now to come
to the rescue, and save my amendment.
^ Mr. PRYOR. I do not rise to debate this ques-
tion; not at all. I am persuaded, Mr. Speaker,
that no speech, whatever might be its ability,
could even impede the passage of this bill; stilil
do feet it incumbent on me, as a Representative
from Virginia, to enter my protest against a meas-
ure for which there is not a particle of warrant in
the Constitution; against a measure which con-
templates the achievement of the most chimerical
object; against a measure involving an expendi-
ture which no contrivance of mathematical calcu-
lus can ascertain. Is this the time, when the rapid
consolidation of the Government is already pre-
cipitating the disruption of the Confederacy, to
augment Federal power by fastening on the Gov-
ernment an excrescence greater in magnitude and
influence than ever the East India Company was
in the palmiest day of its power? Chimerical, I
say, is the idea of traversing, by a triple railway,
boundless deserts, where nothing is heard but the
howl of the wild beast and the yell of the more
intractable savage—a chimerical measure, in com-
parison with which the Colossus of Rhodes or the
Pyramid of Cheops sink intp insignificance. Are
we now, when our utmost energies and resources
are engrossed in the endeavor to support the Gov-
ernment which we have, and maintain the terri-
tory we possess—is this the time to inaugurate so
stupendous an enterprise ?
When your Treasury is bankrupt; when you
have not money in your exchequer with which
to discharge the petty debts due the menials in
your employ; when your credit is exhausted, and
the Federal Government proposes to travel over
the length and breadth of the Union a mendicant,
for the indorsement of the States to sustain it; is
this, I say, the time to inaugurate an enterprise
involving so much expense, and the consumma-
tion of which I believe to be impracticable ? With
these suggestions, and wishing to bring the mat-
ter to ii closc, I move to lay ail the amendments
on the table.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will that carry the
bill to the table?
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Stanton in
the chair.) The motion carries the bill with it.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to suspend his motion for a moment, that
I may make a reply. I think it is but fair that
such an attack on the bill of a general nature
should be mrt.
Mr. PRYOR. I have every disposition to ac-
commodate the gentleman from New York; but
inasmuch as lie can have an opportunity to reply
hereafter, I must, with all respect, insist on my
motion.
The question being on Mr. Pryor's motion,
Mr. I*RY0R called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 39, nays 111; as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. William C. Anderson, Bocock, Branch,
Brown, Burnett, Cim-y, Horace F. Clark, Burton Ciaigc,
English,Gamett, JohnT. Ranis, Ha-kin, Flolnian, Hushes,
Jenkins, lOlbei t S. Martin, Millson, Morrill, Niblack, Noell,
rholps, Pryor, Rig^, James C. Robinson, Royco, Jluffiu,
Ru>t, William N. II. Smith, tStPvenss, Stevenson. Stokes,
Thomas, Vance, Van Wyek, Walton, Webster, Wluteley,
Window, and Wright—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Al-
len, Alley, Thoma> L. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Barr,
Bariet, Bingham, Blair, Blake. Boteler, Brabson, Bravton.
Briggx., Bn-toiv, Buffinton, Bureh, Burltngamc, Campbell,
Case, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Collax, Conway, Cor-
vvin, Oovode, Cox, James Craig, Cuius, H. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Dufill, Dunn, Edgeuon, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Eth-
Fain^w'orth, Fonton, Florence, Foster, Fouke,
Frank, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morrison
Harris, ifulmick, Ilindman, William Howard, William A.
Howard. Irvuic, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, Kcn>on, Kil-
gore. Kiiiingor, DeWitt C. Leach, Loonns, Lovttjny, Mai-
Jory, Mansion, MeClernand, MeKean,McKenty, Millwaid,
Montgomery, Moorhead, Edward Jay Morris, Isaac n!
Morri<, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Palmer, Pettit, Porter, Pot-
ter, QuarJes, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Scott, Scranton,
Sedgwiefc, Sherman, Sickles, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
l iVitlttllS.
•eferenfce
William Stewart, Stout, iStrattonjTappan,Theaker, Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, EJHhu B. Washburne, Wilson, Wmdoni,
Woodruff, and Woodson—111
So the House refused to lay the amendments
op the table.
During the vote,
Mr. LARRABEE stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Logan on this measure, for this after-
noon.
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, was confined to his room by in-
disposition, and that he would, if present, vote
"ay" on this motion.
Mr. LEAKE stated that he had paired on this
occasion with Mr. Tiiayer; that Mr. Thayer
would have voted " no" on this question, and he
(Mr. L.) would have voted " ay."
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davis, was detained at his room by indisposi-
tion.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed House Gill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending the 30th June, 1862, with sundry
amendments,in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. Letthese Senate amendments
be referred to theCommittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to their reference
out of their regular order.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL—AGAIN
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that the vote just taken
will be regarded as a test vote; and that the op-
ponents of the bill will recognize thatit is impos-
sible for them to defeat the bill, and will therefore
allow the friends of the measure to go on and per-
fect it as well as they can.
Now, in regard to the amendment of my friend
from Missouri, I confess there is no man asso-
ciated with me in this measure who has worked
harder or more faithfully than he has done; and
therefore, I dislike to oppose any propostion of
his. But still, I must present this amendment in
its proper light. This is a controversy, as any
one can see, between two great lines of railroad
running through Missouri; the one is called the
Pacific railroad, and the other the Hannibal and
St. Joseph. My friend [Mr. Craig] represents
a constituency which is more directly interested
in the latter. There is also a conflict between two
cities—the city of St. Louis and the city of St.
Joseph. Kansas City is almost directly west of
St. Louis; and therefore the Senators from Mis-
souri insisted upon Kansas City being made one of
the points of this road; so that St. Louis would be
sure to have an easy and certain connection by
the so-called Pacific road.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. One of the Sena-
tors from Missouri voted for that amendment
under a misapprehension of the geography; but
he is now anxious for the adoption of my amend-
ment. My colleague [Mr. Woodson] who rep-
resents the district near the mouth of the Kansas
river is also in favor of it.
Mr. CURTIS. I did think that the fairest way
would have been to leave the point open, specify-
ing only the western border of Missouri or Iowa,
and let all the different railroads compete for the
terminus on the western frontier of those two
States.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Iowa permit me?
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am not partic-
ularly interested in any of those roads; but I want
to make a suggestion. I propose to strike out all
after the words " said river" in the seventh line,
up to and including the word "Riley," in the
ninth line, and to insert:
Thence up ilie Missouri valley to or near the fortieth par-
allel of north latitude.
That will accommodate all parties.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have no objection
to take that.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Craig-J anticipated very properly my view
of this matter, that, in order to secure the bill, we
had better take the amendments adopted by the
Senate; and afterwards, if they prove to be too
much of an incumbrance, we can get rid of them
by further legislation at another Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, two points have been made
in the Senate. Through the efforts of the Sen-
ators from Missouri, the point at or near the
mouth of the Kansas has been obtained for the
interest of St. Louis; and for some reason they
have also put in Fort Riley as a point. This
last point is, perhaps, one degree south of a due
west line from the mouth of the Kansas.
Now, sir, one gentleman [Mr. Montgomery]
has said that this route is thus made a most ex-
traordinary zig-zag line. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania says it first runs northwest, then
southwest, then north, then west, then south; and
in that way he made it appear a perfect abortion.
Now, what are the facts? The Senate amendment
has fixed Kansas City as a starting point. From
thence the route proceeds almost due west, per-
haps, as I have said, one degree south of west, to
Fort Riley; from whence, Fort Kearny being
made a point, the route proceeds in a northwest-
erly direction. From that point there is no ma-
terial change of direction to the Salt Lake valley,
and thence to California; all the way near the
latitude of 410, and in a very direct line.
The other branch, for Iowa, still remains the
same as in the House bill, starting from some
point on the western border of the State of Iowa:
The two branches are straight lines, one starting
from Missouri and the other from Iowa; and they
are so arranged as to start, one north and the other
south of the point occupied by my friend from
Missouri. If they will only continue tho, Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road in a direct line, until it
intercepts either branch of the Pacific road, they
will have a better line then than any one from St.
Louis; and they will have the same advantages
that all the roads in Iowa will have when they
are prolonged, as they will all come within the
angle of these two lines which embrace both States.
Now, gentlemen undertake to say that the whole
North—the whole Lake country—is going to be
ignored. "Why, sir, the roads running from Chi-
cago through northern Illinois, if they are pro-
longed as they are now being extended, will also
come within this angle; and'thercfore, I say that
all the lines running west from Chicago and from
St. Louis,and all eastand west lines between these
cities, and therefore the main lines through Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, between lat-
itude 38o and 41° north latitude, will come within
this angle, and will all be accommodated; and any
of them can claim to be the main Pacific route just
as-fairly as those on any exterior line can claim
that advantage.
But the gentleman says they will have to build
their own Pacific railroad. Well, sir, it will be
doing just as we in Iowa have had to do. We
have some six orseven lines of road running from
east to west through the State of Iowa, and they
have all to be prolonged to meet this main line,
and enjoy the advantage of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The gentleman will
remember that Iowa has received land grants for
her roads to the extent of millions of acrrs from
the Government. We have had to build ours
without.
Mr. CURTIS. And so has Missouri received
lands. I hope, therefore, the gen tie man from Mis-
souri will not insist on putting in his amendment.
I should have been very glad if it had remained
as the House passed it. 1 should have preferred
to see it remain an open question as to the start-
ing point on the western border of Missouri, as is
the case in regard to Iowa. But I see plainly that
Senators will insist upon this particular amend-
ment;and I shall therefore vote for it in the House,
and hope it will be adopted.
In regard to the complaint that this bill is very
incongruous and very elaborate, I have just this to
say: I doubtthe capacity of every man m this House
togetupabill that will be human perfection. Iam
very sorry that some of the honorable gentlemen
who are colleagues of mine on the committee, if
they can see incongruitiesin the bill now, did not
see them at the time when the bill was under con-
sideration in committee, and have them stricken
out. This bill has been amended and amended
over and over again for the last two yeais; ail its
merits have been discussed,and all its details have
been considered in detail by special committees
