1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. o® Reps.
acting for itself; and commissioners should then
be appointee] by each, to meet in general confer-
ence of all the border States; and they should agree
upon an ultimatum as to the preservation and
security of their disputed rights; and if not agreed
to, they should at once take steps to combine and
make common cause with the southern confed-
erated States. I have a faint hope that the pre-
vailing elements north, which have grown to be
so formidable, may begin to dissolve, and will
not have the hardihood to stand out against our
united action; and should they not acknowledge
our just demands, the northern people may, when
the question is submitted to them, after what has
already occurred, place their seal of condemna-
tion upon the traitors who have destroyed their
peace, as well as outraged us.
But if we take no action, but fold our arms in
stohd indifference and inertness, like men not
knowing what to do or which way to turn—that
inaction, recollect, necessarily results favorably
to the North, and is but inferential acquiescence
in their aggressions—the division which has oc-
curred will become chronic; a dissolution of the
Union permanentand afixed and unalterable fact;
and Maryland and the other border States, allies
of a northern confederacy, under a Constitution
which, according to their interpretation, allows
them to banish us from all Territories and to
refuse to return our fugitive slaves, and by moral
suasion, at least, teach us and our children that
Abolitionism is a great blessing. May Heaven
save us from their patronizing kindness! The
position of our State under such a programme will
be one of degradation; from being a proud equal
in a Confederacy of sovereign States, she will
bccomc a field for the display of the Abolition mis-
sionaries of the North; a reproach to our brethren
of the South, and a plaything for unscrupulous
politicians on their own soil who have northern
affinities. May a kind Providence save us from
such utter prostitution and degradation of her
monumental city, supporting the gorgeous towers
row consecrated to the everlasting memory of her
heroic sires and warlike sons. In such case, that
city becomes a waste, and weeds and the grass
of desolation will surround her columns; her
maits of trade will be deserted; bats and owls will
take possession of her high places.
The State of Maryland ought to have been in
convention long ago, with a view of taking part
in this great drama of a nation's fate, when the
settlement of these mighty questions between the
sections is being discussed by thegrcatest minds;
and should, under the authority of her sovereign
people—not a mere acting Governor—be prepared
to meet any turn in the tide of public affairs; it
might be to act as a pacificator; and if her coun-
sels in the right direction were not heeded, be
ready, with her southern sisters, to vindicate, by
the firmest and most decided action, her great con-
stitutional rights. In the war of the Revolution
the position of Maryland was not on the fence or
out of the fight, but her men were foremost where
the battle was thickest. A fearful reckoning in
the future awaits all those time-serving and short-
sighted calculators and managers who have re-
sisted all reasonable efforts to enable our gallant
State to vindicate, as did our forefathers, our fire-
sides, soil, and institutions, from the aggressions
of a relentless and fanatical foe.
My judgment has been all along well satisfied
that, by firmness on the part of the South, and
unity in our action, wo could save our institutions
and preserve the great constitutional landmarks
for the entn^ country from further desecration,
and transmit to those who are to succeed us_ the
great principlesofoiviland religious liberty. Now,
by our unfortunate divisions south, we have to
trust (o the chapter of accidents, and God only
knows where we shall land. A hollow truce may
be agreed upon: hut, as matters stand, there will
be no permanent settlement.
Whv should th<- S'-uth be denied the right to
o o into" any of tin* T<-i 11 tones with their property;
nay, why should they not be permitted to travel
find sojourn, with their domestics, ifthey thought
protvi, onywhere utulet the Fcdeial flag.'' And
why, as :< matter of fan reciprocity, should not
any man m the North, if he had the means, and
prefi'iivd to hav<; iif^to slaves for his domestic
servants, have that right, even in a northern Stater
That is their own business; but I am sure the
South would not object. I think they would have
been better off and had more social comfort, bar-
ring the efforts of the Abolitionists to annoy them,
and doubt not it would have improved their morals
and added to their stock of common sense. If
the African slave trade for a time was opened, just
for the benefit of the North and to supply them
with servants to a moderate extent, (and I think
it possible the South mightagree to open the trade,
for the enlightenment and benefit of our northern
friends,) I think it likely it would not only add
to their social comfort, but much improve their
moral system. We desire no such thing for the
South, because wo have a sufficiency. I want no
white man to black my boots, or clad in livery to
drive my carriage. Give me the disciplined and the
well-contented negro forsuch employment. Sam-
bo is a great institution, and must not be ignored.
The white men of the North, if they will allow me
to make a suggestion to them, ought not to allow
themselves to be thus used by the"gentry, who, if
they will not employ Cuffy, ought to be icquiied
to drive their own teams, brush their own clothes,
and black their own boots.
If there be such an irreconcilable difference in
the institutions desirable to the North and to the
South that their wisest men and coolest patriots
cannot agree upon some amicable basis of settle-
ment, by which we can all live together without
officious interference with the affairs of our neigh-
bors, why, then, of course, no Government can
ever be successfully carried on with such conflict-
ing forces, and each section and both will get along
better by separate and distinct systems, adapted
to the peculiar wants, wishes, and circumstances
of each. If the discreet and patriotic men of all
sections of the country were got together by their
best representative men, in anational convention,
to ascertain if such revision in our systems as 1
have adverted to could not be made, wo might
then learn if these differences could not be ad-
justed; and if not. reasonable terms of equitable
separation could be agreed upon, one would think.
As to any settlement made by the politicians now
on the surface, and under the excitement per-
vading the public mind, I have but little confi-
dence; whoever has read history to any purpose,
must have discovered that Governments ar£ con-
stantly changing, both as to their identity and
modification, and all experience demonstrates that
there is scarcely any that can be said to be fixed
and perpetual.
I believe our system, if it can be carricd outas
designed by our illustrious ancestors who founded
it, would stand as good a chance for longevity as
any other; that is, if the General Government
will keep strictly within constitutional limitations,
and the States are regarded as sovereignties and
their reserved rights not invaded, and mutual for-
beaiance and respect exhibited by all practically,
it is possible the complex Government might sur-
vive many years. Hut it is lamentably true that
the Federal Government lias, by process of time
and uncongenial development of its giand pro-
portions, and its tendency to enlargement of Us
powers to profligacy and corruption in the dispen-
sation of the spoils, become a vast, massive, ovcr-
f shadowing, and unmanageable concern, threat-
ening, by its colossal poweis, to annihilate all
I State lines and State sovereignty; and instead
j thereof establish, and by the power of the swoid,
! practically, if necessary, a consolidated and re-
' lentless empire, to be controlled by a lawless,
reckless, and fanatical crew, inspired by hopes of
plunder, and traitors to all the best and manifold
, interests of a Confederacy composed of equal
i States. Certainly, without a wholesome change
and corrective, any far-seenig patriot may wtil
despair of beholding our system revolve m the
orbit onginally prescribed by its wise founders.
In the South, I believe, with our pro-slavery
institutions, and from the character of our people
 a oreat planting and agricultural community—
if weaiv true to ourselves, and allow no departure
from established principle, when all constitutional
liberty is but an empty name, under the tendency
of the Federal system as I have described it there
is a recuperative power to preserve, in its purity,
the great boon of constitutional and well-regu-
lated government in their section; and, although
separated from the Noith, our example may react
beneficially upon that section, and aid them, if
they will profit by the lesson. If they do not,
should they persist in their fanaticism, radicalism,
outlawry, disregard of our constitutional, legal,
or judicial restraints, they will soon find another
feature developing itself—-agrarianism—and they
must, to be relieved from that, organize a strong
military government. I would sooner see the boon
of constitutional liberty, provided for us all by our
sagacious forefathers, secured now and forever to
every section, and that all might enjoy its bless-
ings and rest quietly under such a banner;, but I
must confess, without great and pervading im-
provement in the public sentiment of the North,
and higher regard for constitutional right, and
a more elevated standard of public morals, and
closer appreciation of the true landmarks of free
government, I have no abiding confidence that
they can be accomplished. We must take care
of ourselves; and I am well satisfied that, by firm-
ness and resolute and uncompromising defense of
our own right of government and otherwise, and
by not permitting ourselves to be demoralized
by northern fanaticism, wc may preserve in its
purity the vestal fire, sustain civil and religious
liberty, and all the manifold blessings of a consti-
tutional, orderly, and well-regulated Government.
That problem is now to be solved; and all these
disturbing questions should be settled in this our
day, and not be turned over to vex our children
under aggravated difficulties and confounded and
accumulated troubles.
Mr. Speaker, I go, therefore, for a complete
settlement, either to be inaugurated here, or for a
reference to the people of all the States, cach one
having its own convention, and then a general
convention of all, under which our system shall
be carefully revised; and if the maladies now dis-
turbing the body-politic are past the cure of all
remedies, then we must accept the necessity that
dictates the alternative of a separation, and upon
such terms that every international matter be-
tween the States shall be fairly adjusted in a spirit
of amity, justice, and good neighborhood. War,
ay, civil war, a war with brethren, is, to my mind,
the most direful of all calamities. May a kind
Heaven grant that the country, the whole coun-
try, and every part, may be spared from such hor-
rors ! In this age of civilization—when the school-
master is abroad, and the iron horse, and the
lightning telegraph—if the American people were
deliberately to wage war, it would afford the
strongest evidence that they had become demented
and God-forsaken, and given over to worse than
Egyptian darkness.
The talk of coeicingsovereign Statesand whole
sections of people, numbering millions upon mil-
lions, is the wildestof all vagaries; and by a Gov-
ernment, too, having an Army merely as a sort of
posse comitatut, a skeleton force ofsome fifteen thou-
sand men, all told, with no money in the Treas-
ury, and not much in the pockets of the people.
W"lienProvidcnce,byits bounties,invites the hus-
bandman to seed time and harvest—the northern
man to plant his corn and reap his wheat, the mid-
dle man his tobacco and hemp and other varieties
of product, the southern man lus sugar, cotton,
&c., where will any of them, except the loafers
and filibusters, find the leisure time to engage in
strife, in exploits upon a battle field where no
laurels are to be gathered? No, sir; you may
enlist northern men to fight a foreign enemy,
because they know, m such a contest, gallantry
may be displayed; but when you call upon them
and their chivalnc spirits to march in a war
against brethren of their own household, I tell you
it" will be like calling spirits fiom the vasty deep-,
thev will not come,"take my word for it. No man
who takes a calm survey of the whole field, and
who has reflected upon all the consequences, will
be bold enough to advance such a doctrine, you
may depend upon it. No, sir; these difficulties
that now surround us require different treatment;
they are not to be settled by the sword, nor at the
point of the bayonet. They require the calmest,
coolest, and the most dispassionate management
on the part of the patriots everywhere who re-
gard constitutional liberty. As for filibusters,
crazy spu its,and believersm spiritualism—which,
by the by, I am told is the case with Lincoln —
they are not the persons to settle such setious
disputes.
