TUP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
payment stipulated and guarantied under the third
article of the convention.
The bill appropriates a sufficient sum to pay
the compensation of the officers, the contingent
expenses of the commissioner on the part of the
United States, the compensation and expenses of
the umpire under the convention, -which is re-
quired to be defrayed by the United States; and
likewise the awards which may be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ob-
serves, and regrets 10 observe, general and loud
conversation in all parts of the galleries. The
Chair has now to announce that that conversation
must be entirely suspended. It interferes seriously
with the progress of the business of the body.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. Let me perfect the bill.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to propose an amendment.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senator that,
representing the Committee on Foreign Relations,
who reported the bill, I should be allowed to per-
fect it first, and then he can move his amendments
afterwards.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
Mr. MASON. In section three there are two
blanks. The first is for the compensation of the
commissioner. This bill, mutatis mutandis, is pre-
cisely similar to the bill for the same character of
claims against the Government of Paraguay. The
duration of the commission to adjust the claims
against the Republic of Paraguay was limited, by
the terms of the treaty, to three months, and Con-
gress, m raising that commission, fixed the com-
pensation of the commissioner at $1,500. Thcie
is a letter here from the Department, accompany-
ing the convention, dated the 22d of January, in
which the Secretary says:
*• The act of May ltf, 1860, to carry into efTeet the con-
vention between t?fe United States and the Republic of Par-
aguay, would, it is believed, cover ihe stipulations of the
convention; but it was difficult to find a person ol suitable
► qualifications to accept the office of commissioner UHder
the convention with Paniguay at the low talc of compen-
sation which was provided by the act carr\ nig it into effect.
It ic3 consequently sug^e^ted thai, as the commission under
the convention with Costa Rica—"
It refers equally to New Granada—
" Is authorial) to be extended to nine month", the pay of
the commissioner should be at the rate or'§3,000 a year."
I remember very well, as other Senators re-
member, that several gentlemen were invited to
act ascommjssiopprs in the case of Paraguay, and
declined it. U is important that we should have
a competent man 1 move, therefore, in accord-
ance with the suggestion of the Secretary, to fill
that blank with " &2,5G0."
Mr. GWIN. 1 suggest to the Senator, why
not make it the amount which the Secretary rec-
ommended—$3,000? This is a very important
office.
Mr MASON. Allow me one moment. It is
rather more than the Secretary recommended, to
avoid fractions. The Secretary iccommended
compensation at the late of $3,000; but as the
commission is to continue only nine months, this
sum is at a  ate rather more than that.
Jbe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia moves to amend by filling the blank
with "$2,500."
Mr. UW IN. I suggest to the Senator who rep-
resents the committee, that nine months is a very
short period in which to transact all this business.
There are claims to the amount of $600,000 in Cal-
ifornia. I am very sorry that limitation is in the
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The next blank is in line six
of the third section, u for services of secretary and
interpreter." The law requires that that secretary
shall be versed in the English and Spanish lan-
guages, requiring a peculiar sort of man. I move
to fill that blank with $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. In behalf of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, I wish to move a further
amendment; to strike out of section seven the fol-
lowing words:
" Not exceeding, in the amount awarded any one citizen,
the sum of $1,000."
Mr. SEWARD. It was thought there was no
necessity for that discrimination in the bill.
Mr GREEN. That is the identical amend-
ment I intended to propose. *
B£r. SEWARD. I ftfways think, when I come
to the same conclusion with the honorable Sen-
ator, that I am sure to be right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASO'N. Since this bill was reported,
the necessity has arisen for a similar convention
to adjust claims that have been admitted by the
Republic of Costa Rica; and I therefore offer, as
an amendment to this bill, exactly the same pro-
visions, to carry out the convention with Costa
Rica, as are contained in the bill to carry out the
convention with New Granada. I offer it as an
amendment to this bill in order that both may be
provided for in the same bill:
Sec. 9. That the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint
a commissioner, whose duty it shall be, conjointly with
a commissioner appointed by the Government of Costa
Itica, to investigate, adjust, and determine the amount of
the claims of citizens of the United States against the Gov-
ernment of Cpsta Rica, pursuant to the terms of a conven-
tion signed at San Jose, on the Qd day of July, I860.
Sec. 10. Arul be iljurther enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the commissioner for whose appointment provision
is made by this act, shall he, in full lor ins services, $—;
and the President of the United States -shall he, and he is
hereby, authorized to make such provision for the contin-
gent expenses of the said commission on the part of the
United States as shall to him appear reasonable and pioper.
Sec. II. Jlndhe it fartker enacted, That the said com-
missioner on the part of the United States, in conjunction
with the commissioner on the part of Costa Rie.i, shall be,
and he is heieby, authorized to make ail needful rules and
iemulations tor conducting the business of their said com-
mission ; such rule and regulations not contravening the
Constitution of the United State?., the provisions of tins act,
or the provisions of the said convention.
Siic. 1:1 And be il further enredei. That the Secretary of
State is hereby autliotized and icquned to tiansmit to the
said commissioner such papers or rccouls idating to the
said commission as he may deem pioper, oi as maybe
called for by the said commissioner^, and at the termina-
tion of the commission, all the ieeoids, documents and all
other paper* which have been brought before the commis-
sioners, or winch may be in possesion of their secretary,
shall be deposited in the Department ot State: Provided,
That this section shall not be so construed as to prevent
the commissioner on the patt of Costa ttiea fiom deposit-
ing in the said Depaitment ceitified copies or duplicates
oi papeis filed on bchalt of his Government, instead oi oii-
gumlrf.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted* That upon suggestion
by any claimant that a witness whose testimony may be
deemed important to him, let uses or is unwilling to testify
in legard to his claim, n shall bo competent for said hoard
of commissioners to i^ue a commission to some suitable
person to take the testimony of such witness, and such
witness may be compelled to appearand testify before such
commissioners m the same manner as ts now provided by
law in theea*e of commissions issued from the courts of the
United States.
See. 14. Ami he it further enacted. That for Ihe compen-
sation of the cfmnnHMon aurhonzcd b\ the first section,
and thoeontunrent evpen^es ol the commission on the part
of the United State-, and for the compensation and ex-
penses of the umpire under the said convention, which arc
requited to bcdefiaved by the United States,such sums as
m;iy be necessary he, and they hereby are, appropriated,
out of any money m the Treasury not othenvi&e appiopii-
ated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ob-
serves certain blanks in this amendment. Docs
the Senator from Virginia propose to fill them?
Mr. MASON, i think thcie is but one blank.
There is a blank there fur the salary of the com-
missioner. If there is any other, the Secretary
will be good enough to notify (he Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
only one, the Chair is informed.
Mr. MASON. The commission in this case
also is limited in its duration to nine months, as
was the ease with Now Granada. I move to fill
the blank with the same sum, ^2,500.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairun-
derstands from the Secretary that a verbal amend-
ment is required in the fourteenth section, to make
it conform.
Mr. MASON. It is a mere verbal modification
that is-required, to strike out "second," and
tnsert " tenth."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended; I
and the amendments were concuried in, ond the '
bill ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
It was read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. GREEN. The title of the bill ought to be
amended, by adding the words " and Costa Rica."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made by common consent.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. FITCH, I am directed by the Committee
on Printing, to whom was referred a bill (S. INo.
552) relative to printing extra numbers of mes-
sages, reports, and documents, to report it back
without amendment, and recommend its passage.
It is designed to protect Congress from and after
the 4th of March, under the new system of print-
ing, from errors, &c., into which they aie now
almost necessaiily led. The bill is very brief,and
can lead to no discussion; and I desire to put it
on its passage at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana asks the general consent of the Sen-
ate to consider the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope not.
Mr. FITCH. If there is any opposition, I
shall not press it. It is a matter of public interest.
Mr. CAMERON. I have a motion to make of
more importance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made to its consideration, the bill iies over.
Mr. FITCH. Does a single objection carry
the consideration of the bill over?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does,on the
day it is reported.
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL TOTES.
Mr. CAMERON. I move now to take up the
regular order of the day, the tariff bill. ["Oh no !"]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before we proceed to the
consideration of that bill, which of course will
take considerable time to dispose of, 1 desire to
make a report in conncction with our business
to-day in the other House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield the floor?
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot,unless it is under-
stood that I give way only for that purpose; and
that, after that, my motion can be carried into
effect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is a privileged
question, connected with the election of President,
to carry out the action of the two Houses meeting
in joint convention. I am instructed by the com-
mittee appointed on the part of the Senate and
the House of Representatives to make a report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield the floor?
Mr. CAMERON. With the understanding
that my motion is to be carried into effect imme-
diately afterwards, I will.
Mr. HALE. I do not agree to that.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I do not yield.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to suspend all
other business for the purpose of malting a report
from the committee of the two Houses, in con-
nection with the election of President. It is a
mere formal resolution, and I suppose it will be
adopted in a moment.
Mr. MASON. It seems to me to be but re-
spectful to a coordinate department of the Gov-
ernment, that this subject should be acted on
promptly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
no hesitation in regarding the.proposition of the
Senator from Illinois as a privileged one, con-
nected as it is with the proceedings of this day in
reference to the election of President and vice
President, and will receive the report of the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I shall give way; be-
cause, if it is a privileged question, it does not in-
terfere with my motio.n.
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee of the two
Houses,appointed to devise a mode for canvass-
ing the votes for President and Vice President of
the United States, and for notifying the persons
elected of their election, have instructed me to
make the following report:
That the joint committee, in further execution of the
duties with which they were ehaiged by the two Houses
of Congie«s, have agreed to the tollowmg resolution, in
which resolution their committee recommend to the Sen-
ate to concur:
Rcbolved, That a committee of one member of the Senate
be appointed by that body, to join a committee of two
membeis of the House of Representatives to be appointed
by that House, to wait on Abraham Lincoln, of Illinois,
and to notify him that he has been duly elected President
of the United States for four years, commencing with ihe
4th day ot March, 1861 ; and also to notify Hannibal Ham-
lin, of Maine, that he has been duly elected Vice President
of the United States for four years, commencing with the
4th day of March, 1861.
Mr. MASON. I do not know whether that
resolution is in the usual form, and I will ask the
Senator that question.
