302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
36th Gong. ... 2d Sbss.
The Preservation of our Union—Mr. Florence.
Ho. oi? Rlpg.
ernors of such States not manifest any great
ajaeiity to aid in the execution of the laws of the
United States,especially if they should bo resisted
by the people of the State from which they come.
It was indispensable, therefore, for the President
to have in his hands the power to reject officers
whoso loyalty-was suspected. This could he done
most conveniently by withholding commissions
from officers whose loyalty was not above sus-
picion. This is simply a rejection of any com-
pany or regiment that may be tendered in its
'organized form. But the refusal of the President
to commission an officer does not authorize him
to appoint anotherin his place. The vacancy cre-
ated by the rejection of an officer, or the refusal
to commission him, must be filled according to
the laws of the State from which such company
or regiment may come. And if it is not so filled
to the acceptance of the President, the effect is
that the services of such company or regimentare
not accepted, and will not be mustered into the
service of the United States.
It is said, by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr: Burnett,] that the Republican party intend
to abolish slavery without the interposition of
Congress, by excluding slavery from the Terri-
tories, and surrounding the slaveholding States
with free States. It is not said precisely how con-
fining slavery to its present limits, is to abolish it
where it now exists. I presume, however, it is
a repetition of the claim which has frequently been
,set up here, that expansion is necessary to the
preservation and maintenance of slavery; that
slave labor exhausts the soil, and impoverishes
the country, and reduccs the value of the prod-
ucts of slave labor, and consequently of the
slaves themselves; that slave labor being thus
rendered unprofitable, slavery must ultimately be
abandoned. If this be true, what a conclusive and
overwhelming argument does it present against
the institution of slavery.
Free labor has no such effect, and can be very
welf sustained within its present limits, whether
it has opportunities for expansion or not. And
if slave labor exhausts the soil and impoverishes
the country where it now exists, will it not do the
same thing in the Territories where it may here-
after be established? And its expansion must
have some limit, even if it should be limited only
by the limits of the continent. Hence, slavery
must, in the nature of things, upon this theory,
have an end. It is only a question of time. And
the effort of gentlemen from the South is not to
improve the condition of the people or of the
country, but to postpone to future generations
thatulumate desolation and ruin which their argu-
ments seem to admit to be the inevitable result of
pro-slavery civilization. In my judgment, this is
not manly, patriotic, and statesmanlike. Expan-
sion only gives increased power and strength to
an evil, which is now so powerful that no man
dares to face it, or seek its extirpation. The
States where it exists are alone responsible for it
where it now exists; and I have no disposition to
relieve them of that responsibility by interfering
with it. But it is my business to prevent its ex-
pansion into territory now free; and I do not in-
tend to be found negligent in the discharge of my
duty upon that subject.
1 have now very hastily reviewed the argu-
ments urged by gentlemen on the other side against
this bill. 1 do not propose to do more, and am
now prepared to abide the judgment of the House
upon its passage.
THE PRESERVATION OF OUR UNION ON PRIN-
ClI'LJJd OF FRATKItmTi", ECtUALITy,
AND JUSTICE TO AL1,
SPEECH OF HON. THQMS B. FLORENCE,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 27, 1861,
The House having under consideration the report fiom
the select committee of thiny-three—•
Mr. FLORENCE said:
Mi*. Speaker: Deeply impressed with the mul-
titudinous dangers which now so unhappily sur-
round us, endangering the existence of tho nation
itself as a happy, united, and free people, I have
sedulously endeavored, by every honorable means
in my power, in the performance of the respons-
ible duties which attach to me as a member of this
House, to cast my vote with the single purpose
of averting the dreaded consequences of the im-
pending difficulties—the total,ent.ie, and perma-
nent dissolution of our glorious Union.
Various as are the opinions of gentlemen upon
this floor, numerous as are the suggestions and
plans of peace, safety, concession, and compro-
mise, and ready as I have ever been to adopt any
measure of settlement proposed, which would
substantially assure the country of our disposi-
tion to restore peace and quiet to a disturbed and
highly excited people, I have looked anxiously and
patiently but, I regret to say it, in vain, for that
eagerly desired practical action which would give
assurance that we intend to adopt those certain
measures of relief which are absolutely needed
to fully restore confidence to trade, to give to
commerce its lost impetus, to restore to the me-
chanic and laborer the employment suddenly and
ruthlessly snatched from him; ay, sir, and be-
sides these happy results, to drive forever from
these Halls the agitating subject of slavery, and
to put an end to the political panic, the blighting
influence of which we have been so long compelled
to endure—a panic, sir, unexampled in our coun-
try's history; for it has enveloped the nation in
gloom, brought with it fears of a dissevered Union
never again to be reunited, and that more, per-
haps, to be dreaded than all other evils, danger
of fratricidal strife and unrelenting civil war.
It is our duty, sir—I am deeply convinced it is
my high and solemn duty, to aid in effecting it by
diligent effort—to leave no means in our power un-
exerted to restore peace, quiet, and happiness, to
our disturbed and distracted country. We may
do so, if we will, and without any compromise of
principle. Fully appreciating these dangers, Mr.
Speaker, and believing they all may and can be
easily removed, if we come fully up to the meas-
ure of our duty. I beg to ask the attention of
members to the proposition to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States, which i presented on
the 19th of January last to the House. Failing to
get consideration at that time, much to my regret,
upon the 28th of January I again submitted the
following joint resolution winch I now ask tho
Clerk to read:
The Clerk read, as follows:
Joint resolution pioposing amendments to the Constitution
of the United Stales.
Whereas serious and alarming dissensions have arisen
between the northern and southern States concerning the
rights and secuiity of the rights of the sluveholding Stat^,
and especially their rights ni the common terntoiy of the
United States ; and whoieas it is eminently desttable and
propei that those dissensions, whieh now threaten the veiy
existence of this Union, should he permanently quieted and
settled by constitutional piovisions which shall do equal
justice to all sections, and thereby lestore to the people
that peace and good will whieh ought to prevail between
all the citizens of the United States : Thetofore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Con^rcis assembled, (two
thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the loliowing at ti-
des be, and are hereby, proposed and submitted as ainend-
mentsto the Constitution of the United Slates, which shall
be valid to all intents and purposes as pait of said Consti-
tution, when ratified by conventions of three fourths of the
seveial States:
Aur. 1. l'eisons held to seivice or labor foi life, in any
Stare, undei the laws theteof, may be taken into any Tei-
ritory ot the United States south of latitude 3(5® 30', and
the ught to such service or laboi shall not be impaired
theieby. And any Tetntoual Uegtslatuie shall have tho
exclusive right to make all needful rules and legulations
for the pioteetion of &uch right and of such poisons and
for the maintenance and treatment ot such persons and
then descendants, in then domestic relations. IJut Con-
giess or any Teintonal Legislatuie shall not have power to
impair or abolish such right of service m the said Teiri-
tory, not in any other place within the jurisdiction of the
United States, without the consent of all the States whieh
maintain such seivice.
Art. -2. When any Temtory of the United States shall
ha\e a population equal to the latio of lepresentation for
one memberof Congress and the peopteshall have formed
a constitution for a icpubUean torm ofgovemment, it shall
be admitted as a sovereign State into the Union, on an
equal looting with the othei States, by the proclamation of
the President ot the United States; and the people may, in
the constitution for such State, either prohibit or lesulatc
the right to labor or service, and alter ot amend the consti-
tution at theh vvtii. And if the President refuses to admit
such Terntoij as a State, this article shall not deprive
tongress of the power to admit such State.
Apt. The present right of representation m section
[ two, aitieje one, of the Constitution of the United States
; shall nevei he alteied Without the const nt of all the States
j maintaining the right tu seivice or labwi fur life. And the
i regulation of the right to labor or "service in any of the
States is hereby recognized to be exclusively the right of
each State within its own limits; and this Constitution
shall never be altered or amended to impair this right of
each State without its consent: Provided, That this article
shall not be construed to absolve the United States Gov-
ernment from rendering assistance to suppress insurrec-
tions or domestic violence, as provided m section lour,
article four, of this Constitution.
Art. 4. The exclusive power to regulate or abolish the
right to labor or service for life in the District of Columbia
is hereby ceded to the State of Maryland, to be exetcised
in common with such right in that StatP, subject, never-
theless, to the judicial jurisdiction of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Art. 5. No State shall pass any law in any way inter-
fering with or obstructing the recovery of fugitives from jus-
tice or from labor or service, or any law of"Congress made
under auicle four, section two, of this Constitution; and all
laws in violation of this article may be declared void by
the Supreme Couit of the United States at the suit of any
State.
Art. 6. As a right of comity between the citizens of the
several States, the right of transit with persons held to
labor or service for life, or for years, fiom one State to
another, shall not be interfered with, without the consent
of all the States maintaining such service.
Art. 7. Whenever any State shall grant by law to citi-
zens of other States the right of sojourn for a limited pe-
riod with persons held to service or labor, if such peisons
escape they shall be subject to recovery as fugitives, under
the provisions of this Constitution, and shall be returned
to the State from which they weie brought.
Art. 8. The traffic m slaves with Africa is hereby for-
ever prohibited. And the descendants of Africans shall not
be made citizens.
Art. 9. All acts of any inhabitant of the United States
tending to incite persons held to service or labor to insur-
rection or acts of domestic violence, oi to abscond, shall
be considered and pi olnbited as contrary to law, and a penal
offense.
Art. 10. The county of any State, wherein a person
owing service or labor is rescued fiom the custody of the
owner, agent, or officei, shall be bound to pay the lull value
of such person, for the use of the owner, at the suit of the
United States.
Art. 11. Persons held to service or labor for life, under
the laws ofauy State or Territory, shall not be taken into
any Territory of the United States, while in a territorial
condition, north of latitude 36° 30'.
Art. 12. Alleged fugitives from labor or service, on re-
quest, shall have a trial by jury at the place to which they
may be returned.
Art 13 All alleged fugitives charged with crime com-
muted in violation of the laws of the State from which they
fled, shall, on demand, be teturned to such State, and shall
have the tight of trial by jury; and, if such person claims
to be a citizen of another State, shall have a right of appeal
or of wnt of erior to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Art. 14. Citizens of any State sojourning in another
State shall not be subject to violence or punishment, nor
injured m their persons or property, without trial by jury,
and due process of law.
Art. 15. No State, or the people thereof, shall retire
fiom this Union without the consent of three fourths of all
the States.
Art. 16. The reserved power of the people in three
fourths of the States to call and form a national convention
to alter, amend, or abolish tins Constitution, according to
its piovisions, shall nevet be (juestioned, notwithstanding
the directions in aitiele five of the Constitution.
Art. 17. Aiticles eight, nine, and ten, of these amend-
ments shall not be altered without the consent of all the
States maintaining service or labor for life.
Mr. FLORENCE. These amendments, Mr.
Speaker, I propose to present as an amendment,
or in the nature of a substitute, to the propositions
of the committee of thirty-three, who have had
the subject involved in tho perils of the country
committed to their charge. I fear, however, all
efforts at honorable compromise and conciliation
have failed. I have alwaysavowed myself ready
to vote for the Crittenden propositions, as they
are termed. If it were possible to add thereto the
method of submitting lhem to the poople proposed
by the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Biglkr,] so much the better. But I find,
popular as is the proposition of the patriotic Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] anxious
as are the people everywhere for the passage of
the proposed amendments, evidenced by the sig-
natures of the myriads, almost, attached to the
thousands of petitions presented to this House, it
will not avail. There seems to be a deep-seated
and persistent determination to totally ignore the
right; to pursue a deadly and masterly inactivity,
defying the bitter necessities that surround us,
and which should impel us to action. In this
critical moment I have reluctantly sought the floor
to submit and briefly explain a plan of relief
which, I feel assured, ought to be approved by
and be acceptable to every right-thinking person
in the country.
I crave the attention of members while I pro-
ceed with my remarks.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, it will be conceded by
every candid and unprejudiced member of this
