APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
36th Cons....2d Sess.
Militia of the United States—Reports.
Ho. of Reps.
Congress. It is prohibited, and Congress must
provide the penalties for its infraction. Their
descendants cannot be made citizens; so that the
degeneration of the American people cannot be
legalized, nor a conflict of the races ensue from
their "meeting to act as citizens or equals. Africa
is the natural home of the black man; and in due
time the wise Almighty will perhaps prepare him
and prepare it for his reception, as a christian-
ized, civilized,and useful people.
The spirit of insurrection and domestic violence
and the enticing of slaves away, crimes in them-
selves, are curbed forever in all parts of the Union
for the peace of the South and the security of our
common country from such forays as Virginia has
lately witnessed. And that right of protection
against incendiary acts, of whatever nature, can-
not bo taken away from the South, as respects this
her peculiar institution or right of labor, without
her consent. The county, in a rescue, must pay
the value of the slave; which is dependent on the
same principle that the property destroyed by a
mob roust be paid for by the county, for the
county is bound to have a police force to preserve
the public peace, and is liable for neglect. The
United States also is bound to protect the owner,
and can sue in its own name to the owner's use,
so that when the judgment is satisfied the owner
gets his money without coming here to importune
Congress about it. And the State wherein the
eounty is situated, if she wishes to discourage
such acts of her inhabitants, may authorize the
county to sue the rescuer with any penalties she
pleases, without any further regulation oil the
subject by the United States.
This is what the South gets under the proposed
amendments. It makes her safe, and the ques-
tion in tiie nation is not whether there are more
or less slave States or free States. The question
will be m Congress, how shall we, thus united and
protected, best promote the interests of our whole
country, as compared with other nations of the
earth ?
Now, what does the North get under these
amendments ? By article eleven, she gets all the
territory north of 3G° 30' for free labor, without
any competition from slave labor. Is not that
generous on the part of the South? Free labor
„ there can produce grain and provisions, and estab-
lish manufactures, and thus a mutual free inter-
change of products will bo of advantage to both.
Tht; whole country will spring into activity, and
blossom like the rose, under this settlement, and
the Union, secured firmer than ever, will send its
beneficent influence to the uttermost parts of the
earth. The resources of the continent will be,
under tills settlement, most speedily developed;
and the temple of liberty, now tottering to its
base, will, thus fortified, become theccntral home
of the white man from every nation of the earth.
The fugitive black man, under article twelve,
will not only have secured to him the hearing
under the Constitution at the place where he is
arrested, but the right of a jury trial is secured to
him,if he desires it, where ho is returned. There
he can have a jury free from prejudice, and can
most easily prove the truth by witnesses, which
he can require to be produced. This will un-
doubtedly satisfy the sympathy of many northern
men who fear unlawful oppression on the colored
race within their midst.
The fugitive from justice, when he is charged
with the commission of an offenso which is a
crime under the laws of the State fiom which he
fled, though it may not be a crime under the laws
of the State where arrested, shall bo returned.
But lie shall have a right of trial by jury; and if
a citizen of another Slate thinks that justice has
not been done him, lie can either take the law of
the ease up 011 writ of error, or can take the whole
case, both law and facts, up to the Supreme Court
on appeal, and there obtain justice from that tri-
bunal which represents the State of which he may
be a citizen, as well as the State from which he
fled. This certainly piotects the northern citizen
in the South, and also protects the southern citi-
zen in the North. The northern citizen, when he
visits the South voluntarily, is, by article four-
teen, protected in all his rights of person and of
property. He can only be judged by a jury, and
reached by due process of law. This article is
binding upon the action of the State, and is not
simply a declaration of duty or injunction to reg-
ulate the action of the authority of the United
States, as in the present Constitution.
Article fifteen maintains the stability of the
Union. Under it her securities, even in war, will
not usuriously beg for purchasers, as at present
she does when in peace with all foreign nations.
It closes the door of voluntary secession without
a constitutional majority of three fourths by ex-
press declaration, and does not leave it, as at pres-
ent, to the construction of judicial minds, and an
open question undefined by the Constitution; but
so clear and so express that no State can assume
a right, as a matter of )a\y and sovereignty, to
depart from the family of sovereignties composing
the Union.
Article sixteen is for the protection of the peo-
ple in their inalienable right to life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness, and as announced by the
Declaration of Independence, "that whenever any
form of government becomes destructive of these
ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to
abolish it."
Article five of the Constitution is simply declar-
atory in its nature; it is not one of the enumerated
powers in the Constitution. It is not a " power"
conferred upon Congress; it is only a direction or
privilege to call a convention. And if, as at pres-
ent, Congress shows a political temper which is
at variance with the judgment of the people as to
their rights and the settlement of our national dif-
ficulties, and refuses or neglects to call a conven-
tion to save this Union, or refuses to make prop-
ositions to the States for their adoption, the sov-
ereign people or States of three fourths of this
Union, constituting as they do a sufficient power
to alter or amend that Constitution, can call a con-
vention and form a convention; for the wisdom
of our fathers has said, in article ten of the amend-
ments, that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it. to the Suites, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to th<*.people."
Section five of the Constitution, intrusting to
Congress a mode of calling a convention, is not a
power. It. is only a privilege or direction. "Con-
gress shall," says the article. It is imperative.
But suppose Congress, in such a time as this,
does not call a convention: the reserved power
of the people in the States is above the temper of
Congress, always. That right of altering the Con-
stitution, as stated in the declaration, is inaliena-
ble. It is included within the reserved powers of
article ten of the amendments; and the right to
alter the Constitution is only limited by article
five, in declaring the majority of three fourths of
the States as necessary. Article sixteen of these
amendments is declaratory of this reserved power
of the people, or three fourths of the States, to
call and form a national convention; and,in their
sovereign capacity, they may dismiss the Con-
gress that would have stood and seen our glorious
Union shattered to fragments, when they had the
power to save it. They can alter the Constitu-
tion, according to its provisions, and do justice to
every section of our country.
Section sixteen is founded on that reserved
power, that inalienable right of the people and of
the States 111 their sovereignty; and it declares
that right, so that none need suppose that it does
not exist, and never be deceived by supposing that
they are in such a position, or such a majority,
that they can question that right of the people.
1 trust that the people may not have occasion
to rise in their sovereign power and assert this
right of forming a national convention. We have
but a few more days to save this Union. These
amendments will accomplish that result; they will
save this Union. They will cement it m the spirit
of fraternity, equality, and justice, on an imper-
ishable basis; a foundation of ever-living rock in
the sea of time, around which the waves of party
strife may vainly dash; before which law and jus-
tice will reign supreme; and amidst all the tem-
pests of time, we may say with unerring confi-
dence, the Union, our glorious Union, is safe;
safe forever:
" Our Union of lakes, our Union of lands,
Our Union of States none can sever ;
Our Union of hearts,.our Union of hands,
And the flag of our Union foiever."
Who is there here—where is the freeman under
Heaven's broad canopy who does notin his heart
of hearts devoutly wish a consummation so great
and glorious ? Who can, without unceasing joy,
contemplate such unspeakable happiness — our
Union restored, the reunion of the seceding States
—a bloodless, peaceable, honorable, and satisfac-
tory determination and final settlement of our na-
tional troubles? God grant us, from His throne
of many mercies, this deliverance ! And, oh! men
and brethren of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, may
He inspire your hearts with wisdom to conceive
and courage to execute your high trust, and per-
form your responsible duties, having this holy
end in view! Do not falter in this fearful hour
of your country's peril. You can, if you will,
restore confidence, peace, prosperity, and plenty
to hundreds of thousands now deprived of these
richest of God's precious gifts. Do it; nor a mo-
ment longer hesitate. Do it; and the prayers of
just men will ascend,invokingfrom the mercy seat
those rewards which are always treasured up for
good deeds. Do it; and everywhere thoughout
the land lovers of liberty, joining in glorious har-
monies and gleesome chorus, millions of happy
voices, catching up the inspiring and gladdening
strain, will shout and sing:
"The star-spangled banner in triumph does wave,
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave."
MILITIA OF THE UNITED STATES,
Reports from tlie Select Committee on tlie
Special Message of tlie President of tlie 8tli
of January, 1861.
In the House op Representatives,
January 30, 1861.
Mr. John H. Reynolds, from the select com-
mittee on the special message of the President of
the United States, made the following report:
The select committee, to whom was referred
the message of the President of the United States,
bearing date the 8th of January, 18C1, with spe-
cial instructions, in partial discharge of the duties
imposed on them, submit the following report.
The message of the President suggests for con-
sideration a variety of topics of the highest im-
portance to the welfare of the country; and m the
discharge of the duties confided to them, it seemed
to your committee most expedient to give their
attention first to the question, whether any addi-
tional legislation by Congress was necessary to
enable the President to execute the laws, protect
and defend the public property, and preserve the
integrity of the Government. With the fact ap-
parent that a portion of the citizens of the United
States, repudiating their allegiancc to the Consti-
tution and laws of the Union, are engaged in the
attempt to establish an independent government,
and, in the execution of this purpose, have unlaw-
fully seized certain of the forts, navy-yai ds, arse-
nals, magazines, and other public property, it
seems that an emergency has arisen where the
executive arm should be clothed with the requi-
site power and authority to preserve the Govern-
ment, defend its property, and protect the honor
of its flag. This duty of protection and defense
can only be performed under the direction of the
Executive, and where the appropriate means are
provided by Congress, the responsibility for its
discharge will devolve upon the constitutional head
of the Government. In a period like the present,
when the existence of the Federal Union is en-
dangered by powerful combinations embracing
whole States, when acts of lawless violence dis-
turb the ordinary operations of the Government,
Congress should, and doubtless will, be prompt
to enact any measures calculated to enable the
Executive to discharge all his constitutional du-
ties in a manner consistent with the dignity, and
essential to the preservation, of the Government.
In considering the power at the disposal of the
President, which may be exerted for the preser-
vation and the defense of the country, and the
enforcement of the laws, it may be first observed
that there appears to be no doubt in the opinion
of any Department of the Government of the au-
thority of the President to employ the Army and
Navy, in his discretion, for the defense and pro-
tection of the public property against all aggres-
sion from whatever source it may come; and
