890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
dier generals, the adjutant general, and the pay-
master general of the militia of the Distriet of
Columbia, to take cognizance of all the fiscal con-
cerns of the militia, and, with the approbation of
the President, make such rules and regulations as
may be necessary_ and proper for the assessment
and collection of fines, and the reception and dis-
bursementof money. The adjutantgeneral, under
the direction of the major general-in-chief, and
such regulations as he may, with the approbation
of the President, prescribe, have a general super-
vision over the executive staff officers of the sev-
eral divisions, brigades, and regiments, giving
them instructions, and performing other specified
duties, and receivingprescribedemoluments. Pro-
vision is made, too,for the regulation of the pay-
master general in the discharge of the duties of
his office.
The citizens of the District of Columbia, sub-
ject to militia duty under this law, are to have the
privilege of forming, by voluntary enrollment,
under such regulations as may be prescribed by
the President of the United States, companies of
light infantry, rifles, cavalry, and artillery, each
company to consist of at least seventy-four men,
and be equipped by the United States as troops
of the same arms in the regular service. They are
to select their own officers. The volunteers thus
organized, the President may form into battalions,
regiments, brigades, and divisions; the general
officers of which are to be appointed by and with
the advice and consentof the Senate; and they are
to be subject to the orders of the major general-
in-chief and other general officers, with the rest
of the militia constituting the infantry of the line.
Militia and volunteer service exempts from jury
duty; and whenever called out into active service,
they are to be allowed the pay, rations, and emol-
uments as are allowed to officers and soldiers in
like grades and arms in the regular service. In
case of wounds or injuries received in the line of
duty, or in case of being killed m the performance
of such duty, the same provisions will be ex-
tended to them, their widows and orphans, as are
provided by law in like cases to officers, non-com-
missioned officers, and private soldiers of like
grades belonging to the regular Army of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. WILSON. This bill was prepared by a
board consisting of General Jesup, Major Lee,
General Weightman,Mr. Randolph, and Colonel
Hickey; it was recommended by the Secretary
of War; unanimously agreed to, I understand, in
the. House of Representatives last year, by the
Committee 011 Military Affairs there; and is unan-
imously agreed to by the Committee on Military
Affairs of the Senate, this year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBUR.Y. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts, what particular rea-
son exists at the present time for the reorganiza-
tion of the militia of this District? I do not know
of any circumstances existing at the present time,
that call imperatively for the reorganization of the
militia of the District. If such reasons exist, I
think it is due to the people of the Distriet that
they should know what those reasons are, and
they should be stated to the country.
Mr. WILSON. Some two or three years ago
a commission was appointed to revise the militia
laws of this District. The commission took the
matter into consideration, devoted a gieat deal of
time to the consideiation of it, and made a report;
and the Secretary of War, Mr. Floyd, recom-
mended the passage of the bill. At the last ses-
0*" ^ongress> (be Committee on Military
Affairs of the House of Representatives, as I un-
derstand, unanimously directed Mr. Pendletont
to report the bill to that House. This year the
Committee on Military Affairs in the Senate have
taken the bill up, considered it, and unanimously
agreed to report it. It has no relation, in any de-
giee whatever, to the present existing slate of
affairs 111 the country. It did not originate in that
way. It has, as 1 understand, the concunence or
support of the_ friends of the militia in the Dis- I
trict. Colonel Hirkey, who wasa member of that j! in regard to this bill, thatT was present"^the
and over asain Ins ■■ n"mvvi','i,n —
board, has expressed over
anxiety that it should pass; and I certainfyseo.no
reason whatever why it should not receive the
support of every Senator.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My reason for askino-
this question of the Senator, who is a member of
the ,Committee on Naval Affairs, was, that the
public should not draw any improper inferences
from this movement. That was my sole reason.
We have heard a great deal of the necessity of
having military force in this District. Although
as devotedly attached to the Union of the States
as anybody else; although opposing this doctrine
of secession as strenuously as anybody else, I
have never had any idea that there wa^any neces-
sity for filling this District with military, and
surrounding this Capitol with a military force to
preserve the peace of the country; and in order
that the country might know that the reorganiza-
tion of the militia of this District had no reference
to the political troubles of the times, I called upon
the Senator from Massachusetts, who is a mem-
ber of the Committee on Military Affairs, for an
explanation.
Mr. MASON. I looked into this bill a week
or two ago. I do not now very distinctly recol-
lect its provisions, nor am I at all versed m mili-
tary matters; but I will ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts whether, by the terms of the bill (for
really I do not recollect) any oath is prescribed to
the men. There is an oath to the officers, I pre-
sume; but I desire to know whether the men are
required to take an oath when they are enrolled.
Mr. WILSON. In reply to that question, I
will say, that there is, in this bill, a provision
requiring that the officers and soldiers shall take
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States and the laws. It is a different oath from
that required by the bill passed by the House of
Representatives, which is now on the table re-
ported by the Committer on Military Affairs.
That bill requires the taking of the oath that a
man takes on going into the actual service of the
country. This is a simple oath to support the
Constitution of the United States and the laws of
the country.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will indi-
cate thi£ Section that contains the oath, so that it
may beVcad.
Mr. WILSON. I have not the bill before me,
but I think it is the third section. Let the Sec-
retary read that section.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
Sec. 3. hcitfin thcr cnarf.ci, That ofriefr. non-
commissioned officer, and puvate, befoie enteung upon the
dutic-s of his officc, s>hall make oath 01 affirmation, in due
form of law, before^a magistrate duly commissioned and
qualified, that he will support and defend the Constitution
and laws of the United State?!, and will taulifully peitorm
the duties appiopriateto tlieoflicc and commisbion 01 wai-
lant which he holds or may hold m the militia of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to obey the orders of his lawfully-
appointed Mipenoi oflicei to the best of )iis Knowledge,
skill, ability, and judgment; which oath or affirmation sliali
be signed by the officer, non-commissioned officer, or pri-
vate taking the same, certified by the magistrate, and re-
corded m tlio officc of the adjutant general of the nuhtia,
and in the office of the cleik of the eii ciut court of the Uni-
ted States lor the Uistiiet of Columbia.
Mr. MASON. I presume it is always usual—
I am sure it is so in the State of Virginia, and I
am more confident on that than the other point-
when a citizen takes a military office under the
Government, and becomes thereby one of the ad-
ministrators of its laws, as he does, that he shall
take an oath properly to discharge the duties of
the office; but I have never heard an oa'th of that
kind imposed upon the privates, the men in the
ranks, unless in the regular service of the United
States when they enlist. That is a voluntary act,
and they place themselves for the time being under
the 01 deis and control, whatever their own opin-
ions niay be, of their superiors; but the militia
duty is an involuntary duty. The law requires
that able-bodied citizens of a certain age shall be
enrolled against their will, and shall be required to
perform military duty. Now, to impose an oath
upon those men may be to entangle their con-
sciences, requiring them to do a duty which they
would not volunteer to do, which they would pay
a militia fine rather than do, and in contravention
of the usual policy, as^I should understand it, of
miiitai y law. I will propose, therefore, to amend
by striking out so much of the section as imposes
an oath upon any others than the officers.
IVIi. J0HN&0]N', of Arkansas. I wish to sav
rrl thic liiH tkot- T  • ./
committee at the time it was under consideration
and that I assented to the report. There is before'
that committee, as the Isenafe must be aware a
bill, the common term for which anions us there
is, the test-oath bill for this District. =That is a
bill that has come from the other House, and has
been referred to that committee. This bill was
presented some years since, and is the result of a
report made by a commission that was appointed
for that purpose. I will state to the Senate, and
perhaps it is worthy of consideration, that if there
is any one on the Committee on Military Affairs
who has made any particular examination of it,
I do not know it. 1 will state further, in regard
to it, that the bill being understood to be the re-
port of a commission composed of gentlemen of
the highest character and respectability, which
had been organized and had reported at a time
when no trouble or difficulty was anticipated, it
was received in that way by the committee, and
I do not think had any serious consideration at
all. Now,lam notaware,and if other Senators—
members of that committee, were aware of it,.they
did not bring it to the attention of the committee—
that there was an oath provided for in this bill.
I confess.—it may be deemed a hard confession to
make, but I believe truth is the best policy un-
der all circumstances—that I never read the bill
through. I am not satisfied that, when read
through, the bill will turn out to be wrong; but I
am satisfied the Committee on Military Affairs
did jiot investigate it with any closeness ordirect-
ness. Under those circumstances, while I think
the bill itself is proper and ought to pass, I cannot
but think, since those questions are raised, and
since there are points made here that are new, at
least to one member, and, I take it, to very nearly
all the committee, that the bill itself should be
referred back to the committee. If the bill is as
I anticipate it is, it can bo reported back again at
an early day, and there will be no difficulty in
passing it. I submit a motion that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee 011 Military Affairs,
there to be considered and again reported to tiiis
body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas moves the recommitment of the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs. The
Chair begs permission to state further, in refer-
ence to the motion made by the Senator fi om Vir-
ginia, that, the bill having been three times read,
it is not, under the rules of the Senate, open to
amendment, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, I presume that unan-
imous consent will be given. If not, I can move
to reconsider the vote ordering the bill to be read
a third time; but I suppose by unanimous con-
sent the amendment may be received.
Mr. BRAGG. As one lately appointed upon
the Committee on Military Affairs, I wish to say,
in addition to what has been said by my friend
from Arkansas, that I was not aware that a pro-
vision in relation to an oath was contained in this
bill. I took it that the bill, as introduced by the
Senator from Massachusetts, was the same as that
reported from the commission; and I understood
him to say when he introduced the bill, that there
was a commission appointed to draft the bill, or
rather to report in relation to the reorganization
of the militia of the District. That commission
was composed of regular officers of the Army,
and of some of the militia officers of the District,
i learn, upon inquiry, that the provision in rela-
tion to the oath has been incoiporated into the bill
at this session, and, I suppose, by the Senator
from Massachusetts before he introduced it; at all
events, I learn that that provision was not in the
bill as originally reported. The bill has been
pending before Congress for some time, and to
that bill 1, for one, have no objection; but I think
it is a departure from usage, as has been said by
the senator from Virginia, to require an oath of
the privates of the militia of the District, as such.
it 1 had been aware that there was such a pro-
vision in the bill, 1 should certainly have objected
o it before it was reported from the committee.'
supposed it was the bill which 1 had before seen,
and which was got up and reported in the way 1
have stated. I should certainly have obiected'to
the provision as it is now. Therefore, 1 shall sus-
tain the motion made by the Senator from Ark-
ansas to recommit the bill, unless it is agreed,
uy common consent, that that provision in rela-
tion to privates shall be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to entertain the motion of the
(senator fiom Virginia to amend this bill as pro-
posed by him. If there be no objection, the bill
will be amended according to that proposition.
