1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Collection of Duties on Imports—Reports.
Ho. of Reps.
except that by which the old Confederation was
broken up and the present formed. It would be
trifling to single out one of the smallest incidents
of such a movement, and, by making it promi-
nent, endeavor to escape from looking at and
dealing with the movement itself. By curing se-
cession we recover the public property. Will we,
by recovering the public property, be any nearer
curing secession ?
The real question for our decision is, will we
permit the secession of a portion of the States
from the Union, or will we attempt to prevent it
by military power? If we intend to permit it, of
course we will yield the forts. If we intend to
prevent it by force, and have determined that we
will not try conciliation, nor give time for pal-
liatives, then let this bill be enacted into a law.
If we have not yet determined what course shall
be taken in the emergency, then let this bill be
rejected, for it is a declaration of war—instant,
stern, ferocious.
The undersigned having fully presented his
views in regard to making war on the seceding
States in a minority report which he presented
to-day, on the hill" further to provide for the col-
lection of the duties on imports," will not repeat
them here. The civilized world must condemn
the eager desire manifested in some of the north-
ern States to shed the blood of the people of the
South. But the people of the South know that
the noisy braggarts who vapor forth their own
courage, and parade on paper arnied multitudes
who will not obey them, will not be formidable
on any fair field of battle. Though such a spirit,
under a temporary frenzy, may be painfully wide-
spread at the North, the undersigned will not
believe that the buik of the sturdy, religious, civ-
ilized people of those States expect or demand of
their representatives such legislation as is pro-
posed in Congress. Let us bring together the
system of measures proposed, (not by individual
members, but by commiitees reptesenting the ma-
jority of Congress,) thatajudgment may be formed
of them in the aggregate:
1. By a bill reported from the select committee
of live their ports are to be closed to all foreign
•commcrce, both inward and outward, so that they
will not only bo cut off from all supplies from
abroad, but will be unable to sell any portion of
their cotton or other surplus productions, pro-
vided the law proves effective for its object.
2. By a bill reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads they arc to be de-
prived of all postal facilities, so that they cannot
communicate with the rest of the world, nor with
each other. Thisgreatinstrument of civilization
and social happiness is to be entirely withdrawn
from the seceding States.
These two measures will entirely isolate them
from others, and from one another; and that fire
and sword may complete the work, we have—
3. The bill now under consideration.
Bloodthirsty, revolutionary France never in-
flicted a worse scourge upon heroic La Vendee
when it left to its inhabitants no alternative except
to starve or to die nobly on the battle field. Who
can doubt that these cruel measures will initiate
a civil war of unsurpassed barbaiity,in which
quarter will neither be asked noi granted 5 And
ail this is to be done m the name of a fraternal
Union, and to restore alienated aftection.
In conclusion, the undersigned will express the
hope that earnest efforts may be made to redress
grievances, restore confidence, and reestablish
the Union on a lasting basis. He cannot believe
that such efforts would be vain. Whenever the
hearts and minds of the people are right for recon-
ciliation, the terms of reconciliation can be easily
arranged. But they never will be right so long as
there is cultivated a morbid desire fos revenge,
and men are indulging a van and idle belief that
they can chastise the discontented, and compel
eight or fifteen States to remain in the Union
against their wishes.
If we find that reconciliation is impossible, and
that the States can no more Hv3 together under
one Government, let us scp^ra. o in peace, and
form other and more satisfactory arrangements.
The object of government is the happiness oi the
governed; and no Government ought to be main-
tained over large masses ot mankind^ which does
not, in essentials, promote their wehaic and hap-
piness. In the United States it cannot be, because
we hold that Governments " derivetheir just pow-
ers from the consent of the governed; that when-
ever any form of government becomes destructive
of these ends, [to promote the welfare and safety
of the governed,] it is the right of the people to
alter or to abolish it, and to institute a new gov-
ernment, laying its foundations on such princi-
ples, and organizing its powers in such form, as
to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety
and happiness."
All our institutions rest on these great princi-
ples; and when millions of people, occupying
eight States, some of which have constitutions
older than that of the United States, with a una-
nimity unparalleled in our history, and very far
exceeding that which prevailed in our Revolution,
declare that they consider the existing Govern-
ment destructive of their happiness, and danger-
ous to their security and prosperity, and that they
intend to change it, it is idle to say t-hey have no
right to do so. It would be a crime against the
principles of our fathers to marshal armies for the
purpose of holding them in subjection.
The undersigned will not close without remind-
ing the House that the act of March 2, 1833, com-
monly called the <f force bill," was not enacted
by Congress until a bill had been matured, and
passed, to compromise the differences which had
placed South Carolina in an attitude of hostility
to tiie Federal Government. The two acts stand
side by side on the statute-book, approved by the
President on the same day. It may well be
doubted whether the statesmen of that time would
haveenacttd the law if it had not been known
that there would be no occasion to execute its
provisions. L. O'B. BRANCH.
COLLECTION OF DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Reports from t5ic Select Committee on tlie
Special Message of tlie President of tlie 9lli
of January, 1SG1.
In the House of Representatives,
January 30, 1861.
Mr. John Cochrane, from the select commit-
tee of five on the special message of the President,
made the following report:
The special committee, to whom was referred
the message of the President of the United States,
communicated to Congress January 9, lt61, hay-
ing carefully considered the matters embraced in
that paper, do now respectfully submit the accom-
panying bill in reference to that part thereof re-
lating to the collection of the revenues of the Uni-
ted States; and Mr. John Cochrane, in reporting
the bill from the committee, accompanies the same,
by authority of the committee, with a statement
of his views ill relation thereto, as follows:
While fully concurring with the President in
the opinion that no State possesses,under and by
virtue of the Federal Constitution, any right or
authority to secede, or withdraw, or separate itself,
from the Federal Union, I am equally convinced
that, not having been prohibited, the justification
of the exercise of such right is referable to the
nature and extent of those rights reserved to the
States or the people thereof. Therefore, all the
acts and ordinances of secession which have been
fir may be enacted by any State or States, acting
separately, in my opinion are, m as far as the
same may be carried into effect, to be considered
as revolutionary infractions of the supreme law
of the land, however they may be regarded as the
proper exercise of an indefeasible right of c< re-
sisting acts which are plainly unconstitutional,
and too oppressive to be endured.''
I also concur with the President that the Fed-
eral Constitution has abstained from conferring
upon the Federal Government, or any department
thereof, authority to declare and wage oppressive
war agonist a seceding State, in order to coerce
the repeal of any act"or ordinance of secession
which she may have passed, or the renunciation
of any purpose of secession which she may en-
tertain, or to compel her to remain nominally, as
, well as in fact, a member of the Federal Union,
j On the contrary, the plenary power ot offensive
I war and reprisals, conferred by til*' Constitution
I upon Congress, is, m my judgment, designed ex-
clusively to authorize and empower such war by
the Federal Government in its discretion, against
such Governments and communities as may be
rightfully considered foreign to the United States.
States which profess to have seceded from the
Federal Union by their separate State action c&n-
not, in my opinion, be rightfully so considered;
and therefore a just conception of the consfita-
iional authority of Congress combines with other
and, if possible, higher and more commanding
moti ves to prescribe other measures than aggress-
ive and coercive war to remedy the grave incon-
veniences, perils, and evils, of such secession.
It is, on the other hand, entirely manifest that
the Federal Government, throughout the whole
extent of its constitutional jurisdiction, both ter-
ritorial and maritime, is vested with powers which
it cannot surrender, and charged with trusts and
duties which it must perform. It holds valuable
property in every part of the Territory over which
its jurisdiction has been, by the solemn mandate
of the people of all the States, extended; and it
holds every article of this property as the common
trustee of all the people of all the States for thftir
common use and benefit, and to them, and'to all
of them, is directly responsible for the safe-keep-
ing and protection of such property. By consti-
tutional legislation, supreme in its character, and
irrepealable, except by the authority which created
it, the Federal Government has established a sys-
tem of revenue laws which it is bound to main-
tain, and againstall obstructions to the execution
of which it is equally bound adequately to pro-
vide. No extra constitutional action of any State
can possibly release the Federal Government in
any of its departments from this imperative obli-
gation.
It is to this aspect of the duty of Congress in
the unfortunate and unexampled state of facts
presented for its consideration by the President in
his late message, that the attention of the com-
mittee has been specially directed, and they report
herewith a bill designed, as is believed, peacea-
bly and,in a spirit of moderation and forbearance,
fully to protect the entire revenue system of the
United States from all the unconstitutional and un-
lawful obstructions and disturbances with which
it is now or may be hereafter threatened.
In framing this measure, there have been kept
steadily in view, first, the obstacles of every char-
acter which oppose any altempt by the Federal
Government to coerce a State; and, secondly, the
principle upon which, as is conceived, the whole
coercive action of our revenue system has, from
its inception, been founded.
The just and rightful coercion exercised under
the Constitution by the Federal Government in
the collection of its revenue from foreign com-
merce is a coercion not directed against State au-
thority, nor even against unlawful action by assem-
blages of persons within any State._ That coer-
cion, on the contrary, applies itself directly to the
bulk and body of the foreign importations upon
which the revenue is chargeable, and to the ves-
sels and the agents by which they are brought
into our ports opened to such commerce only
under the protection and by the regulation of the
Federal law.
The well understood and just assumption upon
which all this foreign commerce proceeds is, that
the Federal Government provides for it ports of
entry and delivery, in which it may be entered
and delivered, and in which the lawful duties
( chargeable upop it shall be collected and paid to
! the Federal Government, whose laws have, for
that very consideration,established and m^otected
and regulated such entry and delivery. The fail-
ure to observe those regulations is, by our whole
code of revenue law, visited in penalties upon the
agents by whom the merchandise is transported,
the vessels in which it is carried, and finally in
the form of seizure and forfeiture upon the mer-
chandise itself. All this is a coercion oflaw upon
foreign commerce, and not a coercion of force
upon anv State to which it may be bound. No
i' State can rightfully expect that the United States
I; shall permit foreign commerce to be carried on in
|j ports and places open to it only under their nu-
ll thoriry, without compliance with the constitu-
i tionai conditions under which those ports or
I, places have been thus opened. It is in this view
II that the bill proposes that vessels from a foreign
