1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
the Capitol, the votes being counted and the result
proclaimed.
Mr. GROW. Gentlemen seem to trouble them-
selves a good deal about General Scott on all
occasions.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 39) directing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle the accounts of the
late Robert Stockton, quartermaster, <fec.; when
the Speaker signed the same.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BURNETT. I demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays, ana let us take the ques-
tion by tellers.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Hoard were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 46.
Mr. CURTIS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the same gentlemen
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three.
So (more than one fifth voting in favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CURTIS. I again appeal to gentlemen to
allow this matter to go over as a special order.
Mr. BURNETT. Nothing is in order but the
call of the roll.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that gentlemen on
both sides of the House are laboring under a mis-
apprehension. It seems to me that if we now
adjourn, the gentleman's motion to postpone will
come up in the morning, as unfinished business.
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to know how
that is.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to everything except
the calling of the roll.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Chair has a right
to answer the question.
Mr, RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of oider.
Mr. PHELPS. How can a question of order
be cntciUuned when the House is voting?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have the floor,
if the gentleman from Missouri will allow me.
The SPEAKER. Nothing is in ordrr except
in regard to the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. It is in connec-
tion with that that I desire to state my point of
order. I understand that the Chair was delivering
an opinion as to whether, if the House should
adjourn now, this matter would come up as un-
finished business to-morrow. I ask for the opin-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. WINSLOW. That is not a point of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. It is a question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot consider
that as a point of order; but there is no impro-
priety in the question being asked and answered.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina I under-
stood the Chair to decide, a while ago, that he
could not answer the question if objection were
made.
TheSPEAKER. Ifobjectionbemade, the vote
must be proceeded with.
Mr. BURCH (when his name was called) said :
I cannot vote understanding^, unless the Chair
derides the question asked. [Calls to order.]
Mr. SICKLES addressed the Chair.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, and others,
called the gentleman from New York to order.
Mr. SICKLES. I have a right to be recognized
by the Speaker.
Mr. PHELPS. I call the gentleman to order.
The calling of the roll has been commenced, and
nothing else is in order.
Mr. BURCH. I desire to ask the Chair a ques-
tion, the answer to which will influence my vote.
[Calls to order.]
Mr. IIINDMAN. I insist upon it that the cor-
rect principle is that nothing else is 111 order during
the roll call.
Mr. BURCH. It is a question relating to the
matter before the House.
Mr. CURTIS (when his name was called) said:
Understanding that this matter will come up in
the morning as unfinished business, and as mem-
bers seem anxious to adjourn, I ask leave to with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
There being no objection, the call for the yeas
and nays was withdrawn; and thereupon (at two
o'clock and twenty minutes, p. m.) the House
adjourned.   
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 14,1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.Trum-
bull the committee of one on the part of the Sen-
ate to join the committee that may be appointed
by the House of Representatives, to inform the
President and Y ice President elect of their election.
CONSOLIDATED LAND OFFICES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 841) making further provision in
relation to consohdatedland offices, have instruct-
ed me to report it back without amendment, and
at the same time to propose to put it on its passage
now. It is a bill of public importance, relating
to ajur public land system, and there is no occa-
sion for debate in regard to it. It is recommended
by the General Land Office, and the scope of it
I can state in a word or two. It is now the law,
that when local land offices in a State no longer
pay theirown expenses they shall be consolidated.
That is the law already; but no proper provision
has been made by law for taking care of the rec-
ords, and for the payment of the necessary ex-
penses to carry out that system. I ask that the
bill be put on its passage.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think petitions must
be first received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Potititions have preference under
the rule; but the Senator from Arkansas may in-
sist on Is is motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator from Ark-
ansas if this is the bill that makes an appropria-
tion for the payment of eleiks?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is not the
bill which makes that appropiiation; there is a
special bill befoie us for that purpose. This pro- ^
vides simply for the unprovided expenses of con-
solidated land offices. The law is, that they shall
be consolidated: but provision has not been made
as to the manner of doing it, and the payment of
the expenses.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not wish to ob-
struct anything that my friend from Arkansas
desires so urgently as he does this; but it occurs
to me that, in the morning hour, petitions ought
to be preferred to bills being put upon their pas-
sage, or being debated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Petitions are
first named in the order of business; but it is in
the power of the Senate to change that order by
a vote, and it is the duty of the Chair, when such
a motion is made, to submit it to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is notorious
that all the morning hour, for some considerable
time, has been consumed with petitions. These
petitions every morning recur; they amount to
about the same thing every time; they carry not
one particle of force on the face of God's earth
here in the Senate, which is the place they are
designed to act on. These petitions consume all
the time here; and I know that the mass of Sena-
tors (if not almost every one) are tired of hearing
them. If they were presented, as they are in the
other House, under the rale there, without con-
suming time, it would be all the better; but if I
recollect rightly, there is not a positive provision
, that a petition shall have preference ovei a report
I from a committee; and even if they were, unless
the reception of the report from the committee is
objected to at the time, it cannot be ruled that the
presentation of the report is out of order. When-
ever the report is presented and is accepted by the
Senate, of course the Senate is capable of enter-
taining a motion to put the bill on its passage.
This bill has been put before the Senate in-this
way. I trust the Senator will allow it to pass, as
it is a bill of actual importance, and an econom-
ical bill to the Government of the United States in
relation to the public land system. I would not
urge it but for the fact that I am instructed to do
so by the committee, and I am satisfied of its im-
portance.
The motion -was agreed to; and the bill (H.R. •
No. 841) making further provision in relation to
consolidated land offices, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that here-
after the register Jpr the consolidated land dis-
trict at Boonville, in the State of Missouri, and
of all other consolidated land districts, in conse-
quence of additional duties imposed upon him,
and in addition to the fees now allowed by law,
shall be entitled to charge and receive for making
transcripts for individuals, or furnishing any other
record information respeclingpubhclandsorland
titles in his consolidated land district, such fees as
are properly authorized by the tariff existing in
the local courts in that district; but the whole
amount of the register's compensation, including
all fees and commissions to which he is entitled
under existing laws, is not to exceed $3,000 per
annum, or pro rata per quarter, and the excess, if
any, over that amount, is to be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States; and the receiver is to
receive his equal share of the fees, and it is to be
his duty to aid the register in the preparation of
the transcripts, or giving the record information.
It also proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to make a reasonable allowance for office
rent for any consolidated office; and when satis-
fied of the necessity therefor, to approve the em-
ployment by the register of one or more clerks,
at a reasonable per diem compensation for such
time as tliey are absolutely required to keep up
the current public business, to be paid out of the
surplus fees authorized to be charged, if any, and,
if no surplus exists, out of the appropriation for
incidental expenses of district land offices; but no
clerk is to be so paid unless his employment has
been first sanctioned by the Secretary of the In-
tenor. The bill also extends to and provides for
all expenses heretofore incurred by any register
or receiver of any consolidated land office, for
additional clerical aid or office room.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is unne-
cessary to say more, I believe, than I have said.
The bill applies to all consolidated land offices,
and is according to the recommendation of the
Interior Department.
The bill was repoited to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 115) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of David G. Bates—to the Committee
on Claims.
A bill (No. 734) for the relief of Mrs. Ann E.
Smoot, widow of the late Captain Joseph Smoot,
United States Navy—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
EXTENSION 01' CAPITOL GROUNDS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSenate
a report of the district attorney of the United
States for the District of Columbia, relative to the
value of certain real estate in the city of Wash-
ington; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ICING presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying the passage of a law to pre-
vent all further traffic m, and monopoly of, the
public lands of the United States; and that they
be laid out in farms or lots of limited size for the
free and exclusive use of actual settlers only;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM presented resolutions of the
Legisljture of Michigan against a renewal of the
patent for McCormiek's reaping machine; which
weie ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PEARCE presented papers in relation to
the acceptation of a complimentary testimonial
presented by the Emperor of Russia to Captain
William L. Hudson, of the Navy; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
