THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
  1 UT
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,;D, C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1861.
New Series.....No. 57.
pained here nearly every day to see the Senator
from Kentucky, and others whom I believe to
be loyal and true to this country, and to be lovers
of this Union, turning to the Republican members
in this Chamber,and asking them if theyare true
friends of this Union. Sir, who has menaced the
Union; who has ever said, from the northern
States anywhere, that they were not true to this
Union? The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
said, the other day in his place, that his State had
been engaged in preparing itself for war for the
last twelve months; that they had voted $500,000
to arm the militia; that even towns and counties
had volunteered to raise money to arm the militia
of that State; and for what purpose? To fight
whom, and to fight what? Why have these prep-
arations for war been made all over the South?
And with the speeches that have been made here
showing that the South have been preparing to
arm themselves for the purpose of war, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, who is saving this Union,
has uttered no word of reproof to those gentle-
men who have made those threats here upon this
floor.
I piosent this memorial, and ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the memorial, as follows:
To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives of
the. United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled:
The undeisigned citizens of the State Of Minnesota re-
spectfully represent to your honorable body that several
States of this Union have rebelled against the Government
of the United States; have captured torts, arsenal*, can-
non, small aims, and other property of the United States,
to the amount and value ot several million dollais; that,
within those States, citizens of the fiee States, who have
gone thither for health, pleasuie, or business, relying upon
theguaianteeofoui national Constitution, that "tiio citizens
of each State s-h all be entitled to all the privileges and immu-
nities of citizens of the several States "—rue, hy the score
and hundied,taired and featheicd, banished, and many even
muidered, by lawless mobs, without judge or jury, indict-
ment 01 trial, and their pioperty confiscated without any
process of law ; that the authorities of the States wherein
these crimes are perpetrated take 110 measures to prevent
or punish them, hut rather encourage and approve them;
that among those who have been so maltreated are citizens
of Mninej>ota; that within said rebellious States the Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States are a dead let-
ter, and the authority of the General Government defied ;
that an American vessel, bearing the flag of the United
States and in Government employ, has been, by rebels and
traitor^, fned upon, and by foice prevented ftom entering a
port of the United States; that the channels leading into
some of tlje ports of the United States have been, by the
authoutyof the rebellious States aforesaid, blocked upand
obstructed ; that eoii>pnacie  have been set on foot to take
po*sp«Ninn f f the capital of the United States by an armed
foe in open rebellion against the Government; that the
navigation of the Mississippi river has been and is impeded
and prevented by means of a battery, or batteues, planted
on its shores, by authority of one of the said rebellious-
States; and that your petitioner cannot learn tiiat the con-
stituted authorities of the Government have taken, or are
taking, efficient measures to put a stop to or to punish such
pioeeedmgs, or to prevent their lepetitionand indefinite ex-
tension.
Your petitioners also learn that certain measuics have
been uiged upon your honniable body, having mainly in
view the extension arid peipetuation of slavery, as a means
ot buying off the perpetrators of the above stated outrages
ftom continuing and aggravating them.
Your petitioners aicTconvineed that such measures will
not have the desired effect; and that it is due to the integ-
rity of our Government, as well as to the law-abiding cit-
izens who claim its piotection, that the laws shall bo en-
forced. Ck and that the Federal Constitution, the lights of
States^ and the Union of the States, shall be preserved."
Wherefoie yom petitioners pray that your honorable body
wili placo at the disposal of the President of the United
States such means, in men and money, as may be neces-
sary foi the puipose; and that you call upon him to en-
ibicc the Uuv&, to leinforce the toils threatened by rebel*,
to lecapture (if not peaceably delivered up on demand) the
foils and munitions ot war of which the Government has
been robbed, to take measure^ to bring traiiots to tnal and
punishment, and, gcneially, to see to it that the Republic
receives no detnmeut at the hands of rebels and traitors.
And your petitioners respeetf ully but firmly protest against
the adoption by your honoiable body of any proposition foi
amending the Constitution, with a view to conciliate States
which are in open lebellion, or which threaten rebellion if
their demand1? be not complied with, until such States squill
have returned to their allegiance, and have withdrawn their
threats of rebellion. And especially do your petitioner
piotest against the enactment of any law, or the adoption
of any proposition for amending the Constitution, which
lias in view the extension of human slavery.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RICE. I have just listened to a very long
petition coming from the citizens of Minnesota,
u appears to be very lengthy, so far as ths peti-
57
tion itself is concerned, but very short in regard
to the names. I received last night a'very short
petition, with alarge number of respectable names,
and I desire to say that I believe within a few
days evidence will come from my State that a very
large majority of the people arefortheUnion,and
that they are for peace, and that they desire the
vexed questions, now agitating the country, set-
tled in an amicable manner, and in a mannerthat
will be honorable to every section. As this me-
morial contains but a few lines, I ask to have it
read.
The Secretary read, as follows;
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Gentlemen: The undersigned citizens of the city of
Hasting*, representing the nationalities oftheNewand Old
World, fraternally united in devotion to the Constitution
of the Federal Union, and the principles of free government
thereby secured, look with anxiety and alarm upon the in-
crease of public dissension, evidently arising from the per-
turbed state ot political affairs now threatening the dis-
ruption and overthrow of the most pcrfect system of civil
government ever deviled by the wisdom of men. The se-
cession of five States ftom the Confedeiaey, our kindred
in blood and language, and of the same political affiliations,
and the threatened defection of others, fill us with deep
concern that any condition of our national affair*, or acts
of legislation, should have led to such calamitous remits.
As we deprecate the spirit ot elimination, which encendeis
recrimination, a fanatical policy fraught only with mUchief,
and de&tiuctive to peace, we pass aside from any allusions
to the causes of existing trouble, and pray your honorable
bodies speedily to pass upon such measures as will give
quiet to a feverish and distracted country.
We would rc&pecttuUy lecommend the plan of adjust-
ment embraced in the Cuttenden resolutions, 01 that sub-
mitted by Hon. II. M. IIice, a modification of either, or
combination of the principles of both, such as will secure
equal justice to eveiy section of our once piosperous Union,
reconc-ile conflicting passions, and forever put to rest sec-
tional strife, hitherto so fruitful in discord and anarchy.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to present the
petition of six hundred delegates constituting a
Democratic convention of the State of New York,
held on Thursday, the 31st of January, 1861, at
Albany, in which that respectable and numerous
body of delegates submit to the Senate of the
United States their views upon the great ques-
tions agitating the public mind. As these gentle-
men belong to a party different from that which
has sent me here, I feel that it would be injustice
to them not to present their memorial at the ear-
liest hour, and I do so at once. I ask that it lie
on the table; and out of respect for the conven-
tion, I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM L. HUDSON.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the folio wing resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire, into the propriety of authorizing by
law Captain \V1ll1am L. HmiUon, of the United States
Navy, to accept a complimentary testimonial presented to
lum by the Emperor of Russia.
INAUGURATION OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Rcsolced, That a committee of three Senators he ap
pointed by the Presiding Officer to make the necessary ar
ramremeiit® for the reception and mauguiauon of the Pres
ident elect on the 4th ot Maich next*
The VICE PRESIDENTappointedMr. Foot,
Mr. Pearce, and Mr. Baker, the committee 011
the part of the Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Mil
itary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred
the petition of George P. Ihrie, praying compen-
sation for services on the boundary survey be-
tween the United States and Mexico, and an al-
lowance for transportation from saitl survey to
his home, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 5G-1) for the relief of George P. Ihrie.
The bill was read, and passed to second reading;
and the repmt was oidered to be printed.
Mr. IIALE, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Cap-
tain French Forrest, United States Navy, for ad-
ditional compensation for his services while in
command of the Pacific squadron, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Terri-
tories,to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill (S. No. 565) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Dakota, and to create
the office of surveyor general therein; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No.
563) to organize the Territory ofItfevada; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GREEN notified the Senate that he would
call up these bills as soon as possible.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Glossbrenkek, his Secretary,
announced that the President of the United States
yesterday approved and signed the following acts
and joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 531) to change the name of the
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook;
An act (S. No. Ill) for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer; and
A joint resolution (S.No. 58) authorizing Lieu-
tenant T. A. M. Craven, United States Navy, to
receive certain marks of distinction tendered him
by the Spanish Government.
LOTS AT PRAIRIE DU CHIEN.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask leave to withdraw
a motion made by myself to reconsider a bill.
The bill was passed, and on my motion it was
reconsidered. It is in relation to quit-claiming
the interest of the United States to certain lands
at Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin. I was acting
under a misapprehension at the time, and I desire
to withdraw the motion to reconsider, so that the
bill may go to the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
hears no objection, and the motion is withdrawn.
DEXTER R. CROCKER.
Mr. LANE. I now ask permission of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill for the relief of Dexter R.
Crocker. It is Senate bill No. 546, reported from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WADE. The bill for the relief George
II. Giddings was the unfinished business of the
morning hour yesterday. I hope that will bo
taken up. It is m order.
Mr. LANE. I do not intend to oppose taking
up that bill. I only want to say that this is for the
relief of a gentleman now living in Iowa, where he
has resided many years, who performed certain
services in Oregon, to my knowledge, and, per-
haps, no other person who will be here after me
will know of the services. It is just; and the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
reported the bill, and recommended its passage.
If the Senator will allow it to come up, I shall be
willing that it may go over if it leads to debate;
and his bill will be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the special order has arrived, and it must be taken
up, unless otherwise directed by the Senate.
Mr. LANE. I beg the Senate just to allow
this bill to be taken up, and then it may go over,
if it gives rise to discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiom Oregon asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up the bill referred to.
Mr. CLARK and Mr. CAMERON objected.
Mr. LANE. Then I shall ask a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itismovedto
postpone the special order, which is House 1>ill
No. 338, a bill to provide for the payment of out-
standing Treasury notes, &c.
Mr. WILSON. Before we proceed to consider
the tariff bill, which, I believe, is the unfinished-
business, I want to make a motion in regard to
the message, upon which I had the floor to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
motion pending which the Senator will allow the
Chair to dispose of. Itis to postpone the special
