1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong 2d Suss,
hundred and fifty-nine, did form for themselves a
constitution and State government, republican in
form, which was ratified and adopted by the peo-
ple at an election held for that purpose on Tues-
day,thefourth day of October, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-nine, and the said convention
has, in their name and behalf, asked the Congress
of the United States to admit the said Territory
into theUnion as a State, on an equal footing with
the other States: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprc-
sentatives ofthe United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the State of Kansas shall be, and
is hereby declared to be, one of the United States
of America, and admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the Original States in all re-
spects whatever. And the said State shall con-
sist of all the territory included within the follow-
ing boundaries, to wit: Beginning at a point on
the western boundary of the State of Missouri,
where the thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude
crosses the same; thence west on said parallel to
the twenty-fifth meridian of longitude west from
Washington; thence north oil said meridian to
the fortieth parallel of latitude; thence east oil
said parallel to the western boundary of the State
of Missouri; thence south with the western bound-
ary of said State to the place of beginning: Pro-
vided, That nothing contained in the said consti-
tution respecting the boundary of said State shall
be construed to impair the rights of person or
property now pertaining to the Indians in said
Territory, so long as such rights shall remain un-
extinguished by treaty between the United States
and such Indians, or to include any territory
which, by treaty with such Indian tribe, is not,
without the consent of said tribe, to be included
within the territorial limits or jurisdiction of any
State or Territory; but all such territory shall be
excepted out of the boundaries, and constitute no
part of the State of Kansas, until said tribe shall
signify their assent to the President of the United
States to be included within said State, or to affect
the authority of the Government of the United
States to make any regulation respecting such
Indians, their lands, property, or other rights, by
treaty, law, or otherwise, which it would have been
competent to make if this act had never passed.
Sec. 2. And belt farther enacted, That until the
next general apportionment of Representatives
the State of Kansas shall be entitled to one Rep-
resentative in the House of Representatives of the
United States.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, Thatnothing
in this act shall be construed as an assent by Con-
gress to all or to any of the propositions or claims
contained in the otdinance of said constitution of
the people of Kansas,or in the resolutions thereto
attached; but the following propositions are hereby
offered to the said people of Kansas for their free
acceptance or rejection, which, if accepted, shall
bp obligatory oii the United States and upon the
said State of Kansas, to wit: First, That sections
numbered sixteen and thirty-six in«every town-
shipof public lands in said State, and where either
ofsaidsectionsorany part thereof has been sold or
otherwise been disposed of, otherlands, equivalent
thereto and as contiguous as may be, shall be
granted to said State for the use of schools. Sec-
ond, That seventy-two sections of land shall be
set apart and reserved for the use and support of
a State University, to be selected by the Governor
of said State, subject to the approval of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and to be
appropriated and applied in such manner as the
Legislature of said State may prescribe for the
purpose aforesaid, but for no other purpose.
Third, That ten entire sections of land, to be se-
lected by the Governor of said State, in legal sub-
divisions, shall lie granted to said State for the
purpose of completing the public buildings, or for
the erection of others at the seat of government,
umler the direction of the Legislature thereof.
Fourth, That all salt springs within said State,
not exceeding twelve in number, with six sections
of land adjoining, or as contiguous as may be to
each, shall be granted to said State forits use, the
same to be selected by theGovernor thereof within
one year after thfi admission of said State5 and
when so selected, to be used or disposed of on
such terms, conditions, and regulations as the Le-
gislature shall direct: Provided, Thatnosaltspung
or land, the right whereof is now vested in any
individual or individuals, or which may be hereaf-
ter confirmed or adjudged to any individual or indi-
viduals, shall by this article be gran ted to said State.
Fifth, Thatfive per centum of the net proceeds of
sales of all public lands lying within said State
which shall be sold by Congressaftertheadmission
of said State into the Union, after deducting all the
expenses incident to the same, shall be paid to
said State for the purpose of making public roads
and internal improvements, or for other purposes,
as the Legislature shall direct: Provided, Thatlhe
foregoing propositions hereinbefore offered are on
the condition that the people of Kansas shall pro-
vide byan ordinance, irrevocable without the con-
sent of the United States, that said State shall
never interfere with the primary disposal of the
soil within the same by the United States, or with
any regulations Congress may find necessary for
securing the title in said soil to bona fide pur-
chasers thereof. Sixth, And that the said State
shall never tax the lands or the property of the
United States in said State: Provided, however,
That in case any of the lands herein granted to
the State of Kansas have heretofore been con-
firmed to the Territory of Kansas for the pur-
poses specified in this act, the amount so con-
firmed shall be deducted from the quantity specified
in this act.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That from
and after the admission of the State of Kansas,
as hereinbefore provided, all the laws of the United
States, which are not locally inapplicable, shall
have the same force and effect within that Slate as
in other States of the Union; and the said State is
hereby constituted a judicial district of the United
States, within which a district court, with the like
powers and jurisdiction as the district court of
the United States for the district of Minnesota,
shall be established; the judge, attorney, and mar-
shal of the United States for the said district of
Kansas shall leside within the same, and shall be
entitled to the same compensation as the judge,
attorney, and marshal of the district of Minne-
sota; and in all cases of appeal or writ of error
heretofore prosecuted, and now pending in the
Supreme Court of the United States, upon any
record from the supreme court of Kansas Tern-
ary, the mandate of execution or order of further
proceedings shall be directed by the Supreme
Court of the United States to the district court of
I the United States for the district of Kansas, or to
the supreme court of the State of Kansas, as the
I nature of such appeal or writ of error may require;
I and each of those courts shall be the successor
I of the supreme court of Kansas Territory, as to
i all such cases, with full power to hear and de-
termine the same, and to award mesne or final
| process therein.
I Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, Thatthejudge
of the district court for the district of Kansas shall
hold two regular terms of the said court annually,
at the seat of government of the said State, to
commence on the second Mondays of April and
October in each year.
Approved, January 29, 1861.
Chap. XXV.—An Act to authorize the exten-
sion and use of a branch of the Alexandria,
Loudon, and Hampshire Railroad within the
City of Georgetown.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Alexandiia, Loudon, and
Hampshire Railroad Company be, and they are
hereby, authorized and empowered to extend a
branch of their railroad into and within the city
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, and
that safd company shall have and exercise the
same rights and poweis and be subject to the same
regulations and restrictions, in regard to the con-
struction and use of such extension, as are or
may be granted and prescribed by the charter of
said company in regard to the main stem of said
road, or by the laws of Virginia in relation to
railroads within that State.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the cor-
poiate authorities of the city of Georgetown shall
have power to regulate the manner and speed of
running the cars of said company within the limits
of said city.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
company shall have power to construct and op-
erate their said extension upon such streets and
public ways ill said city as may be deemed most
expedient by the said company, and with' the
consent of the corporate authorities of said city.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Cir-
cuit Court of the District of Columbia, and the.
several officers thereof, shall have and exercise all
the powers and duties in relation to the condem-
nation and aequisition of land or other property
by the said company for the purposes of such
extension of their branch as are or may be pos-
sessed and exercised by the courts of Virginia
and their officers in regard to the same; and the
same proceedings shall be had therein as are or
may be proscribed or authorized by the laws of
Virginia in such cases.
Approved, February 5, 1861.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act authorizing a Loan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Presidentof the United States
be, and hereby is, authorized, at any time before
the 1st day of July next, to borrow, on the credit
of the United States, a sum not exceeding twenty-
five millions of dollars, or so much thereof as, m
his opinion, the exigencies of the public service
may require to be used in the payment of the cur-
rent demands upon the Treasury, and for the re-
demption of Treasury notes now outstanding, and
to replace in the Treasury any amount of said
notes which shall have been paid and received for
public dues.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That stock
shall be issued for the amount so borrowed, bear-
ing interest not exceeding six per centum per
annum, and to be reimbursed within a period not
beyond twenty years and not less than ten years;
and the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is
hereby, authorized, with the consent of the Pres-
ident, to cause certificates of stock to be prepared,
which shall be signed by the Register and sealed
with the seal of the Treasury Department, for the
amount so borrowed, in favor of the parties lend-
ing the same, or their assigns, which certificates
may be transferred on the books of the Treasury,
under such regulations as may be established by
the Secretary of the Treasury: Provided, That no
certificate shall be issued for a less sum than one
thousand dollars: And provided also, That, when-
ever required, the Secretary of the Treasury may
cause coupons of semi-annual interest payable
thereon to be attached to certificates issued under
this act; and any certificate with such coupons of
interest attached may be assigned and transferred
by delivery of the same, instead of being trans-
ferred on the books of the Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That, before
awarding said loan, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause to be inserted in two of the public
newspapers of the city of Washington, and in
one or more public newspapers in oilier cities of
the United States, public notice that sealed pro-
posals for such a loan will be received until a
certain day, to be specified in such notice, not less
than ten days from its first insertion in a Wash-
ington newspaper; and such notice sliall state the
! amount of the loan, at what periods the money
shall be paid, if by installments, and at what places.
Such sealed proposals shall happened on the day
appointed in the notice, in the presence of such
persons as may choose to attend, and the propo-
sals decided by the Secretary of the Treasury,
who shall accept the most favorable offered by
responsible bidders for said stock. And the said
Secretary shall report to Congress, at the com-
mencement of the next session, the amount of
money borrowed under this act, and of whom and
on what terms it shall have been obtained, with
an abstract or brief statement of all the proposals
submitted for the same, distinguishing between
those accepted and those rejected, with a detailed
statement of the expense of making such loans.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the faith
of the United States is hereby pledged for the due
payment of the interest and the redemption of the
principal of said stock.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the res-
idue of the loan authorized by the act of twenty-
