816
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 20,
36th Cong....2d Sbss.
Laivs of the United States.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz.:
for fuel j light, repairs, and miscellaneous expenses,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, fifty-three thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of the First Comptroller, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborers in his office,
thirty-three thousand seven hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office,
twenty-eight thousand two hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and la-
borer in his office, forty-two thousand nine hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, thirty-eight thousand one
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and
the plerks, messengers, assistant messenger, and
laborers in his office, ninety-three thousand four
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his office, thirty-one thousand nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office, sev-
enteen thousand four hundred and sixty-nine dol-
lars and seventy-six cents.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the PostOffice Department, and the clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, one hundred and eighty-one thousand
five hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborers in his office, twenty-eight
thousand one hundred and fifty-one dollars and
twenty-four cents.
For compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks, messenger, assistant messen-
ger, and laborers in his office, fifty-three thousand
throe hundred arid forty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
eighteen thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of tho Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in
his office, twenty thousand four hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer of the Light-House Board, nine thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department.
In the Office of the Secretary of tho Treasury:
For copying, blank-books, stationery, binding,
sealing ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra clerk hire for pre-
paring and collecting information to be laid before
Congress, and for miscellaneous items, twelve
thousand dollars.
In the Office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, blank-books, binding, station-
ery, public documents, State and Terntoiia! stat-
utes, and miscellaneous items, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
In the Office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, pay for
two daily papers published in the city of Wash-
ington, to be filed and preserved for the use of the
office, office furniture, and miscellaneous items,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
In the Office of the First Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, and miscellaneous items, including sub-
scription for two daily papers published in the
city of Washington, to be filed for the use of the
office, one thousand five hundred dollars.
In the Office of the Second Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, and miscellaneous items, including two
of the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
Office of the Third Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, office furniture, car-
peting, two daily newspapers published in the city
of Washington, files and papers bounty land ser-
vice, and miscellaneous items, one thousand dol-
lars.
In the Office of the Fourth Auditor:
For stationery, books,binding, labor, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
In the Office of the Fifth Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, carpeting, and miscellaneous expenses,
in which are included two daily newspapers, eight
hundred dollars.
In the Office of the Auditor of the Treasury
for the PostOffice Department:
For blank-books, binding, and ruling, and fur-
niture, ten thousand one hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
In the Office of the Treasurer;
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand dollars. .
In the Office of the Register:
For ruling and full-binding books for recording
collectors' quarterly abstracts of commerce and
navigation, and blank abstracts for their use,
blank-books, binding, and stationery, arranging
and binding canceled marine papers, cases for
official papers and recoids, and miscellaneous
items, including' officc furniture and carpeting, six
thousand dollars.
Light-House Board.
For blank-books, binding, stationery, miscel-
laneous expenses, and postage, six hundred dol-
lars.
For the general purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building, including the Extension, and the Build-
ing occupied by the Attorney General and the First
Auditor.
For compensation of twelve watchmen and
eleven laborers of the Southeast Executive Build-
ing, thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, fuel,
light, and miscellaneous items, ten thousand dol-
lars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
For compensation of the Secretary of the In-
terior, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
sengers, watchmen, and laborers in his office,
thirty-six thousand nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Officc, and the recorder, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, packers, watchmen, and
laborers in his office, one hundred and seventy-
five thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For additional clerks in the General Land Office,
under the act of third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, granting bounty land, and for la-
borers employed therein, fifty-eight thousand four
hundred dollars: "Provided) That the Secretary of
the Interior, at his discretoin, shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized to use any portion of said
appropriation for piece-work, or by the day, week,
month, or year, at such rate or rates as he may
deem just and fair.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, watchmen, and laborer in his office,
thirty-one thousand nine hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and the clerks, messenger, [assistant] mes-
sengers, and laborers in his office, eighty-two
thousand three hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
* For books, stationery, furniture, fuel, 1'ghts,
and other contingencies, and for books and maps
for the library, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For casual repairs nf the Patent Office building,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing con-
gressional journals and documents, in pursuance
of the provisions contained in the joint resolution
of Congress, approved twenty-eighth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and act fifth
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, three
thousand dollars.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
General Land Office:
For cash system and military patents, under
laws prior to twenty-eighth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty; patent and other records; tract-
books and blank-books for this and the district
land offices: binding plats and field notes, sta-
tionery, furniture, and repairs of same, and mis-
cellaneous items, including two of the daily city
newspapers, to be filed, bound, and preserved
for the use of the office; also, for contingent
expenses, in addition, under swamp-land act of
twenty-eighth September, eighten hundred and
fifty; military bounty acts of twenty-eighth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty, and twenty-
second March, eighteen hundred and fifty-two;
and art thirty-first August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, for the satisfaction of Virginia land
warrants; and for contingent expenses under act
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
granting bounty land, and amendatory act of
fourth [fourteenth] May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, for patents, patent and other records,
stationery, and miscellaneous items, on account
of bounty land under said act, forty-two thousand
dollars.
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses attend-
ing the same, including pay of furnace-keepers,
two thousand dollars.
Pension Office:
For stationery, binding books, furniture, and
repairing the same; miscellaneous items, including
two daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, <i u
preserved for the use of the office, and for engrav-
ing and retouching plates for bounty land war-
rants, printing and binding the same, fifteen thou-
sand dollai s.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, and the clerk and messenger in his
office, four thousand two hundred dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, plans, drawings,
and other contingent expenses of the officc of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Florida, and the clerks in hi^office, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in Jus officc,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor genera! of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Cali-
fornia, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, including pay of messenger, three thou-
sand dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and othei incidental expenses, two thousand dol-
lars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in New
Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, fuel, and incidental expenses,
two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California, and the clerks in his office, fifteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, and the clerks in his of-
ficc, seven thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
New Mexico, and clerks in his office, seven thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation of translator in the office of
the surveyor general of New Mexico, two thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
