1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3IT
Laws of the. United States.
36th Cong....2d
Kansas and Nebraska,and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor genera! of
Utah, and the clerks in his office, two thousand
six hundred and fifty-five dollars and fifteen cents.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota, and the clerks in his office, eight
thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of clerks in the offices of the
surveyors general, to be apportioned to them ac-
cording to the exigencies of the public service,
and to be employed in transcribing field notes of
surveys, for the purpose of preserving them at
the seat of government, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For salary of the recorder of land titles in Mis-
souri, five hundred dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, twenty-two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Adjutant General, thirteen
thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Quartermaster General, six-
teen thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Paymaster General, twelve
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
Furcompensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of the Commissary Goneial,
ten thousand and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Surgeon General, five thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of Topographical Engineers,
ten thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chivf Engineer, eight thousand
two hundred and forty dollais.
For compensation of the clerks and messengei
in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, twelve
thousand two hundred and forty dollars. *
Contingent Expenses of the War Department,
Office of the Secretary of War:
For blank-books, stationery, books, maps,
extra clerk hire, and miscellaneous items, six
thousand dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, including office of judge advo-
cate, two thousand two hundred dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, miscel-
laneous items, and new furniture and book-cases,
two thousand one hundred dollars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery,and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, an?! mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, including two daily Washington
papers, nine hundred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Office of Colonel of Ordnance:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Topographical Engi-
neers:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For the general purposes of the Northwest
Executive Building:
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers of the northwest
Executive building, three thousand eight hundred
and fifty dollars.
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous items, four
thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the building
corner of P and Seventeeth streets: '
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers for said building,
three thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of fireman, and miscel-
laneous items, four thousand eight hundred
dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger,
and laborer in his office, twenty-nine thousand
six hundred dollars
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Navy-Yards and Docks, and the clerks, messen-
ger, and laborers in his office, fourteen thousand
one hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Ordnance and Hydrography, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, twelve thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Construction^Equipment, and Repairs, and of the
Engineer-m-Chipf, and the clerks, messenger,and
laborers in his office, twenty-one thousand three
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
eight thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery, and the clerks, messen-
ger, and laborer in his office, nine thousand five
hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent expenses of the Navy Department.
Office Secretary of the Navy:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, news-
papers, periodicals, and miscellaneous items, two
thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For stationery, books, plans, and drawings,
eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnancc and Hydrography:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and
Repairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, print-
ing, and miscellaneous items, eight hundred dol-
lars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, four hundred and fifty dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen of the
Southwest Executive building, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items,
three thousand nine hundred and thirteen dol-
lars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laborers of said Department, one hun-
dred and fifty-seven thousand eight hundred dol-
lai s.
Con/m^en* expenses of said Department.
For blank-books, binding, ond stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office building, indudingthe
Auditor's office, oil, gas, and candles, printing,
for repairs of the General Post Office building,
office furniture, glazing, painting, whitewashing
and for keeping" the fireplaces and furnaces in
order, for engineer, (for steam engine.) laborers,
watchmen, repairs of furniture, and for miscel-
laneous items, thirty-three thou&and dollars.
PRINTING FOR EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
For paper and printing of the Executive De-
partments, including the paper, printing, and
binding the Biennial Register, and the annual
statement of commeice and navigation, and the
paner and printing of the annual estimates of ap-
propriations, fifty-five thousand dollars: Provided,
That the preparation of the said Register shall be
made under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior.
MINT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Jit Philadelphia.
For salaries of the director, treasurer, assayer,
melter and refiner, chief coiner and engraver, as-
sistant assayer, assistant melter and refiner, and
seven clerk?, twenty-seven thousand nine hun-
dred dollars. ' -
For wages of workmen and adjusters, fifty
thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
cluding wastage, fifteen thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be reserved
at the mint, three hundred dollars.
For transportation of bullion from New York
assay office to the United States Mint for coin-
age, five thousand dollars.
Jit San Francisco, California.
Fors&lariesof superintendent, treasurer, assay-
er, melter and refiner, coiner, and six clerks,
thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, in addi-
tion to estimated deductions from depositors, one
hundred and three thousand nine hundred and
twenty-eight dollars. t
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, forty thousand four hundred and
thirty-three dollars.
Jit New Orleans.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, coiner, melter and refiner, and three clerks,
eighteen thousand three hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For incidental and contingentexpenses,includ-
ing wastage, twenty thousand dollars.
As^ay OJJicc, New York.
For salaries of officers and clerks, twenty-four
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, thirty-six thousand
dollars.
Jit Charlotte, North Carolina.
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
GOVERNMENTS IN THE TERRITORIES.
Territory ofNeiv Mexico.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, nine thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For interpreter an J translator in the executive
office, five hundred dollars.^
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, cleiks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Washington.
For salaries of governor, tlnec judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
Fur contingentexpenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, including
the sum of three hundred and seventy-five dol-
lars due for codifying the laws, twenty thousand
dollars.
Territory of Nebraska.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingentexpenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
