318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20.,
36tii Cong-.... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Kansas.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, to reimburse Wilson
Shannon, while acting Governor of the Territory
of Kansas, one hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
judiciary.
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court and eight associate justices, fifty-four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges, one hundred
and fifteen thousand one hundred and eighty-four
dollars and six cents.
For salary of the circuit judge of California, six
thousand dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the District
of Columbia, the associate judges, and the judges
of the criminal court and the orphans' court, fif-
teen thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
* Office of the Attorney General,
For salaries of the Attorney General, Assistant
Attorney General, and the clerks and messenger
in his office, seventeen thousand live hundred dol-
lars.
For continent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, one thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For purchase of law books, and necessary
books for the office of the Attorney General, five
hundred dollars.
For furniture for the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral, three hundred dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary ex-
penditures in the disposal of private land claims
m California, ten thousand dollars.
For special and other extraordinary expenses
of California land claims, twenty thousand dol-
lais.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of
the Supreme Court, one thousand three hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
cloven thousand eight hundred and fifty dollais.
For compensation of the marshals, ten thousand
four hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme,
circuit, and district court[s] of the United States,
including the District of Columbia; also, for jurors
and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred in the
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, and previous yeaus; and likewise
for defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United States are concerned, and of prosecutions
for offenses committed against the United States,
and for thesafe-keepingof prisoneis, one million
dollars.
annuities and grants.
To Elizabeth C. Perry, per act second March,
eighteen hundred and twenty-one, four hundred
dollars.
independent treasury.
For salaries of the assistant treasurers of the
United States at New York, Boston, Charleston,
and Saint Louis, sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For additional salaries of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia, of one thousand dollais, and
of the treasurer of the btanch mint at New Or-
leans, of five hundred dollar*, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salaiies of the five additional clerks author-
ized by the acts of sixih August, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, and paid under acts of twelfth
August, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,and third \
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, live thou- j
sand seven hundred dollars. !
For salary of additional clerk in office of assist-
ant treasurer at Boston, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries? of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men in the ofiice of the assistant treasurer at New
York, thirteen thousand nine hundred dollars.
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local
inspectors, appointed under act thirtieth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the better pro-
tection of the lives of passengers by steamboats,
with traveling and otner expenses incurred by
them, eighty thousand dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-ciosets in the Capitol, four hundred and
thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of twenty-four laborers em-
ployed in the public grounds and President'sgar-
den, thirteen thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, eight hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
F# r compensation of two night watchmen em-
ployed at the President's House, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For co mpensation of the doorkeeper at the Pres-
ident's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman em-
ployed for the better protection of the buildings
lying south of the Capitol, and used as public
stables and carpenters' shops, six hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of watchman employed on
reservation number two, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the assistant doorkeeper
at the President's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of four draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, three
thousand two hundred and sixty-six dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges acioss the Eastern Branch of the Po-
tomac, and for fuel, oil,and lamps,one thousand
one hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of tho Auxiliary Guard and
one lieutenant, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, and
for twenty policemen, thirty-two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For fnmnee-keeper at the President's House,
six hundred dollars.
For refurnishing the President's House, to be
expended under the direction of the President, m
addition to the proceeds of the sale of such of the
furniture and equipage as may be decayed and
unfit for use, twenty thousand dollars.
For introducing the Potomac watei into the
President's House, four thousand four hundred
and twenty dollars.
Expenses vf the Collection of the Revenue from
Lands.
To meet tho expenses of collecting the reve-
nue from the sale of public lands in the
several States and Territories:
For salaries smd commissions of registers of
land officers, and receivers of public moneys, two
hundred and thirty-four thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For expenses of depositing public moneys by
receivers of public moneys, twenty-eight thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses of the several land
offices, twenty-five thousand dollars.
penitentiary.
For compensation of the warden, clerk, physi-
cian, chaplain, assistant keepers, guards, and
matron of the penitentiary of the Distiict of Co-
lumbia, thirteen thousand six hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of three inspectors of said
penitentiary, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the support and maintenance of said peni-
tentiary, eight thousand four hundred and sev-
enly-six dollars and twenty-five cents.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That there is
hereby further appropriated, m like manner, to
pay arrears due authors and artists of the explor-
ing expt dition, in pursuance of the act of August
twenty-sixth, eighteen hundied and forty-two,
eleven thousand and thirty-six dollars and twen-
ty-six cents.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the fifth section of chapter ninety-seven
of the act of Congress approved March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, requiring the
Secretary of the Treasury to limit the amount of
refining at the Mint, whenever private establish-
ments shall be capable of refining bullion, shall
be extended to the several branches of the mint
and to the United States assay office at New
York, in all cases where deposits of bullion are
made for coins or fine bars.
Approved, February 20, 1861.
Chap. XLV.—An Act to carry into effect Con-
ventions between the United States and the
Republics of New Granada and Costa Rica.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of 'America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint a commissioner whose duty it shall
be, conjointly with a commissioner appointed by
the Government of New Granada, to investigate,
adjust, and determine the amount of the claims
of citizens of the United States against the Gov-
ernment of New Granada, pursuantt^ the terms
of a convention signed at Washington on the
tenth of September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint a secre-
tai y to said commissioner in behalf of the United
States, versed in the English and Spanish lan-
guages, and the said board is hereby authorized
to appoint a clerk.
Sec.3. Andbe it further enacted, Thatthe com-
pensation of the respective officers, for whose ap-
pointment provision is made by this act, shall be
as follows: to the commissioner, in full for his
services, two thousand five hundred dollars; to
the secretary and interpreter, in full for his ser-
vices, the sum of two thousand dollars; and the
President of the United States shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized to make such provision for
the contingent expenses of the said commission
on the part of the United States as shall to him
appear reasonable and proper.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatthe said
commissioner on the part of the United States, in
conjunction with the commissioner on the part of
New Granada, shall be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to make all needful rules and regulations for
conducting the business of their said commission;
such rules and regulations not contravening tho
Constitution of the United States, the provisions
of tins act, or the provisions of the said conven-
tion.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted* That the Sec-
retary of State is hereby authorized and required
to transmit to the said commissioner such papers
or records relating to the said commission as he
may deem proper, or as may be called for by the
said commissioners, and at the termination of the
commission, all the reeoids, documents, and all
other papers which have been hi ought before the
commissioners, or which may be in possession
of their secretary 5 shall be deposited in the De-
partment of State: Provided, That this section
shall not be so construed as to prevent the com-
missioner on the part of New Granada from de-
positing in the said Department certified copies or
duplicates of papeis filed on behalf of his Govern-
ment instead of originals.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That upon
suggestion by any claimant that a witness whose
testimony may be deemed important to him re-
fuses oi is unwilling to testify in regard to his
claim, it shall be competent for said board of
commissioners to issue a commission to some
suitable person to take the testimony of such wit-
ness, arid such witness may be compelled to ap-
pear and testify before such commissioners in the
same manner as is now provided by law m-the
case of commissions issued from the courts of the
United States.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That all ac-
knowledgment of indebtedness on the part of the
Government of New Granada to claimants, citi-
zens of the United States, being established by
the award of tho board of commissioners, shall
bo delivered to the Government of the United
States, and made payable thereto; and the United
