1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong....2d
States shall thereupon assume and pay to such
claimants, at the Treasury, upon the certificate
of the board of commissioners, whatsoever sums
of money shall have been severally awarded
them, the Government of the United States be-
coming thereby the creditor of the Government
of New Granada, for the aggregate of ali sums so
assumed and paid, and entitled to receive to that
extent the payment stipulated and guarantied
under the tiara article of the convention referred
to in the first section of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That for the
compensation of the officers authorized by the third
section,and the contingent expenses of the commis-
sioner on the part of the United States, and for the
compensation andexpenscsoftheumpirc under the
said convention, which is required to be defrayed
by the United States, and likewise to pay the
awards which may be made, according to the pro-
visions of the seventh section of this act, such
sums as may be necessary be and they hereby are
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enact ed, That the Pres-
ident of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint a com-
missioner, whose duty it shall be, conjointly with
a commissioner appointed by the Government of
Costa Rica, to investigate, adjust, and determine
the amount of the claims of citizens of the United
States against the Government of Costa Rica, pur-
suant to the terms of a convention signed at San
Jose, on the second day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty.
Sec. 10. vlnd be it further enacted, Thatthecom-
pcnsation of the commissioner, for whoso appoint-
ment provision is made by this act, shall be, in
full for his services, two thousand five hundred
dollars; and the President of the United States
shall be and he is hereby authoiized to make such
provision for the contingent expenses of the said
commission on the part of the United States as
shall to him appear reasonable and proper.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That the said
commissioner on the part of the United Suites, in
conjunction with the commissioner on the part of
Costa Rica, shall be and lie is hereby authorized
to make all needful rules and regulations for con-
ducting the business of their said commission;
such rules and regulations not contravening the
Constitution of the United States, the provisions
of this act, or the provisions of the said conven-
tion.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retaiy of State is hereby authorized and requiied
to transmit to the said commissioner such papers
or records relating to the said commission as he
may deem propei, oi as may be called for by the
said commissioner, and at the termination of the
commission, all the records, documents, and all
other papers which have been brought before the
commissioners, or which may be in possession of
their secretary, shall be deposited in the Depart-
ment of State: Provided, That this section shall
nut be so construed as to prevent the commissioner
on the part of Costa Rica from depositing in the
said Department certified copies or duplicates of
papers filed on behalf of his Government, instead
of originals.
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That upon
suggestion by any claimant that a witness whose
testimony may be deemed important to him re-
fuses or is uuwiliing to testify in regard to his
claim, it shall be competent for said board of com-
missioners to issue a commission to some suitable
person to take the testimony of such witness, and
such witness may be compelled to appear and tes-
tify before such commissioners in the same man-
ner as is now provided by law in the case of com-
missions issued from the courts of the United
States.
vSkc. 14. And be it further enacted, That lor the
compensation of the commission authoiized by
tho tenth section, and the contingent expenses of
tin.- commission on the part of the United States,
and for the compensation and expenses of the
umpire under the said convention, which are re-
qnned to bi* defrayed by the United states, such
yarns as may be necessary be and they hereby are
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 20, J8G1.
Cfup. XLIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Naval Service for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be and they
are hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the Navy, four million four hundred and thir-
ty-eight thousand five hundred and seventy-seven
dollars.
For provisions for commission,-warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers and
marines attached to vesseis for sea service, one
million forty-two thousand eight hundred and
fifty dollars.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick and hurt of the Navy, including the engi-
neer and marine corps, thirty-five thousand five
hundred and fifty dollars.
For the repair and equipment of vessels of the
Navy, two million five hundred and eighty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That not more than three
thousand dollars shall hereafter be expended at
any navy-yard in repairing the hull and spars of
any vessel until the necessity and expediency of
such repair, and the probable cost thereof, be as-
certained and reported to the Navy Department
by an examining board, to be composed of one
captain or commanded in the Navy, to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy, the naval
constructor of the yard where any vessel may be
ordered for repairs, and two master-workmen of
such yard, or one master-workman and an engi-
neer of the Navy, according to the nature of the
repairs to be made; said master-workman or en-
gineer to be designated by the head of the Bureau
of Construction and Repairs; and not more than
one thousand dollars shall be expended m repairs
on the sails and rigging of any vessel until the
expediency and necessity of such repairs ami the
estimated cost thereof have been ascertained and
imported to the Navy Department by an examin-
ing board, to be composed of one naval officer,
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, and the
master rigger and the master sailmaker of the
yard where such vessel may be ordered.
For fuel for the Navy, to be purchased in the
mode prescribed by law for other materials, and
for the transportation thereof, five hundted and
forty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials
for the Navy, three hundred thousand dollars.
Foi oidnanee and ordnance stores, including
incidental expenses, three hundred and twenty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: freight and trans-
portation, printing and stationery, advertising in
newspapers,books, maps, models, and drawings,
purchase and repair of fire-engines and machinery,
repairs of and attending to steam-engines in navy-
yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and driving teams, caits, timber wheels,
and the purchase and repairs of workmen's tools,
postage of public letters, fuel, oil, and candles for
navy-yards and shore stations, pay of watchmen
and incidental labor not chargeable to any other
appropriation, transportation to and laborattend-
ing the delivery of provisions and stores on for-
eign stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent, trav-
ehngexpensesof officers and others under orders,
funeral expenses, store and office vent,fuel, com-
missions and pay of clerks to navy agents and
storekeepers, Hags, awnings, and packing boxes,
premiums, and other expenses of recruiting, ap-
prehending deserters, per diem pay to persons
attending "courts martial, courts of inquiry, and
other services authorized by law, pay to juuge
advocates, pilotage and towage of vessels, and
assistance to \ess°!s m distiess, and tor bills of
health and quarantine expanses >>f vessels ot the
United States Navy m foreign ports, ei^ht bun-
dled and ninety-nine thousand dullats: Provided,
That the expenditures under the foregoing appro-
priations shall be so accountcd for as to show the
disbursements by each bureau under each respect-
ive appropriation.
For the purchase of the right to use in tho Navjr,
if in the opinion of the Secretary of the. Navy it
shall be deemed expedient, Davidson's boat low-
ering, attaching, and detaching apparatus, a sum
not exceeding ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of the right to use by the Uni^
ted States, Brooke's deep-sea sounding apparatus,
five thousand dollars.
For the balance of the expenses of the surrey
of the Isthmus of Chiriqui, one thousand six
hundred and thirty-seven dollars and eighty-one
cents.
For the purchase of the right to use in the Uni-
ted States Navy, on steamships and propellers, in
navy-yards, or otherwise, whenever the Govern-
ment of the United States may choose to use the
same, Sargeant's steam-engine governors, ten
thousand dollars: Provided, The Secretary of the
Navy shall consider it expedient.
marine corps.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, privates, clerks, messengers, stewards,
and servants, for rations and clothing for servants,
additional rations for five years'service, for un-
drawn clothing and rations, bounties for reenlist-
ments, four hundred and twenty-five thousand
two hundred and seventy-eight dollars and eighty
cents.
For provisions, seventy-one thousand seven
hundred and fifty-nine dollars.
For clothing, eighty-one thousand six hundred
and ninety dollars.
For fuel, twenty-two thousand three hundred
and forty-two dollars and twenty-five cents.
For military stores, viz: pay of armorers, re-
pair of arms, purchase ofaccouterments, ordnance
stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other instruments,
twelve thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers and troops, and
expenses of reciuiting, fourteen thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices
where there are no public buildings for that pur-
pose, eight thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, toll,
carriage, wharfage, purchase and repair of boats,
compensation of judge advocates, per diem for
attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and
for constant labor, house rent in hen of quarters,
burial of deceased marines, printing, stationery,
postage, telegraphing, apprehension of deserters,
oil, candles, gas, repair of gas and water fixtures,
water rent, forage, stiaw, barrack furniture, fur-
niture for officers' quarters, bed sacks, spades,
shovels, axes, picks, carpenters' tools, keep of a
horse for the messenger, pay of matron, washer-
woman, and porter at the hospital headquarters,
repairs to fire-engine, purchase and repair of en-
gine hose, purchase of lumber for benches, mess
tables, bunks, repairs to public carry-all,purchase
and repair of harness, galleys and cooking stoves
for mess rooms, stoves where there are no grates,
gravel for parade grounds, repairs of pumps, fur-
niture for staff and commanding officers' offices,
brushes, brooms, buckets, paving, and for other
purposes, thirty-two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
navy-yards.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For repairs of all kinds, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
j Boston.
For machinery for machine shop, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs of marine barracks at Charlestow&n,
Massachusetts, nineteen thousand four hundred
and fifty-six dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, forty thousand dollars.
Neio York.
For boilers for new boiler-house, sixteen thou-
sand tsvo hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For boilers for machine shop, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For machinery for smithory and saw-mill,eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
For repairs of all kinds, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
Philadelphia.
For repairs of all kinds, twelve thousand and
1'orty-ihree dollars.
