sm
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27_,
36th Cong....2d
Laws of the United States.
Washington.
For repairs of all kinds, twenty thousand dol-
For wall on west side of yard, five hundred and
forty feet long, thirteen thousand four hundred
and eighty-eight dollars.
Norfolk.
- For.completing timber shed number seventeen,
nine thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight
dollars.
For completing spar shed, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs of all kinds, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For amount due to contractors for provision
store, and to complete the same, thirty-six thou-
sand one hundred and sixty-eight dollars.
Mare Island.
For completing machine shop, fifty thousand
dollars.
For completing smithery, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For completing coopers' shop, ten thousand
dollars.
For repairs of all.kinds, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
Sackett's Harbor.
For repairs of all kinds, one thousand dollars.
hospitals.
Boston.
For repairs of all kinds, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
New York.
For repairs of hospital buildings, laboratory,
and apparatus, two thousand one hundred dol-
lars.
Naval Asylum, Philadelphia.
For furniture and repairs, house cleaning and
whitewashing, repairs to furnaces, grates, and
ranges, gas and water rent, and for repairs of all
kinds, four thousand thiee hundred dollars.
For support of beneficiaries at the asylum,
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
Washington.
For repairs of all kinds, one thousand dollars.
Norfolk.
For general repairs at hospital,eight thousand
dollars.
magazines.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs at the several naval
magazines:
Boston.
For repairs of all kinds, and building a powder
boat, five thousand four hundred dollars.
Washington.
For repairin";and improving ordnance building,
six thousand dollars.
Norfolk.
For shot-beds and gun-skids, additional store
at magazine, and for repairs of all kinds, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of superintendents, naval construct-
ors, and all the civil establishments at the several
navy-yards and stations, one hundred and forty-
eight thousand one hundred and four dollars.
For the purchase of nautical instruments for
the use of tiie Navy; for repaiis of the same, and
also of astronomical instruments; and for the pur-
chase of nautical books, maps, and charts, and
for backing and binding the same, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For models, drawings, and copying; for post-
age, freight, and transportation; for keeping
grounds in order; for fuel and lights, and for ail
other contingent expenses; and for the wages of
persons employed at the United States Naval
Observatory and HydrographicalOffice, viz: one
instrument maker, two watchmen, and one por-
ter, nine thousand dollars.
For the erection and repairs of buildings, im-
provement and preservation of the grounds, and
for contingencies at the United States Naval
Academy, forty-nine thousand five hundred and
sixty-soven dollars and twenty-five cents.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty-five thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars.
For the completion of the charts of the survey
of the La Plata, six thousand dollars.
For reducing and preparing for printing and en-
graving, under direction of Captain Cadwallader
Ringgold, subject to the control of the Secretary
of the Navy of the United States, copies of the
charts of all surveys and reconnoissances made
by him while in command of the North Pacific
Surveying Expedition, and of the " Coral Archi-
pelago," and the approaches thereto, together
with sailing directions, reports, hydrographic,
and other results, and observations explanatory
of the voyage, calculated to lessen the dangers
and facilitate intercourse with the eastern seas,
China, and Japan, in accordance with the esti-
mates of Captain Ringgold, seven thousand seven
hundred dollars: Provided, That no publication
shall be made under and by virtue hereof, except
the same be the result of actual surveys,lecon-
noissances, and observations, made by Captain
Ringgold, or under his personal direction and
supervision.
For completing the publication of the charts of
the exploration of the North Pacific, China seas,
and Behring's straits, eleven thousand six hun-
dred and seventy-two dollars.
Sec. 2. And be itfurtlier enacted, That the pay-
ments heretofore made to the clerks of yards and
the commandants' clerks at the navy-yards of
Kittery and Philadelphia, under appropriations
made by Congress for that purpose, at the rate of
twelve hundred dollars per annum, are hereby
allowed and confirmed.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, Thatthe Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby authorized to
place on a retired list any medical officer of the
Navy who is now or may hereafter be proved to
be permanently incapable, from physical or men-
tal infirmity, of further service at sea; and that
the pay of officers so retired shall be the leave of
absence pay of their respective grades as it existed
prior to the passageof the actof Congress to reg-
ulate the pay of the Navy, approved June one,
eighteen hundred and sixty.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all va-
cancies in the medical corps of the Navy caused
by the foregoing suction shall be filled in accord-
ance with established usage: Provided, The num-
ber of medical officers on the active list shall not
excecd the number authorized by existing laws.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the third
section of the act entitled " An act making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
'ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one," approved June twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and sixty, bo, and the samois
hereby, repealed, except so far as the said section
prohibits the purchase of patented firearms, as to
which the said section shall still be in force.
Sec. G. Andbe it further enacted, That the com-
pensation of the superintendent of the naval astro-
nomical expedition to Chili shall be that provided
by the act of March thiid, eighteen hundred and
fii'iy-one, entitled " An act making appropriations
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two," from the seventeenth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and
that the amount necessary to pay the same be,
and is hereby, appropriated out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That all ap-
propriations now or hereafter made for the prep-
aration or publication of foreign hydrographic
surveys shall only be applicable to their object
upon the approval by the Secretary of the Navy,
after a report from three competent naval officers,
to the effect that the original data for proposed
charts are such as to justify their publication; and
it is hereby made the duty of the Secretary of the
Navy to order a board of three naval officers to
examine and report upon the said data before he
shall approve of any application of money to the
preparation or publication of said charts or hydro-
graphic results.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the pay
of first clerks to commandants at all the navy-
yards shall be at the rate of twelve hundred dol-
lars per annum, except that at [the] California
navy-yard, which shall be at the rate of fifteen
hundred dollars per annum: that the laws ap-
proved twenty-second April, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, fourth August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, third of March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, and twelfth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, increasing the pay of clerks
and others twenty per cent, at the Washington
navy-yard, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, to cause to be constructed for the United
States Navy, at as early a day as practicable,
having due regard to efficiency and economy,
seven steam screw sloops-of-war, of the second
class, as vessels are rated in the Navy, with full
steam power, whose greatest draft of water shall
not exceed fourteen feet, which sloops shall com-
bine the heaviest armament and greatest speed
compatible with their character and tonnage; and,
for the purpose above specified, the sum of twelve
hundred thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That so much
of an act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the naval scrvice for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,"
approved August fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, as requires the navy agent at San Francisco
to discharge the duties of purser as well as of
navy agent, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, February 21, 1861.
Ciiap. LVI.—An Act to refund to the Territory
of Utah the expenses incurred in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Amei ieti in Congress
assembled, That there shall be allowed and paid
to the Territory of Utah, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
fifty-three thousand five hundred and twelve dol-
lars and twenty cents, to reimburse said Territory
forexpenses incurred in suppressing Indian hos-
tilities in said Territory in the year one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three,'being the amount
so expended, less the excess paid to officers and
soldiers by said Territory, over the rates allowed
to the United States troops serving on the Pacific
coast ill the same year.
Approved, February 27, 1861.
Ciiap. LVII.—An Act establishing certain Post
Routes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following be established as
post roads:
alabama.
From Louisville, Barbour county, to Indigo
Head, Coffee county.
From Andalusia, via William Davis's, Helton's
Cross Roads, and John Carey's, to William F.
Seglar's.
From William Wills, Covington county, to
Thomas Baggett's, in Florida.
From Harpersville to Elliott's, in Cahaba
valley.
From Burleson, via Fremont, to Smithville, Mis-
sissippi.
From the Limekiln on the Alabama and Ten-
nessee river railroad, via Campbell's Home, to
Mullen's, in Shelby county.
From Pushmataha to Meridian, Mississippi,
on the Mobile and Ohio railroad.
From Centreville, via Six Mile, to Oakville.
From Wedowie, via Jordan's Store, Arbacoo-
chie, Cane Land, Corn Grove, to White Plains.
From Oleander to Warrenton, in Marshall
county.
From Tuscaloosa, via Six Mile, to the Cen-
treville Depot.
arkansas.
From Searcy to Clarksville.
From Lewisburg to Clinton.
From West Point to the mouth of Little Red
river. „
