1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGffiESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
Laws of the United States.
86th OcflfG.... 2d Sess.
From Dover,Pope county, viaBigCreek, New-
ton county, to Forsyth, Taney county, Mis-
souri.
From Smithville, Lawrence county, via Sak-m
and Sapp's Store, in Fulton county, to Spring-
field, Missouri.
From Madison, St. Francis county, via Au-
gusta, Jackson county, to Searcy. White county.
From Helena, along the St. Francis road, to
Madison.
From Huntsville, Madison county, via Ozark,
Franklin county, to Waldron, Scott county.
From Jacksonport, Jackson county, via Oil
Trough and Pleasant Plains, and through-Pine
Grove neighborhood, to Wolf Bayou P. 0., In-
dependence county.
From Batesvilie, Independence county, via Mt.
Olive, Izard county, Yellville, Marion county,
Carrollton, Cafroil county, Huntsville, Madison
county, to Fayetteville, Washington county.
From Memphis, via Madison, to Little Rock.
Fioni Walnut Hills, La Fayette county, to
Courtland , Cass county, Texas, via Spring Banks
and Bright Star.
From Hot Springs, Hot Springs county, to
Caddo P. O , Montgomery county.
From Ultima Thule, Sevier county, to Boston,
Bowie county, Texas.
From Washington, Hempstead county, via
Pine Grove, same county, Caddo Gap and Mt
Ida, Montgomery county, and Waldron, Scott
county, to Fort Smith, Sebastian county.
From Green Mount, Drew county, to Auburn,
Ai kansas county, via Moore's on Bayou Bar-
tholomew.
Fiom Camden, via Magnolia and Homer, to
Minden, Louisiana.
From Grand Glaze, Jackson county, via In-
tercourse, Pleasant Plains, Cedar Grove, Pmey
Woods, to Wolf Bayou, Independence county.
From Little Rock, viaGillmau's, King's Bridge,
Springfield, Conway county, Glass Village, Do-
ver, Pope county, Aladdin's Mill, Clarksville,
Ozark, and Van Burcn, to Fort Smith.
From Camden, via Lisbon and Buffalo, to El-
dorado.
From Court-House of Craighead county to
Pueahon tas.
Fiom Pme Bluff to Hot Springs.
From Fremont, via Lisbon, Varner's and Eas-
ter's, to Atlanta, Columbia county.
From Memphis, Tennessee, via Wittsburg,
Arkansas, to Jacksonport. _
From Sugar Loaf, via Adam Morris s, I homas
Lewis's, to Jack Riddle's, on the overland mail
route.
CALIFORNIA.
From Sonora, via Jamestown, Montezuma,
Chinese Camp, Crimea House, and Don Pedro's
Bar, to Coulterville.
From Sonora, in Tuolumne county, to Mono-
vine, in Western Utah. .
From Tehama, ill Tehama county, to Uktah,
in Mendocino county.
From'Weaverville to Summerville, m the county
of Klamath.
From Weaverville, via Douglas City, to Kings-
bury's, on Hav Fork, ill Trinity county.
From Nevada to Carson City, in Utah.
From Red Bluff, in Tehama county, via Lost
Camp, Pme Grove, to Susanville, in Honey Lake
Valley.
From Los Angelos, via Anheim, San Juan,
Capietruno, and San Louis Rey, to San Diego.
From San Louis Rey toTemecula.
From Yieka, via Shasta and Murphy, in the
State of California, to Genoa, m the Territory of
From Cloverdale, via Felley's Valley, Ukiah
City, Little Lake Valley, and Sherwood, to Long
Valh-y.
From Cloverdale to Eureka.
From Eureka to Umontown.
From Kun ka, via Bear River, and Cape Men-
docino. to Mattole \alley. _
From Weaverville, Trinity comity, via Rattle
Snake, Grizzly Gulch, ami Buelville, to the Forks
of Salmon river, Klamath county.
From Carson Citv, in tlm Territory of Utah,
to Nevada City, passing over the Siena jNevada.
through the Henness Pass, with_ mall routes di-
verging therefrom; first, one leaving said routeat
Nisw Skkti'^--N'\ >1.
Jackson's Ranch, near the western end of Hen-
ness Pass, to Downieville, Sierra county; and
the second, leaving at Lake City, in the county
of Nevada, via North San Juan, to Marysville,
Yuba county.
From Sonora, California, by Long Gulch,
Bhtkeley, and Somer's Mills, Cherokee Pass,
McKee s Mills, and Carroll's Mills, to Salis-
bury's Mills.
From Fort Tejon, by San Bernardino and San
Gornonina, to FortYuma.
From San Bernardino, by Fillmore, to Salt
Lake.
From San Bernardino, by Temecla, to San
Diego.
From Visalia, by Buzzard Roost and Tulare
Lake, to San LouR Obispo.
From Fort Miller, by Gold Gulch, Coarse Gold
Gulch, Roan's Store, and Brown's Ranch, to
Mariposa.
From Mokelumne Hill, by West Point, to
Genoa.
From Georgetown, by Work's Ranch, Gaddis
Creek, and Slippery Ford, to Carson City.
From Georgetown, by Volcanoville, to Michi-
gan Biuffs.
From Placerville, by Coloma, to Auburn.
From Sacramento, by Sutterville, and P^un-
yon's Ranch, to Sharp's Ranch.
From Eldorado, by Miller's Ranch and Dry-
town, to Jackson.
From Marysville, by Johnson's Crossing,
Coon Creek, and Gold Hill, to Auburn.
From Fairfield, by Bernyessa Valley, to Clear
Lake.
From Fairfield, by Nursis Landing, to Rio-
vista, or Bazos Del Rio.
From Weaverville to Trinity Centre.
From Happy Camp, California, to Waldo,
Oregon.
From Yreka, by Indiantown, to Scott's Bar.
From Forks of Salmon, by Farler's, Center-
ville, Cecilville, Petersburg, and Bucl's, to Big
Bend.
From Big Bend, by Rattlesnake, to North Fork
of Trimly.
From Cloverdale, by Ukiah Valley, Little Lake
Valley, and Round Valley, to Weaverville.
From Petalnmn, by Sebastopol and Port Ross,
to Punta Arenas.
From Ukiah to Mcndoncmo City.
From San Fiancisco, by Vally's, to Napa.
From Upper Clear Lake to Mendocino.
From Santa Pajsa to Somona.
From Santa Rosa, by Annally's,to Bodego.
From San Louis Obispo to San Simeon.
From Santa Clara, by Mountain Charley's or
Loquel, to Santa Cruz.
From Downieville, by Sierra Valley, Upper
Crossing of Trucked, Big Steamboat, and Spring
Meadows, to Washoe Valley.
From Guincv, by Martin's Ranch, Lovejoy s,
Eightmile House, Beckwith's, Hay Stacks, and
Peavine Springs, to Virginia City.
From Cloverdale to Eureka Bay.
From Eureka to Umontown and back, daily.
From Eureka, by Bear River and Mendocino,
to Mattole.
From Crescent City, by mouth of Rouge river,
to Port Oxford.
From Sacramento, by lone City, to Jackson.
From Stockton, by Poverty Bar, Lanclia Plana,
Campo Seco, lone City, and Cosumne, to Fol-
S°From Jackson, Pine Grove, and Fiddletown,
to Indian Springs.
From Mokelumne Hill to Elk Grove. i
From West Point, by Indian Springs, toGnz-
zley Flat.
From Diamond Springs, by Fiddletown, to
West Point.
From Folsom, by Fiddletown, to Indian
Springs.
From Grizzlcv Flat to Georgetown.
From Placerville, by Greenwood, to Michigan
Bluffs. . , . „ „ ,
From Marysville to Foisom, via Coon Creek.
From Yankee Jim's to Placerville.
From Yankee Jim's, by lllmoistown and Red
Do", to Nevada. .
From Michigan Bluffs, by Dutch Flat and Lit-
tle Yoik, to Nevada.
From Dutch Flat, Omega, Moore's Flat, and
Alleghanytown, to Downieville.
From Illinoistown, by Grass Valley, to Em-
pire Ranch.
From Oregon House to Forbestown.
From Downieville, by Eureka Northand Table
Rock, to Gibsonville.
From Camptonville, by Forbestown, to Pea-
vine.
From Oroville to Forbestown.
From Laporte, by duincy, to Shasta.
From Mokelumne Hill to Murphey's.
From Double Springs to Columbia.
From Columbia to Murphery's.
From Columbia to Mariposa.
From Mariposa to Visalia.
CONNECTICUT.
From Redding Ridge, via Redding, to West
Jledding.
: FLORIDA.
From Tampa to Fort Meade.
From Volusia to a point on Halifax river,
known as Shady's Grove, to embrace Haw Creek
and Tomaka.
From Madison court-house, via Moseley's
Mills, to New Boston, on the Suwannee river.
Fiom Bronson, Levy county, via Chrystal
River, to Brookville, Hernando county.
From Brookville, Hernando county, to Bay-
port.
From Fort Meade to Charlotte Harbor.
From Piovidence, via Lake Butler, to Stark.
From Oceola, via Number Two, Tyner's, Wil-
lis's, Rawls's, and Shell Pond, to Archer Station,
on the Florida railroad.
From Appalachicola to Cedar Key.
GEORGIA.
From Newton, Baker county, via Camilla,
Mitchell county, and Moultrie, Colquittcounty,
to Nashville, Berrien county.
From Milford, via Furlow's, to GillionsviUe.
From Americus,Sumptercounty, via Ellaville,
Schley county, and Buena Vista, Marion county,
i to Geneva, Talbot county.
From Waresboro' to Holmesville.
From Blackshear, Pierce county, via Strickland
and Baggby's Store, to Douglas, Coffee county.
From Albany, via Moultrie and Tallokos, to
duitman.
From Spring Place to Ball Grounds, Murray
county.
From EUejay, via Jasper, in Pickens county,
and Ball Grounds, to Canton, Cherokee county.
From Rome, via the Coosa river and Grecnport,
to Talladega, Alabama.
FromStephensville to Dublin, Laurens county.
From Atlanta, via Roswell, Alpharetta, and
Cumming, to Dahlonega.
From Bowdon, via Goggin and Walthall's
Store, and Tallapoosa, to Cedartown.
From Atlanta, via Tumerand Mason'sFerry,
, Powder Springs, Villa Rica, Buchanan, and Tal-
I lapoosa, to Jacksonville, Alabama.
! From Tradei's Hill to Tebeauville, on the At-
lantic and Gulf railroad.
From Statenville, Echol'scounty, to Valdosta,
Lowndes county.
From Newton to Bond's Mills.
From Doctortown, by theAntamahariverroad,
to Oakmulgeeville.
From Rctdsville to Johnson's Station.
From Valdosta, via Hahira, Berry Wells, and
Ava, to Moultrie, Colquit county.
From Way's Station, on the Alabama and Gulf
railroad, via Ellarby's Store, Valentine Gill's,
William Kennedy's, and Harrill's Store, in Bul-
lock county, to Statesboro'.
From Jacksonville, in Telfair county, to Sugar
Creek.
From Harmony Grove, m Jackson county,
Phidetta, Bushville, and the county site of Banks,
Wells Creek, Hollingsworth, to Clarlcsville, in
Habersham county.
ILLINOIS.
From Greenup, in Cumberland county, via
Prairie City and Neoga, to Shelbyville, Shelby
countv. , . ,
| From Rockland Station, on the Chicago and
' Milwaukee railroad, in Lake county, via Liberty-
' ville, Fremont, and Shields, to Forksville, in said
county.
