906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
three remarks, the purport of which the reporter
could not understand.
The SPEAKER. The resolution having been
objected to, no debate is in order.
INSANE HOSPITAL.
Mr. CARTER asked the unanimous consent of
the House topresentacommunicatioo from the In-
terior Department, transmitting a communication
from Dr. C. H. Nichols, asking certain legislation
for the benefit of the Insane Hospital for the Army
and Navy and the District of Columbia.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I object to every-
thing except the regular order of business.
ALLEGED ABSTRACTION OF BOOKS.
Mr. PRYOR. I rise to a question of privilege.
1 offer the following resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask if the resolution is founded
upon a newspaper paragraph ? if so, I object, it
has been ruled again and again that a personal
explanation founded upon statements published
in any other paper than the Globe, is not a ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The practice has been to
allow gentlemen to state the questions of privilege
to which they rise. The Chair supposes, there-
fore, it will be proper to hear the resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia read, and then the Chair
will decide.
Mr. BOCOCK- 1 think, when gentlemen come
to hear the paragraph read, they will find that it
is a matter of highci importance and higher priv-
ilege than a mere special order. A special order
is a privileged question; but a question of privi-
lege is of higher privilege, and must take prece-
dence.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Wildcat the following statements have appeared in the
New Yoik Times new<papei: " It is a^eet tamed that, in
addition to the othei frauds perpetiated hy the seceding
members of Confess, (hey have taken lioni the conces-
sional Iibiaiy. whirl) iv jtioh.iliiy the h"<*t m'this eounti),
containing many book.-, which cannot be obtained else-
whetc, some of the nlo-t valuable volumes m the whole
collection. Thou.-anc!-. of dolLus' woi th have been thus
absti acted and earned off by these member*. Among them,
n single South Carolina member, I am inionned, lias mote
than tour handled ciolinis' worth of digests ot the most
valuable character, and which can nevei he leplaced.
Scarcely one of these gentlemen took the tumble to retain
his hooks •, but, on the contuiry, were veiy cautious to have
them caiefully packed and j-ent oft'. 1 am further informed
that a member trom one of the, border States, who favors
secession, and thought his State sure to secede, mmU ordeis
(or npwaids of one thousand dohais" woith of books le-
ecntly, which, under the rules of the hbraiy, were u-iiwd
This is regarded here to he very near akm to what Web-
stei defines a«. theft:'1
iiesoiucfi, Th.it a select committer of thiee be appointed
to mquiie into the ttuth of the above accusation; and th at
said committee havepouej to send fot persons ami papers,
and haveieaxe to report at any tune.
The resolution was considered, and agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
PitYOR, Maynaud, and Edwards as such com-
mittee.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON PRESIDENT ELECT.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Wasu-
bukne of Illinois, and Hurt ingame, as the com-
mittee on the part of the House to inform the
President and Vice President elect of their elec-
tion.
Mr. CURTIS. I demand the previous question
on the first Senate amendment to the Pacific rail-
road bill.
PE R SO N A I, EXP LA X A TION.
Mr. STANTON. I ask th e unanimous consent
of the Iloase for leave to make a personal expla-
nation. I do so for the fit st time since I have been
a member of this House.
t Mr. WASHBURN JS, of Illinois. Is it a ques-
tion of pri\ liege r
Mr. STANTON. It is. I want the attention
of my colleague from the Columbus district [Mr.
Cox] while 1 have read an extract from the Globe.
I<fmd in the reported proceedings of Saturday lost,
published in Tuesday's paper, that which 1 have
maiked, and which I now ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"That godless old man.aftei spending a public life de
voted to hate, ill-will, and sedition, was tetued because he
did one thing tiint «m> i i£l:t— voted for the Cnttetulcn-Mont-
gomeiy bill. He ha* «im a been making up ior hw lo?*. of
ofhee by the viiuieriee of hi- >plt en, and the outlawtv of
his conduct, lie ha ■. a-. I have oner shown here, tiistiirated
servile mauriection?. and nuw, at the end ot anu-^pom
life, which is scaicely silvered by a ray of benignity, lie
finds, as the consequence of his teaching and conduct, a
disrupted Union, a terrified people, and the prospect of un-
ending hate and bloody stufe. if there was mercy for the
thief upon the cross, there may be meicv for him. God
grant him repentancc before he fills his dishonored gtave !
Out what a life he has lived ! He talked the language of
love to the black race only to hide his hate for the white
raec who people om southern States. He paraded human-
itarian phrases, ami took upon his profane lips the name of
God, only to cloak his malice and sanctify Ins hate. He has;
had, in specific wickedness, many rivals; but if we measure
men?M guilt by the objects upon which tlwy are cent, who
can tell the magnitude of that portentous crime winch cause-
lessly dismembeis to destroy the American Republic ? As
such a Republic has no patallel, so such a criminal has no
peei. Hut my colleague praises him and commends him
to immortal honor! Nero had a friend, who placed immor-
telles upon his tomb, and the worst fiends of the Fiencli
icvolution had their defenders after death 5 but were this
old man now dead, and thus powerless in his party at home,
even my colleague would shrink from the taMc of embalming
hi^ had memoiy. Jt will, after death, only be remembered
to lio execrated. Ills late letters to my colleague [Mi Cou-
win] and his compatriot, Mr. Ewing, show that age, which
so often icclaimstiie mo-trepiobate soul, has not withered,
nor custom, which so often tires of its baleful work, has
not staled, the infinite variety of his malice and his mad-
ness. llistoiy, in its iccoid of this gieat antt-slaveiy sedi-
tion, and its consequent revolution, will only picture the
whitened of his hair to contia^t it with the blackness ot
that purpose, which fot years and yeais iiaspuiMied a cru-
sade whose ten ible consummation 1* upon us, m the ci 11111 fi-
ling ctvvay ot oui States and the destruction of their unity."
Mr. STAIN TON. Was that statement con-
tained in the speech delivered by my colleague
upon this floor?
Mr. COX. I will say right here, that while
correcting the remarks between my colleague [Mr.
Hutciiins] and myself, at his special instance and
request, an additional paragraph was made to the
delivered remarks. He came to me and asked the
privilege of defending his predecessor, Mr. Gid-
dings, in a paiagraph; and he requested me at the
same time to answer bis paragiaph. II<. read his
paragraph defending Mi. Giddings, and 1 wrote
the paragraph which has been read, in response.
[Laughter.] All the rest of the speech is just
about as I deli vet ed it. I put nothing in addition
to my response to my other colleague, [Mr. Stan-
ton7.] But, as I have said, I did putm a response
to a paragraph which my friend, Mr. Hutchins,
requested to print on behalf of his predecessor;
and if there be anything wrong in that statement,
I am willing to meet my colleague upon it at any
time.
Mr. STANTON. I have a single word to say
about this. It. is a question of taste, in these per-
sonal controversies between members, as to how
far a gentleman will alter remarks which have
been replied to upon the floor. For myself, I
never touch the reporter's notes of anything that
has been said bearing, in the remotest degree, a
personal character.
Mr. COX. My colleague will see no alteration
of the remarks I made in reply to him.
Mr. STANTON. I am leported as replying
to a speech containing that extraordinary para-
graph; and with having, in that reply, taken no
notice whatever of it. "If therefore places me in
the position of having permitted such an extiaor-
dinary denunciation of an old colleague upon
this floor to go foith to the public without reply.
It is for that reason that I desire to call attention
to it here, that it may be known that not one
woid of what the Clerk has read was uttered
upon this floor, and that the speech I replied to
did not contain one wotd of it.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Giddings would not choose
me for his defender. 1 have differed with him in
many respects. I did not sympathize with the
intensity of his anti-slavery sentiments. 1 did
not always concur in the wisdom, prudence, or
sagacity of his conduct upon tins floor. But, sir,
there is one thing for which the whole world
will award him credit; and that is, for fidelity
and sincerity to the overmastering idea which he
pursued through his whole life with zeal, and a
couiage amid obstacles which have no paialiel in
the history of our public men.
Mr. HUTCHINS. And for integrity ?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir; and for integrity.
I will say another thing. I know, from personal
intercourse with leading and distinguished gen-
tlemen from the slaveholdmg States, that they
place no such estimate upon Mr. Giddings's char-
|i aeter as my colleague does. 1 have heard them
:| say that, while he was crazy about negroes, yet
!j that, upon all other questions, he was a safe,
js sound, and patriotic legislator. Repeatedly they
,, have £.0 declared
I have no disposition, Mr. Speaker, to engage
in any personal controversy with my colleague.
He has an extraordinary taste and inclination to
rake up our domestic quarrels and to parade them
upon this floor; to bring here ourdirty linen,and
to wash u in the face of the House and nation. I
have no such taste; and therefore 1 do notchoose
to arraign him, howevet strong the temptation
may be. There is no State which has not its per-
sonal party conflicts and collisions; but there is
no other gentleman of any State who deems it
consistent with State pride, with the honor and
dignity of his Stale, to parade such controversies
before the nation,and make them subjects of dis-
cussion upon this floor. If my colleague be am-
bitious of the reputation or the notoriety that
speech is likely to give him, then he is welcome to
it. It is akin to the notoriety sought by that Eros-
tratus who burned the temple of Diana at Ephe-
sus that his name might be attached to an histor-
ical event. If my colleague chooses to make him-
self immortal by attacking a historical personage
and a historical character, he is welcome to the
notoriety which belongs to the act. [Applause,
and ciies of!f Good !"]
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a word
in response to my colleague. It comes with a bad
grace from him, or from any gentleman on that
side of the House from the State of Ohio, to un-
dertake to arraign me under the pretense of a
question of privilege, when, from the beginning
of my term m Congress tili this very moment, I
have been pursued by them, both here and at
home, in a personally vindictive and malicious
stylo, which has no parallel in political campaigns
or pailiamentary debate. My colleague has taken
a part of the same personal campaigning against
me. During the last campaign, Mr. Giddings
causelessly began an attack upon me, as very
many members will recollect;and the gentleman,
his successor, [Mr. Hutchins,] on Saturday last,
as the House will bear witness, commenced this
controveisy. He referred to me in language
wluch I will not now characterize. I~le has seen
proper to tone it down in the speech which he has
published.
But the gentleman [Mr. Stanton] goes out of
his way, and takes advantage of a question of
privilege, to court favor with the abolition wing of
his party by tins gratuitous defense of its leadei.
I did attack Mr. Giddings in the first part of the
remarks I made. It was called for by the attack
of my colleague, and the questions discussed by
him. The gentleman knows it. Iiedidnotdeem
it proper then to reply. He says that he would
have replied, if this extract had been spoken. I
want the House to remember that the bringing of
Ohio politics into the House was begun by the
attack of my colleague [Mr. Hutchins] upon mo
while I was sitting in my seat. I want them also
to remember that the remarks published about
Mr. Giddings were in response to the successor
of Mr. Giddings, and at his request, as he will
now bear me testimony. Is not that so? I ask
my colleague to respond?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I will state that I desired
my colleague to permit me to insert a single par-
agraph 111 reply to his attack on Mi. Giddings,
which my five minutes would not allow me to do
in the House. I told him he could reply to it.
I did not see his reply. I did not know what it
was going to be.
Mr. COX. I wrote oft my reply while my
colleague was present, and I read to him as much
of it as I had then finished. My colleogue is
truthful, and will bear testimony to that.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I commenced reading the
gentleman's reply, but I did not stay to see it
finished, and did not know what it was until I
saw it published in the Globe.
Mr. COX. I was peifectly willing that he
should read it. The whole of my remarks arc
printed substantially as I delivered them, except
the paragraph m reply to my colleague, [Mr.
Hutciiins,] which I made at his own special in-
stance and request, and for which my other col-
league [Mr. StaxtonJ has no words o.f reproof.
When thegentleman [Mr. Stanton] talks about
bringing in dirty linen, and washing it before this
House,"! want him to understand tins discussion
springs legitimately out of the debate of the prop-
osition of the committee of thirty-three with re-
spect to the rendition of fugitives from justice,
the conduct of Ohio in that regard. I said, in
