^24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
36th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United Stales.
From Swift Creek Bridge, in Craven county,
to Whitford's Mills.
From Shepardsville, Carteret county, to Had-
not's.
Froi-a Shepardsville, Carteretcounty, to Swans-
boro', Onslow county.
From Swansboro , via Palo Alto, to^ Piney
Green.
From Newbern, via Goose Creek Mills, to
Cherryville, in Craven county.
From Cherryfields to Webster.
From Manchester, on the Fayettevilie and Salis-
bury route, via Murchison's Mills, and Morri-
son s Mills, to Carthage.
From Ashboro', in Randolph county, via Pre-
torsville, Cox's Mills, Bame's Creek, and Har-
ley's Hill, to Troy, Montgomery county.
From Holley's Wharf, on the Chowan river,
to Ballard's Bridge, in Chowan county.
l^rom Merrick's Creek, New Hanover county,
via Harrison's Creek, to Topsail Sound.
From Asheville,via Bull Creek, Riem'sCreek,
and Xvy Gap, to Democrat, in Buncombe county.
From Spruce Pine, Yancey county, via Childs-
vitlo, Linnviile Falls, Lovely Water, and Grand-
father Mountain, to Valley Crucis, Wautauga
county.
From Swannano, Buncombe county, to Mount
Mitchell.
From Fort Montgomery, Cherokee county, to
Rocky Point, Tennessee.
From Laurel Valley, Cherokee county, to Hi*
wassec copper mines, Tennessee.
From Oak Ridge, Guilford county, to King's
Store, same county.
OHIO.
From Edgerton, via St. Joseph, Shelin's Mills,
and Columbia, in Williams county, Ohio, and
Camden, to Reading, Hillsdale county, Michi-
gan.
From Columbus, via Hope and Gahanna,
Franklin county, to Centre Village, Delaware
county.
FromWorthington to Dublin, Franklin county.
From New Madison, via Yankeetown and Con-
cordia, to Brinley's Station.
Prom Chillicoihe, via Story Creek, to Sharon-
ville.
From Coshocton, via Gambier, Wolf's, New
Castle, Mohawk Village, and Roscoe, to Mount
Vernon.
Fi om Brecksville,Cuyaho^acounty,viaNorth-
fiold post office, to Macedonia Depot.
From Grey town, via Locust Point, to Port
Clinton, Otto way county.
From Cincinnati, via South Pendleton, Colum-
bia, Tompkins, and Sweet Wine, to New Rich-
mond, Clermont county.
From Lue^ville, Carroll county, via Rockford,
to New Philadelphia, Ohio.
From Cleveland, via Saint Clair road, and Mer-
chant's Corners, to Collamer.
From Republic to Clyde.
FromW yandot to Nevada, in Wyandot county.
From Hamilton, via Saint Charles, to Brook-
ville, Indiana.
From Middletown, Butler county, to Winches-
ter, Preble county.
From Gallipolis, by theOhio river, via Millers-
port, Ohio, Guyandotte, Virginia, Burlington,
Ohio, Ccredo,Virgin ia,Catlettsburgh, Kentucky,
Ashland post office, Kentucky, and Ironton,Ohio,
to Portsmouth, Ohio.
From Wauseon, Fulton county, Ohio, via Ot-
tokee, Ted row, Emery, andMorenci, to Clayton,
Michigan.
From Ottokee, via Wynomeg, Lyons, Oakfield,
Fulton county, Ohio, to Adrian, Michigan.
From Pleasant post office, (Columbus Grove,)
Putnam county, to Kalida.
From Kalida, via Franconia, to Hamer, Pauld-
ing county.
From Findlay, Hancock county, via Bigelow's
Mill, Houckstown, Blanchard s Bridge, and
Mount Blanchard, to Forest.
From Vaughansville to Pleasant.
From McArthur, Vinton county, to Vinton
Station, on the Marietta and Cincinnati railroad. 'S
From Now Carlisle, via Medway, to Osborne. ■ [
From Chesterviiie, Morrow county, through )!
Sparta nnd BJoomfield, to Hilliar, and Centre- jj
burgh, Knox county. i!
OREGON.
From Salt Lake City, via the Wallen route, to
Dalles, in Oregon.
From the City of Portland, via Phillip Foster's,
across the Cascade Mountains, to Old Fort Walla-
Walla.
PENNSYLVANIA.
From Ickesburg, via Shull's Mills, Sandy Hill,
and John Ernest's, to Blain, Perry county.
From Duncannon to Dellviile, Perry county.
From Orbisonia, (a point on the stage route
fromMountUniontoChambersburg,)viaMeadow
Gap, Maddensville, Fort Littleton, and Kobbs-
ville, to McConnellsburg:.
From Waterloo, via Nossville, to Shade Gap.
From Asylum, in Bradford county, via New Era
and Resaca, toLaddsburg, in Bradford county.
From Dimock, in Susquehannah county, via
Lathrop's Lake, to Rush, m said county.
From Morttro&e, via Silver Lake, to-Braclcney,
in Susqueharrnah county.
*Fiom Water street, via Alexandria, to Peters-
burg, (Shaver's Creek post office,) Huntington
county.
From Tunkhannock, via Factoryville, Fleets-
ville, Walls ville, Warren's Mills, and Tompkins-
ville, to Clifford, Susquehannah county.
From Morleytown to Sterrctt's Gap, in Perry
county.
From Wcllsborousjh, Tioga county, via Sa-
binsville, to Westfie.fd.
From Sugar Grove, via Beech Woods and
Jackson Run, to Warren.
. From Meadville, via Harmonsburg and Line
Mills, to Penn Line.
From Laury's Station, on Lehigh Valley rail-
road, via Union ville, Schnecksville, Weildas ville,
Lyon Valley, Hynemansville, Weissenburg, in
Lehigh county, and Leipenspergerville, to Kutz-
town, in Berks county.
From Helen, via Kersey, to Benzinger.
From Kittamng to Leechburg. .
From Porterfield, Venango county, to Shippen-
villo, Clarion county.
From Freeport, Aims trong county, to Winfield,
Butler county, returning by State Lick.
From Philadelphia, by the Germantown turn-
pike road, to Rising; Sun Village, thence by the
Cheltenham and Willow Grove turnpike road, to
the intersection of the Lime Kiln turnpike road,
thence by the latter road, via Pittville, Edge Hill
Village, Fitzwatertown, Dreshertown, and Tar-
rett Town, and thence, via Prospectville, to
Green tree.
From Loudon to Bridgeport Mills, Loudon
county.
From Zolhrsville,Washington county, to Ten
Mile, same county.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
From Leesville,in Edgfield district, to Troy
Level, in Newberry district.
From Lott'a, in Edgefield district, to Granite-
vide.
From Edgefield C. H. to Aiken, in Barnwell
district.
From Black Oak post office, via Pamlico post
office, to Summerville.
From Kingstrce, in Williamsburg district, (on
the Northeastern railroad,) via Manning, to
Packville.
From Manning, viaPlowden'sMills and Salem,
to Bethlehem, in Clarendon district.
From Sandy Grove, via Black river, to Kings-
tree.
TENNESSEE.
From Dover,via Kukman's Furnace, and Paris
Landing, to Paris.
From Clarksville, via Providence,and Jordan's
Spring, to Garrettsburg, Kentucky.
From Withe Depot, (on the Memphis and Ohio
railroad,) via Hickory Withe, to Oakland.
From llogersville, via BigCreek,Deep Springs,
Hates' Mill, and Cedar Hill, to Holston Springs.
From Cunningham's, (on the Winchester and
Alabama railroad,) via Oregon, to George's Store,
m Lincoln county.
From a point on the Southern Central railroad
to Campbellsvilh', m Giles county.
From Smith ville, De Kalb county, via Laurel
Hill, Buffalo Valley, and Miuq Lick, to Cooke-
vllle, Putnam county.
From Freedom, Washington county, to Mill
Creek.
From Dyersburg to Dyersburg Landing, on the
Mississippi river, via Richwoods, Dyer county.
From Clarksville, Tennessee, to Cadiz, Ken-
tucky, via Garrettsburg, Lafayette, and Roaring
Spring, Kentucky.
TEXAS.
From Indianola, Calhoun county, via Green
Lake and Kemper's Bluff, to Goliad.
From Hemstead, in Austin county, via Buck-
horn, Bellville, Forkstown, Industry, New Ulm,
and Frelsburg, to Columbus.
From Cora to Comanche, in Comanche county.
From Crockett, via Alabama, Houston county,
Leona, Leon county, Wheelock, Robertson
county, Port Sullivan, Milam county, and Cam-
eron, to Belton, Bell county.
FromGainesville, Cook county, via Montague,
Montague county, and Henrietta, Clay county,
to Fort Belknap, Young: county.
From Gainesville to Decatur, Wise county.
From Decatur to Montague.
From Hamilton, Shelby county, via William
P. Palley's, Sabine county, to San Augustine. '
From Mount Pleasant, Titus county, to Paris,
Lamar county.
From Paris to the mouth of Boggy, in Lamar
county.
From Buchanan, via Monmouth Springs and
Alvarado, to Waxahachie.
From Bonham, Fannin county, via Flag Spring,
Ladonia, and Heart's Mill, to Sulphur Springs.
Fiom Brownwood, via Lampassas Springs, to
Austin City.
From Indianola, via Texanna, to Hallettsville.
From Owensville, Robertson county, to Cam-
eron, in Milan county.
From Hillsboro', Hill county, via Crimea,
Covington, and Buckann&n, to Weatherford,
Parker county.
From Austin to some point on the overland
mail stage route from Saint Louis to El Paso.
From Marshall, Harrison county, to Coffee-
ville, Upshur county.
From Weatherford, Parker county, via Veal's
Station, Prairie Point, Denton, and Pilot Point,
to Sherman, Grayson county.
From La Grange, Fayette county, to Ever-
green, Washington county.
From Jefferson, vy* Coffoeville, Lafayette, and
Pittsburg, to Quitman.
From Indianola, via Saluria, to Brazos Santi-
ago, along the beach. *
From Waco Vdlage, via Buchanan, Fort
Worth, and Denton, to connect with the overland
mail either at Sherman or Gainesville.
UTAH.
From Breckinridge to Great Salt Lake.
From Manti, San Pete county, via Ephraim,
Limbri, and Mount Pleasant, to North Bend.
From Genoa, in Carson Valley, via Walker
River Diggings, to Monovitle. ^
From Brigham City, via Aiendon, Cache coun-
ty, Wellsvilie, Providence, Logan Cuy, Smith-
field, and Richmond, to Franklin City.
VERMONT.
From Newport, via Newport Centre, to North
Troy.
From Waterford to Concord.
From Richmond, via Jericho Centre, to Jericho
Corners.
From Warren, via East Warren, to WestRox-
bury.
From Sharon, via South Strafford, to Strafford.
From South Strafford to Copperas Hill.
From Richmond, through Huntington, and the
east part of Starksboro', to Bristol.
VIRGINIA.
From Wardensville, Hardy county, Virginia,
through Trout Run Valley, via Hanna, to Lib-
erty Furnace, Shenandoah county, Virginia.
From Wise C. H , via Crane's Nest and Pow-
er's Mill, to Holly Creek.
From Williamsburg'to Bigler's Mill.
From Upper Tract, via Mallon 'sand Harpold's
J Run, to Oak Flat.
; From Bridle Creek, Grayson county, to Rye
! Valley, in Smyth county.
I Fro'm Valley Head, Randolph county, to Addi-
1 son, Webster county.
