1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
friend from Missouri, to carry it to St. Joseph. I
vote " no."
Mr. WHITELEY stated that he was paired
on this bill with Mr. Poster.
Mr. EDGERTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Caret, was detained at his room by indis-
position.
Mr. ALLEN", of Ohio, made a similar state-
ment in regard to his colleague, Mr. Howard.
Mr. STANTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Pendleton', was paired with Mr. Olin.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment to the amendment was
adopted; and to lay the motion to reconsider (M
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the Senate amend-
ment be non-concurred in; and on that motion I
demand the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. 1 hope the gentleman from
Iowa will permit the motion to be made to non-
concur in ail the amendments of the Senate, and
have a committee of conference upon them. That
is the only way we shall ever get clear of them.
Mr. GROW. I want a separate vote on the
amendment to provide for a northern road.
Mr. CURTIS. I have an amendment, which
I desire to offer, to that amendment.
Mr. HOARD. I object to non-concurring in
the amendments of the Senate in gross.
Mr. CURTIS. Then, I move to non-concur in
the first amendment of the Senate, and call the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the special order, being the report of the
committee of thirty-three, is now before the
House, upon winch the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Campbell] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. Do I understand that the mo-
tion is made to non-concur in all the amendments
of the Senate in gross? If so, I wish to make
objection to that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
objection being made, the question must be taken
upon the amendments separately.
Mr. CURTIS. Now, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will yield the floor, I will move to
postpone the special order for the purpose of
considering this bill to-day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to that._
Mr. HASK1N. I did desire to say something
in opposition to this bill; and now, for the pur-
pose of saying something practically in opposi-
tion to it, I will move to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from ISTew York, that the subject of
the Pacific railroad bill has passed from the con-
sideration of the House. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] is entitled to the
floor; and the Chair understands that he declines
to yield.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he did not
say to me this morning that he would yield the
floor for that motion ?
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and I ask that he
shall proceed. I object to interruption.
Mr. CURTIS. And I ask the gentleman whether
he does not know that, unless we can go on with
the consideration of this bill at this time, it will
go to the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
will understand distinctly that the Chair cannot
take cognizance of any such arrangement.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor. Now, sir, if he
yields the floor, I insist that he does so uncondi-
tionally.
STATE OF THE UNION.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe I am entitled to
the floor. I take this opportunity of presenting
four petitions, signed by citizens of Philadelphia,
without distinction of party, asking for the en-
forcement of the Constitution and the laws as they
are.
The memorials were laid on the table
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by A. J. Glossbrenner, his
Private Secretary, informing the House that he
did, on this day, approve and sign a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles:
An act granting a pension to Gregory Patti;
and
A resolution for the benefitof Duval! & Brothers.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, announcing that
the Senate had ordered to be printed—
The resolutions of the Legislature of Minne-
sota on the State of the Union; and
The report of the Secretary of State on the com-
mercial relations of the United States with foreign
nations, for the year 1860.
Also, that the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 892) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1862, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and ask a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the said
bill; and have appointed Messrs. Pearce, La-
tham, and Dixon, as the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
Also, that the Senate concur in the first, sec-
ond, fifth, sixth, ninth, tenth,and twelfth amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 10) in addition to " An act to
promote the progress of the useful arts;" non-
concur in the fourth and seventh amendments;
and concur in the other amendments of the House,
with amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (No. 543) to carry into effect conven-
tions between the United States and the Repub-
lics of New Granada and Costa Rica;
An act (No. 552) relating to printing extra
numbers of messages, reports, and documents;
and
A resolution (No. 63) for the relief of Mrs. E.
A. H. Adams,George M. Thompson, and Thomas
H. Green.
Also, that the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 864) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expen-
ses of the Government for the year ending June
30,1862, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives; and disagree to the amendment of that
House to the seventh amendment of the Senate;
and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on said bill; and have appointed
Messrs. Fessenden, Saulsbdry, and Clingman,
to be the conferees on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill of this
House (No. 914) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1862,
with amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed a resolution
that a committee of one member of the Senate be
appointed to join a committee of two members
of the House of Representatives to wait on Abra-
ham Lincoln, of Illinois, and to notify him that"
he has been duly elected President of the United
States for four years, commencing with the 4th of
March, 1861; and also to notify Hannibal Ham-
lin, of Maine, that ho has been duly elected Vice
President of the United States for four years,
commencing with the 4th of March, 1861; and
that they have appointed Mr. Trumbull on said,
committee on their part.
ill on aalu/
CONDITION OF TIIE COUNTRY
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, it was offi-
cially announced yesterday in this Hall that Abra-
ham Lincoln, a worthy, patriotic, and intelligent
citiz.cn of the State of Illinois, had been elected
President of the United States of Anjgrica, ac-
cording to the forms and requirements of the Con-
stitution, and laws made in pursuance thereof.
Absolute submission to the results of elec-
tions has been the homage which the American
people periodically offered to their institutions.
Whatever diversity of sentiment or partisan zeal
may have marked the canvass, unanimous obe-
dience has, with patriotic ardor, waited upon the
I decisions of the ballot-box. By a graceful acqui-
| escence m the voice of the majority, my coun-
trymen have been protld to prove their capacity
for seff-governtnetit. The How dominant party
of the free States have for more thana quarter of
a century submitted to the governmental policy
of the slave States, although greatly superior to
them in population—not because it was submis-
sion, but obedience to the laws of the land. _
The election of Mr. Lincoln carries with itthe
full force of constitutional precedent and popular
conviction. Yet that habitual and historic obe-
dience is now for the first time refused by a por-
tion of the people—a refusal as deplorable as
amazing. We hear the bold avowal-that the in-
auguration of the President elect will be resisted,
and that he will not be permitted to take his past
at the head of the Government; or at least shall
have but a divided rule, unless ample and satis-
factory concessions to a portion of the Confeder-
acy shall first be made. It is proposed, or has
been proposed by the leaders and participators in
this treasonable conspiracy, to resist the inaugu-
ration by force of arms, to seize the Federal Cap-
ital, to precipitate revolution in the border and
intermediate States, to breakup the Government,
and to plunge a great and prosperous people into
all the horrors of civil War. To carry out tliesede-
structive purposes, the most subtile and extended
combination has been formed. Embracing many
of the leading Senators and dignitaries of the
Gulf States, it has drawn within its fatal vortex
chiefs of the Cabinet; has paralyzed the Presi-
dent, and has its friends ana ramifications in the
cities of the North. Six States claim to have de-
tached themselves from the Union irrevocably,
and in defiance of section ten article one of the
Constitution, which declares, "no State shall
enter into any confederation," have proceeded to
form a hostile confederation within the limits and
jurisdiction of the United States.^
Without pausing for redress, if injury has been
inflicted, or fearing that remedy might bo applied
if opportunity were given; without the suffrages
of the people, or against well ascertained popular
majorities in some instances, recklessly have they
struck a blowat the best Government in the world,
as well as inflicted an irreparable injury upon
themselves. Thisjiombination against constituted
authority embra™ two classes of men, the one
giving aid and comfort to the other, acting for the
time tjcing in concert, but with different objects
in view, namely: the secessionists perse, and those
who are termed reconstructionists. Both claim
the Union has been, or must be destroyed; the
former finally so, while the latter indulge in the
philanthropic hope of reconstructing it on Dem-
ocratic pro-slavery principles—from disinterested
motives, of course! Intent upon different objects
now, what they will be hereafter we must leave
time to determine. Sufficient for us to know, that
both stand in a position hostile to the inviolabil-
ity of the Union. The former are preeminent for
boldness in treason;the latter for baseness of par-
tisan warfare, at a time when the temple of liberty
is rocked to its foundations. Reconstruction im-
plies previous destruction; and any party, or com-
bination of men, that propose to destroy the Amer-
ican Union, must and will fail. Our inheritance
is indivisible. The Union has not been and can-
not be dissolved. Its fibrous interlacings of in-
terests cannot be sundered. Heroic deeds, rev-
olutionary reminiscences, commercial relations,
domestic relations, the continuity of a boundless
coast, immense rivers, mountain chains, iron
bands, are our common property; one national
anthem our inspiration, one flag our symbol!
"Those whom God hath joined together let not
man put asunder."
No, sir; I hold it next to treason, ata timelike
this, to claim that the Union of our fathers is dis-
solved. Every true man, every native and adopted
citizen, should rally around her altar and swear to
maintain the Union, without reservation, in all
peril, and in every contingency. A Government
that has claimed the respect of mankind, and which
rests as light as gossamer upon the governed, giv-
ing to all the most perfect security, as well as the
largest liberty within the limits of constitutional
order, is worth every sacrifice consistent with
j vital principle to maintain.
jj Let every effort be made to preserve our na-
I' tionality intact—every star upon our flag, every
p acre within our limits. Let all Union-loving ana
! patriotic men unit© heart and soul for this grand
L object. Let ail our energies be directed to the
