910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
pcaceable solution of present difficulties. But this
must be done without the sacrifice of those prin-
ciples on which the hopes of mankind depend,
and on which free government is based. These
we could not surrender if we would, and would
not if we could. 1 will not despair so Ions: as one
ray of light glimmers along the political Horizon.
But if all effort at reconciliation shall prove una-
vailing, then loyal citizens everywhere, in all sec-
tions of the country, must look the danger in the
face and meet it as becomes men.
But 1 proceed to inquire what causc have the
enemies of the Union to object to the peaceable
and ordinary inauguration of the President elect?
He was selected by his fellow-citizens from pure
motives, and as a just exponent of their views of
public policy. 'That a change was necessary in
the administration of the affairs of the country,
ali impartial men admit, after the fatal and over-
whelming disasters of the last few months.
What new idea does Mr. Lincoln propose to
adopt m the administration of the Government?
What new policy to inaugurate? Must he not
take care that the laws be faithfully executed and
the Government sustained? On the question of
opposition to the extension of slavery in the Ter-
ritories, stands he not where Washington, Frank-
lin, Jefferson,and all their great compeers stood?
On the doctrine of adequate protection to Ameri-
can labor and productions, we find him side by
side with Cjay and Jackson. On all those ques-
tions that relate to the general improvement of
the country, Mr. Lincoln moves in harmony with
the leading minds of the age. Faithful and patri-
otic in the past, we have the right to expect the
same in the future. What cause have misguided
men to oppose the installment of the newly-elected
President? Why should it be deemed necessary
that the choice of the people should purchase his
way to the picsidential chair by grants of rights
to disappointed and rebellious men? Why do not
the South and the North accord to him what has
been accoided to others? Have the opponents of
the Republican puity been so long in office that
they have forgotten their obedience to the laws3
Candidates for President and Vice President have
been elected before from the same section of the
country, ana have quietly attuned the duties of
their respective offices. Presidents have been
elected before by a plurality, and not a majority,
of ali the votes cast, and no man has raised his
voice against the constitutionality of such an elec-
tion. The issues were plain, the vote overwhelm-
ing, and the result decided.
But, it is said, the southern mind legards the
election of Mr. Lincoln as a distinct declaration,
on the part of the dominant party, that slavery
shall be ultimately extinguished in the slave States.
This calumny should be corrected by those who
promulgated it. It has no foundation m fact. It
is against the declarations, votes, platforms, and
positions of the Republican party. The only
persons in the country who inculcate this doctrine
act in open opposition to the dominantparty, and
now rejoice in the probable overthrow of the Re-
public, iu order that they may cai ry out their abo-
lition schemes. The political antagonists of the
Abolitionists are the Republicans. The aiders
and abettors of abolitionism are those who seek
to destroy the Union.
Sir, 1 claim, in its most broad, full, and com-
prehensive sense—claim it for the honor, safety,
and future of my country—that the President
elect has the right; nay, more than this, that the
people of the country have the right, without re-
gard to party or section, to have the man of their
lawful choice fully inaugurated at the capital, with ;
alltheusualformsand ceremonies, withoutteims,
without negotiation, without compromise, and
without apology. 1 give no reason but that lie is
the Presidentelect; and, in the name and majesty
of the American people, i demand the right for
the people.
Would you establish the baneful precedent of
negotiation before inauguration? Sir, I claim in-
auguration before negotiation: the clear acknowl-
edgment of the right first; the terms of adjustment
afterwards. Whatever terms I may be disposed
to make with loyal men everywhere, I will not
make terms with those who stand in hostile array
to the Government, no matter what the conse-
quences may be. Let these men first surrender
the public property, restore the hospitals, navy-
yards, forts«arms, treasure, and arsenals, and ac-
knowledge the supremacy of the laws. Then,
when order shall be restored, and an outraged
nationality vindicated, I would hear their com-
plaints, and give them the full measure of redress
for any actual grievance. So far,at least,as con-
tumacious persons are concerned, the following
sentiments, attributed to Mr. Lincoln, apply in
full force:
" I will suffer death before I will consent, or advise my
friends to consent, to any concession or compromise which
looks like buying the privilege of taking possession of the
Government to which we have a constitutional right; be-
cause, whatever I might think of the merits ol the various
propositions before Congrc&s, I should regard any conces-
sion m the face of menace as the destruction of the Gov-
ernment itself, and a consent on all hands that our system
shall be brought down to a level with the existing disorgan-
ized state of affairs in Mexico. But this thirg will here-
after be, as it is now, in the hands of the people; and if
they dasiie to call a convention to remove any grievances
complained of, or to give new guaiantees for the perma-
nence of vested lights, it i-5 not mine to oppose."
Any other course will destroy the respect in
which theGovernmentishold athome andabroad.
If the representatives of the people submit to
menaces and threats, such submission is moral,
political, and national death. The nation could
never recover from it. It would invite attack from
abroad, and grant license to rebellion at home.
The plain path of duty in this crisis is the path
of safety and dignity and patriotism. Let us in-
sist that the honor of our flag shall be maintained
—a flag which is known and honored in every
land; a flag under which our new-found world
marched to greatness in a single generation. It
is a pioneer before whom the wilderness recedes;
a magician by whose transmutations the trees of
the forest still point heavenward as the spires of
the city; a guardian beneath whose care happy
homesnestle, wide-spread valleys laugh with plen-
teousness,teeming mountainsyield theirtreasures,
and vast waters float the argosies of States.
Abroad, as at home, wide waves the banner of
enterprise and empire. In the thronging marts
of the Old Woild, on the newly-opened paths of
Pacific seas, shekeling the commerce of a conti-
nent beneath its folds; in the despotic capitals of
Europe, it interposes a protecting ecgis between
the American citizen and the potentate who would
oppress hitn. In the classic ports of the Medi-
teirancan, it proclaims a wondrous Republic,
mighty as old Rome, rich as Ind, vast as Europe,
and peaceful as Paradise. It flashes like an au-
roia through the glacial pinnacles of Arctic seas,
and answers the vivid constellations of the tropics
with its kindling stais! Omniscient symbol of
an almost omnipotent people, in thy wanderings
far and wide, by sea and land, amid the despot-
isms of old worlds and the license of new, could
none be found to assail thee save thine own ? It
was reserved for those who have grown to great-
ness beneath the waving of thy prosperous folds
to smite thee. Are there none in this hour of
peril to defend? Banner, of which all Christen-
dom is so proud that it forgets to envy, float calm
and inscrutable upon the airs of heaven, and
" hide thy time."
Sir, I have heard much of late of State rights
and State sovereignty. The national Government
is assumed to be a more agent, and a very de-
crepit agent, with far less power than the old Con-
federation. From the declamation of gentlemen,
one would suppose it to be an abstraction, a grand
Yankee improvement upon the " circumlocution
office "—a " how not to do it55 improved and per-
fected. But remembering, sir, the past history of
my country, I am encouraged to think better of her
system, and to repudiate the idea which the argu-
ments advanced and the events ti axis piling around
us Would seem to sustain. The best Government,
bi^liy administered, is crippled in its action. A
ponderous battle-ax in hands too weak to wield
it, becomes less effective than a child's bauble.
Without an Executive, or worse than without an
Executive, we have been drifting about among
the rocks and shoals, with high seas thundering
on a le'e%hore; every soul on board anxtouslyin-
quiring, where is the pilot? We will find one
presently; but in the mean time let us observe that
this United States Government of ours is a nation-
ality of the people, a grand powerful Govern-
ment of men, not Slates, extending fiom the Rio
Grande to the St. Croix. It was formed by the
people, who are supreme. They surrendered to
the Government, from the abundance of their sov-
ereignty, ail the grants of right or power enumer-
ated in the Constitution, as well as of necessity
all requisite to the enjoyment or exercise of the
express grants. Within this limit, the United
States Government is supreme, and so expressly
declared to be in the charter itself. Between the
United States and the several Slates there can be
no conflict of authority so long as each revolves
in its appropriate sphere. Each is supreme within
its limits. Neither has authority beyond. The
heresy that a State has a right to secede or with-
draw from the Union at pleasure has no author-
ity or foundation. AIT theories, as all practice,
of srtl Governments is against it. Such a heresy,
stfikingat the root of all organization, cannot make
an impression on the minds of reasoning men.
*\J It was an evildayforour beloved country when
a weak old man proclaimed to the nations of the
earth, through the instrumentality of an important
State paper, that this mighty Government—this
giant Republic—the very incarnation of power,
feared and respected by civilized and barbarous
nations, had no power to save itself from annihi-
lation. No power to quell rebellion! What a
commentary upon the work of our revered fathers!
That in the construction of a Government to take
the place of a Confederation, expressly declared
to be perpetual, they should have neglected that
which was essential to its very life, must strike
reflecting minds as an absurdity. No right on
the part of aState to secede; secession, rebellion,
and no power to suppress rebellion, (for this is the
logic of this remaxkabie paper.) That which no
law punishes is justified, and the public mind de-
clines from toleration to demoralization. Tacitus
saith, of another age and people, "such was the
state of their minds that the worst villainy a few
dared, more approved of it, and ali tolerated."
Alas! that the language of the ancient historian
should describe the condition of our country in
this better age!
Can it be wondered that the diplomats of St.
James rubbed their astonished eyes as the might
of the western world dissolved before them like a
mirnge, and Europe saw dismayed this seiene
mountain of refuge, quaking with the throes of
eruption, such as convulse volcanic France, or
heaving Italy. Sir, I trust in the providence of
God we shajl hear a more reliable opinion, re-
specting the powers of this Government, on the
4th of March next.
That secession is rebellion, is a fixed fact. That
rebellion in this instance, if successful, will be
styled revolution, is not so plain. History has
an awkward way of calling things by their right
names, as leadeis of civil commotion sometimes
livelong enough to discover; and this world's
history has not yet termed that revolution which
was without causc and against a just Govern-
ment. This commotion in the land has this
breadth, and no more. A portion of the people
of some of the States are in rebellion against the
General Government They have gone so far in
their insanity as to levy war against the United
States. They have set up organizations within,
and hostile to, the United States. They have
seized the public property, fired upon a steamer
chartered by the Government, and have beseiged
the gallant Anderson in his sea-giit fortress. And
now, in view of all this, what do we propose to
do5 The question is between the loyal citizens
and the disloyal citizens; between a lawful Gov-
ernmentand an armed rebellion. If not speedily
adjusted, one or the other must perish. It will
become a question of time. They cannot exist
together within the same territory. None but
disloyal men think of dismembering this Govern-
ment. The Constitution provides noway in which
it can be done. If we had the power, no more
improvident or disastrous step could be taken.
The results of a peaceable separation would be
stan ding armies, a long bolder bristling with bayo-
nets, forts,and custom-houses. Conflicts,growing
out of complications about trade, customs, trea-
ties, and the mouth of the Mississippi, would be
interminable, until our miserable condition would
excite the pity, as well as the contempt of man-
kind. One thing is ciear as a ray of Heaven's pure
light: there is no safety in the present, no hope
in the future, but to stand by the Union as our
fathers made it. In speaking of secession in 1850,
in his letter dated the 3d October, of that year,
addressed to Hon. Daniel Ullman, what said the
patriot Henry Clay?
•l Suppose the standard should be raised of open resist-
