326
APPENDIX TO THE CONQRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
36th Cong....2d Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
and sixty-one, or as soon thereafter as possible,
and to terminate July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five. And the Postmaster General is hereby
directed to award the contract to the lowest re-
sponsible bidder furnishing ample guarantees of
his ability and disposition to perform his con-
tract: Provided, That the amount of his bid shall
not exceed eight hundred thousand dollars per
year: Provided, That the contractor shall supply
Denver City and Groat Salt Lake City at least
semi-weekly without extra charge: And provided
further, That the letter and newspaper mail shall
be carried through in twenty days, and the pam-
phlet, magazine, periodical, and public document
mail in thirty-five days. But the Postmaster Gen-
eral may authorize the carrying of said pamphlet,
magazine, periodical, and public document portion
of the mail by steamship route, at least semi-
monthly to San Francisco, if desired by the con-
tractor, and if said service is performed at the con-
tractor's expense: And provided further, That the
contractor shall not be required, in addition to the
letter mail, to carry more of the newspaper mail
by the twenty days'schedule than will make the
average weight of the whole mail one thousand
pounds per day; and the remainder, if any, of the
newspaper mail shall be carried on the thirty-five
day schedule above provided for.
Sec. IS. Jind be it further enacted, That the
Postmaster General is hereby directed to extend
the existing mail contract on route eight thousand
and seventy-six, in the State of Texas, so that it
will expire with connecting route twelve thou-
sand five hundred and seventy-eight, known as
the Butterfield route, provided it can be done at
■ an additional expense not exceeding eighty thou-
sand dollars per annum, and provide for a semi-
weakly connection with the city of New Orleans,
but the Postmaster General shall have the same
authority over this route as over all others; and
after said daily overland mail has gone into oper-
ation,the postage between any State orTerritory
east of the Rocky Mountains, and any State or
Territory on the Pacific, on each newspaper, pe-
riodical, unsealed circular, or other article of
printed matter, not exceeding three ounces in
weight, shall be one cent, and for every addi-
tional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, one cent
additional.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the cost
of the sorviceonthe routes named in this act shall
be paid, after annual appropriation, by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, upon the certificate of the
Postmaster General. And that the rate of letter
postage between any State or Territory east of
the Eocky Mountains, and any State or Terri-
tory on the Pacific coast, shall be ten cents per
half ounce.
Sec. 18. Andbe it further enacted, ThatthcPost-
mastcr General is authorized to provide tempo-
rary steamship service by the nearest and most
expeditious route between New ^ ork and San
Francisco, at a cost not exceeding three hundred
and fifty thousand dollars a year, reserving to the
Government the privilege of annulling the con-
tract, after the commencement of the overland
service, upon sixty days' notice.
Sec. 19. And be it further cnacted, That the cost
of the scrvice authorized 111 the three preceding
sections of this act, and that now performing on
the inland routes numbered eight thousand nine
hundred and eleven, twelve thousand eight hun-
dred and one, twelve thousand five hundred and
seventy-eight, and eight thousand and seventy-
six, shall be paid,after annual appropriation, by
the Secretary of the Treasury, upon certificate of
service from the Postmaster General, except so
far as appropriations may already have been made
for such service.
Approved, February 27, 1861.
Chap. LV1II.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Consular and Diplomatic Expenses of
the Government for the year ending the thir- 1
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thiitieth June, eighteen hundred and I
sixty-two, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary,ministers,
and commissioners of the United States at Great
Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Austria,
Brazil, Mexico, China, Chili, Peru, Portugal,
Switzerland,Rome, Sardinia, Belgium, Holland,
Denmark, Sweden, Turkey, New Granada, Bo-
livia, Ecuador,Venezuela,Guatemala, Nicaragua,
Sandwich Islands, Costa Rica, Honduras, Argen-
tine Confederation, Paraguay, and Japan, three
hundred and one thousand dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, forty-
three thousand three hundred and fifty dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation
at London and Paris, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
China, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to Tur-
key, acting as interpreter, three thousand dollars.
For compensation to the interpreter to the mis-
sion to Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, forty thousand dollars.
For contingentcxpcnses of foreign intercourse,
forty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, three thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turkish
dominions, namely.-interpreters, guards, and other
expenses of the consulates at Constantinople,
Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, and Beirut, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the masters and crews
of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens of the United
States from shipwreck, ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery,
arms of the United States, seals, presses, flags,
and for the payment of postages and miscellaneous
expenses of the consuls of the United States,
thirty thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls general, con-
suls, and commercial agents who are not allowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon,
twenty-seven thousand three hundred and seventy
dollars.
For salaries of consuls general at Quebec,
Calcutta, Alexandria, Havana, Constantinople,
Frankfort-on-thc-Mam; consuls at Kanagawa and
Nagasaki in Japan, Liverpool, London, Mel-
bourne, Hong Kong, Glasgow, Mauritius, Sing-
apore, Belfast, Cork, Dundee, Dcmarara, Halifax,
Kingston, (Jamaica,) Leeds, Manchester,^ Nas-
sau, (New Providence,) Southampton, Turk's
Island, Prince Edward's Island, Havre, Pans,
Marseilles, Bordeaux,La Rochelle, Lyons, Mos-
cow, Odessa, Revel, St. Petersburg, Mantansas,
Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, San Juan,
(Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga, Ponce,(Porto Rico,)
Trieste, Vienna, Aix-la-Chapelle, Can ton, Shang-
hae, Fouchou, Amoy, Ningpo, Beirut, Smyrna,
Jerusalem, Rotterdam, Anisteidam, Antwerp,
Funchal, Oporto, St. Thomas, Elsineur, Genoa,
Basle, Geneva, Messina, Naples, Palermo, Leip-
sic, Munich, Leghorn, Stuttgardt, Bremen, Ham-
burg, Tangiers, Tripoli, Tunis, Rio de Janeiro,
Pemambuco, Vera Cruz, Acapulco, Callao, Val-
paraiso, Buenos Ayres, San Juan del Sur, Aspin-
wall, Panama, Laguayra, Honolulu, Lahama,
Cape-Town, Falkland Islands, Venice, Stettin,
Candia, Cyprus, Batavia, Fayal, Santiago, (Cape
de Verdes,) Saint Croix, Spezzia, Athens, Zanzi-
bar, Balm, Maranham Island, Para, Rio Giande,
Matamoras, Mexico, (city,) Tampico, Paso del
Norte, Tabasco, Paita, Tumbez, Talcahuano,
Carthagena, Sabanillo, Omoa, Guyaquil, Cobija,
Montevideo, Tahita, Bay of Islands, Apia, Lan-
thala; commercial agents at San Juan del Norte,
Port au Prince, San Domingo, (city,) St. Paul
de Loando, (Angola,) Monrovia, Gaboon, Cape
Haytien, Aux Cayes, and Amoor river, two hun-
dred and seventy-four thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars; and the office of consul general
at Simodais hereby abolished. And the salaiies
of the consuls at Kanagawa and Nagasaki, in
Japan, shall be three thousand dollars each.
For expenses incurred, under instructions from
the Secretary of State, in bringing home from
foreign countries persons charged with crime, and
expenses incident thereto, ten thousand dollars.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
four thousand fiye hundred dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, seven
thousand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts in
Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for wages
of the keepers of the same, nine thousand eight
hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to have pre-
pared and transmitted to the executives of the
several States having boundaries with foreign
States a competent number of authentic copies of
the settlement of such boundaries, and the maps
and charts relating thereto, and the evidence
thereof in the State Department, ten thousand
dollars.
To meet an extraordinary emergency which
has arisen in bringing from Batavia twenty-four
seamen of the ship Staghound, charged with mu-
tiny, nine thousand seven hundred and ninety-
two dollars, or so much thereof as may be deemed
just and fair; said sum to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of State.
Approved, February 28, 1861.
CuAr. LIX.—An Act to provide a temporary
Government for the Territory of Colorado.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americuin Congress
assembled, That all that part of the territory of
the United States included within the following
limits, viz: commencing on the thirty-seventh
parallel of north latitude where the twenty-fifth
meridian of longitude west from Washington
crosses the same; thence north on said meridian
to the forty-first parallel of north latitude; thence
along said parallel west to the thirty-second me-
ridian of longitude west from W ashington; thence
south on said meridian to the northern line of New
Mexico; thcnce along the thirty-seventh parallel
of north latitude to the place of beginning, be,
and the same is hereby, erected into a temporary
government by the name of the Territory of Col-
orado: Provided, That nothing m this act con-
tained shall be construed to impair the rights of
person or property now pertaining to the Indians
in said Territory, so long a,s such rights shall re-
main unextinguished by treaty between the Uni-
ted States and such Indians,'or to include any
territory which, by treaty with any Indian tribe,
is not, without the consent of said tribe, to lie in-
cluded within the territorial limits or jurisdiction
of any State or Territory; but all such terntory
shall be excepted out of the boundaries and con-
stitute no part of the Terntory of Colorado until
said tribe shall signify their assent to the Piesi-
dent of the United States to be included within
the said Territory, or to affect the authority of
the Government of the United States to make any
regulations respecting such Indians, their lands,
property, or other rights, by treaty, law or other-
wise, which it would have been competent for the
Government to make if this act had never passed:
Provided further, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to inhibit the Govern-
ment of the United States from dividing said
Territory into two or more Territories, m such
manner and at such times as Congress shall deem
convenient and proper, or from attaching any por-
tion thereof to any other Territory or State.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said Ter-
ritory of Colorado shall be vested in a Governor,
who shall hold his office for four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and otualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States. The Governor shall reside within
said Territory, shall be commander-in-chief of
the militia thereof, shall perform the duties and
receive the emoluments of superintendent of In-
dian affairs, and shall approve all laws passed
by the Legislative Assembly before they shall
take effect; he may grant pardons for offenses
against the laws of said Territory, and reprieves
for offenses against the Saws of the Uivted States,
| until the decision of the President can be made
' known thereon; he shall commission all officers
! who shall be appointed to office under the laws
