THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
of the United States may disapprove of it; but their
Congress shall be powerless. The Territorial
Legislature may be opposed to it from policy or
principle; but shall be constrained to vote, in defi-
ance of principle and policy, to propagate and
sustain that which is repugnant to its convictions.
Most likely, to understand the interests of the
domain to which it pertains, it is obliged to protect
slavery in the Terri tory—against what ? Agai nst
the honest action of its own untrammeled judg-
ment; against the struggles of a helpless people
hostile to the institution thus relentlessly imposed
upon them. What is this but despotism? Des-
potism in a land where the voice of the people
nas been omnipotent as the voice of God ! And
wherefore this infringement upon popular rights?
or wherefore this destruction.of established pol-
icy ? That the repugnance of the people may
wear away under the inevitable influence of cus-
tom, association, and interest, until from the ter-
ritorial forcing-house maybe transplanted a new
slave State or States, to preserve the ascendency
of slavery over freedom m the Confederation.
This amendment to the Constitution, then, with
a sublime indifference to the wishes or interests
of a people, aims at the nobler end of the pres-
ervation of a party. Sir, what is all this but ma-
chinery to force the institution of slavery upon
free men? Methinks, the effort to compel the
people of a Territory to accept the Leeompton
constitution should have taught us wisdom. I do
not propose to become a party to the renewed
attempt.
While that portion of article first of Mr. Crit-
tenden's proposition which relates to Territories
now held by the United States seems to me to be
despotic, the paragraph which points to all which
shall be " hereafter acquired" is aggressive. While
willing to legislate for ali the Territory of the
United States, Mr. Speaker, I naturally feel a mod-
est hesitation in making laws for Cuba, Mexico,
South America, mountains of the moon, or any
other visionary, probable or improbable, posses-
sions, comprehended under a term so vague. The
localities 1 have mentioned are not only not under
the jurisdiction of the United States, but are ac-
tually held^by other Gov^pments, who might
with justice resent this intrusion of covetous filli-
bustorism. Such an ideal style of legislation
would seem to be not only unstatesmanlike, but
unprincipled. The antecedent legislation which
is thus proposed will hardly suffice to change the
laws of Central America or Cuba, should we
hereafter by any possibility negotiate for the pos-
session of those interesting localities; and if they
become ours by a less ceremonious process, I
hope our own Constitution will not testify to a
premeditated theft.
Article six of the resolutions provides that no
future amendment of the Constitution shall affect
the five preceding articles, nor the third paragraph
of the section of tiie fourth article of the Consti-
tution. When our fathers framed the Constitu-
tion, they anticipated that the exigencies of a pro-
gressive people, would demand modifications of
that instrument. With provident forethought,
they indicated the manner in which such amend-
ments should be made. Entering by the door left
open for them, these amendments propose to close
that door foiever, and entrench themselves, as in
a fortress, against the besieging necessities of after
times. No future amendment shall affect them !
And why do they claim to be more sacred than
the Constitution irseii2 Why is one clause of that
Consirution elevated above its pfiers to share the
inviolable sanctity of these modern amendments?
Because they single out, as the object of their
peculiar care, one of the multifarious interests of
the land. Without pausing to examine the mer-
its of that interest which has inspired a devotion
that surpasses patriotism; that interest to which
Senators and Cabinets have transfened the fealty
due to their country; that interest which is pre-
sented to the Constitution for such partial care—I
proceed to question the right to make an amend-
ment which, when made, will be in direct conflict
with the instrument itself, and destructive to its
spuit, meaning, balance, and equality. The res-
olutions say that certain of them, and a certain por-
tion of the Constitution, shall never be amended.
The Constitution says that all its articles maybe
amended. Diu it contemplate the introduction of
Buy amendment to destroy Uie power to amend?
Shall the Constitution read, "all the articles may
be amended, provided some of the articles shall
never be amended ?" Sir, I claim that such an
amendment would be in direct antagonism with a
fundamental principle on which the instrument
was framed—the equal protection from violability of
all the interests secured by it. I urge that, when
these resolutions propose to stand unalterably for-
ever, athwart the track of an advancing people,
the spirit of the Constitution itself interposes to
protect the centuries of the future from these
shackles which the present labors to forge.
Slavery is to have especial protection in the
charter of our liberties. It is to be deified in an
instrument in which the fathers refused it a recog-
nition as such. But, if entrcnched in the Consti-
tution as property, with protection above and be-
yond all other property, will it not follow, or will
it not be claimed, that it will be entitled to pro-
tection everywhere, not only in the Territories,
but on the high seas, under our flag, as well as in
the free States of this Union ?
As was shown by the distinguished gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] the people will
never ratify the idea of extending slavery to free
soil. It is impossible to procure for these resolu-
tions two thirds of this body, or even a bare ma-
jority. It is impossible to obtain a like majority
in the other branch; and three fourths of the States
would never adopt them. Let all friends of the
Union abandon them as a useless impossibility,
now and forever. Pause, gentlemen of the Amer-
ican Congress, pause, before you ask of men as
free as yourselves so impossible a surrender of
sacred convictions.
Mr. Speaker, I shall now briefly—for the time
allotted to me will not admit of extended discus-
sion—refer to the measures of adjustment reported
by the committee of thirty-three. These propo-
sitions, or at least several of them, have been re-
sponded to by the country, and I believe will be
sustained by a majority of this House, as most
equitable and reasonable in themselves. Among
the resolutions reported, is one in relation to per-
sonal liberty bills, so called. It is said that some
northern States have adopted measures for the
purpose of preventing the arrest and surrender of
fugitives from labor. Although this objection is
a mere pretext for disorder in the Gulf States,
inasmuch as they seldom or never lose a fugitive
by reason of obstructive legislation, yet good
faith requires that any enactmentof the character
indicated should be promptly repealed; not be-
cause anybody demands it, but because it is right
in itself. The committee have reported a resolu-
tion for that purpose, and I trust it will be adopted.
They have also reported an amended fugitive
slave law, which, inasmuch as it gives a right of
ttial by jury, under certain circumstances, to the
alleged fugitive; and provides for his return to the
place from which it is claimed he escaped, as well
as other wholesome provisions, is an improve-
ment on the presentlaw, and well worthy of con-
sideration.
The disposition of the territory of the United
States south of 36° 30' was and is the main sub-
ject of difficulty. But I will say to you, gentle-
men of the border States, and you, gentlemen of
the Democratic party, that you have it in your
power to quiet all this agitation; and I beseech
you to come forward and do it. Abandon extreme
views; give up the Crittenden and other impossi-
bilities; and let us unite our strength on the New
Mexico measure reported from the committee of
thirty-three, in the spirit in which it was offered
by the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams.] This Territory, except a
small portion embraced in Indian treaties, and
which cannot be included in any State, is all that
remains to the United States south of 36° 30'.
The moment we exclude the idea of future acqui-
sition, or" filUbustensnVthis New Mexico pos-
session is the sole bone of contention—the only
subject of difficulty among the people of the coun-
try. I claim that no further " compromise" or
concession is necessary in regard to this Territory.
We adjusted the whole subject in 1850, after care-
ful and solemn deliberation, and with the approval
of the leading statesmen of both sections. This
deliberate adjustment was made the law of the
land, and remains upon the statute-book to this
day. It is as follows:
" Provided, That when admitted as a State, the saidTer-
ritoiy, [New Mexico,] or any portion of the same, shall be
received into the Union with or wthout slavery, aa their
constitution may prescribe at th? timfi of their admission."
— United States Statutes at Large, Thirty-First Congress,
1850, p. 447.
Gentlemen of the South, you were parties to the
compromise of 1850. Will you execute the con-
tract we then made m good faith, and by the pas-
sage of the enabling act, reported by tne gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] permit the people
of New Mexico to make their constitution in their
own way? We gave this congressional pledge to
the people who went into that Territory. Shall
we not redeem the faith of the Government?
Gentlemen of the Republican party, who pro-
pose to "execute the laws," cannot refuse to exe-
cute the organic law of this Territory. On an-
other occasion they submitted the same question
to the people of a Territory, north of 36° 30', and
have had no occasion to repent the submission.
New Mexico is said to have a population of one
hundred and five thousand inhabitants. If we
admit it as a State, then this whole question of
slavery will be taken from Congress, and the agi-
tation will cease. This measure, then, with such
modifications as may bejustand reasonable, I am
ready to sustain. If it shall not be adopted, in
my judgment the best plan would hereafter be,
to refer the whole subject to a convention of all
the States. The people made this Government,
and I know their ability to take care of it.
My own State will stand by the Union to the
last. She looks to no other future, and desires
none. Moderate in their views, as her people are
known to be, deeply anxious as they are to arrange
all pending difficulties in the spirit of fraternal
affection, yet her lot is cast with the Union. She
will assist in upholding and maintaining it to the
last of her sons and her treasure. God grant that
the Union may be perpetual.
Mr. VANDEVER obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me in behalf of the public business.
Mr. VANDEVER. Certainly. 1 yield for
that purpose.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 547) for the relief of
the parish of St. Matthew's church in the city
of Washington; when the Speaker signed the
same.
POST OFFICE APPROPKIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the special
order be postponed until next Tuesday after the
morning hour, with a view to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
take up the Po§t Office appropriation bill.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I object.
Mr. VANDEVER. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the motion to postpone the further con-
sideration of the special order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Webster] will be allowed to
occupy the attention of the House for a few mo-
ments.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that the gentleman
from Ohio will not only withdraw his demand for
the previous question, but that he will also with-
draw his motion to postpone. I trust that he will
hear my reason font. If he does not desire to
continue this discussion, we are ready to vote; but
if he intends that there shall be any more debate,
then let it now go on. We desire to discuss the
special order on this side. Gentlemen on the
other side of the House have been heard, accord-
ing to my recollection, as four to one' on this side.
Gentlemen on the other side have been heard in
the day, while gentleman on this side have been
compelled to speak at night, to empty benches.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, in the chair.) Debate is not in order
during the call for the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I have only a few words to
say.
Mr. BABBITT. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Ohio
wants to stop debate, and have a vote on the spe-
cial order, then we will go with him. If not, then
let the debate go on,
Mr. SHERMAN. I only say that I do not
