914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/
February 14,
I have already called the previous question, and
I believe the Speaker understood it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Massachusetts was upon the floor, and, ac-
quiescing in the remarks of the gentleman from
North Carolina, the Chair did not interrupt him.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Speakerdecido that
I have not the floor.'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair, the gentleman from North Carolina
had relinquished the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Speaker understand
that I called the previous question ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not.
Mr. BRANCH. I called the previous question
most distinctly; and I appeal 'to every member of
the House to support that assertion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from North Carolina did demand the previous
question; hilt, at the suggestion of the gentleman
from Michigan, the Chair understood him ex-
pressly to withdraw it.
Mr. BRANCH. I yielded the floor only upon
condition that 1 did not lose my privilege of in-
sisting upon the previous question, and so I dis-
tinctly stated.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That did not
reach the ear of the Speaker.
Mr. DAWES. Have I the floor?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is recognized.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the Speaker if he does
not understand that I have called the previous
question ?
Mr. DAWES. Cannot I be protected in my
possession of the floor?
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Speaker understand
that the previous question has been called ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair, the gentleman from North Carolina
withdrew the demand for the previous question;
but if the gentleman insists that he desires or in-
tends to renew it, an opportunity will be pre-
sented to renew it. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is now upon the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I not only did not intend to
give up my privilege, but I never intended to
withdraw the previous question. I consented that
the gentleman from Michigan, so far as I was
concerned, might submit any remarks he desired;
but I never withdrew the previous question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from North Carolina unquestionably withdrew
the demand for the previous question at the sug-
gestionofthegcntlemanfromMichigan. Thegen-
tleman will have an opportunity to present again
the demand for the previous question; but at this
time the gentleman from Massachusetts is upon
the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to know, then,
whether the previous question is not pending
upon the resolution?
The SPEAKERprotempore. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. BRANCH. Then, I suppose the Chair
differs with me upon a matter of fact; and upon
a matter of fact there is no appeal. But I do ap-
peal to every member whether I am not correct.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have to request
the gentleman from Massachusetts 
Mr. DAWES. Why am 1 not permitted to
proceed ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man yield me a moment?
Mr. DAWES. In a few minutes. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina assures the House
that the utmost harmony, good feeling, and good
understanding, have prevailed in the committee
from the beginning to the end of the investigation.
I want now to state to the House that when this
majority report was presented to the committee,
it was unanimously agreed to, and each member
of the committee, m an anxious desire to have a
unanimous report, yielded much of his own im-
pressions and inclinations in reference to the tes-
timony submitted to them. A unanimous report,
in the language submitted by the chairman of the
committee, was agreed upon this morning in the
committee. No member of (he committee, I ven-
ture to say, evei heard of the papers which the
gentleman from North Carolina read from the
Clerk's desk; either that which purports to be a
minority report or the resolution which the gen-
tleman has appended to his minority report.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to ask a ques-
tion just here.
Mr. DAWES. Notnow. It is through much
tribulation that I got the floor, and if I can retain
it I will. The gentleman from North Carolina
rises in his seat, and, without the slightest inti-
mation to any of his colleagues upon the com-
mittee, so far as I know, commences reading a
minority report, after having induced the other
members of the committee, in their desire to have
an unanimous report, to yield as far as they could,
impressions which the evidence made upon their
minds. He closed his minority report with a res-
olution—the first intimation any other member of
the committee had of the existence of the resolu-
tion. It is then too late for anybody to object
to its introduction. He followed that up with a
call for the previous question, thereby cutting off
every member of the committee from expressing
his views upon that minority report, or upon the
resolution. And this is offered by the gentleman,
after having confessed to the House that there
has been the utmost harmony and good feeling in
that committee from the beginning to the end. I
must confess, Mr. Speaker, that I hardly ex-
pected, when I yielded—as my friend from North
Carolina knows I did—the strong impressions
made upon my mind by the testimony produced
before the committee, from my desire, in which
I thought I was met fully by the gentleman from
North Carolina, to have a unanimous report from,
the committee, that he would introduce such a
resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to respond to the gen-
tleman in reference to this personal matter, but I
will interrupt him only at such point as is agree-
able to himself. I claim the right to interrupt
him, but ho may select his own time.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from North Car-
olina, it seems to me, failed to understand the po-
sition of the other members of the committee when
he states, in what now purports to be a minority
report, that it is proved, according to the unani-
mous opinion of that committee, that no such
conspiracy existed. On the contrary, the unan-
imous conclusion to which the committee came
was, that it was not proved that any such con-
spiracy existed. It was a Scotch verdict, and
nothing more, which the committee came to the
unanimous conclusion to render in this case.
Under these circumstances, the gentleman from
North Carolina has felt it his duty, I have no
doubt, to introduce a resolution that these troops
should be romoved from the Districtof Columbia.
In my opinion, sir, the reason that we have not
been able to prove the existence of such a con-
spiracy here, is because of the very presence of
these troops in the District of Columbia, which
prevented that conspiracy from ripening into fru-
ition. Sir, tile presence of these troops here has
enabled this committee to present to"the House
this report, that that which, to my mind, it is per-
fectly clear was at one time contemplated, and
proceeded to some extent in its formation, was
nipped in the bud and stifled by the presence of
these troops in this city. The gentleman from 1
North Carolina could not have obtained, I think,
from any member of the committee, a sanction of
the minority report which he has presented.
As I said before, in the desire to produce a
unanimous report, we yielded much,and omitted
to point out wherein the evidence showed that at
one time there did exist, in the minds of very
many disturbed and restless men in and about
>' is District, in the borders of Maryland and Vir-
ginia, an intention, if certain events transpired,
according to what they believed was the tendency
of things, to march upon this capital and seize
the archives. 1 do not believe that there does
exist, now, any such conspiracy in the minds of
men round about us here; but it is because it has
become too apparent to men that discretion is the
better part of valor; because events over which
they had no control have crushed it out. 1 move
to lay the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina upon the table.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the privilege of a
personal reply to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts—a personal explanation. I have a right to
it under the rules. The rules of the House give
me the right. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has alluded to me personally; and under the
rules, I have a right to make a personal expla-
nation in reply to him.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
no member of the committee had ever seen this
resolution before I presented it. I have already
stated that I did not offer this resolution as being
approved or sanctioned by any member of the
committee but myself. My name, and my name
alone, is signed to the report that preceded the
resolution. But I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts a question. Did I not, in
the committee, in open session, this day, say to
the committee that I desired to present a resolu-
tion requesting the President to remove the troops
from this District; but that I knew I stood alone
in the committee in that regard, and that it was
useless to present it to the committee, because it
would be voted down; and I would ask him fur-
ther, whether he himself was not the first gentle-
man to speak out and say that it was useless ? I
I desire the gentleman from Massachusetts to
respond to that question.
Mr. DAWES. Most certainly; and that is the
reason why 1 supposed that the resolution would
never be heard of in the shape of a minority
report.
Mr. BRANCH. Then the gentleman from
Massachusetts has admitted the whole ground
on which my vindication rests from the charge
brought against me of a want of courtesy.
Mr. DAWES. Is this question debatable?
What has become of my motion to lay the reso-
lution upon the table?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Massachusetts suggests that he has made a
motion to lay this resolution upon the table. The
gentleman from North Carolina desired to make
a personal explanation as a matter of courtesy.
Mr. BRANCH. Not as a matter of courtesy,
but under the rules of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to the gentle-
man's explanation. I only wanted to know what
had become of my motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
say to the gentleman from North Carolina, if he
will suspend for a moment, that no objection hav-
ing been made to the exercise of the right which
he claims, but which the Chair regards as a mere
matter of courtesy, the gentleman proceeded, and
the Chair feels it his duty now to permit the gen-
tleman to proceed further.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to the gen-
tleman's remarks. I only want to know what
becomes of my motion?
The SPEAKER^™ tempore. It will come up
at the proper time when the gentleman from
North Carolina has ended his explanation.
Mr. BRANCH. It is very singular, indeed
that after the gentleman from Massachusetts has
charged me with want of courtesy in presenting
the resolution, and then calling the previous ques-
tion so as to prevent debate, he should rise here
now, and after such remarks as he has made in
regard to myself personally, should make a mo-
tion which would cut off farther debate, and pre-
vent me from replying.
The gentleman from Massachusetts is mistaken
if he supposes that I have claimed or desired that
the House should understand that this resolution
met the approbation of any other member of the
committee than myself. 1 present it in behalf of
myself. The report is signed by myseif alone,
and was consented to by no other member at all.
The gentleman says that when the report of the
chairman was read over to the committee, it was
understood to be unanimous. It was so under-
stood. I expressly stated in the report accom-
panying my resolution, that I entirely concurred
in everything contained in the report of the ma-
jority of the committee, and I informed the com-
mittee this morning—-the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts being present and hearing everything
that occurred—that I concurred in all the com-
mittee had done, and only objected to the report
because it did not go far enough; nnd the'gentle-
man from Massachusetts used in response to me
the very illustration which he has used here to-day
m reference to the Scotch verdict.
Now, I submit to the House whether, under all
the circumstances, confessed and admitted by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, it does not come
with ill grace from him to rise here and charge me
with want of courtesy to any of the membersof the
