1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9W
committee ? I have already stated that, through-
out the whole deliberations of the committee, the
utmost frankness and candor and the utmost kind-
liness of feeling have prevailed among the mem-
bers. T have taken no advantage of them in any-
way, and they have taken 110 advantage of me.
I would not, if I could, take advantage to foist on
them anything that they did not approve. I con-
curred in their report from an earnest desire that
the report should be unanimous. I concurred in
it with a statement, at the time, that it did not go
as far as I desired it to go, and that I should de-
sire to have a resolution passed requesting the
President to remove the Federal troops from the
District of Columbia. The gentleman has ad-
mitted that.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from North
Carolina has done just this: he has, by the course
he has taken, unknown to the rest of the com-
mittee, succeeded in getting a resolution before
the House that it would not have been in order
for him to have got before the House under the
action of the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
that, in any instance, since I have been a member
of Congress, the privilege has been denied to a
member of the minority of a committee to pre-
sent his views; and in four such instances out of
five, they have been accompanied by a resolu-
tion, or by a bill; and I have never heard that a
resolution or a bill thus brought before the House
was out of order, or was not legitimately before
the House. At any rate, if it was not m order,
I read the report aloud from the Clerk's desk, and
the Clerk read the resolution by which it was
accompanied. I offered it in good faith, and
pressed it under the belief that it was in order,
and that it was proper to pass it; and neither the
gentleman from Massachusetts, nor any other
gentleman, made a point of order, nor objected to
its reception. When I called the previous ques-
tion, I did so not from a desire to prevent any
member of the committee from expressing his
views. I said not a word, myself, of debate.
Instantly the chairman of the committee rose in
his place, and desired to make a remark. I gave
way to him, and, as the result has shown, I lost
thereby the motion which I had made. I have
paid the penalty of my courtesy to the members
of the committee; and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, who has made all this complaint of
me, has also taken advantage of my courtesy, and
moved to lay the resolution on the table, after the
Chair had stated that I should have an opportu-
nity of calling the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from North
Carolina did not, I dale say, hear my remark to
him, that I did not desire to cut off any remarks
he might wish to make, provided I could hold the
floor, and move to lay the resolution on the table,
as I had already done. I was perfectly willing,
on those terms, to hear the gentleman from North
Carolina.
While I am on the floor, I want to ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina one question. It is
this: by what sort of process is it that he has
been enabled to produce a minority report out of
a unanimous report'
Mr. BRANCH. I did not hear the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. I want to ask the gentleman
by what sort of process it is that he has been
enabled to manufacture a minority report out of
a unanimous report? We have a unanimous re-
port of the committee. I understand, therefore,
that the committee agree to the report from the
beginning to the end of it, and to all portions of
it. The gentleman says that he agreed to the
report, with the rest of us. If so, then there is
no minority report at all. There was no impies-
sion left on the mind of any of the committee to
enable them to suspect the existence of a minor-
ity report. Yet, under these circumstances, It is
that the gentleman thinks lie has fairly, and with
courtesy to the committee, produced a minority
report here.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts asks me how I ain able to manufacture
a minority report out of a unanimous report.
The report which I have filed, and which has
been read to the House—as the gentleman would
well know if he had listened to it—sets out by
stating that I concur in all that the committee has
stated in the majority report; the only objection
1 have to the report being that it did not go far
enough; and I then go on and state in what I
think the committee should have gone further.
Mr DAWES. If the gentleman agrees with
the majority report in all its parts, he then agrees
that it shall stop with the resolution reported by
the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. It is very obvious to the
House how a minority report can be based on
such a report. The committee unanimously agree
upon facts, but they refuse to adopt what I conceive
to be a proper sequence from those facts. They
agree that no conspiracy exists, or, at least, that
none has been proved. I state in the minority
report that I concur with them in this; that no
conspiracy has been proved, and that it is clear
no conspiracy does exist. I then go on to say,
as a natural consequence of those facts, in regard
to which the committee are unanimous, that the
troops that were brought here in consequence of
the belief that there was a conspiracy ought to
be removed from this District. 1 think there can
be no difficulty, on the part of members of the
House, in seeing how I could concur in all that
was contained in the report, and still go further.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I do not wish to interpose, so long as any mem-
ber has anything personal to explain, but I merely
yielded to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] to present his report. If the remarks
of the gentleman from North Carolina are to be
considered as a discussion of this report, then it
seems to me they cover ground for which I did
not yield
Mr. BRANCH. There is one other point of a
personal character, which I wish to refer to, and
then I will yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
wishes to suggest to the gentleman from Illinois,
that after the motion was made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts to lay this resolution on the
table, the Chair deemed it proper to permit the
remarks of gentleman, which were of a personal
character, somewhat. The Chair designed, and
yet designs, to confine this debate between thegen-
Lleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr. DAWKb] and the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch;]
and when its personal character shall be disposed
of, the Chair will put the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BRANCH. The only remaining remark of
a personal charactcr which I desire to make is, as
to a statement made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, which I did not hear, and which has just
been brought to my attention. The gentleman
has stated, as I am informed, that members of
the committee yielded somewhat their individual
opinions, in order that the report might be unan-
imous. In regard to that, I will state that I never
saw the majority report till after it was written.
We had no conference or consultation in which I
participated, as to what would be the character
of the report. I neither suggested any alteration
in the report, nor was any made in it to suit my
views. I now yield to the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
from North Carolina what 1 meant to say.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts withdraw the motion to
lav on the table ?
"Mr DAWES. No, sir.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I claim the atten-
tion of the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will state that the gentleman
from New York is a member of the committee;
and if he will either renew my motion, or let n:.'.J
do so, I will withdraw it for the present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man withdraw his motion ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, on condition that the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to any such arrange-
ment as that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
withdraws his motion to lay on the table, the Chair
will recognize any gentleman who may addiess
it. Does the gentleman withdraw his motion?
Mr. DAWES. Not cxcept on condition that
the gentleman from New York will renew it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I presume I have
the liberty at least of pronouncing an opinion to
the Chair on the point raised.
The SPEAKER pro Umporti The gentleman
from New York must be aware that" it'Is out of
order to discuss this question while there is a mo-
tion pending to lay the resolution on the table.
His remarks can certainly have no relations,of a
personal character, as his name has not been
mentioned in the debate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. ' Allow me to cor-,
rsct the opinion just announced by the Chair; for,
when a discussion proceeds on a report' emanat-
ing from a committee as unanimous, and when
the fact as to whether it is unanimous .or, not- is
discussed, and as to whether there con be a thx-
nority report before the House, there can be noth-
ing, in my estimation, more of a personal char-
acter than the question which alludes to every
member of the committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
sorry that it cannot concur in opinion with -the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE"., Not so sorry as
the member on the floor is. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts withdraw the motion to
lay on the table ?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask fo-r the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the House
for indulgence to make a remark.
The SPEAKER -pro tempore. Is there any
objection?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
any violation of the rules.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have a right to
the floor. It was yielded to me by the gentleman
from North Carolina.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair rflust
inform the gentleman from New York that the
motion to lay the resolution on the table is not
debatable.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I insist that
the gentleman from New York is out of order,
and that the rules shall be enforced.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Why, sir, I was
assigned the floor unconditionally.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the gentleman from New York pro-
ceeding?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Yes, sir;
I insist that the rules be enforced.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Branch] yielded the floor to me; and
I submit that itis not within the province of any
gentleman to take the floor from me. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina yielded to me uncon-
ditionally, and the floor was awarded to me with-
out objection. ^
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order made by the gentle-
man.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman from New
York docs not understand the facts. The gentle-
man fiom North Carolina spoke out of order by
the courtesy of the House, and could not, there-
fore, yield the floor to the gentleman.
Mr. BRANCH. I will say, that the gentleman
from Massachusetts only got the opportunity of
making the motion to lay the resolution on the
table by my extending the courtesy of withdraw-
ing temporarily the demand for the previous ques-
tion, to enable the chairman of the committee to
make an explanation; and I now ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether he will prevent
another member of the committee from making
an explanation which he desires to make, by in-
sisting upon the motion to lay on the table?
Mr. DAWES. In reply to the gentleman from
North Carolina, I will say that I have distinctly,
half a dozen times, offered to give the gentleman
from New York the opportunity of explanation,
by withdrawing the motion to lay on the table,
if he woukl promise to renew the motion. But I
have experienced some difficulty in getting' the
floor; and that difficulty warns me to hold on to
the motion I have made, unless I can have that
assurance.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts allow me to interrupt
him for a moment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
