916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
man from Massachusetts insist upon his motion
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. DAWES, I do.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Then I insist
on the rules of the House being enforced, and no
debate allowed.
Mr. McCLERNAND. i think we have had
explanations enough upon this resolution. Now,
I ask that.the question may be put upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts to lay
on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
,Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, who has control of the
floor upon this resolution, will allow me to put to
him one question ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
indulge the gentleman, if there be no objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. I have no dispo-
sition not to lister) to the gentleman from New
York; but unless the gentleman from Massachu-
setts withdraws the motion to lay on the table, 1
must insist on a decision of the House on that
motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to say to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that I accede
to his terms. If he will withdraw the motion, I
will renew it.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdraw the motion to
lay the resolution on the table ?
Mr. DAWES. Upon that condition, I do.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, I claim the
floor. The gentleman from New York did not
address the Chair at all after the motion had been
withdrawn by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
I was the only member who addressed the Chair,
and I ask that the floor shall be assigned to me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair rec-
ognized the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from New
York, as I said, did not address the Chair. I say
to the Speaker that, under the rules of this House,
1 am entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the gentleman from Kentucky that the
motion to lay the resolution oil the table was with-
drawn by the gentleman from Massachusetts upon
the appeal of the gentleman from New York. The
gentleman from New York was upon the floor at
the time he had been recognized by the Chair,
and when the motion was -withdrawn, was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There seems, in-
deed, to have been more excitement upon this col-
lateral point than there has been manifested in the
discussion of the main question; and, indeed, the
main question is not one of so great significance
that the equilibrium and equanimity of reasonable
gentlemen upon this floor should be so disturbed;
that we should, in fact, be so frightened from our
propriety, as to lead the country Jo suspect that
there is something concealed beneath this ques-
tion of so great importance and of such magnifi-
cent proportions that, when disclosed, we all
should be horrified'ami astounded at the result.
There is, however, sir, a significance in the res-
olution which has been submitted, a gravamen
which calls upon members to closely and accu-
rately scrutinize, and considerately determine. It
contains, sir, a severe censure, in my estimation,
upon the Lieutenant General of the forces of the
United States, and upon the Executive; and it is
in that view that I propose to address to the
House a few remarks at this moment.
I do not say that the gentleman from North
Carolina was necessarily in error in preferring his
minority report; I do believe that, within the strict
rules of courtesy and order, he is to be sustained
in that regard m the course which he has taken;
but respecting the resolution with which he has
closed his remarks, I think he has exceeded the
proper limit, to which the courtesy extended to
him should have been carried. The gentleman
will allow me to say, in this respect, that my re-
marks upon the presentation of that resolution
are made with the most entire_ confidence in the
propriety of the emotions which actuated him,
and of the emotions which he has consulted. But
I must say, in regard to that resolution, it being
here before the House, and its significance being
of that grave nature which I have indicated, that
it ls.proper, and it is due to every gentleman here
who wishes to be heard upon it, and especially to
the members of that committee who are in some
degree to be compromised by it, to speak and utter
his sentiments in very degree.
I should not hesitate to pronounce the report
of the majority of the committee as coming strictly
within the instructions given them; for, if I remem-
ber correctly, the resolution conferring additional
powers upon that committee directed them to
inquire and examine iijto the existence or proba-
bility of an organization to interfere with the
Federal rights, the Federal powers, and Federal
property in the District of Columbia; but whether
the Lieutenant General of the military forces of
the United States, or the Executive, or any other
officer, was justified in having invoked armed
forces, was not a question within the purport of
these instructions, or within the purview of the
powers of the committee. Therefore it is, sir,
that I have taken the floor to say a word in that
regard, that I may not, by my silence, as I am a
member of the committee, be construed to agree
fully in the opinions of the minority report and
resolution submitted by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Branch.] I deprecate as much
as he does, or any othergentleman, the gathering
of armed troops in the capital of the nation, where
legislators are accustomed to assemble and laws
are enacted; where free speech is not only toler-
ated but sustained, in order to preserve that habit
of freedom upon which freemen rely for their
reputation, their integrity, and their honor. I
dislike, quite as much as my friend from Nprth
Carolina, that the military note should be heard
on the morning air.
I dislike, quite as much as he does, that bay-
onets should glitter in the sun. I dislike, quite
as much as he does, the spectacle of a regular
army environing this city, and giving the impres-
sion that Congress is legislating under the dicta-
tion of myrmidons of a despotic captain. I not
only depi ecate, but I reprobate it. But, sir, the cir-
cumstances are not such as justly to allow the con-
clusion he has drawn. The evidence presented
by the chairman of the committee is conclusive on
this poinl, if it be conclusive on anything, that
although there may now be no vestige of an or-
ganization threatening the District of Columbia
and the Federal power here, yet, at no remote pe-
riod of time, there were rumors and reports at-
tracting the attention of all, of the active existence
of such organizations.
It was deemed, by those intrusted with the
preservation of the public peace, necessary to
adopt precautionary measures. If my recollection
be accurate, and I think it is, the question was
put to the leader of the forces in this city, why it
was that reliance was placed upon the regular
troops instead of upon the militia of the District >
And that he replied that, under the circumstances
of the threatened danger, it was more wise and
prudent to rely upon the regular troops in the face
of an insurrection than a militia hastily assembled,
for the reason that untrained troops could not
withstand, without delivering their fire, the hurling
of missiles from an insurrectionary mob. That
answer and that policy were approved, I believe,
by a majority of the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the. gentleman from New-
York state, in justice to me, that at all times dur-
ing the proceedings of the committee I gave out
that I would move a resolution for the removal of
the troops from this District if the conclusion of
the committee was such as I thought it would be.
Mr. JOHN CpCHRANE. That has been the
uniform expression of my friend from North Car-
olina.
Mr. KUNKEL. Before the gentleman from
New York moves to lay the resolution upon the
table, I desire to ask him, as a member of the
committee, whether the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] who offered the resolution of
inquiry, and which the House will remember 1
objected to, appeared before the committee, and
stated upon what authority he had thought proper
to bring the subject of inquiry to the notice of the
House ? I ask this question of the gentleman, be-
cause at the time, representing the State of Mary-
land upon this floor in part, I objected to the res-
olution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
believing then, as now, that it,was a foul calumny
upon the loyalty of the people of that State. De-
nied the privilege then of denouncing it, I desire
to know whether the originatorof this inquisition
appeared before it to state what facts and reasons
he had for submitting the resolutions ? I am sat-
isfied that the whole inquisition originated with
those connected with the WTar Department; with
the Lieutenant General of the Army, at whose
suggestion, it is known, the military power has
been concentrated at the capital of the Republic;
and I now publicly declare, what I believed at the
time, that the object of this futile and false inqui-
sition was either to furnish a pretext for bringing
the troops here, and thus afford the Lieutenant
General a color of justification for such an ex-
traordinary act, or else it originated with the Gov-
ernor of Maryland, or his emissaries about this
Capitol. The Governor of Maryland is the only
respectable man in the State who has had the auda-
city to libel and calumniate his fellow-citizens by
his published proclamation of the 3d of January
last. He has proclaimed that he was in the pos-
session of information not accessible to the Legis-
lature or to people of the State, and that there did
exist in the State an organization of his-fellow-
citizens, armed and prepared to inv.ade the District
of Columbia 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist on my point of
order.
Mr. ICUNKEL. Armed, sir; and prepared to
capture this Capitol. [Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to these interrup-
ruptiona and this prolonging of the debate. I
yielded only for the reception of the report.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman make the point that debate is not in order ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
yielded for the reception of the report; and now
that it is before the House it must be disposed of.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I yielded only for the recep-
tion of the report, and not for action on it.
. Mr. KUNKEL. I hope I may be indulged in
a few remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New Yoik has the floor, and the gentleman
from Maryland is speaking by his courtesy.
Mr. KUNKEL. I thank the gentleman from
New York for his couitesy.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the gentleman
from New York yielding to the gentleman from
Maryland, unless he yields the floor absolutely.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from New York yield to the gentleman from
Maryland ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I leave the matter
to the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the gentleman
yielding any further.
Mr. KUNKEL. I think the objection comes
too late.
Mr. COX. I think so, too.
Mr. KUNKEL. I was upon the floor, ad-
dressing the House by the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from New York.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the gentleman fiom Maryland, having
occupied the floor by general consent, and the
consent of the gentleman from New York, is now
entitled to the floor to speak for the remaining
time of the gentleman from New York, unless he
desires to reclaim it. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Maryland will, 1 hone, remember that I am
under obligation to renew the motion to lay the
resolution oil the table.
Mr. KUNKEL resumed the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from New Yoik will understand that
1 yielded him the floor merely to make a personal
explanation, and not that he might farm it out to
anybody lie pleased.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Massachusetts withdrew his motion to lay
the resolution on the table, and the Chair recog-
nized the gentleman from New York. The gen-
tleman from New York yielded to the gentleman
from Maryland, who is now speaking upon that
courtesy. The gentleman from New York will
be entitled to the floor whenever he thinks proper
to claim it.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman from
Maryland will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. HASKIN. I object to the gentleman from
Maryland speaking here and attacking Governor
