334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36tii Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United State.s.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act for the payment of ex-
penses incurred in the euppression of Indian
hostilities in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of four hundred thou-
sand dollars, or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary, be, and the same is hereby, appiopriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to defray the expenses incurred by
tne State of California, in the suppression of In-
dian hostilities therein, in the years eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, fifty-five, fifty-six, fifty-eight,
and fifty-nine, and the Secretary of the Treasury,
.vhen the said expenses of the State of California
shall have been audited and allowed, shall be, and
hereby is, authorized to pay the same in bonds of
the United States authorized to be issued by the
act of February the eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Third Auditor of the Treasury be, and he hereby
is, authorized and required to audit the accounts
of the said State of California for payments for
the services of volunteers, and for supplies, trans-
portation,and personal services, furnished or ren-
dered to said volunteers in the Shasta expedition
of eighteen hundred and fifty-four, in the Siski-
you expedition of eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
in the Klamath and Humboldt expedition of eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, in the San Bernardino
expedition of eighteen hundred and fifty-five, in
the Klamath expedition of eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, in the Modoc expedition of eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, in the Tulare expedition
of eighteen hundred and fifty-six, in the Klamath
and Humboldt expedition of eighteen hundred
fifty-eight and fifty-nine, and in the Pitt River
expedition of eighteen hundred and fifty-nine:
Provided, That no higher rate shall be allowed or
paid for the services of said volunteers than was
paid for services in the same grade and for the
same time in the United States Army serving in
California, nor shall payment be mtxde for the
services of any such volunteers except for the
time during which they shall be shown by satis-
factory evidence to have been engaged in actual
service in the field: And provided farther, That
no allowance shall be made for the services of
any person in more than one capacity for the
same time. And m auditing the said claims for
supplies, transportation, and personal services,
the same shall bo computed at prices correspond-
ing, as near as can be ascertained, to the rates
paid for similar supplies and transportation fur-
nished or rendered to the United States Army in
the same country at the same time; and the Third
Auditor,as to all principles not expressly settled
by this act, shall be governed in auditing and set-
tling said claims by the piinciples adopted in his
report upon the claims of the Territories of Wash-
ington and Oregon, of the seventh of February,
eighteen hundred and sixty, made in pursuance
of a resolution of the House of Representatives,
passed the eighth of February, eighteen bundled
and fifty-nine: Provided, That he be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed, whenever in
his opinion the evidence in support of any claim
for services, supplies, and transportation, is not
sufficient to establish such claim, or where he
may have doubts as to the genuineness thereof, to
require additional and satisfactory proof touching
such claim, or the value of the services rendered
or the supplies furnished, before reporting such
claim for settlement and payment as herein di-
rected: And provided further, That no payment
shall be made for the expenses uf any expedition
hereinbefore mentioned, if the Secretary of War
shall be of opinion that there was not a necessity
for calling out said troops: Provided, That the
acceptance of the indemnity hereby provided shall
opera to as a final and complete discharge and
satisfaction of all claims or matters hereinbefore
referred to.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Ciiap.LXXII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the support of the Army for the yeai end-
ing thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of
recruits, three months'extra pay to non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates on rren-
listment, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the pay of the Army, three million six
hundred and four thousand six hundred and for-
ty-eight dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, one
million twelve thousand four hundred and fifty
dollars and fifty cents
For commutation of forage for officers'horses,
one hundred and twenty-five thousand nine hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, fifty thousand dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, forty thousand three hundred and sev-
enty dollars.
For subsistence in kind, two million one hun-
dred and twenty-one thousand nine hundred and
sixty-four dollars.
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
equipage, six hundred and sixty thousand six-
teen dollars and twenty-one cents.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers,
enlisted men, guard, hospital, storehouses, and
offices; offorageinkind for the horses, mules, and
oxen of the quartermaster's department at the
several posts and stations, and with the armies
in the field; for the horses of the two regiments
of dragoons, two regiments of cavalry, the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, the companies of light
artillery, and such companies ofinfantry as may
be mounted, and for the authorized number of
officers' horses when serving in the field and at
the outposts, including bedding for the animals;
of straw for soldiers' bedding, and stationery,
including blank-books for the quartermaster's
department, certificates for discharged soldiers,
blank forms for the pay and quartermaster's de-
partment; and for the printing of division and
department orders and reports, one million seven
hundred and one thousand dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of postage on letters
and packets received and sent by officers of the
Army on public service; expenses of courts-mar-
tial and courts of inquiry, including the addi-
tional compensation of judge-advocates, recorders,
members, and witnesses, while on that service,
under the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and two; extra pay to soldiers employed,
under the direction of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, in the erection of barracks, quarters, store-
houses, and hospitals; in the construction of roads
and other constant labor, for periods of not less
than ten days, under the acts of March second,
eighteen hundred and nineteen, and August fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, inHuding those
employed as clerks at division and department
headquarters; expenses of expresses to and from
the frontier posts and armies in the field; of escorts
to paymasters and other disbursing officers, and
to trains where military escorts cannot be furn-
ished; expense of the interment of officers killed
m action, or who die when on duty in the field,
or at the posts on the frontiers, or at other posts
and places when ordered by the Secretary of War;
and of non-commissioned officers and soldiers;
authorized office furniture; hire of laborers in the
quartermaster's department, including thehireof
interpreters and guides for the Army; compensa-
tion of clerks to officers of the quartermaster's
department; compensation of forage and wagon
masters, authorized by the act of July fifth, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-eight; for the apprehen-
sion of deserters, and the expenses incident to
their pursuit; and for the following expenditures
required for the two regiments of dragoons, the
two regiments of cavalry, the regiment of mounted
riflemen, and such companies of infantry as may
be mounted, viz: the purchase of traveling forges,
blacksmiths' and shoring tools, horse and mule
shoes and nails, non and steel for shoeing, hire
of veterinary surgeons, medicines for horses and
mules, picket ropes, and for shoeing the horses
of the corps named, four hundred and sixty thou-
sand dollars.
For hire or commutation of quarters for officers
on military duty; hire of quarters for troops; of
storehouses for the safe-keeping of military stores;
of grounds for summer cantonments and for tem-
porary frontier stations, making one hundred and
nineteen thousand three hundred and fifty-one
dollars and eighty-eight cents.
To pay the amount of a judgment recovered by
John James against Captains A. T. Lee and T.
Gr. Pitcher, First Lieutenant Thomas M. Jones,
and Lieutenant Colonel W. Seawell,for damages
for timber cut upon the land of said James for
Fort Davis,one thousand dollars, and such further
sum as may be necessary to pay the costs of the
suit in which said judgment was rendered.
For hutting troops, and for repairing, altering,
and enlarging buildings at the established posts,
two hundred and thirty-six thousand seven hun-
dred and sixty-five dollars and eighty-one cents.
For the construction of barracks and. other build-
ings, ninety-five thousand three hundred and
eighty-four dollars and twenty-seven cents.
For the purchase ofheatingand cooking stoves,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For the purchase of clocks for permanent posts,
five hundred and sixty dollars.
For mileage, or the allowance made to officers
of the Army for the transportation of themselves
and their baggage, when traveling on duty with-
out troops, escorts, or supplies, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the transportation of the Army, including
the baggage of the troops when moving either by
land or water; of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage fiom the depot at Philadelphia to the
several posts and Aimy depots, and from those
depots to the troops in the field; of hoise equip-
ments, and subsistence fiom the places of pur-
chase and from the places of delivery under con-
tract, to such places as the circumstances of the
service may lequire them to be sent; of ordnance,
ordnance stores, and small-arms from the found-
erics and armories to the arsenals, fortifications,
frontier posts, and Army depots.; freights, wharf-
age, tolls and ferriages; for the purchase and hire
of horses, mules, and oxen, and the purchase and
repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships
and other sea-going vessels and boats required for
tlu transportation of supplies and for garrison
purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several
posts; hire of teamsters; transportation of funds
for the pay and other disbursing departments;
the expense of sailing public transports on the
various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the At-
lantic and Pacific; and for procuring water at such
posts as, from their situation, require it to be
brought from a distance; and for clearing roads,
and removing obstiuctions from roads, harbors,
and riveis, to the extent which may be required
for the actual operations of the troops on the fron-
tier, two million two hundred and thirty-two
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of horses for the two regi-
ments of dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry,
and the regiment of mounted riflemen, one hun-
dred and thirty-six thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital departments, one
hundred and fifteen thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department at department headquarters,
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerk and messenger
in the office of the Commanding General, two
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
Commanding General, three hundred dollars.
For armament of fortifications, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments for the mounted regi-
ments, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armoiies, three hundred and sixty thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
