918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
on accountof an injury received while in the dis-
charge of his duty; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims. _ .
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all
the laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of one
hundred legal voters of Chicago, Illinois, ex-
pressing their attachment to the Constitution and
laws, and their opposition to compromises, and
asking Congress to adopt such measures as may
be necessary to preserve the public property,
maintain the honor of the flag, and the integrity
of the Union; which was ordered to lie on the
table. ■
Mr. RICE. I have a memorial similar to the
one that X presented yesterday, praying that the
present difficulties may be adjusted upon the plan
submitted by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] or some similar plan.
I will state to the Senate that this memorial is
somewhatsignificant. It is signed by Rev. Thomas
L. Grace, bishop of St. Paul, a man well known
not only in Minnesota, but m other parts of the
country, and highly esteemed for his intelligence
and piety. It is also signed by the vicar general,
and by the priests of the Catholic church, and by
some two hundred voters of the city of St. Paul,
all prominent and highly respectable citizens. I
ask that the memorial lie on the table.
■ It was so ordered.
REPORTS EROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Alexander
Wilson, praying remuneration for expenses in-
curred, and compensation for his services, while
United States attorney for the Territory of Utah,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of B. F. Rittenhouse, a
clerk in the office of the Register of the Treasury,
praying compensation for extra services, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM COWING.
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 623) for
the relief of William Cowing, have instructed me
to report it back, with a recommendation that
it pass; and also, to ask that the bill be put 011
its passage now. 1 will state that it passed the
committee unanimously. It is a little claim for
$126, for some meritorious extra services that
were performed in one of the Departments, which
ought to be allowed. It has passed the other
House, and I hope it will pass the Senate at
once.
There being no objection, the bill (II. R. No.
G23) for the relief of William Cowing was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses lo direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to William Cowing $126, m full for additional
allowance as clerk, under the provisions of the
second section of the " Act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment," approved August 31,1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. THOMSON. I ask to be excused from
further service upon the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. What is that for ?
Mr. THOMSON. I am tired of it.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 459 for consideration. It is a pri-
vate bill.
Mr. LANE. I shall not object to taking it up.
I only ask the Senator to allow me to introduce a
resolution for reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state now that the order of business must be main-
tained. If the Senator from Iowa gives way he
may not obtain the floor again.
Mr. LANE. I would not take the floor from
him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. We fall into inex-
tricable confusion by one Senator getting the floor
and handing it around to other Senators for spe-
cial purposes. By general consent, the resolution
of the Senator from Oregon will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows: (
Resolved, That ttie Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the necessity and expediency ot ad-
ditional appropriations for tlie flscal year ending June 30,
18(51, to cdrry into effect existing treaty stipulations, to pro-
vide for contingencies which have arisen since the passage
of the usual appropriation bills, and to maintain the peace
of the Indian country, m tlie State of Oregon and the 1 er-
ntory of Washington ; and to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
THOMAS J. PAGE.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 now move to take up the bill
(S.No. 459) for the relief of Commander Thomas
J. Page, United States Navy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I thought re-
ports were in order.
Mr. GRIMES. This will take buta moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and re-
ports are in order; but the motion of the Senator
from Iowa is in order.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
459) for the relief of Commander J. Page, United
States Navy, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to allow to Com-
mander Thomas J. Page, in the adjustment of his
accounts as purser of the United States steamer
WaterWitch, credit for certain suspended items,
not to exceed $354 4G.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MRS. E. A. LINN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate have had under consideration a
resolution introduced by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] relative to the order of
the Senate directing the payment of certain money
to Mrs. E. A. Linn, and have instructed me to
make a report, which I hope will be read. It is
a very short one.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee to Audit and Control tlie Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, to which was lefcrred a lesolu-
tion of the Benate of 2d February, 1861, as follows-
" Resolved, That the reasons assigned by the Secretary
of the Senate for his neglect to obey the order of the Sen-
ate made on the of March last in favoi uf Mi.-. E. A.
Lmn are limiliicient and nn-atislactnij ; and that he be
instructed forthwith to execute tlie same," rcpoit:
That the committee, alter careful examination of the sub-
ject, is ol the opinion that the reuso®, given by the Secre-
taiy nf tlie Semite, m his letter of tlie 39th January, 1861.
for not making the payment directed by the resolution of
the Senate, aie sufficient and satisfactory; hut that the
Senate having passed the said order, tlie chairman of the
committee be dnected to ask for an appiopnation to enable
the Sccietary of the Senate to make the payment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The commit-
tee have instructed me to offer, in the first appro-
priation bill thatcomesup, an amendment appro-
priating the amount necessary to fulfill the order
of the Senate. There is no money out of which
it can be paid, and the chairman is authorized by
the committee to propose an amendment to the
first appropriation bill that comes up, appropriat-
ing the amount.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a word:
and I desire the ear of the Sefiator from Tennes-
see. The former order was indefinite as to the
amount to be paid. If it be, as the Senate un-
doubtedly intended it should be, the amount of
constructive mileage due to Senator Linn, then it
amounts, according to the Secretary's estimate,
to but twenty-six hundred anil odd dollars. I
propose, therefore, that, instead of what the Sen-
ator proposes, the Senate make an order to pay
to Mrs. Linn |2,600.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There must be a law
for it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I was going to add, that
there are on our records instances on instances of
such payments being directed out of the contin-
gent fund. The contingent fund has been applied
to such purposes over and over again. An appro-
priation by lav/ is not necessary. Money is ap-
propriated to our use as a contingent fund. We
have a right to dispose of it as such, and we have
done so in numerous cases. I merely intended
to make this suggestion to the Senator from Ten-
nessee; and if there were an order of the Senate
to pay a specific sum, I think perhaps the Secre-
tary would pay it without question, as there are
many precedents for such payments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The commit-
tee, on an examination of the law, did not con-
sider that the Secretary was authorized to pay it
out of the contingent fund. Therefore, they sus-
tain him in his report giving the reasons for not
paying it; but they also authorized the chairman
to propose an amendment to an appropriation
bill, so as to authorire the Secretary to pay the
amount, which will be done on the iirst appro-
priation bill that comes up.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to take up House bill
No. 299. It is a bill that I obtained the floor once
to take up, and gave way for the presentation of
memorials. I will state that I do not wish to put
it on its passage now, but to fix a day for its con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to take up House bill No. 299,
for the payment of expenses incurred in thejsup-
pression of Indian hostilities in the State of Cal-
ifornia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to set it down for
next Tuesday, at one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. I will say to my colleague that
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
asked, yesterday, that that day should be set apart
for him. He has been postponed five or six times.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I move to make it the
special order for Wednesday next, atone o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 655) for the relief
of Prentis Champlain; in which the concurrence
oftne-Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 551) for
the relief of Hockaday & Ligget.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The message further announced that the House
insists upon its disagieement to the amendment
of the Senate to bill (H. R. No. 864) making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1862, insisted on by the Senate, and
upon its amendment to the seventh amendment
of the Senate to the said bill, disagreed to by the
Senate; agrees to the conference asked by the Sen-
ate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon; and has appointed Mr. Thomas Corwim
of Ohio, Mr. John S. Millson of Virginia, and
Mr. E. Jov Morris of Pennsylvania, managers
the same on the part of the House.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., BILL.
The message further announced thatthe House
insists upon its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 892) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862, insisted on by the
Senate; agrees to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon; and lias appointed Mr. John Sherman
of Ohio, Mr. Thaddecs Stevens of Pennsylva-
nia, and Mr. John C. Burcii of California, man-
agers at the same on the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 547) for the relief of the parish
of St. Matthew's church, of the city of Washing-
ton; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) directingtho
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of the late Robert Stockton, quarter-
master, &c.
PRINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced thatthe House
had ordered, on the 14th instant,at twelve o'clock
and eleven minutes, the printing of a letter from
