336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Minnesota,so thatit will expire Juno the thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and that the said
service be semi-weekly for the same period: Pro-
vided, The increase of pay shall not exceed the
pro rata amount now paul.
Sec. 9. And be it farther enacted, That in lieu
of the daily service on the central route, provided
by the act entitled " An act for the establishment
of post routes," approved February twenty-sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, the Post-
master General is hereby directed to discontinue
the mail service on route number twelve thousand
five hundred and seventy-eight, from Saint-Louis
and Memphis to San Francisco, California, and
to modify the contract on said route, subject to
the same terms and conditionsonly as hereinafter
provided, said discontinuance to take effect on or
before July one, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
The contractors on said route shall be required to
transport the entire letter mail six times a week
on the central route, said letter mail to be carried
through in twenty days'time, eight months in the
year, and m twenty-three days the remaining four
months of the year, from some point on the Mis-
souri river, connected with the East, to Placer-
ville, California, and also to deliver the entire
mails tri-weekly to Denver City, and Great Salt
Lake City; said contractors shall also be required
to carry the residue of ail the mail matter in a
period not exceeding thirty-five days, with the
puvilege of sending the latter semi-monthly from
New York to San Francisco in twenty-five days
by sea, and the public documents in thirty-five
days. They shall also be required, during the
continuance of their contract, or untH the com-
pletion of the overland telegraph, to run a pony
express semi-weekly, at a schedule time of ten
days eight months, and twelve days four months,
carrying for the Government, free of charge, five
pounds of mail matter, with the liberty of charg-
ing the public for transnortation of letters by said
express not exceeding 01 2 dollar per half ounce.
For the above service said contractors shall re-
ceive the sum of one million dollars per annum;
the contract for such service to be thus modified
before the twenty-fifth day of March next, and
expire July one, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four.
Sec. 10. 4.hid be it further enacted, That the
contractors on route twelve thousand five hun-
dred and seventy-eight, shall be entitled to their
present mail pay during the necessary time re-
quired to changc their stock from their present
route to the central route without performing the
service, and shall be entitled also to two months'
pay on their present contract as liquidated dam-
ages for such change of service, if made by them
in accordance with the terms of the preceding
section.
Sec. 11. Andbe it further enacted^ That,should
the contmctors on the route twelve thousand five
hundred and seventy-eight fail to accept the above
modification of their present contract on or before
the twenty-fifth day of March, as before stated,
then the rostmaster General is directed to annul
said contract, and advertise for thirty days for
carrying the mail in the manner herein provided;
the service to commence July one, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, or as soon thereafter as pos-
sible, and to expire July one, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, and to let the same to the lowest
responsible bidder, having due regard to their
ability to perform the service; and the sum of
one million of dollars is hereby appropriated,out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to carry into execution the provisions
of so much of this act as provides for the estab-
lishment of a daily mail on the central route:
Provided, nevertheless, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral or Congress shall have power, from time to
time, as the same may be deemed necessary, to
alter or modify the contract hereby authorized,
or to put an end to the same entirely, should the
public interest demand a discontinuance of the
service. But in cither case the contractors shall
be entitled to receive all such lersonabh- damages
8s they may sustain because of any such altera-
tion or annulment of their contract.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
above provision shall not apply to a discontmu- 1
ance. of any routes or contracts connected with :
said route number twelve thousand five hundred I
and seventy-eight, and the Postmaster General is
authorized to replace any local service affected by
the discontinuance of said route, now performed
by the contractors on said route, by good and
sufficient mail service, to take effect upon such
discontinuance.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That &ny of
the provisions of of the act entitled " An act for
the establishment of post routes,99 approved the
twenty-seventh of February, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, before referred to, which conflict
with the provisions of this act, are hereby^re-
pealed.
Approved, March 2,1861.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of certain
Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed [to]
examine and report to Congress at its next ses-
sion, what amount, if any, is due to the Chip-
pewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians now
residing in the State of Michigan, under and by
virtue of the treaties of July twenty-nine, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-nine, (he twenty-sixth
of September, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
and the articles supplementary thereto of Septem-
ber twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and thirty-
three, with said Indians, and under the treaty of
the fifth and seventeenth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, with the Pottawatomie nation
of Indians; and the Secretary of the Interior is
furthermore hereby authorized and directed to
ascertain and report at the same time whether
[there is] any money or property heretofore pay-
able to said Pottawatomie nation under and by
virtue of the treaty of October twenty-six, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, or other treaties,
which has not been appropriated and paid; and,
if any, what amount.
Approved, March 2, 1863.
Chap. LXXV.—An Act declaring the value of
the new Silver Florin of Austria.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houle of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the new silver florin of Austria
shall, in ail computations at the custom-house, be
estimated at forty-six cents and nineteen-hun-
dredths of a cent.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXXVI.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply a Deficiency in the Appropriations
for the completion of the Geological Survey of
Oregon and Washington Territories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same, are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
wit:
First. For defraying the expenses of a geolo-
gical reconnoissance and explorations in Oregon
and Washington Territories, over and abovethe
appropriations of March three, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, and eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, as per accounts audited and adjusted, three
thousand five hundred and seventy-four dollars
and seventy cents.
Second. Forexpenses incurred in the analysis
of eighty-eight specimens, from different locali-
ties, of soils, coals, and Dres,and preparation of
the final reportforpubhcation, six thousand nine
hundred and eighty-four dollars and fifty cents.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXXYII.—An Act authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue a Register to
the Schooner Perseverance, of Ogdensburgh,
Stare of New York.
J)e it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, .That the Secretary of the Treasury be, i
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to issue ■
a register to the owner of the schooner Persevcr- ]
ance, of Ogdensburgh, m the State of New York, I
the said schooner or vessel having been built in
Canada; and said schooner or vessel shall here-
after be considered and deemed to be a schooner
or vessel of the United States, and entitled to all
the rights and privileges accorded by law to ships
or vessels built in the United States: Provided,
The Secretary shall be satisfied that the owner
of said schooner is a citizen of the United States,
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXXYIII.—An Act to provide for the
completion of the Military Roads from Fort
Union to Santa Fe, and from Taos to Santa
Fe, New Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the sum of thirty-five thousand
dollars be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the completion of the military road
ftom Fort Union to Santa Fe, New Mexico, and
for the completion of the military road from Taos
to Santa Fe, in New Mexico, fifteen thousand
dollars.
Approved, March 2,1861.
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act donating to the States
of Minnesotaand Oregon certain Lands reserved
by Congress for the Territories of Minnesota
and Oregon for university purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the lands reserved for the use of
a university in the Territories of Minnesota and
Oregon under section second of an act of Con-
gress passed February nineteenth, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-one, entitled " An act to
authorize the Legislative Assemblies of the Ter-
ritories of Oregon and Minnesota to take charge
of the school lands in said Territories, and for
other purposes," be hereby donated to the States
of Minnesota and Oregon for the use of said uni-
versity.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act to remove the United
States Arsenal from the City of Saint Louis,
and to provide for the sale of the Lands on
which the same is located.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ef Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to proceed at
once to have the grounds now used for the pur-
poses of an arsenal, in the city of St. LoiKs, laid
off into blacks, according to the present plan of
that portion of the city, and to have the same sub-
divided into lots of'a convenient size for building
purposes, and subject the western unoccupied
portion of the same to sale to the highest bidder,
at public vendue, on such terms as to him may
seem most advantageous, first giving sixty days'
notice by advertisement m at least three news-
papers, published in the city of Saint Louis, of
the time, place, and terms of sale, with adescrip-
tion of the property to be sold; the proceeds of
such sale to be applied to the erection at Jeffer-
son Barracks, in the State ofMissouri, of suitable
buildings for containing all the tools, implements,
machinery, arms, and materials now at said Saint
Louis arsenal.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted That the Sec-
retary of War be, and hereby is, authorized, as
soon as the buildings above provided for shall be
in readiness for that purpose, to cause the busi-
ness heretofore carried on at said Saint Louis
arsenal to be transferred to the military reserva-
tion known as Jefferson Rarracks, in the county
of Saint Louis, and State of Missouri j and also
to cause all the tools, implements, machinery,
arms, and materials now at said arsenal to be re-
moved to said reservation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, as soon
as possible after the removal of the arsenal ftom
Saint Louis to Jefferson Barracks, the Secrctcuy
of War shall sell, in the manner diicctcd in the
first section of tins act, all the residue of the
grounds attached to the said Saint Louis arsenal,
and the buildings thereupon. The proceeds of such
sale shall be paid into the United States Treasury.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
