920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
merit of carrying a mail overland to California.
T'oey did carry it from New Orleans to San Diego
■—I do not mean the water portion of the route; but
they carried it from San Antonio to San Diego.
Then the Postmaster General, after the Butterfield
route was adopted, cut them off from Fort Yuma
to El Paso, leaving a portion of their stock between
Fort Yuma and San Diego, and a portion of their
stock between El Paso and San Antonio, and cut-
ting them out of the intermediate portion. These
men had gone as pioneers; they had built then-
own stables, and they had paid for their stock at
their stables; they had employed at extravagant
prices men to carry tfre mail, and take the hazard
of being killed by Indians; they had undertaken
all this; they had been pioneers, and they had
carried that mail faithfully. They were obliged
•to pay for a guard. When their line was inter-
rupted,! say, because I know, they lost immensely
upon the stock which they had first between El
Paso and Fort Yuma; and afterwards they lost
immensely upon the stock they were obliged to
sell between Fort Yuma and San Diego. Then
they got nothing for all the stables they had built,
or the posts they had established.
Finally, Mr. Holt, who was a very economical
"Postmaster General—not caring two buttons what
the Government spent, only intent that it should
not beupon the Post Office; that was all beseemed
to have cared about—willing that the Government
migh t spend as much as it pleased, thousand s, hun-
dreds of thousands, and millions, provided it was
saddled upon the Treasury, so that he could make
a Post Office report showing that he had econo-
mized—chose to discontinue the route between
San Antonio and El Paso. That route between
San Antonio and El Paso was the only means of
supplyingseven military posts. He discontinued
that to semi-monthly; it was semi-weekly before.
Those seven military posts had no other means
of receiving communications from the Govern-
ment, except by incurring greater expenses, than
keeping up this line by sending special messen-
gers. General Twiggs under these circumstances
called upon these men to carry the mail still. The
citizens in that section of the country—not only
those living in Texas, aboutEl Paso, but all New
Mexico, for that was the only means by which
they could get their letters and papers—the citi-
zens of that section of the country generally called
them to continue carrying the mails, and the mails
were delivered by the postmaster, and they were
carried. Now, they want to lie paid for the actual
trips under the original contract with Postmaster
General Brown; not for carrying the mail to Fort
Yuma, not for carrying it to San Diego, but pro
rata according to their original con tract with Post-
master General Brown for carrying the mail from
El Paso to San Antonio. Now, one Senator pro-
poses that it shall not bo above $70,000 
Mr. HALE. That is by consent of the con-
tractors themselves.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator's statement is
sufficient that the contractors have agreed to take
it. I suppose, if they could not getanything else,
they would rather have an old suit of ejothes.
They have been kept here hammering at the doors
ofCongressforsomoconsiderable time past—ever
since 1 have been in the Senate, at least—and they
have never been able to get any compensation out
of the Post Office Department at all. The Post
Office Department was opposed to them; ?.l r. Holt
had determined to break up the line. General
Twiggs was determined it should not be broken
up. They chose to take the hazards and carry
it; and Mr. Holt determined that they should not
be paid. Finally, Congress is about to adjourn,
and they are waiting now to take anything they
can get. I suppose they would take §70,000; they
would take $60,000; they would take $50,000;
they would take §40,000; they would take$20,000;
they would take $10,000; they would take §5,000.
I do not see any justice in fixing it; but as they
have agreed to $70,000,1 am willing to fix that
limit; but I do not think the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, who admits that he does not know any-
thing about the facts, should insist upon this pro-
e.rustean rule of $40,000, when possibly they may
be entitled to $100,000. I am willing to take
$70,000, and say it shali not be more.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shali have the vote.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not admit that 1 knew
nothing about this case, for I rely much upon the
integrity and the intelligence of the Postmaster
General, with whom this contract was made, and
who refused to pay this money.
Mr. WIG FALL. The contract was made
with Postmaster General Brown, and Postmaster
General Holt refused to pay.
Mr. CAMERON. I meant Mr. Holt.
Mr. WIGFALL. We differ in our estimate
of him.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not rely much on
Governor Brown while he lived; but as he is dead
I shall say nothing about him. I think there were
a great many errors in his administration; and I
think the administration of the Post Office Depart-
ment under Mr. Holt was one of the ablest,
wisest, and most honest, in my recollection. He
did all he could to cut down the enormous expend-
itures of his predecessor, and showed that he
desired to administer that Department as it ought
to be administered—within its income.
The proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire to confine the allowance to $70,000,
with the consent of the applicants, is an argument
to my mind that they are willing to take anything
they can get. I look upon this as one of thoclaims
that are constantly upon us. They come here
asking several hundred thousand dollars; and the
Senator from New Hampshire, who says he un-
derstands the case—but I suppose he understands
it very little more than I do, or the Senator from
Texas—agrees to make it $70,000. I propose to
make it $40,000, and look upon it as a gratuity.
I am sure they have been paid all they ought to
have been paid under the contract, if Mr. Holt so
reported; and I believe he did.
It is always ungracious to talk against these
private claims; and I believe some of these gen-
tlemen belong to my own State; but I am satisfied
that if you commence by giving them what they
ask or anything like it, others will come on next
year, and we shall have millions to pay for the
misdeeds of Postmaster General Brown and the
department during his administration. To gratify
my friends, I will say no more.
.Mr. CLARK. 1 am opposed to this claim. I
am opposed not only to allowing these parties
$00,000, but I am opposed to allowing them
$40,000, or any sum, until they put their claim
and their proof in a diffeient position from what
I understand it to be now. The claim which these
gentlemen make, it seems to me, stands in the
outset, upon suspicious circumstances. I do not
know but that they may have a meritorious claim;
I do not say but they have; I do not know but
they are abused men. But the point that I make
is this: they came to Congress asking to be paid
for services performed, but they do not state what
those services were, so that we may know and pass
intelligently upon the amount we are to pay; and
there is not a Senator here, I think, from the in-
quiries that I have addressed to some of them,
that can tell mo the amount that is to be paid, un-
less it is limited to $40,000 or $60,000, and not to
go over that.
Mr. President, \vc have recently had some very
useful experience on that subject, in the way of 1
teaching Senators lessons. We passed here, I
think, at the last session, a bill for the relief of
Arthur Edwards & Co., to pay them for services
performed; and what was the result of it? We
had a veto of the President; we had to amend and
cut down the bill, and I think some gentlemen felt
a little ashamed of the part they had taken in that
measure. That was pay for actual service. Then
again, afterwards, we had a bill or resolution for
the relief of De Groot & Co. That did not ask
pay for actual service; but asked that the claim
might be settled on principles of justice and equity.
I remember that I took part in tliat discussion; and
I do not feel ashamed of the part I took in the
discussion, but I do feel very much ashamed of
the allowance that was made under it, and would
be glad to vote to repeal that to-day, and will give
my vote for its repeal the first opportunity I get.
I remember that the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Slidell] at that time moved to amend that reso-
lution so as to provide that the amount allowed
should not exceed $40,000. It had come from the
House of Representatives at the close of the ses-
sion; and the friends of the measure were anxious
that it should go through, and not go back again
to the House of Representatives, and we resisted
that proposition; it was defeated, and the bill
passed. I said in my place then, fioin the exam- j
mation of the bill I had made, that I did not be- |
lieve it would take $40,000; I did not understand
it to be so; and, to my surprise, I found that the
Department allowed him one hundred and eigh-
teen or one hundred and nineteen thousand dol-
lars. I examined that claim at two different ses-
sions. I do not believe half that amount was due
him; and I do not mean to be entrapped in that
way again, if I can help it.
Then, again, sir, wo have got another matter.
Here is the resolution in favor of George E.
Fisher. George E. Fisher made a claim upon
this Government, in the first instance, for about
sixteen thousand dollars. The Department, or
whoever had it in charge, allowed him about eight
thousand dollars. He then came to Congress
again, and they doubled it to $16,000. He pursued
the claim, and they doubled it agqjn to $32,000.
He still kept on, and they brought it to $66,000.
At the last session, my friend from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Simmons,] aman of the best intentions in the
world, introduced a resolution that that claim,
after they had got $66,000 arising out of $16,000,
should be settled on principlesofjustice and equity;
and referred it to the Department. They had got
$66,000; it went to the War Department, and
that Department allowed $66,000 more, making
it $132,000 altogether, on the principles of justice
and equity. [Sensation in the galleries.] The
House of Representatives have repealed that res-
olution this session; and it has been before your
committee, and they will report that it shall be
repealed here. I may have voted for it; but I
will give my vote in a moment to repeal it, and I
have made up my mind that I will never give a
vote hereafter for any bill that dons not state on
its face what is demanded of the Senate.
The Senator from Ohio cannot tell me what
these parties ask under this bill, or how much it
amounts to; nor can anybody that I have found.
Now, I am willing to examine these gentlemen's
claim. Let them propose it here; let them state
what they have done, and what they claim to be
paid for, and I will examine it; and if it is found to
be a just claim, I will vote to pay it, but I do not
want to vote these sums in the dark; I do not
want to vote even the $40,000 proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. Let us act intelli-
gently; let us know what we are doing, and not
be obliged to rescind and repeal the bills when we
have passed them, or have them vetoed because
wo did not understand what we were about. This
claim may be a just claim, for aught I know. 1
make this statement 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chairfeels called upon to arrest
discussion. The hour of one having arrived, the
special order must come up, being thetinfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I move to suspend the special
order, and take the vote on this joint resolution.
I believe we are about to take a vote. That is all
I ask, that there be a vote taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It i* moved
and seconded that the special order of the day,
which is the tariff bill, be postponed, in order that
discussion may proceed on the joint resolution
before tho Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senate will take, the
vote immediately, I will consent to let the special
order go by, without a motion.
Mr. KING. I will move to lay this claim on
the table.
Mr. CLARK. I will simply say that I am will-
ing to forbear any remarks I might have to make,
in order to enable the tariff bill to come up, or to
let the vote be taken on this at once, without any
further discussion, if the friends of the measure
desire it.
Mr. WIGFALL. I hope so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fiist mo-
tion is to postpone the special order of the day,
tor the purpose of continuing the discussion,
Mr. SIMMONS. I must object to a postpone-
ment; but let it go over informally, for the purpose
of taking a vote.
Mr. WADE. By common consent we can take
a vote on this matter now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion is
made by the Senator from New York to lay the
joint resolution on the table. That will come m
its order, after this is disposed of. The question
is now on postponing the special order.
Mr. SIMMONS. " I suppose if the motion to
lay on the table fails, you will not get a vote.
