1861.}
APPENDIX TO THE; CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
36hh Cong-. ... 2d Sess.
Chap. LXXXI—An Act to amend the provis-
ions of tiie fifty-sixth section of "An Act to reg-
ulate the collection of Duties on Imports and
Tonnage," approved the second day of March,
one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States cf America in Congress
assembled, That whenever any goods, wares, or
merchandise, shall be imported into any port of
the United States from any foreign port, m any
ship or vessel, at the expiration of eight working
days, if the ship or vessel shall be less than three
hundred tons burden,and within twelve working
days, if it be of three hundred tons burden and
less than eight hundred, and within fifteen days,
if it be of eight hundred tons burden and upwards,
after the time within which the report of tire mas-
tor or person having charge or command of any
ship or vessel is required to be made to the col-
lector of the district, if there shall be found any
goods, wares, or merchandise, other than shall
have been reported for some otherdistrict,pr some
foreign port or place, the collector shall take pos-
session thereof; but with the consent of the owner
or consignee of any goods, wares, or merchandise,
or with the consent of the owner or master of the
vessel in which the same maybe imported, the
said goods, wares, or merchandise may be taken
possession of by the collector, after one day's
notice to the collector of the district.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act legalizing certain En-
tries of Lands on Leavenworth island, in the
State of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That alt pieemption entries heretofore
made in good faith at the land office at Kickapoo,
in the Delaware land district, Kansas Territory,
of lands embraced within the island opposite Leav-
enworth City, known as Leavenworth Island, in
the State of Missouri, be, and the same are hereby,
declared valid, in the same manner as if made in
the proper land district of the State of Missouri:
Provided, Suclientries shall be found by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in all other respects, to be in
accordance with the preemption law.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act to organize the Ter-
ritory of Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all that part of the terntoiy of the
United States, included within the following lim-
its, to wit: beginning at the point of intersection
of the forty-second degree of north latitude with
the thirty-ninth degree of longitude west from
Washington; thence, running south on the line
of said thirty-ninth degreeof west longitude, until
it intersects the northern boundary line of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico; thence due west to the
dividing ridge separating the waters of Carson
Valley from those that flow into the Pacific; thence
oil said dividing ndge northwardly to the forty-
first degree of north latitude; thence due north to
the southern boundary line of the State of Oregon;
thence due east to the place of beginning, be, and
the same is hereby, erected into a temporary gov-
ernment by the name of the Territory ofNevada:
Provided, That so much of tile territory within
the present limits of the State of California shall not
be included within the Territory until the State of
California shall assent to the same by an acUrrev-
ocable without the consent of the United States:
Provided further, That notiungin this actcontained
shall be construed to impair the rights of person or
property nowpertaining to the Indians m saidTer-
l'itory, so longas such rights shall remain unextin-
guished by treaty between the United States and
such Indians, or to include any territory which, by
treaty with any Indian tribe, is not,without the con-
sent of said tribe, to be included within the territo-
rial limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory;
but all such territory shall be excepted out of the
boundaries and constitute no part ot the Territory
ofNevada, until said tribe shall signify their as-
sent to the President of the United States to be
included within the said Territory, or to affect the
authority of the Government of the United States
New Series—No. 22.
to make any regulations respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty,
law, or otherwise, which it would have been com-
petent for the Government to make if this acthad
never passed: Provided further. That nothing in
this act contained shall be construed to inhibit the
Government of the United States from dividing
said Territory into two or more Territories, in
such manner and at such times as Congress shall
deem convenient and proper, or from attaching
any portion thereof to any other Territory orState.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said Ter-
ritory of Nevada shall be vested in a governor,
who shall hold his office for four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States. The governor shall reside within
said Territory, shall be commander-m-chief of
the militia thereof, shall perform the duties and
receive the emoluments of superintendent of In-
dian affairs, and shall approve all laws passed by
the Legislative Assembly before they shall take
effect; he may grant pardons for offenses against
the laws of said Territory, and reprieves for of-
fenses against the laws of the United States until
the decision of the President can be made known
thereon; he shall commission all officers who shall
be appointed to office under the laws of said Ter-
ritory, and shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold ltis office for four years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
UnitedStates; he shall recoid and preserve all the
laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and pro-
ceedings of the governor, 111 his executive depart-
ment; he shall transmit one copy of the laws and
one copy of the executive proceedings, 011 or be-
fore the first day of December, in each year, to the
President of the United States, and at the same
time two copies of the laws to the Spcakci of the
House of Re pi esentatives and tin Prt sident of the
Senate, for the use of Congress; and in case of the
death, removal, or resignation,or other necessary
absence of the governor from the Terntoiy, the
secretary shall have, and he is hereby authorized
and required, to execute and perform ail the powers
and duties of the governor during such vacancy
or necessary absence, or until another governor
shall be duly appointed to fill^such vacancy.
Sec. 4. And be it further'enacted, That the
legislative power and authority of said Territory
shall be vested in the governor and a Legislative
Assembly. The Legislative Assembly shall con-
sist of a council and house of representatives.
The council shall consist of nine members, which
may be increased to thirteen, having the qualifi-
cations of voters as hereinafter prescribed, whose
term of service shall continue two years. The
house of representatives shall consist of thirteen
members, which may be increased to twenty-six,
possessing the same qualifications as prescribed
for members of the council, and whose term of
service shall continue one year. An appointment
shall be made, as nearly equal as practicable,
amongthe several countiesordistricts for the elec-
tion of the council and house of representatives,
giving to each section of the lerntory represent-
ation in the ratio of its population (Indians ex-
cepted) as nearly as may be; and the members of
the council and of the house of representatives
shall reside m, and be inhabitants of, the district
for which they may be elected, lespectively.
Previous to the first election, the governor shall
cause a census or enumeration of the inhabitants
of the several comities and districts of the Terri-
tory to be taken; and the first election shall be
held at such time and places, and be conducted in
•such mannei, as the governor shall appoint and
direct: and he shall, at thesame time, declare the
number of the members of the council and house
of representatives to wlneh each of the counties
or districts shall be entitled under this act. The
number of persons authorized to be elected having
the highest number of votes in each of said coun-
cil districts for members of the council shall be
declared by the governor to be duly elected to
the council; and the person or persons author-
ized to be clecteilhaving the greatest number of
votes for the house of, representatives, equal to
the number to which each county ol' district shall
be entitled, shall be declared by. the governor, to
be elected members of the house of representa-
tives: Provided, That in case of a tie -between
two or more persons voted for, the governor shall
order a new election to supply the vacancy riiade
by such tie. And the persons thus elected to the
Legislative Assembly shall meet at such place
and on such day as 'the governor shall appoint;
but thereafter, the time, place, and. manner of
holding and conducting all elections by.tho peo-
ple, and the apportioning the representations, in
the several counties or districts to the council
and house of representatives, according to the
population, shall be prescribed by law, as well as
the day of the commencement of the regular ses-
sions of the Legislative Assembly: Provided,
That no one session shall exceed the term of forty
days, except the first, which may be extended to'
sixty days, but no longer.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant of the United States
above the age of twenty-one years, who shall have
been a resident of said Territory at the time of the
passage of this act, shall be entitled to vote at the
first election, and shall be eligible to any office
within the said Territory; but the qualifications
of voters and of holding office at all subsequent
elections shall be such as shall be prescribed by the
Legislative Assembly: Provided, That the right of
suffrage and of holding office shall be exercised
only by citizens of the United States and those
who shall have declared on oath their intention
to become such, and shall have taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the le-
gislative power of the Territory shall extend to
all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with
the Const! tution of the United States and. the pro-
visions of this act; but no law shall be passed
interfering with the primary disposal of the soil;
no lax shall be imposed upon the property of the
United States; nor shall the lands or other prop-
erty of noil-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents; nor shall any
law be passed impairing the rights of private prop-
erty; nor shall any discrimination be made it) tax-
ing different kinds of property; but all property
subject to taxation shall be in proportion to the
value of the property taxed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all town-
ship, district, and county officers, not herein oth-
erwise provided for, shall be appointed or elected,
as the case may be, in such manner as shall be
provided by the governo'r and Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory. The governor stjall .
nominate and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the legislative council, appoint all officers
not herein otherwise provided for; and, in the
first instance, the governor alone may appoint all
said officers, who shall hold their offices until the
end of the first session of the Legislative Assem-
bly, and shall lay off the necessary districts for
membeis of the council and house of representa-
tives, and all other officers.
Sec . 8. And be it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hold or be
appointed to any office which shall have been cre-
ated, or the salary or emoluments of which shall
have been increased while he was a member, dur-
ing the term for which he was elected, and for,
one year after the expiration of such term; and
no person holding a commission or appointment
under the United States, except postmasters, shall
bo a member of the Legislative Assemby, or shall
hold any office under the government of said Ter-
ritory-
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the judi-
cial power of said Territory shall be vested in a
supreme court, district courts, probate courts, and
in justices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate jus-
tices, any two of whom shall constitute a quorum,
and who shall hold a term at the seat of govern-
ment of said Territory annually, and they shall
hold their offices during the period of four years.
The said Territory shall be divided into three
judicial districts, and a district court shall be held_
111 each of said districts by one of the justices of
the supreme court, at such time and place as may
be proscribed by law; and the said judges shall,
