:«8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_i  
[March 2,
uGth Coxa....2d
Laws of the United States.
after their appointments, respectively, reside in
the districts which shall ho assigned them. The
jurisdiction of the several courts herein provided
'for, both appellate and original, and that of the
probate courts and of the justices of the peace,
shall boaslimbed by law: Provided, That justices
of the pcace shall not have jurisdiction of any
matter in controversy when the title of boundaries
of land may be in dispute, or where the debt or
sum claimed shall exceed one hundred dollars;
and the said supreme and district courts, respect-
ively , shall possess chancery as well as common-
Saw jurisdiction, and authority for redress of all
wrongs committed against the Constitution or laws
of the United States, or of*the Territory, affecting
persons or property. Each district court, or the
judge thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who shall
also be the register in chancery, and shall keep
his office at the place where the court may be held.
Writs of error, bills of exception, and appeals,
shall be allowed in all cases from the final decis-
ions of said district courts to the supreme court,
under such regulations as may be prescribed by
law, but in no case removed to the supreme court,
shall trial by jury be allowed in said court. The
supreme court, or the justices thereof, shall ap-
point its own clerk, and every clerk shall hold his
office at the pleasure of the court for which he
shall have been appointed. Writs of error and
appeals from the final decisions of said supreme
court, shall be allowed, and may be taken to the
Supremo Court of the United States, in the same
manner and under the same regulations as from
the circuit courts of the United States, where the
value of the property, or the amount in contro-
versy, to be ascertained by the oath or affirma-
tion of cither party, or other competent witness,
shall exceed one thousand dollars; and each of the
said district courts shall have and exercise the
same jurisdiction in all cases arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States as is
vested in the circuitand district courts of theUm-
ted States; and the said supreme and district courts
of the said. Territory, and the respective judges
thereof, shall and may grant writs of habeas cor pus
in all cases in which the same are grantable by
the judge.s of the United States in the District of
Columbia; and the first six days of every term of
said courts, or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary, shall be appropriated to the trial of causes
arising under the said Constitution and laws; and
writs of error and appeals in all such cases shall
be made to the supreme court of said Territory
the same as in other cases. The said clerk shall
receive, in all such cases, the same fees which the
clerks of the district courts of Utah Territory now
receive for similar services.
Sec. 10. And be it furlher enacted, That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for four years, unless
sooner removed by the President, and who shall
receive the same fees and salary as the attorney
of tltc United States for the present Territory of
Utah. There shall also be a marshal for the Ter-
ritory appointed, who shall hold his office for four
years, unless sooner removed by the President,
and who shall execute all processes issuing from
the said courts when exercising their jurisdiction
as circuitand district courts of the United States;
he shall perform the duties, be subject to the same
regulations and penalties, and be entitled to the
same fees as the marshal of the district court of
ihc United States for the present. Territory of
Utah, and shall, in addition, be paid two hundred
dollars annually as a compensation for extra ser-
vices.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That the
governor, secretary, chief justice and associate
justices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nomin-
ated and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, appointed by the President of the
United States. The governor and secretary to
be appointed as aforesaid shall, before they act
as such, respectively take an oath or affirmation
before the district judge, or some justice of the
peace in the limits of said Territory duly author-
ized to administer oaths and affirmations by the
laws now in force therein, or before the Chief
Justice or some associate justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and faithfully to
discharge the duties of their respective offices;
which said oaths, when so taken, shall be certified
by the person by whom the same slull have been
taken, and such certificates shall be received and
recorded by the secretary among the executive
proceedings; and the chief justice and associate
justices, and all other civil officers in said Terri-
tory, before they act as such, shall take a like
oath, or affirmation before the said governor or
secretary, or some judge or justice of the peace
of the Territory who may be duly commissioned
and qualified, which said oath or affirmation shall
be certified and transmitted by the person taking
the same to the secretary, to be by him recorded
as aforesaid; and afterwards the like oath or af-
firmation shall be taken, certified, and recorded
in such manner and form as may be prescribed
by law. The governor shall receive an annual
salary of fifteen hundred dollars as governoi, and
one thousand dollars as superintendent of Indian
attains; the chief justice and associate justices
shall each receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; the secretary shall receive an
annual salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
said salaries shall be paid quarter-yearly at the j
Treasury of the United States. The members
of the Legislative Assembly shall be entitled to
receive three dollars each per day during their
attendance at the session thereof, and three dol-
lars for every twenty miles' travel in going to and
returning from the said sessions, estimated ac-
cording to the nearest usually traveled route.
There shall be appropiiated annually the sum of
one thousand dollars, to be expended by the gov-
ernor to defray the contingent expenses of the
Territory. There shall also be appropriated an-
nually a sufficient sum, to be expended by the
secretary of the Territory, and upon an estimate
to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, to defray the expenses ot the
Legislative Assembly, the printing of the laws,
and other incidental expenses; and the secretary
of the Territory shall annually account to the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States for
the manner m which the aforesaid sum shall have
been expended.
Sec. 12. 'And be it further enacted, That the
Legislative Assembly of the Tei ntory of Nevada
shall hold its first session at such time and place
in said Territory as the governor thereof shall
appoint and direct; and at said first session, or as
soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, the
governor and Legislative Assembly shall proceed
to locate and establish the seat of government for
said Territory at such place as they may deem
eligible; which place, however, shall thereafter be
subject to be changed by the said governor and
Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 13. Jind be it further enacted, That a dele-
gate to the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, to serve during each Congress of the
United States, may be elected by the voters quali-
fied to clectmembersof the Legislative Assembly,
who shall be entitled to the same rights and priv-
ileges as are exercised and enjoyed by the Dele-
gates from the several other Territories of the
United States to the said House of Representa-
tives. The fust election shall be held at such time
and places, and be conducted in such manner as
the governor shall appoint and direct; <ind at all
subsequent elections, the times, places, and man-
ner of holding elections shall be prescribed by
law. The person having the greatest number of
votes shall be declared by the governor to be duly
elected, and a certificate thereof shall be given
accordingly.
Sec. 14. Jind be it farther enacted, That when
the land in said Territory shall be surveyed, under
the direction of the Government of the United
States, preparatory to bringing the same into
market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six
in each township in said Territory shall be, and
the same is hereby, reserved for the purpose of
being applied to schools in the States hereafter to
be erected out of the same.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That tempo-
rarily, and until otherwise provided by law, the
governor of said Territory may define the judi-
cial districts of said Territory and assign the
judges who may be appointed for said Territory
to the several districts, and also appoint the times
and places for holding courts in the several coun-
ties or subdivisions m each of said judicial dis-
tricts, by proclamation to be issed by him; but
the Legislative Assembly, at their first or any
subsequent session, may organize, alter, or mod-
ify such judicial districts, and assign the judges,
andaltcr the times and places of holding the courts,
as to them shall soem proper and convenient.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the
Constitution and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable shall have the
same force and effect within the said Territory of
Nevada as elsewhere within the United States.
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That the
President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized toappointasurveyoi gen-
eral for Nevada, who shall locate his office at such
place as the Secretary of the Interior shall from
time to tim<i direct, and whose duties, powers,
obligations, responsibilities, compensation ♦and
allowances for clerk hiio, office rent, fuel, and in-
cidental expenses, shall be the same as those of
tire surveyor general of New Mexico, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior and such
instructions as he mayfiom time to time deem
it advisable to give him.
Approved, March 2, 1861
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for sundry Civil Expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United State,s ofAmencain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the objects
hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending
the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, viz:
* survey of the coast.
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and
Gulf coast of the United States, (including com-
pensation of civilians engaged in th'e work, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of the
Army and Navy, and petty officers and men of
the Navy employed on the work,) two hundred
and thirty thousand dolluis.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work, one hundred and
ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, (including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and
emoluments of officers of the Army and Navy,
and petty officers and men of the Navy employed
on the work,) twenty-five thousand dollars.
For completing the line to connect the triangu-
lation on the Atlantic coast with that on the Gulf
of Mexico, across the Florida peninsula, includ-
ing compensation of civilians engaged in the work,
five thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the survey of the coast of the United
States, including compensation of civilians en-
gaged in the work, five thousand dollars.
For repairs of steamers and sailing schooners
used in the coast survey, ten thousand dollars.
For fuel and quarters, and for mileage or trans-
portation for officers and enlisted soldiers of the
Army serving in the coast survey, in cases no
longerprovided for by the quartermaster's depart-
ment, five thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for seven
steamers used in the hydrography of the coast
survey, no longer supplied by the Navy Depart-
ment, twelve thousand eight hundred dollars.
To supply deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disa'bled seamen, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For the discharge of such miscellaneous claims,
not otherwise provided for, as shall be admitted
in due course of settlement at the Treasury, five
thousand dollars.
light-house establishment.
For the Atlantic, Lake, and Gulf coasts, viz.:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, glass chimneys, wicks, chamois
skins, polishing powder, whiting, and other rlean-
ing materials, transportation, and other necessary
expenses of the same, repairing and keeping in
