922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Now, what was that order ? I have the report
of the committee before mo, and it appears that
that order, upon the new arrangement then made
by Mr, Brown with these persons, was to this
effect:
" This new contract was made by the order of Postmas-
ter General Brown, dated 23d of October, 1858, whereby
the seivice was discontinued from El Paso to Fort Yuma,
but was increased to a weekly service from Fort Yuma to
San Diego, and from San Antonio, in Texas,< to the point
of junction with the great overland mail to California,' at
the compensation, for this new and improved beivice, of
f196,448 per year, the service to commence 1st January,
659." *
So, sir, the joint resolution, as it came from
the House, and as it has been pressed here day
after day, proposed to pay Giddings the sum of
#196 ,448 a year, according to the order of Post-
waster General Brown, made on the 23d of Octo-
ber, 1858; and the Senator from Iowa has already-
told us what the committee stated that sum would
amount to, continued up to the month of July,
1861; that it would amount to one hundred and
fifty thousand and some dollars. We have had
this resolution pressed, day after day, before the
Senate for the allowance of that amount, upon
the basis which the committee have made here,
and upon a calculation which they gave at the
end of their report, that it will amount to that
sum. "We were told this morning, by the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire, that these
parties were willing to take six months' pay in
full. What is that? Why, sir, that would amount
to $98,224, being half the amount due to them
according to the order of Postmaster General
Brown, of October 23,1858; which was the basis
upon which the resolution says tlie Department
shall settle this claim. We want to know what
that will amount to; and, after a good deal of de-
bate on the subject, at last, the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire tells us that these parties
will be content with $70,000, if we will agree to
put that in the bill.
Now, Mr. President, it is a little extraordinary,
it strikes me—and it goes to show how this kind
of legislation gets through—that, after this reso-
lution is pressed here day by day, involving an
amount clear upon its face, according to the re-
port of the committee, of a hundred and fifty-
nine thousandand somehundred dollars; then we
are told further that the parties will be content
with $98,224; and then, after further discussion,
when the friends of the bill arc pressed to let us
know the amount really involved, we are told
that the parties would be content with $70,000.
This is a wonderful falling off in a very slioi t
time.
I confess, for myself, that I am not at all satis-
fied about this matter. It strikes me as very ex-
traordinary, when parties come here and claim
$.159,000, and their claim is pressed day by day,
that they should first fall and agree to accept
$98,000, and then, in a few minutes afterwards,
when the matter is further pressed, that they should
agree to take §70,000. I want to know, really,
what is the amount due, what it is that these par-
ties are entitled to, what they will be content with.
I am willing to vote whatever may be really duo
to them; but I am not willing to vote in the dark.
I have not yet heard from any gentleman as to the
services performed by these parties, and as to the
amount they are really entitled to. It seems that
there is to be an amount hereafter to be ascertained
in the way of damages.
Mr. WIGFALL. Thejointresolution excludes
damages.
Mf. BRAGG. The report proposes to put this
matter on the ground that they had made a con-
tract and carried this mail at $196,000a year; and
that, inasmuch as they performed the trips—al-
though the Postmaster General directed a discon-
tinuance of part of the service—the Government
would pay for what had been done, and continue
the service at that rate up to June 30,1861. Then
they reduced the amount to six months' pay, as
I have stated, and then down to §70,000; and how
much lower they will reduce it, 1 should like to
know.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me, that the ground
assumed by the Senator from North Carolina and
my colleague, goes upon the supposition that we
have no use of any accounting officers; that the
five hundred or a thousand accounting officers
that we have at the other end of the avenue are
of no use; that we must do all their work here.
The bill sends this matter there, to be settled on
principles of equity and justice. That is all.
Now, before I sit down, I wish to say another
word that I am sorry to be under the necessity of
saying. I am told that my colleague spoke in
relation to a bill that was passed at the last ses-
sion, and suggested that some of us who took some
part in it might regretitnow. Heseemedto think
that in that matter there had been some unwise
and injudicious action. I was assailed for my
action on that bill by a scurrilous and infamous
sheet in Boston.
Mr. CLARK. My colleague will allow me to
say that I did not for a moment advert to him;
and 1 am sorry that anybody should so under-
stand me.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear the remark, but I
was so told. While I am up, I will say, in re-
gard to that bill, that, if there is anybody on God's
earth who has any repentance to indulge in on
account of it, I am not that one. I acted on that
matter with intelligence and the integrity I pro-
fess; and I have never seen occasion to retract a
single word that I uttered, or a single act that 1
did in regard to it.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that it is neces-
sary that I should repeat to the Senate that I had
not the least allusion to my colleague, or anything
that he said. I have too much confidence in him
to suppose that he would act in the way indicated.
I want to make one remark in regard to the sug-
gestion of my colleague, now, that I and others
seem to think we have no use for any accounting
officers at the other end of the avenue. My dif-
ficulty is not of that kind. X think they are of some
service; but what I want of these accounting of-
ficers is, to state the account before we vote, and
then let us vote after they have stated it, and not
vote first and state afterwards.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from New Hampshire. The
accounting officers act very well when they state
accounts under legal provisions, as they are bound
to do; but there is hardly an instance within my
recollection, since I have been here, where you
have abandoned legal principles and allowed them
to settle an account on principles of equity and
justice, as you call it, thus giving them an unlim-
ited discretion, that we have not had cause to re-
pent of it; and I will never vote for another bill
giving that authority.
Mr. CLARK. Is it in order now to move to
amend the bill/urther?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is still open
to amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend it by adding
the following proviso:
Provided, That the said amount shall bo received by the
said Giddings, in full payment of all services performed on
said route, and in full satisfaction of any claun for dam-
ages arising out of any discontinuance of any part of the
service ou the same.
I offer this amendment, so that if we pass this
joint resolution, it may settle the whole matter,
and he have no further claim for any services or
damages.
Mr. WIGPALL and others. That is already
in.
Mr. CLARK. I was not aware of it. I with-
draw the amendment, if the provision is in the
joint resolution already.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Now I move the amend-
ment which I suggested some time since, in line
three, after the word " on " to insert " that pjr-
tionofthe;"andinline four, after the word "six "
to insert, " lying between El Paso and San An-
tonio;" so that it will read:
That George II. Giddmgs be paid for services on that
portion of the loute number 8073,lj ing between El Paso
and San Antonio, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRAGG. I move to strike out the words,
" in accordance with the order of Postmaster Gen-
eral A. V. Brown, of October 23, 1858," because
the resolution as it now stands fixes the amount.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not understand .what
the meaning of the resolution will be if those
words be stricken out. According to what rule
is he to be paid ?
Mr. BRAGG. If the honorable Senator from
Texas will allow me a moment, I will state 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is so
much disturbance on the floor that the business of
the Senate is interrupted. Senators will please
take their seats and come to order, and the busi-
ness of the Senate must be suspended until that
is done.
Mr. BRAGG. I admit, Mr. President, that the
amendment is not a vital or material one. If the
Senator from Texas had listened to what I said
when I made a few remarks before, I think he
would have seen the propriety of the amendment
that I offer. I stated that these words applied to
a modification of the contract which Postmaster
General Brown made at that time, and by which
these contractors were allowed for weekly service
over this route $196,000 a year, and the report and
the resolution proposed to settle this matter at the
Department in accordance with that modification
of the contract, which is called in theresolution an
" order;" but on reference to the report, the fact
appears to be that that order was a modification
of the cuntraclpdiscontinuing the service on part
of the route, and increasing the service on another
part. If these words remain in the bill now, they
contradict what follows, because the Department
cannot settle on that basis. As I understand the
provision now, it is simply to pay to these par-
ties a specified sum in lieu of all the amounts they
are entitled to under their contract, and for dam-
ages, upon this route. It is to be received in full.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The contract of Postmas-
ter General Brown, of October, 1858, allowed him
for the whole service between San Antonio and
El Paso, and between Fort Yuma and San Diego,
$196,458 a year. On the 14th of April, 1859, Post-
master General Holt, through his Assistant,Mr.
Dundas, reduced the service between San An-
tonio and El Paso from weekly to semi-monthly,
and also between San Diego and Fort Yuma in
the same way, reducing the whole pay then to
$120,000. Afterwards, on the 4th of February,
1860, that portion of the line which lies between
San Diego and Fort Yuma was cut off entirely,
and $28,695 taken from the compensation of
§120,000, leaving, then, the contract price for the
service between ElPasoand San Antonio, $91,405.
As the joint resolution now stands, he is to be
paid for the trips that he performed on that por-
tion of the route, according to the contract price
of $91,405. If he performed the service for six
months, as I understand that a proposition has
been made to pay for six months' service, he
would be paid one half the amount of the annual
pay, so that it would not amount to more than
§45,000. It may amount to something in addi-
tion; but the idea which has been advanced here,
that there will be an extravagant allowance, ex-
ists altogether in the imagination of Senators.
The amendment of Mr. Bragg was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no other
amendment be proposed,the question is: "Shall
the amendments which have been made be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution be read a third
time?"
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
The resolution was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of tiie joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baiter, Biglcr, Blight. Chandler, Clini!-
man, Dixon, Ourkeo, Fitch, l-'oot, Green. Hale. Hemphill,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Momll,
Polk, Powell, Riee, Seward, Simmons, Wade, Wigfall,
and Wilkinson—'24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Brain;, Cameron. Clark, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foster, Gi lines. Hai lan, Kmjj, Saulsbury
Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, and Wilson—lo.
So the joint resolution was passed.
MESSAGE EBOU THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 996) for the relief
of Azel Spalding, in which the concurrence of tho
Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 274) for
the relief of Townsend Harris, his heirs, or legal
representatives.
NEW TERRITORIES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order of the day, which was postponed to con-
sider the resolution just passed, was the tariffbill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move to take up that
bill.
