1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
92
Mr. GREEN, I beg the Senator to allow me
to postpone that bill for two minutes.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was allowed to be post-
poned one minute to consider the resolution just
passed, and it took an hour; and if it is now post-
poned two minutes for another subject, I suppose
it will take hours. I would give way with great
pleasure if I could do so, but I really cannot.
Mr. GREEN. I will state my purpose, and
then the Senator will understand it. It is to take
up two territorial bills and make them the special
order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly; I will yield to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid aside informally, by common consent, for
that purpose.
Mr. SIMMONS. Merely to refer the bills.
Ml-. FESSENDEN. It is not to refer. It is
to make them the special order for to-morrow.
I will not agree to it. I hope the Senator will
riot give way to it. We have appropriation bills
on the table that ought to bo considered then.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to state that the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories, in the other
House, told me it was important that we should
pass these bills this week. We shall have 110
debate upon them.
Mr. SEWARD. Make them the special order
for to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. GREEN. "Very well; I agree to that. It
is after a conference with the chairman of the Ter-
ritorial Committee in the House that I make the
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill now
before the Senate will be laid aside by common
consent.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up those bills,
and make them the special order for to-morrow,
at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. That can be done by common
consent.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 569)
to provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, and to create the office of sur-
veyor general therein, and the bill (S. No. 563)
to organize the Territory of Nevada, were sev-
erally taken up, and postponed to, and made the
special order of the day for, to-morrow at half
past twelve o'clock.
THE TAItOT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
338) to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope we shall commence
at the fifth section, and proceed with the amend-
ments reported from the select committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) That course will be pursued, if there
be no objection.
Mr. GfREEN. I suggest to the Senator that
this is a very important bill, and I do not want any
private matter to interfere with it; but I ask him
to permit me 
Mr. SIMMONS. We are ready to go 011 with
the bill, if the Senator is ready.
Mr. GREEN. Of course I will go on with it;
but I ask him to permit a private bill to come up
and pass for the relief of Haym Salomon. There
will be no discussion on it. If there is a discus-
sion, I will not press it.
Mr. GRIMES. There will be.
Mr. GREEN. Well, if there will be, I will
not press it. Will there be any discussion >
Mr. WILSON. It will take a week.
Mr. GREEN. My friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Dorkee] has charge of the bill; but if he will not
press it, I will. ["Oh, no!"] I will not urge it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the first amendment to the fifth section
of the tariff bill.
The Secretary read it, in the second line of the
fifth section, to strike out " October next" and
insert "April, A. D. 1861," so as to make the
rates of duties fixed by the hill take effect " from
and after the 1st day of April, A. D. 18G1."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen of the
fifth section, to strike out " not above number
twelve, Dutch standardly claying, boiling, clar-
ifying, 01* other process;" so as to make the clause
read: "on white and clayed sugars, when ad-
vanced beyond the raw state and not yet refined,
1 cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the seventeenth
line of the fifth section, to insert " and one fourth
of one;" so as to make the duty on white and
clayed sugars, advanced beyond the raw state and
not refined, 1| of 1 cent per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the fifth section,
to strike out, in the classification of the duties on
sugars, in lines seventeen,eighteen, and nineteen,
these words: "advanced above number twelve,
Dutch standard, and not yet refined, Ij cent per
pound."
Mr. WILSON. I hope that Dutch standard
will not be stricken out of the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso, at the end of the fifth section:
"Provided, That all syrups of sugar, or of sugar cane,
concentrated molasses, or concentrated melado, entered
under the denomination of molasses, or any other appella
tiun than syrup of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated mo-
lasses, or concentrated melado, shall be liable to forfeiture
to the United State?: Provided, That an inspection, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe, shall be made of all sugars and molasses imported
itoni foreign countries, in order to prevent frauds, and the
introduction of sugars, syrup of sugar, syrup of cane, con-
centiated molasses, or concentrated melado, or bottling
syrup, under the title of molasses, or in any other manner."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixteen of the
sixth section, to strike out the word "and " before
" jiort," and irt line seventeen, to insert " cham-
pagne and sparkling wines,Burgundy,andhock;"
so as to make the clause read:
On Madeira, sherry, port wines, champagne, and spark-
ling wines, Burgundy, and hock, in casks or bottles, sev-
enty-five cents per gallon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to inquire of my
friend from Rhode Island, who has charge of this
bill, whether there is anything in that provision
of this bill in conflict with our treaty with Por-
tugal.
Mr. BIGLER. The object of it is to obviate
that difficulty.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was precisely to obviate
that objection to the original bill that this amend-
ment was introduced.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in sec-
tion six, lines eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-
one, and twenty-two, the following words:
"On champagne and spaiklins wines, Burgundy, and
hock, in bottles, $1 per gallon, m casks, 50 cents per gallon ;
on claiet, Marseille,-., Tenerifle. Sicily, Canary, and Malaga
wmes, m casks or bottles, conts pei gallon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
twenty-three, to insert, <£ three and one third "
after " thirty;" so as to make the clause read:
" On all other wines not enumerated, 33£ per centum ad
valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line tliirty-one of
section six, to strikeout " six "andinsert44 one "
before "dozen;" so as to make the pioviso read:
Provided further, That bi andics or other spirituous liquors
may he mi ported in hottles. when the package shall contain
not less than one dozen; and all bottles shall pay a separate
duty, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, lines
thirty-seven and thirty-eight, to insert, "three
and one third " after " thirty;" so as to make the
clause r.ead:
On all spirituous liquors not enumerated, 33£ per ccntum
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
thirty-nine, to strike out " 50 cents per pound,"
and insert, " valued at $5 or under per thousand,
20 cents per pound; over $5 and not over $10,
40 cents per pound; and over §10, GO cents per
pound;" so as to make it read:
On cigars of nil kinds, valued at $.1 or under per thou-
sand, -30 cents per pound; over §5 aud not over $10,40 cents
per pound; anil over ,^10, tiO conts per pound; and in addi-
tion thereto 10 per ccntum ad valorem.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of some
member of the committee what difference this
makes , in the rates? What is "the present rate
now fixed ? Is this amendment calculated topro-
tect, in any degree, the manufacturers of cigars?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is to protect the Amer-
ican manufacturer, to some extent, in relation to
the light cigars. On the high-priced Havana
cigars, we put a high duty; for the purpose of
putting a tax upon luxuries. In relation to the
cheap cigars, the German cigars, there1 it was a
measure to protect American manufacturers; for
they are made of American tobacco.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know of the Sen-
ator from Vermont if I correctly understand him
that he regards cigars as luxuries; because I have
come to regard them as anecessary of life. [Laugh-
ter.!
Mr. COLLAMER. We tax them on that
ground.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in section seven, to
strike out "six" and insert "seven;" in line six,
to strikeout "one inch and a half,"in lifec seven,
and insert "two inches;" to strike out "five
eights of one," in line eight, and insert "one half
an;" to strike out " three," m line nine, and in-
sert " four;" to strike out "five eighths of one,"
in line ten, and insert " one half an;" to strike
out " three," in line eleven, and insert " four;"
so as to make the section read:
Sec. 7. Jind. be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter men-
tioned, the following dutios, that is to sayt First, 011 bar
iion, rolled or harameied, comprising fiats, not less tli&o
one inch or moic than seven inche.^wide, nor less than one
quaiter of an inch or more than two inches thick; rounds,
not le5«s than one half an inch or more than four inches in
diameter; and squares, not less than one half an inch or
more than four inches square, fifteen dollars per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to insert in line fif-
teen of the seventh section:
And. provided further, That none of the above iron shall
pay a less rate of duty that 20 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-two
of the seventh section, to insert " drawn and fin-
ished;" so as to make the clause read:
On iron wire, drawn and finished, not more than one
fourth of oiio inch in diametei, nor less than No. 10 wire
gauge, 75 conts per one hundred pounds, and 15 per centum
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-one, to
insert before the word " on," the words " on tire
for locomotives, or parts thereof, and;" so as to
make the clause read:
On tire for locomotives, or parts thereof, and on all other
descriptions of rolled or hammered iron, not otherwise
provided for, $20 per toil.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-eight, to
insert after the word "thereof," the words "and
anvils;" so as to make the clause read:
On iron cables or chains, or parts thereof, and anvils
,~:1 2.> per one hundred pounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment in line forty-five of that section, to strike
out the words " for nails, nuts, and horse-shoes;"
so that it will be simply for slit rods, without
stating the object for which they arc to be used.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island, before he passes upon that
subject, that he has got two duties on anvils.
The word "anvils," in the fiftieth line of the
amended bill, ought to bo stricken out. If it is
introduced in the forty-eighth line, it ought to be
stricken out in the fiftieth.
Mr. BIGLER. That was intended to be in-
cluded m the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. We have not got down to
that line yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the words mentioned by the
Senator from Rhode Island, in line forty-five,after
the word " rods," to strike out the words " for
nails, nuts, and horse shoes;" so that it will read:
Fourth. On band and hoop iron, and slit rods, not other-
wise provided for, §-2Q per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move, in the forty-ninth
and fiftieth lines, to strike out the words " and
anvils." They have been provided for above.
