924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. B1GLER. I was about to make the same
motion.
3?hc amendjnent was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-two of
section seven, to insert the word "and" after
ctscrews;" so as to read:
On bed screws and wrought binges, Ij- cent per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines sixty-six
and sixty-seven of the seventh section, to strike
out" 25 cents per hundred pounds, "and insert
"and on wrought iron nuts and washers, ready
punched, $25 per ton;" §o as to make the item
read,
On wrought iron railroad chairs, and on wrought iron
nuts and washers, ready punched, $25 per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in that portion of the
seventh section relating to the duties on steel. The
section, as it originally stood in that respect, was
as folloVs:
• On ail steel in ingots, liars, sheets, or wire, not less than
one fourth of one inch in diameter, valued at 7 cents per
pound, or less, cent per pound; valued at above 7 cents
per pound, and not above 11 cents per pound, 2 cents per
pound; and valued at above 11 cents per pound, 2J cents
per pound: Provided. That no steel in any form shall pay
a duty of less than 20 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was to strike out all after "2
cents per pound," and insert " steel in any form,
not otherwise provided for, shall pay a duty of
20 per centum ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Secretary has passed
over an amendment in line eighty-four, to strike
out the words "two inches and" in the clause
relating to screws.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was a mistake. There
was no amendment proposed to that clause.
Those words should not have been put in italics.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 wish to make an ex-
planation in regard to my vote. If I were to re-
main here, 1 should vote against this tariff bill;
but I have agreed to pair off with the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Thomson] who is m favor ot
the bill.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and four of the seventh section, to insert:
On cross-cut saws 8 cents per lineal foot.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the select committee
was in section nine, line seventeen, to strike out
"of seven and a half pounds," after the word
"gallon" in the following item:
On linseed, flaxseed, hemp«eed, and rapeseed oil, 16
cents per gallon of seven and a halt' pounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in the tenth section, to strikeout
" on rice or paddy, 50 cents per hundred pounds,"
and in lieu of these words to insert:
On cleaned rice, 1 cent per pound; on unclcaned rice or
paddy, 50 cents per bundled pounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino six of the
eleventh section, to strike out " two" and insert
" four;" so as to make the duty on cloves 4 cents
per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in the thirteenth line of the elev-
enth section, to strike out " two," and insert
" three;" so as to make the duty on figs 3 cents
per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to insert " Brussels carpet,
wrought by the Jacquard machine," in the sixth
line of section thirteen; so as to make the section
read:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That from and after
the day andyear afoiesaid there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the mipoitatton of the articles hereinafter
mentioned, the following duties, that i.: to say : Fust, on
Wilton, Saxony, and Aubussoil patent velvet, Tournay
velvet, and tapestry velvet carpets and eaipetmg, Biu«sels
carpets \viought by the Jacquaid machine, and all medal-
lion or whole carpets, valued at $1 95 or under per square
yard, 40 cents per square yard ; valued at over per
square yam, oU cents per squaie yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose, after the words
" square yard," in tho eleventh line, to insert this
proviso:
Provided. That no carpets shall pay a less duty than
per centum ad vulurem.
That is to cover the very costly carpets that
cost $4 or $5 a square yard.
Mr. SEWARD. Will that include rugs?
Mr. SIMMONS. No; only.the above specified
carpets.
Mr. SEWARD. Why should it not include
rugs also ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I am perfectly willing to have
it in if the rugs are of that costly description.
Mr. SEWARD. The rugs want protection
more than the other.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is necessary to put in my
amendment here; and if you want an amendment
for other goods, you can do it when you come to
them.
Mr. SEWARD. Why not add "or rugs"
here**?
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well. Put in " no car-
pets or rugs."
The Secretary read the amendment as modified,
to insert after the word " yard," in line eleven,
of section thirteen:
Provided, That no caipets or rugs of the above descrip-
tion shall pay a duty of less than 25 per centum ad valo-
rem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the select committee
was in line twelve of section thirteen, after the
word4' carpeting," to insert," printed on the warp
or otherwise;" so as to make the clause read:
On Brussels and tapestry, Brussels carpet and carpeting,
printed on the warp or otherwise, 30 cents per square yard.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in line thirty-five of section thir-
teen, to strikeout "sixteen "and insert" twelve."
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr.-Presi&nt 
Mr. BIGLER. I would suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island, as there are several changes
in this section from 1G to 12 cents, we take one
vote on all those amendments.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to pi-opose an
amendment to this whole complication about
square yards, at the suggestion of the Chamber
ot Commerce of the city of New York, which 1
agreed to accept. I move to strike out all after
the word "second," in the twenty-sixth line of
the thirteenth section, down to the words " ad
valorem," m the sixty-third line, covering about
two pages of the bill 
Mr. HUNTER. I should be glad if the Sen-
ator would raise his voice a little. We cannot
hear him here.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will raise it as loud as I
can. I say that, in order to avoid the complica-
tions of this square yard measurement, and so
many schedules as there arc now in this section
about woolen goods, at the suggestion of a com-
mittee from the New York Chamber of Com-
merce, I have agreed to make this amendment:
I propose to strike out from the word " second,"
in the twenty-sixth line of the thirteenth section,
to " ad valorem," in the sixty-thud line; and also
to strike out after " ad valorem," in the ninety-
fourth hnc, to the word " third," in the ninety-
eighth lme;and in lieu of the matter thus stricken
out, to insert:
On woolen cloths, woolen diawls, and al! manufactines
of wool of every description, mnd<! wholly or in part of
wool, not otherwise provided tor, a duty of 12 cents per
pound, and m addition thereto 25 per contain ad valorem.
On endless hales tor paper, and blanketing for printing
machines, 25 per centum ad valorem.
The portions of the thirteenth section proposed
to be stricken out arc from line twenty-six to line
sixty-three, as follows:
On all woolen cloths, or cloths of which wool shall he
the chief component material,fulled oi nulled, keiscys> and
plain--, valued at 2.*> cents per ^uare yaul and undet, a duty
of *30 per centum ad valorem; on all cl"oih«, cashmeres, ker-
seys, buckskins, doevkms, mixed sackings, pelisse cloth>>,
j habit cloths, ladies' eloakings, funded, tweed*, plains, and
j tciS,or goods of a similar chatacter, valued at 25 cents and
j not exceeding 75 cents per squaie yard, a duty of 16 cents
• per pound, and in addition thereto 20 pei centum ad valo-
rem: Provided, That all goods or cloths of the foregoing
i description, weighing not more than ten ounces per square
| yard, shall pay a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addition
, thereto 25 per centum ad valorem; valued at ovet 75 cents
per square yard, a duty of 18 cent*! per pound, and m addi-
tion thereto 25 per centum ad valorem; on all beaver cloth?,
Duthl cloths, pilot cloths, petershams, felt cloths, or similar
cloths, suitable tor overcoats or blankets, and valued at$l or
less per square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in
addition thereto 15 per centum ad valorem; valued above
i 81 and not above $2 pcr&quare yard, a duty ol 16 cents per
j pound, and in addition thereto 20 per centum ad valorem.;
i valued above £2 per square yaid, a duty of 16 cents per
i pound, arid m addition theicto 25 per centum ad valorem;
S on all broadcloths, twilled or plain, valued at §1 or less per
square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addition
thereto 15 per centum ad valorem; above $1 and not above
$2 per&quaie yard, 16 cents per pound, and m addition
thereto 20 per centum ad valoi em; valued above $2 per
square yard, a duty of 16 cents per pound, and in addition
thereto 25 per centum ad valorem.
And also from lines ninety-four to ninety-eight,
in the following words:
On woolen shawls, or shawls of which wool shall be the
chief component material, a duty of 16 cents per pound,
and in addition thereto, 20 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the select committee
was, in section thirteen, line sixty-nine, to strike
out. "or," and insert "and not;" and after the
word "over," to insert "one dollar;" and to
strikeout "sixteen," and insert " twelve;" so as
to make the clause read:
On woolen and worsted yarn, valued at 50 cents and not
over §1 per pound, 12 cems per pound, and m addition
thereto 15 per ccntum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after the clause last
amended, to insert in section thirteen, line sev-
enty-one:
On woolen and worsted yam,valued at over$l per pound,
12 cents per pound, and in addition theicto 25 per centum
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was, in line eighty-one of section
thirteen, to strike out "sixteen," and insert
" twelve;" so as to make the clause read:
On clothing, ready made, and wearing apparel of every
description, composed wholly or in part of wool, made up
or manufactured wholly or in part by tho tailor, seamstress,
or manufacturer, 12 cents per pound, and in addition there-
to 25 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was, in line eighty-five of section
thirteen, to strike out " 10 cents each," and in-
sert " 6 cents per pound, and in addition thereto
10 per centum ad valorem," as the duty on blank-
ets valued at not over 75 cents each, and of di-
mensions not less than seventy-two by fifty-two
inches.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now I want to offer an
amendment to cover all this blanket business. I
have got information from the same committee
that these blanketsare all purchased by the pound
weight, instead of by the square yard; and i have
drawn up an amendment to suit them. I move
to strike out all after the word " valorem," in line
eighty-two of page 21, to the word " in,"in line
ninety-four, and insert, in lieu of the words
stricken out:
On blankets of all kinds, made wholly or in part of wool,
valued at not exceeding 28 cents per pound, thcie shall be
charged a duty of 6 cents per pound, and in addition thereto,
10 per centum ad valorem. On all valued above 23 cents
per pound and not exceeding40 cents per pound, thcie shall
be charged a duty of 6 cents per pound, and in addition
theieto 25 per centum ad valorem. On all valued above40
cents per pound, there shall be charged a duty of 12 cents
per pound, and in addition thereto 20 per centum ad valo-
rem.
I will briefly explain what the intention of this
is. There are two classes of these blankets—one
made from coarse wool,thatcosts 3 cents a pound.
We put them at 6 cents a pound; and when we
get to the finer blankets, costing over 40 cents a
pound, wc make them pay a duty of 12 cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The words stricken out of the bill by this
amendment are:
On blankets valued at not over 75 cents each, and of
the dimensions not less than seventy-two by fifty-two
inches., a dntv of 10 cent* each; on nil other blankets,
comprising Witney, Rose, Bath, Dutlil, point, ciadle, cub,
Mackinaw, and horse blankets, composed wholly or m part
of wool, and not exceeding m value the sum of $2 each, 16
cent* per pound, and in addition thereto 15 per centum ad
valorem; valued at over $'2 each, 16 cents per pound, and
in addition thereto 20 per centum ad valorem.
The next amendment of the select committee
was in section thirteen, line one hundred, after the
word "wool," to insert "gray or uncolored;"
after " and" to insert " on;" and after " all," to
insert " other;" so as to make the clause read:
On ail delaines, cashmere delaines, muslin delaines,
barege delaines, composed wholly or m pan of wool, gray
or uncolored, and on all othei giay and uncolored goods of
similar description, 25 pei centum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was in the same section, line one hun-
dred and two, after the word "all," to insert
" stained, colored, or printed, and on all other;"
so as to make the clause read:
And on all stained, colored, or printed, and on all other
