1861.]
-APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Ml
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong....2d Ssss.
three hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-
three cents.
For two thirds of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
eight hundred dollars.
Por two thirds of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dollars.
Por two thirds of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of schools, per fourth
■article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
Por two thi rdat of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For two thirds of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the purchase of provisions <<nd to-
bacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth ar-
ticle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and
thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For seventh of twenty installments in coin,
goods, household furniture, and cooking utensils,
agricultural implements and cattle^,carpenters'
and other tools and building materials, and for
moral and educational purposes, per fourth article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, nineteen thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for six
smiths and assistants, per sccond and fifth ar-
ticles treaty thirtieth September,eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, five thousand and forty dollars.
Forseventh of twenty installments for thesup-
port of six smiths' shops, per second and fifth
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the seventh
smith and assistant, and support of shop, j>er
second and fifth articles treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For support of a smith, assistant, and shop for
the Bois Forte band, during the pleasure of the
President, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For support of two farmers for the Bois^orte
band, during the pleasure of the President, p<jr
twelfth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippeufas of the ^Mississippi.
For one third of twentieth of twenty-five install-
ments in money, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, four thousand one hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
four hundred dollars.
For one third of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thutieth September,eighteen
hundred and fifty-lour, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For one third of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for purchase of provisions and tobacco,
pe^r fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-
seven cents.
For one third of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twentieth of twenty-five in-
stallments for pay of two farmers, per fourth
articletreaty fourthOctobcr, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For seventh of twenty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February,eighteen hundred andnfty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
Chippewa, Pillager, and Lake Winnibigoshish
Bands.
For seventh of thirty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-six cents.
For seventh of thirty installments of annuity
in goods, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty five, eight
thousand dollars.
For seventh of thirty installments for purposes
of utility, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
For seventh of twenty installments for purposes
of education, per third article treaty twenty-sec-
ond February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For seventh of fifteen annual installments for
support of two smiths and smiths' shops, per
third article treaty twenty-second February, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
I?or pay of an engineer to grist and saw mill at
Leech Lake, six hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek> and Black
River.
For sixth of ten equal annual installments in
coin, to be distributed per capita, in the usual
manner of paying annuities, per second article of
the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For sixth installment for the support of one
blacksmith shop for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of second August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, twelve hundred and forty dol-
lars.
Chippewas, Menomonees, Winnebagoes, and New
York Indians.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per fifth article treaty eleventh August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-seven, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Chichasaws.
For permanent annuity in goods, per act of
twenty-fifth February, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Choctaws.
Forpermanentannuity,pcrsecond article treaty
sixteenth November, eighteen hundred and five,
and thirteenth article treaty twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen hundred a.id twenty, and thir-
teenth article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January', eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second J une, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six thousand dollars
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article'treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six hundred dollars. *
For permanent provision for iron and steel, per
ninth article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article of
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three hundred and twenty dollars.
I^or interest on five hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, for education and other bene-
ficial purposes, to be applied under the direction
of the general council of the Choctaws, in con-
formity with the provisions contained in the tenth
and thirteenth articles of the treaty, of twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Comanches, Kiowas, andrfpaches of Arkansas River.
For eighth of ten installments for the purchase
of goods, provisions, and agricultural implements,
per sixth article treaty twenty-seventh July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three, eighteen thousand
dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the eighth
of ten installments of goods, provisions, and ag-
ricultural implements, per sixth article treaty
twenty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, seven thousand dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty seventh August, seventeen hundred
and ninety,and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, pet* fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January,"eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August,eighteen hundredandfifty-six, eight
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanent provision for the pay of a wheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-si?:, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and shop and
tools, during the pleasure of the President, per
fifth article treaty fourteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop during the pleasure
of the President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For wagon-maker during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations during
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty seventh
August,eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth article
treaty seventh August eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, one thousand dollars.
For the fifth of seven additional installments for
two blacksmiths, assistants, shops, and tools, per
