1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34&
Laios of the United States.
36th Cong....2d Sess.
saries for the shop, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, five
hundred dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to
be a gunsmith and tinsmith, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fiAy-seven, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of two strikers or appren-
tices in shop, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for farming uten-
sils and stock during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, six Ifundred dollars.
For third of ten installments for pay of miller,
at the discretion of the President, per fourth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fourth September,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For third of ten installments for pay of an engi-
neer, at the discretion of the President, perfourth
article treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation to apprentices, to assist in
working the mill, perfourth article trenfy twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, five hundred dollars.
For last of three installments for the pay of six
laborers, per seventh article treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
three thousand dollars.
Pottawatnmies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty third August, seventeen hundred and
ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty second October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, two thousand fiv6 hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity m money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article
treaty twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-three, seven hundred dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per third ai tide treaty sixteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, second article treaty
twentieth September, eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight, and fourth article treaty twenty-seventh
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment of
money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth article of the
treaty of the fifth and seventeenth June, eighteen
hundied and forty-six, three hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for three blacksmiths
and assistants, per third article treaty sixteenth
October,eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, and second article treaty
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and twenty-
nine, two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shops, per thu'd article treaty sixteenth October,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, second article
treaty twentieth September, eighteen hundred and
twenty-eight, and second article treaty twenty-
ninth July, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
six hundred and sixty dollars.
Forpermanentprovision for fifty barrels of salt,
per second article of treaty twenty-ninth July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Pottmoatomies of Huron.
For permanent annuity in money or otherwise,
per second article treaty seventeenth November,
eighteen hundred and seven, four hundred dollars.
(^uapaxvs.
For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per third article treaty thirteenth May,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one thousand
dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer during the pleasure of the President,
per third article treaty thirteenth May, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
Rogue Rivers.
For eighth of sixteen installments in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty tenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, two thousandfive hundred dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty third November, eighteen
hundred and four, one thousand dollars.
For last of thirty installments as annuity in
specie, per third article treaty twenty-first Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, twenty
thousand dollars.
For last of thirty installments for gunsmith,
per fourth article treaty twenty-first September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, six hundied
dollars. %
For the last of thirty installments for iron and
steel for shop, per fourth article treaty twenty-first
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, two
hundred and twenty dollais.
For last of thirty installments for blacksmith
and assistant, shop, and tools, per fourth articic
treaty twenty-first September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, eight hundred and forty dollars.
Fof last of thirty installments for iron and steel
lor shop, per fourth article treaty twenty-first
September, eighteen hundied and thirty-two, two
hundred and twenty dollars
For last of thirty installments for forty barrels
of salt and forty kegs of tobacco, per fourth arti-
cle treaty twenty-first September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, one thousand dollars.
For interest 011 two hundred thousand dollars,
atfivc per cen turn, per second article treaty twenty -
first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
ten thousand dollars.
For intereston eight hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article treaty elev-
enth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest 011 one hundred and fifty-seven thou-
sand four hundred dollars, at five per centum,
under the direction of the President, per second
article treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, seven thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy dollars.
Scminolcs
For the fifth of ten installments for the support
of schools, per eighth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thou-
sand dollars.
For the fifth of ten installments for agricultural
assistance, per eighth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thousand
dollars.
For the fifth of ten installments for the support
of smiths and smiths' shops, per eighth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annuity,
per eighth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollais
For interest on two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as annuity,
they having joined their brethren west, per eighth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eighteen
hundred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, perfourth article treaty twenty-eighth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For miller during the pleasure of thePresident,
perfourth article treaty twenty-eighth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hundred dol-
lars
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest 011
stock, peract nineteenth February, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, six thousand dollars.
For interst, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred ahd
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from On-
tario Bank of the United States Treasury, per
act of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
lorty-six, two thousand onelrandredandfifty-two
dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of thePrcsident,per fourth article treaty twentieth
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty third August, sev-
enteen I undrcd and ninety-five, and third article
treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand dollars.
For eighth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on forty thousand dollars, for education,
per third articic treaty tenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, perfourth articic treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen,and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York■
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty eleventh
November, seventeen hundred and ninety-four,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
Sioux of Mississippi.
For interest on three hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, per second article-treaty twen-
ty-ninth September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, fifteen thousand dollars.
For eleventh of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, 011 one million three hundred
and sixty thousand dollars, perfourth article treaty
twenty-third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, sixty-eight thousand dollars.
For eleventh of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on one hundied and twelve thou-
sand dollars,hemg the amount in lieu of the res-
ervations set apart 111 the third article of Senate's
amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty twenty-third July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For eleventh of fifty installments of interest,at
five per centum, on one million one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article tieaty
fifth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, fif-
ty-eight thousand dollars.
