928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15.
ty-four by thirty inches, 4 cents per square foot; all above
thai, 5 cents per foot; Provided, That ail glass imported in
sheets or tables, without reference to size or form, shall
pay the highest duty herein imposed : And provided further.
That ail rough plate, cylinder, or broad glass, weighmpover
one hundred pounds per one hundred square feet, shall pay
an additional duty on the excess at the same rates as herein
imposed; and all ciown, plate, or polished, and all other
window glass weighing over one hundred pounds per one
hundred square feet, shall pay an additional duty propor-
tional to that herein provided for glass uf that weight.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask if the con-
sideration of an amendment like that at this time
is not a departure from the practice of the Senate?
I thought it was our rule to go through with all
the amendments of the committee before we took
up amendments proposed by individual Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that this is simply an amendment to an
amendment offered by the committee, and is in
order in pursuance of the practice.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand it, it is a
proposition to strike out a whole section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes; and to
insert other matter.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit to the Chair that
this is not an amendment to an amendment of the
committee, hut it is an amendment to the bill.
Mr. BIGLER. The whole bill is before the
Senate.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee moved a variety of amendments to the seven-
teenth section; and it is now moved further to
amend that section by striking out the whole of
it, and inserting what has been read: and it is
strictly in order, and in pursuance of common
practice.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a single
inquiry. It is impossible that we should all bo
able to enter into the details of such a bill as this.
I desire to know of my friend from Rhode Island,
what rate of increase he has imposed upon the
present tariff, and what rate ot percentage of
diminution is proposed by the amendment of the
Senator from California?
Mr. SIMMONS. I will answer the Senator
from Kentucky. As I stated the other day, we
intended that this bill should levy an average rate
of duty of 20 per cent., and we expected it to yield
that on the whole importations, j
Mr. COLLAMER. Not by increased duties ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Some of it by preventing
frauds; some of it by raising the rates of duty.
By these means we expected to bring the average
up from 15 to between 19 and 20 per cent., which
would give the required revenue,in our judgment.
Now, L wish to say one word about this partic-
ular amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest that
the Senator from Kentucky wanted to know how
much it was proposed to increase the duties over
the present rate. That has not been answered.
Mr. SIMMONS. Does he mean on this par-
ticular glass ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The whole bill, I under-
stood.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, this section on
glass.
Mr. SIMMONS. In some cases it reduces the
present duty, and in others incicases it; but I
wish to call the attention of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to this fact, that he is striking out a variety
of articles heie that iic has never read, and that
he leaves no provision whatever for. The truth
is, he has got a kink about him as to this little
window glass, and he will strike out all the rest
of the tariff, to get in an alteration in the size of
window glass. That is all he proposes.
Mr. BIGLER. I will say to the Senator from
Kentucky that I have in my hands a table which
lhave made out, ill reference to the leading ar-
ticles, which shows the rates charged in the tariff
of 1842, tho tariff of I64G, and the tanff of 1857,
and those proposed in this bill. I have these
tables in reference to all the leading- articles. In
rt ference to glass, under the tariff of 1842 the rate
was from Si to 6 cents per square foot; under the
tat iff of 1S4G, 20 per cent.; under the present law,
the act of jrft>7, the rate is 15 percent.; and under
the proposed bill, it will range from 18 to 20 per
cent., as near as I can estimate the ad valorem
late. Oai object was to make the duties of 1846
the basis.
Mr. GWiN. The Senator from Rhode Island
says that there is nonsense in the am^ndmentthat
I have proposed. I am not at ail surpiised, for
I got it from him. [Laughter.] He drew every
line of it, or his clerk did; every solitary word in
my amendment. He is the man that handed me
that as the action of the committee. He says that
it was agreed to upon representations made by
me. Why, sir, when I went before the commit-
tee with the facts that I had, wishing this altera-
tion, he had already altered the bill in that way,
and read it to me, and asked if that did not an-
swer the purpose. I asked him for a copy, in
order that I might send it to those with whom I
was in correspondence on the subject, to ascertain
if it met their views. He and the original author
of the bill, Mr. Morrill, had been together, as
I understood, revising it, and he said to me,
"Here are the amendments that I propose."
"Well," said I, "give me a copy; I am in favor
of it anyhow, as it is a reduction; but, if it meets
the views of those whom I represent, the import-
ing merchants of my State, then I shall be saved
the necessity of moving amendments to it." I
was in favor of it, of course, in preference to the
original bill.
1 got the very words from the Senator himself.
He gave me a copy to send to my correspondents,
to ascertain if their views were met by the amend-
ment—not that I proposed it. I had propositions
there; but I found the Senator with his bill pre-
pared much better than it was as it came from the
House of Representatives', and I accepted what he
had done. I got them to write down the words;
I have them as written down; and that is precisely
the amendment which I have now proposed, and
nothing else. It is no amendment of mine; it is
his own.
The Senator from Pennsylvania stated just now
that the duties were at so low a rate that they
would not amount to 15 or 20 per cent. Here is
an estimate of the duties; they are 28, 53, and 62
per cent. Here are the estimates made out:
•t- O
n X
CO to
Cost prico.
Present duty.
Proposed duty.
Pci ad
VuloiLlll.
Cost price.
Present duty.
Proposed duty.
Per cent, ad
x aloe cm.
Cost piice.
Present duty.
Proposed duty.
Pei cent, ad
valorem.
3.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not take those estimates.
Will the Senator toll me on what they are based?
Mr. GWIN. They are made out by the par-
ties.
Mr. BIGLER. They are made on the present
depressed prices, not on the average.
Mr. GWIN. Did not the Senator from Vir-
ginia read yesterday the estimates that were made
a year ago, and those made now, with scarcely
an alteration in the figures, except so far as the
amend meats of the committee make the bill better
than H was sent from the House of Representa-
tives? Why does the Senator bring tins objec-
+ The last named size,, weigh from five to ten pounds more
than one bundled pounds per one hundred feet, wine!) will
liiciease the duty Horn 5 to 2S per cent, additional to 62 per
tion against the estimates that are brought for-
ward now, when the same ratio was shown a
year ago, when depression was not spoken of?
The amendment that I have proposed is pre-
cisely what the committee agreed upon when I
was in the committee. I do not propose to strike
out one word that ought to lcmam in the section.
If there is more matter there than my amendment
covers, of course I do not propose to strike out
the whole section. I have just precisely got the
words the Senator gave me, and I have offered
them because I preferred them to the original bill.
I do not want to mutilate the bill in any way what-
ever. If it is nonsense, it is the Senator s fault,
not mine.
Mr. SIMMONS. One word in reply. I am not
going to prolong this debate. The remark I made
was, that the Senator had proposed to strike out
the whole section. So I understood the Cliaii to
state the question; and I understood him to move
to strike out the seventeenth section and insert
this instead of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then, I say, he strikes out
the duties on other wares, and if he had read the
section through he would not have proposed it;
and now he says he has put in just what I pro-
posed. I never proposed to strike out this sec-
tion. We had an informal meeting with the gen-
tleman who reported this bill in the House of
Representatives, and we enlarged these sizes; and
when the Senator from California came in there
we had not passed upon them, I believe; but at
any rate, I intended to propose them to the com-
mittee when we had a formal meeting, and all were
present. I stated to him what that gentleman
[Mr. Morrill]—1 may as well call his name—
had suggested, and he sent to a committee-room,
somewhere, to get a clerk. I do not want ltto be
understood that I have had one since I have been
on this business. There are a good many smart
ones about here, as I discover. [Laughter.] He
got a cleik to copy this proposition before it had
been formally acted upon. I believe we all said
wo should go for it; I intended to go for it; but
when I came to have the information which I
ought to have had before I suggested it, I found
that it was ruinous both to the revenue and the
business of the country. It is not an adequate
duty, at all. The duty that I have now got in
the bill, of 1 cent a square foot, is the only one
that lias been altered from the printed bill"; and
there are but two items in the Senator's amend-
ment varying from mine. When we came to put
this up, and see the difference in sizes, I was as-
tonished at the form of the bill as presented in
this new shape. On glass, sixteen by twenty-
lour inches, we have got the duty down to 1|
cent a foot. I kept that there; and when we
came to the i cent duty, we put it at 1 cent. The
two species of glass were double before, and we
kept the rates double—one quality at J C(;nt,
and the other at li cent. This low duty is that
which affects the country on all glass from ten to
fifteen inches. I think it ought to be 1 cent. I
do not think it is SCbper cent on the fair value. I
could read papers—I have had a peek uf them sent
to me—and going into the calculations, you would
not find one of the duties fixed in this bill, as I
stated the other day, that was 20 per cent, on the
- fair market vaine of the article.
Mr. GWIN. I am not going to detain the Sen-
ate about this matter. The Senator now states
the fact of the case; and that is, that I never pro-
posed one amendment about glass. Hu said,
awhile ago, that 1 had deceived him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say any such
thing. ?
Mr. GWIN. That I had made representations
there, nnd that they changed the amendment he-
cause they found out that my i epresentations
were not correct. I have moved this amendment
precisely as it was handed to me in manuscript
by the Senator and the original author of the hill.
He read it to we when I went there, intending- to
ask for these alterations; and I told him that it
seemed to me that probably that met the case as
it was presented to me, and I asked him lor a
copy. The Senator talks about my clerk making
a copy. The Senator from Pennsylvania stated
that he had a clerk to his committee, and i said
I had one. Ididnot wanttheScnatorfrom Rhode
Island to have the labor of copying these matters,
