THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1861.
New Series No. 59
and the clerk of the Senator from Pennsylvania
copied this and handed it to me under the eye of
the Senator from Rhode Island. I wanted to ascer-
tain whether the alteration which he and the ori-
ginal author of the bill made, met the case. My
correspondent said it did meet the case, though it
was a larger duty than that now paid; but they
were willing to pay it. The alteration now made
is one that is injurious to the revenue, and to their
business, paying a large revenue to the Govern-
ment. I want to restore the original action of
the committee. We all agreed to the first altera-
tion; and the subsequent alteration 1 did not know
of until my attention was called to it by those
interested.
My amendment is precisely in the words read
by the Secretary; but there is a portion of the
section that should remain. I take it for granted
that the Senate is going to vote my amendment
down, and therefore I should like to have it pre-
cisely in the form I intended; and that is the form
in which the Senator himself handed it to me, and
I have never changed a single word in it. It was
not intended to mutilate the section at all. There
is a certain portion of the section that should be
retained. That portion 1 wish to retain, and I
wish to give symmetry to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from California indicate the portion of the
section he proposes to strike out?
Mr. GWIN. I move to strike out all of the
seventeenth section down to the word " pound,"
in line twenty-nine, being all that lelates to win-
dow-glass, and to insert what 1 have sent to the
Chair, which has been read twice.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to make one
explanation, as the Senator from California seems
to speak a great deal of this being m my own
handwriting. That does not happen to lie so;
but 1 would as lief it had been so as not; for if I
had drawn it at a full meeting of the committee,
I should vote against it now. The Senator had
some papers that he wanted to call our attention
to; and I called him up to the table and showed
what the mover of this bill in the other House
had suggested as an improvement of it, and lie
said he would take a copy of it and write to this
importer. 1 found, oil examination into the sub-
ject, and I am not ashamed to tell it here, that we
were entirely mistaken, and that the duties we
proposed were entirely inadequate either for rev-
enue or for protection. I wauled theni altered,
and the committee did alter them on account of
the mistake we had made; and now the Senator
wants to have that provision in which I was mis-
taken put into this bill in order to perfect it.
Mr. GWIN. Who deceived the gentleman
about it.' 1 did not.
Mr. SIMMONS. Nobody deceived me. 1 did
not say that anybody deceived me. I was mis-
taken. I did not have the information 1 ought to
have had; and when I get it, I always calculate
to correct a mistake. Now, the Senator wants to
point his finger to me, and make the Senate hold
on to a mistake. That is the difference between
us.
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 14, nays 27; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Brags. Clnigmaii, Gwin, Hemphill,
Hunti'i."Johns-oil of 1 cmicsice," Lane. Latham, Mason,
Nk1h>1m)ii. IVaice. Toll;, l'ovn-li, ami Rice—14.
N VYH—Mev.-rs." Anthony, Bisler, Bingham, Uiaml er,
Claik CoSlainei, Crittenden. Dixon. Doolittle, Douglas,
DuiUee. Kesseuden, Foot, Fostei, Glline-, Hale, '''*/ -
Km;:, iMoriill, waid, Simmons, ^uinner. ren EveK,
Tluuihull, Wade, Wilkuuon, and Wilson—-27
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. Secretary
will read the next amendment reported by the,
select committee.
The Secretary read the next amendment oi the
committee, which was in the nineteenth section,
which imposes a duty of ten per centum on the
articles enumerated in it, to strike out " bananas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. " Bronze powder " should
59
be stricken out of the nineteenth section; and I
move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the nineteenth section "caustic
soda."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of the
nineteenth section "diamonds, cameos, mosaics,
gems, pearls, rubies, and other precious stones,
imitations thereof, not set."
The amendment was agreed to
The next was in line forty-seven of the nine-
teenth section, to strike out "un" after "or,"
so as to make the item read: "Grindstones,
wrought or finished."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the nineteenth sec-
tion, to strike out, in line seventy-eight, " pine-
apples;" in line seventy-nine, " plantains;" and
in line eighty-one, "pumpkins."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the twentieth sec-
tion, imposing a duty of 20 per centum, to insert
after the item," leather, upper, of all kinds," the
words "except tanned calf-skm, which shall pay
pay 25 per centum ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to strike out of the twentieth sec-
tion the following items:
Velvet, in the piece, composed wholly of cotton ; vel-
vet, in the piece, composed ot' cotton and Mlk, but of winch
cotton is the component material ol chief value.15
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page S8, after line
one hundred and twenty-eight, to insert, as a new
section, the following:
Sec. 21. Jinile it fuithcr enacted, That, fiom and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on diamonds, cameos, mosaics:, gems, peails, ni-
bies, and other piccious stone"?, when nor set, a du y of 5
per centum ad valorem; on the same when set m gold,
teilver, oi other metal, ami on imitations theieof, and all
other jewelry, 25 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. As that is an additional sec-
tion proposing to lay a duty of 25 per cent., I
wisli {o add, at the end of it, the following:
On han-cloths ant! han -seating, and all other manufac-
tutes ofhan notutJjmvissC pioviJi-d lor, 25 pei centum ad
valorem.
1 shall move to strike out these things from a
former pan of the bill.
Mr. BIGLER. This is merely a transfer from
one schedule to another.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mv. SIMMONS. Now, I move to strike out
of the forty-fourth line of the twentieth section,
which we have passed, the following words:
" Haircloth, liair seatwgs, and other manufactuics ofliair
nototheiwise piovided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I think the Senator from Rhode
Island passed over an amendment on page 32,
which it was intended to make. That is m the
10 per cent, schedule, and in it-he will find " sad-
dlery, coach, and harness hardware, common
tinned, burnished, or Japanned." Itwas intended
to transfer them to the 20 per cent, schedule. 1 he
duty is now 15 per cent. As the bill came ori-
ginally from the House, it reduced it to 10 per
cent I propose to transfer that clause to the
ninety-sixth line, page 37, after the word "cov-
ered. " The Senator will recollect that tins is an
amendment we agreed upon in committee.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be oil striking out those words on page
32, lines eighty-six and eighty-seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is oil inserting after the word " covered, in
the ninety-sixth line, page 37, the words sad-
dlery, coach, and harness hardware, common
tinned, burnished, or Japanned.
Mr. FOSTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that the articles that are stricken
out from the place where he has stricken them
out, should go into the 30 per cent, schedule, or
else those in the 30 per cent, schedule should cer-
tainly be altered; for there are now articles in the
30 per cent, schedule precisely like this.
Mr. BIGLER. Oh, no; they are very different.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
two, imposing aduty of 30 per cent., to strike out
the following:
" Cameos, real and imitation, and mosaics, real and ira
itation, wlien set in gold, silver, or other metal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
to strike out from lines sixty-four and sixty-six
inclusive, in the following words:
" Diamonds, gems, pearls, rubies, and other precious
stones, and imitations of precious atones, when sot in gold,
silver, or oilier metal."
The amendment w&s agreed to -
The next amendment was in the same section,
line ninety-two, to strike out the words:
0 Jewelry, real or imitation."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
three, containing the free list, in line nineteen,
after the word " incorporated," to strike out the
word " and;"andaftertheword"philosophical,"
to strike out the word " or;" and to insert after
the word " literary" the words " or religious;" so
that the clause will read:
All hooks, maps, charts, mathematical or nautical instru-
ments, philosophical apparatus, and all other articles what-
ever. imported for the use of the United States, all philo-
sophical apparatus, instruments, books, maps, and charts,
statues, statuary, husis and casts of marble, bronze, ala-
baster or plaster of i'ans; paintings and drawings, etchings,
specimens of seulptuie, cabinets of coins, medals, and gems,
and all collections of antiquities: Provided, The same be
specially impoited, m good taitli, lor the use of any society
incorporated or established for philosophical, literary, or
religion* purposes, or established for the encouragement of
the "fine arts, or tor the use or by the order ot any college,
academy, school, or seminary of learning in the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
in the following clause: " Barilla, and soda ash,
not containing over 85 per centum of carbonate of
soda," to strikeout the words " not containing
over 85 per centum of carbonate of soda."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
line two hundred and fourteen, to insert the fol-
lowing:
Staves for pipes, hogsheads, or other casks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
line two hundred and eighteen, to strike out the
words "sulphate of ammonia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire, at the end of the
two hundred and eleventh line, on page 24, to
insert, " and silk cocoons and silk waste;" so as
to make them free. The clause will then read:
Silk, raw, or as reeled from the cocoon, not being dou-
hied, twisted, or advanced in manufacture any way; and
silk cocoons and billc wa&te.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. WILSON. Before we pass over that sec-
tion, if the Senator from Rhode Island is willing,
1 should ^ike to propose a small amendment: to
add, after line one hundred and seventy-live, on
page 52, the words " old type, of American man-
ufacture."
Mr. COLLAMER. How can they tell whether
they are American manufacture or not.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
the "Senate proceed to the consideration of the
committee amendments, and modification of those
amendments, before receiving amendments fiom
individual Senators, according to the usual prac-
tice.
