1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
within the rules under which a court of chancery
would allow the application for a rehearing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will observe that on this call he has a right
to have his proposition considered, if it makes no
appropriation.
Mr.MAYNARD. It makes no appropiiation.
The SPEAKER. Then it is in order.
Mr. THOMAS. I understood that this was a
mere call for reference.
The SPEAKER. No; it is the regular call.
Mr. THOMAS. Then I hope my colleague
will give me an opportunity of being heard for a
few minutes on this subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. I willingly yield the floor to
my colleague to present his views. X do not %vaut
to take any advantage of him, or any other mem-
ber of the House; but I think that justice to this
claimant requires the adoption of tlie resolution.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 had occasion, when I was
a member of the Committee of Claims, some ten
or twelve years ago, to spend some two weeks in
the examination of this claim, and therefore 1 am
pretty familiar with the character of the case,
although many of the facts are not now fiesh in
my memory. The case has undergone the ex-
amination of committee after committee, and Con-
gress after Congress, and it has been uniformly,
after full and elae-oratc investigation, rejected. It
has also been before the Court of Claims, and
there rejected. This claim has been hanging about
the lobbies of the House of Representatives, to
ray own personal knowledge for twelve years,
and from history fi t nearly thirty years. After the
parties had had over twenty years to prepare their
case, it was thoroughly examined in the House
of Representatives, and was voted down by a very
large majority It is now proposed, after the
Court of Chims has given the matter a careful
examination, where both parties were represented
by counsel, to refer it back *o that court, and to
ask the court to devote another week or month
to its investigation. If my memory were clear
enoughUof enable me to state all the facts, I lia^e
nodoulwfhatthis resolution would be voted dewn
by more than two thirds majority.
According to my recollection, Mr. Speaker, this
claim originated for breadstuffs furnished to the
Spanish nation during the war of 1812-14. It will
be recollected that during that period the United
States were at war with Great Britain, and that
Great Britain was at war with France. Spain was
the ally of our enemy, Great Britain. Mr. Meade,
who was an American citizen, had gone to Spain
some years before, and had so far become a sub-
ject of that Government that he was actually an
office-holder m the city of Madrid. He was a
dealer in produce; and, as such, furnished the
Spanish army with their breadstuffs during that
war. When peace was restored, after the battle of
Waterloo, this Mr. Meade had a settlement with
the King of Spain, which showed the Spanish
Government, to be in his debt to the amount of
some §600,000, and an acknowledgment of that
debt was duly executed. All this time the United
States were ignorant that such a man as Meade
lived. The first information that we had of him
or his claim was when friendly relations were re-
stored, and when our minister went to Madrid.
Our minister there received a written communica-
tion from Mr. Meade, who had quarreled with
the King of Spain, and had been imprisoned. He
applied to the American minister to hove his rights
adjusted. Our minister interfered so far as to have
Mr. Meade released from prison. He was re-
leased and returned to the united States. After
the treaty for the cession of Florida, Mr. Meade
requested our Government to send an agent to the
Court of Spain to get the evidence of the indebt-
edness of that kingdom to him, in order to lay it
befoie the commissioners, who were required to
make a settlement of the money to be paid by our
Government to Spain for the benefit of United
States claimants. Our Government, not fpeling it
their duty, did not make the application. The
commissioners held their sessions for two years
in this city. They made their awards, and dis-
tributed the $5,000,000 pro rata among the claim-
ants who did present their claims. But Mr. Meade,
who did not apply for any portion of it, has since
come up and besieged Congress; and since his
death, his representatives have been pressing the
claim till it was rejected so overwhelmingly that
they lost all hope in the House. They then went
to the Court of Claims, where they had the ben-
efit of counsel, and the benefit of thirty years'ac-
cumulation of testimony,and it was there rejected,
I am sorry, sir, that my colleague, for whom
I entertain so high a regard, should be again at-
tempting to embarrass this Government with a
further investigation of this claim. I had no idea
that it was ever to come here again. I have stated
the facts from recollection; but I believe that X
have stated them accurately, at least m substance.
I am satisfied that it is a claim in regard to which
this Government should not be further troubled.
I therefore move to lay the resolution the table,
unless my friend should desire to say something
in regard to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. My colleague will recol-
lect that I have the floor, and that he only held it
bymy courtesy. Iam notstirprised,Mr.Speaker,
from the statement which my friend and colleague
has made of what he supposes to be the facts in
connection with the claim, that his mind should
incline against it. I hold in my hand the opinion
of the majority of the Court of Claims, and it is
enough to say that they based their action on no
such ground. I will state in a few words what
are the main,leading facts in the case,and which
have induced the Committee of Claims to recom-
mend the case to be rcferied back for a rehear-
ing.
Richard W. Meade had, in his lifetime, a claim
arising out of a contract, and out of personal in-
jury, against the Government of Spain. That
claim was recognized by that Government, and
by a board of commissioners was certified as a
claim against the Government to an amount some-
thing less than my colleague has stated—some-
thing over three hundred thousand dollars. That
was prior to the treaty of 1819 with Spain. By
the terms of that treaty, under which we acquired
the now recusant State of Florida, the United
States undertook and assumed to pay all the
claims which her own citizfcns had against the
Spanish Government, including, of course, this
claim.
After the ratification of that treaty, Congress
appointed a board of commissioners to pass upon
such claims as we had assumed by virtue of that
treaty. Mr. Meade presented his claims as fall-
ing within the terms of that treaty, and in support
of it presented the certificate of the Spanish Gov-
ernment, liquidating and adjusting it, and fixing
the amount. The commission recognized the
claim as falling within the purview of the treaty,
and liable to be satified by this Government, m
pursuance ofit; but suspended it on the ground that
they would not admit it upon the certificate of the
Spanish Government of its liquidation and adjust-
ment, and required Mr. Meade to produce his
original vouchers upon which the liquidation of
the Spanish Government took place, and which
were delivered up to the custody of that Govern-
ment and distributed through its various depart-
ments. This, Mr. Meade was unable to do. He
was not able to obtain them from the custody of
the Spanish Government, and produce them be-
fore the commission until the commission had ex-
pired, under the act by which it was appointed.
The consequence was, that the claim was lost. It
had been assumed by this Government, as be-
tween the Spanish Government and the claimants.
The com mission had required evidence of the char-
acter which I have mentioned, and which it was
impossible for him to produce, pending the ex-
istence of the commission; the result was, that
the claim was not allowed.
It is true that the claim came before Congress,
and that it has been examined and passed on, by
one House or the other, again and again. It went
to the Court of Claims, and it was there considered
and was decided by the majority adversely, the
minority of the court presenting at the same time
in favor of the claim. The decision of the major-
ity of the court was placed upon the ground that
Mr. Meade, having once had a day in court, and
having failed to establish his claim before the com-
mission, in accordance with their requirements,
had lost it by laches.
The Committee of Claims thought that, to say
the least, the rejection of the claim was made upon
very highly technical ground; because it will be
seen that, upon the investigation of the claim, the
merits of it had not been inquired into. It was a
case in which the obligation of Spain to pay had
been fully recognized by that Government; and
upon an examination of the tresty,itwrllbe found
that the Government'of th'e United State'sassumei
all claims of citizens of the United States against
the Government of Spain. The claim, as: 1- have
said, was lost before the commissionin'conse-
quence of the requirementto which I have referred,
The Court of Claims rejected the claim upon the
technical ground I have named,and the Commit-
tee of Claims believed it was but Justice to
claimant that he should have" a rehearing andati-
other decision, upon the principle every day prac-
ticed upon in the courts. : No ehancelor ih the
land, upon such a condition of.factsj would-hesi-
tate a moment to grant a rehearing, and a revision
of his opinion once pronounced adverse to the
claim.
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to ask my colleague
whether there has been any new testimony dis-
covered in the case other than Jias been before
Congress for years? . . • -
Mr. MAYNARD. Not that I am aware of.
Mr.THOMAS. Then I desire to ask jny.col-
leaguc whether he understands it to be the rule of
any court in this country to grant a rehearihg -in
such a case, when no new testimony is alleged to
have been discovered ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly.'
Mr. THOMAS. If no error is alleged, do I
understand a rehearing may be granted upon the
facts ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I say it is the every-day
practice to grant a rehearing when there is a plau-
sible argument presented to the mind of the court
that i t is possible that, in the first examination, the
facts may have been misapprehended. I have many
times known a judge to reverse his own decision
upon such a state of facts. It is an every-day
practice.
Mr. THOMAS. I wish to ask my friend if he
knows how often this case has been rejected by
Congress? I remember that it was once rejected
upon the argumentof Silas Wright in the Senate.
I remember that it was rejected inthis House once
upon the argument of Joshua R. Giddings against
it. I remember that it was, on another occasion,
rejected upon the argumentof a gentleman whose
name I do not now call to mind., I know thatthis
case has undergone the thorough investigation of
men of all sections and of all parties. It has been
rejected by the Court of Claims after a full and
thorough investigation; and now, if my friend
from Tennessee can present any fact which will
throw any additional light on the subject, I am
willing that it shall again be considered, but not
otherwise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not examined the
congressional history of this claim; but my im-
pression is, that it lias at various times received
the favorable action of committees of both Houses
of Congress. The Committee of Claims, how-
ever, examined the case upon the record presented
by the Court of Claims, and they have reported
this-resolution in accordance with what they con-
sidered to be well settled principles of legal prac-
tice. I move the previous question upon the
engrossment arid third reading of the joint res-
olution
Mr. THOMAS. I move tojay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. STANTON. I think there should be an
end of all things. I hope the resolution will be
laid on the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Tennessee allow me to ask him
why he has inserted into the resolution the pro-
vision that there is to be a rehearing upon the
merits of the case?
Mr. MAYNARD. I can assure the gentleman
that those words were not put there to cover up
or conceal anything more than appears in the
report. If there is any objection to that phrase-
ology, I am perfectly willing that those words
shall be stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I called
the gentleman's attention to the phraseology be-
cause I knewthatit has been generally construed
to give the auditing officers a sort of licentious
discretion for any report they may make.
Mr. MAYNARD. I perhaps should have had
read the report of the committee which accom-
panies the resolution. It will be seen by that re-
port that the committee expressly forbore to
express any opinion upon the, merits of the case.
They recommend a rehearing of the case in con-
