934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
made.
Mr. STANTON. It will be recollected that,
at the last session of Congress, a resolution was
Eassed allowing a rehearing of a certain claim
efore one of the Departments, and that we were
obliged the present session to pass an act repeal-
ing that resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am perfectly willing to
obviate any difficulty of that kind by striking out
the clause which requires that the claim shall bo
examined, on its rehearing, upon its merits; and
to add a proviso that nothing within the resolu-
tion shall be construed into an expression of
opinion as to the merits or demerits of the claim.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon the motion
to lay the resolution on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to
AZEL SPAULDING.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report a bill for the relief of
Azel Spaulding.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill makes an appro-
priation simply to pay a pension agent $275 for
the two per cent, on the money paid out by him
prior to 1847. I suppose it will be better to put
the bill on its passage at this time.
The bill was read.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
ISAIAH HATCH.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the case of Isaiah
Hatch; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT NEWPORT.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
made an adverse report on the case of the marine
hospital at Newport, Rhode Island; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
FLORIDA INDIAN WAItS.
Mr. TRIMBLE, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back House bill No. 572,
?ranting bounty lands to soldiers engaged in the
ndian wars of Florida since 3d March, 1855,
with the recommendation that itdo not pass. The
bill was laid upon the table, and the report or-
dered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. TRIMBLE, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, also made adverse reports in the follow-
ing cases; which were severally laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed:
Petition of Julius Pierce, in behalf of Calvin
Pease, for bounty land;
Petition of Julius Pierce, praying for certain
amendments to the bounty land acts;
Petition of the heirs of Edie Stewart, for bounty
land;
Petition of the heirs of George Jackson, pray-
ing for a grant of bounty land on account of ser-
vices in the war of 1812;
Petition of David Johnson, asking for bounty
land or a pension; and
Memorial of forty-six privateorsmen from Mar-
blehead, asking for bounty land under the act of
3d March, 1855.
TITLES TO CERTAIN LANDS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, moved that that committee be
discharged from thefurther consideration of House
bill No. 873, to ascertain and adjust the titles to
certain lands in the State of Illinois; and that it
be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid upon the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, made an adverse report on the
joint resolutions of Washington Territory, asking
Congress to donate to that Territory ten million
acres of land in aid of the territorial internal im-
provement fund: which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, moved that that committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
sundry memorials; and that they be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to
POST Oi'MCE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House revive itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a view to take up the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope not. We ought to
finish the call upon the committees for reports in
private cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
have the call gone through with, provided it be
the understanding that my motion shall not be
superseded by the special order.
The SPEAKER The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and will take it as ordered accordingly.
KANSAS TROUBLES.
Mr. CONWAY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of Kansas, asking Con-
gress to appropriate $500,000, or an amount suffi-
cient for the payment of claims awarded to the
citizens of Kansas by the claim commissioners
of Kansas, for losses of property in consequence
of the existence of the political troubles which
prevailed so generally in the early history of the
Territory of Kansas; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
IIOCKADAY & LIGGET
Mr ALLEY. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
back Senate bill No. 551, for the relief of Hock-
aday & Ligget, with the recommendation that it
do pass. I ask that the bill be now put on its
passage.
The bill, which was read,provides that thesum
of §40,000 be allowed to Ilockaday & Ligget, in
full payment for damages sustained by tliem in
reduction of pay for carrying the mails on ioute
No. 8911, and that said amount be paid to Wil-
liam Ligget, foi and on account of Hockaday &
Ligggt, and for their benefit, out of any moneys
in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise
appropriated.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN PEEBLES.
Mr. TAPPAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report back Senate Court of
Claims bill No. 125, for the relief of John Pee-
bles, with the recommendation that it do pass. It
is for a small sum, and I hope it will be now put
on its passage. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to John Peebles the sum of
twenty-five dollars, in full for his services as sur-
veyor, performed under the direction of John
Cuthbert, timber agent for the southern district of
Alabama.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AZEL SPAULDING—AGAIJT.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill for the relief of Azel Spaulding
was passed. That bill appropriates some two
hundred and seventy-five dollars as percentage.
I wish to inquire whether Mr. Spaulding received
any salary at the time?
> reconsider I
:■ v/
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
has already been submitted, and laid upon the
table.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to present
the following resolution. It is one that, in my
judgment, ought to be passed at once.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That next Tuesday be set apart for the trans-
action of the business for the District of Columbia, and that
the business for the District be made the special order for
that day.  
Mr^WmSLOW. I object,
FREDERICK YINCENT.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 275, for the relief
of Frederick Vincent, administrator of Jamos Le
Caze, surviving partner of Le Caze &> Mallet,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims. .
The motion was agreed to.
GREENBERRY M. MATTHEWS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Cllims, reported a
bill for the relief of Greenberry M. Matthews, of
Montgomery county, Maryland; which was read
a first and second time by its title.
The bill was then read in. extenso. It provides
for the canceling of a certain land warrant, and
the issue of another in its stead.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE BILL.
MrS^?£ERMAN. As the call of the commit-
tees is now through, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Pending that motion, I move that the Post Office
appropriation bill be made the special order in
committee.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was then agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
(Mr. Win slow in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. 971) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 18G2.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with
The bill was then read by clauses for amend-
ment.
The following clause being under consideration:
For compensation to postmasters, §*2,728,"<34.
Mr. COLFAX said: I am instructed by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
offer the following amendment:
Stake off $26,734, and to add as a proviso to the clause
ju<rlead•
Provided, That no compensation shall be paid to post-
masters, after the 30th of June, 18bl, ioi the deliveiy ot free
letters or papc-is to their lecipients.
I can explain this amendment in a few words.
By a singular anomaly in the post office laws,
although postmasters receive no compensation for
the delivery of public documents and franked
speeches, yet thfire are two branches of free mat-
ter for the distribution of which they do receive
compensation out of the Treasury. One is one
cent for the delivery of free letters, for which the
Governmen t receives no postage .The other grows
out of the delivery of newspapers distributed free
of postage in the countywliere they are published
The postmasters are allowed two mills for the de-
livery of each of such papers, which amounts to
ten and one fifth cents per year for the delivery of
weekly papers in the counties where they are pub-
lished, while the Government receives no postage
at all, but carries such paper free.
