350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 15,
36th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of. the United' States.
vided, That nothing herein contained shall author-
ize the said company to impair the navigation of
Red Bayou: Provided further, That the United
States shall have the right, at any time after the
expiration of ten years, to take possession of the
work by paying to the company the amount of
expenditure, with seven per centum interest.
Approved, February 21, 1861.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution to quit title to Lands in
the State of Iowa.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all the title which the United
States still retain in the tracts of land along the
Des Moines river, and above the mouth of the Rac-
coon fork thereof, m the State of Iowa, which
have been certified to said State improperly by
the Department of the Interior, as part of the grant
by act of Congress approved August eight, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, and which is now
held by bona fide purchasers under the State of
Iowa, be, and the same is hereby, relinquished to
the State of Iowa.
Approved, Maich 2, 1861.
No. 12.—A Resolution for the appointment of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the vacancies in the Board of Re-
gents of the Smithsonian Institution of the class
"other than members of Congress," be filled by
the appointment of William L. Dayton, of New
Jersey,m place of Richard Itush,deceased; Wil-
liam B. Astor, of New York, m place of Gideon
Hawiey, whose term has expired; and that Cor-
nelius C. Felton, of Massachusetts, whose term
has expired, be reappointed.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
No. 13.—Joint Resolution to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the following article ho proposed j
to fhe Legislatures of the several States as an |
amendment to the Constitution of the United i
States, which, when ratified by three fourths of
said Legislatures, shall be valid, to all intents and
purposes, as part of the said Constitution, viz:
61 Article, Thirteen.
" No amendment shall be made to the Consti-
tution which will authorize or give to Congress the
power to abolish or interfere, within any State,
with the domestic institutions thereof, including
that of persons held to labor or service by the
laws of said State."
Approved, March 2, 1861
duties on imports, and for other purposes," ap-
proved the second March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, shall be so far altered and corrected as
to strike from said act the following words, that
is to say, from the list of articles exempt from
duty: "Wool, unmanufactured, and all h'air of
the goat, alpaca, and other like animals, unman-
ufactured, the value whereof, at the last port or
place from whence exported to the United States,
shall be eighteen cents, or under, per pound;"
from section twenty-four, as follows:
" Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That all
goods, wares, and merchandise, which may be
in the public stores, on the day and year afore-
said, shall be subject to no other duty upon entry
thereof than if the same were imported respect-
ively after that day;" and from section thirteen, as
follows: st On woolen shawls, or shawls of which
wool shall be the chief component material, a
duty of sixteen cents per pound, and in addition
thereto twenty per centum ad valorem."
Approved, March 2, 1861.
No. 16.—Joint Resolution authorizing Commo-
dore H. Paulding to receive a Sword awarded
to him by the Republic of Nicaragua.
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Commodore H. Paulding, of the
United States Navy, be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to accept the sword presented to lam by the
Republic of Nicaragua.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
No. 14.—A Resolution authorizing the issue of
the same quota of Arms to the State of Cali-
fornia for the years eighteen hundred and fifty
and eighteen hundred and fifty-one, as was is-
sued to that State for the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-two.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Sccretaiy of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized to-tssue to fhe State ofCal-
ifornia, a quota of arms for the years eighteen
hundred and fifty and eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, equal to the annual quota issued to the said
State of California for the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-two.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
No. 17.—A Resolution authorizing Captaim Wil-
liam L. Hudson, of the United States Navy,
to accept a Diamond Brooch for his wife, pre-
sented to her by the Emperor of Russia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Captain William L. Hudson, of
the United States Navy, be, and he is hereby,
authorized to accept for his wife, a diamond
brooch presented to her by the Emperor of Rus-
sia, as a maik of the appreciation by that Govern-
ment of the courtesy extended to the olhcers ot
the Russian service on board the United States
ship Niagara during the laying of the Atlantic
cable.
Approved, March 2, 1861
No. 18.—A Resolution authorizing W. H. Smi-
ley, United States Commercial ^<rent at the
Falkland Island#, to receive a Telescope ten-
dered him by the Belgian Government.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That W. H. Smiley, United States
commercial agent at the Falkland Islands, be,
and he is hereby, authorized to accept from the
Belgian Government a telescope tendeied him in
acknowledgment of the services rendeied by him
to a seaman belonging to a Belgian vessel, the
Leopold, wrecked m the neighbood of the Falk-
land Islands, in the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
PRIVATE ACTS.
No. 15.—A Resolution to correct certain errors
in the Act entitled " An Act to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury Notes, to
authorize a Loan, to regulate and fix the Du- ;
ties on Imports, and for other purposes," ap- ;
proved the second of March, eighteen hundied ;
and sixty-one.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent- '
atives of the United States of America in Congress !
assembled, That the act entitled " An act to pro- j
vide for the payment of outstanding Treasury I
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the j
Chap. IV.—An Act for the Relief of William A.
Linn's estate.
• Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of rlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to satisfy, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a judg-
ment rendered by the circuit court, in and for the
county of Samt Louis, State of Missouri, at its
October term of the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, m favor of Thomas C. Reynolds and
against the late William A. Linn, for services in
defending said Linn in a suit brought against him
by William H. Belcher and Chailcs Belcher, on
account of acts done by said Linn as an officer of
the United States; and also to pay to said Rey-
nolds a like additional sum, in satisfaction of his
demand in another suit brought hy him in the
Saint Louis court of common pleas in and for said
county of Samt Louis, against said Linn, and
now pending against said Linn's administrator
for other like services in defending said Lmn.
Approved, December 22, 1860.
Chap. VI.—An Act for the Relief of Lieutenant
George L. Hartsuff, United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, Tlfat the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to pay, out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Lieutenant George L. HartsnfF, acting
assistant commissary of subsistence, United States
Army, the sum of three hundred-and eighty dol-
lars, lost by wreck of steamer Lady Elgin, it being
the amount of public funds he had in his posses-
sion while traveling under orders on board of said
steamer, in the month of September, eighteen
hundred and sixty, which sum he subsequently
paid over to his successor, in order to balance his
accounts on the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Approved, January 5, 1861.
Chap. VII.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs. Eliza
A. Merchant, widow of the ia to First Lieutenant
and BivvetCaptam CharlesG. Merchant, of the
United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Eliza A. Merchant on the pension list,at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month, to commence on the
fourth day of March, one thousand eight hundred
and sixtv, and continue during her life
Appro\ed, January 5, 1861.
Chap. VHl.—An Act for the Relief of Jeremiah
lVndergast, of the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives tfthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Jeremiah Pcndergast on the pension list, at the
rate of eiijht dollats per month, from the fourth
day of September, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-six, and to continue during his life, in
lieu of the pension to which he is now entitled by
law.
Approved, January 15, 1861.
Chap. IX.—An Actforthe Relief of the Assignee
of the Honorable David C.Brodericlc, deceased
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Senate of the
United States is hereby authorized and directed
to pay out of the contingent fund of the Senate,
to the assignee of the honoiable David C. Brod-
e rick, deceased, late a Senator of the United States,
the amount of compenation and salary due the
deceased at the time of his death.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much
of any act as may conflict herewith is hereby re-
pealed. in so far as it may interfere with the pay-
ment authorized m the first section of this act.
Approved, January 15, 1861.
Ciiap, X.—An Act for the Relief of Richard C.
Martin
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the. United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of [the] Treasury
is hereby authorized and directed to pay to Rich-
ard C. Martin, outof any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropi lated, the sum of one thou-
sand and fifty dollars, in full of a lost draft drawn
by G. W. Barbour, formerly Indian commissioner
m California, on Riddick McK.ee, disbursing
agent, m favor of Thomas W. Lane, for beeves
furnished to the Government, which said draft
was accepted by said Riddick McKee, and after-
wards transferred and delivered to said Martin.
Approved, January 15, 1861.
Chap. XII.—An Act for the Relief of Franklin
Torrey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
