1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
<
Laws of the United States.
36th Coxg....2d
hereby authorized to cause five certificates of the
loan of eighteen hundred and forty-eight, of one
thousand dollars each, with coupons of semi-
annual into, rest from the first of July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, attached thereto, to be issued
to Franklin Torrey, or bearer, to replace that num-
ber of similar certificates, the property of said
Torrey, which were destroyed by the burning of
the steamer Austria, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight: Provided, That before the
issue of such new certificates said Torrey shall
furnish to the acceptance of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury such bond of indemnity as is
usually required by the regulations of the Treas-
ury Department for the issue of duplicate certifi-
cates of inscribed stock.
Approved, January 19, 1861.
Chap. XIII.—An Act for the Relief of Samuel
R. Franklin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and instructed to allow to Lieutenant Samuel R.
Franklin, United States Navy, in the settlement
of his accounts, the difference between the pay
he received as lieutenant, and ihe pay a purser
would have received on board the United States
sloop-of-war Falmouth, during the period in which
he discharged the duties of purser on board said
vessel: Provided, The same shall not exceed the
sum of five hundred and ninety-eight dollars and
sixty-three cents.
Approved, January 23, 1861.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of 0. F. D.
Fail banks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to 0.
F. D. Fairbanks, the sum of two hundied and
fifty dollars; to Fredeuck Dodge, Indian agent at
Cal sou 'b Valley, six handled and fourteen dol-
lars and thirty-eight cents; and to the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, four hundred and twelve
dollars and fifty cents for transportation, cloth-
ing, and board of the survivors of the Sublette
Cut-off massacre in Utah Territory, on the twenty-
seventh of July, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and -fifty-nine.
Approved, January 23, 18G1
Chap. XV.—An Act for the Relief of Major
Benjamin Alvord, Paymaster United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amerieain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Tieasury Department be, and they aie hereby,
authorized and directed, in settling the accounts
of Major-Benjamin Alvord, Paymaster United
States Army, to credit him in the sum of fourteen
thousand dollars, that being the amountof public
money for which he was accountable, lost by the
shipwreck of the steamship Northerner, on the
fifth January, eighteen hundred and sixty, near
Cape Mendocino, California, it having been for-
warded to him at Fort Vancouver, Washington
Territory, per said vessel, by the assistant quar-
termaster at Sau Francisco.
Approved, January 23, 1861.
Ciiap. XVI.—An Act directing the Secretary of
the In tenor to liquidate the Accounts of Mitchell
and Rammelsburg and Baker and Von Phul. .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congreyt
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized and required to pay to Mitchell
and Rammelsburg, their survivor or lawful as-
signee, for furnishing the* United States couit-
rooros in the city ot Cincinnati, Ohio, the sum of
five hundred and fifty-two dollars and seventeen
cents, which amount, when paid, shall be in full of
their claim against the Government.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed in like manner to pay to Baker
and Von Phul, their survivor or assignee, the sum
of one hundred and sixty-one dollars and twenty
cents, in full of their account against the Govern-
ment for furniture for said court-room, and all
other claims.
Approved, January 23,1861.
Chap. XVII.—An Act for the Relief of the Chil-
dren of the late Captain E. A. Capron.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled That the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury Department be, and he is hereby, di-
rected to pay to the children of the late Captain
E. A. Capron, out of any moneys not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of three hundred dollars,
the same being arrears due on a pension granted
August twentieth, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven.
Approved, January 23, 1861.
Chap, XVIII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Eliza Reeves.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
I he name of Eliza Reeves on the invalid pension
rolls of the United States, at the rate of nine dol-
lars per month, to commence on the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty, and to con-
tinue daring her widowhood.
Approved, January 26, 1861.
Chap. XIX.—An Act to authorize the institution
of a suit against, the United States to test the
title to Lots numbers live and six in the Hos-
pital Square in San Fiancisco.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmerka in Congress
assembled, That J. G. Ames, S. W. Holladay,and
James Blair, and then* heirs, assigns, anil legal
ropiesentatives be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to institute a suit against the United States,
in the circuit couit of the United States for the
State of California, foi the purpose of recovering
from tile United States, two lots of ground, num-
bers five and six, in the square in the city of San
Francisco on which a hospital has been erected
by the United States; which lots are claimed to
have been acquned by the said Ames, Holladay,
and lilair, by deeds executed in their favor by the
sheiifT of the county of San Francisco on the
tweuty-thnd day of October, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one. The said suit to be commenced by
citation served on the district attorney of the Uni-
ted States for the northern district of California:
Provided, That the United States shall have the
right in any suit so brought to defend their claim
to the title and possession'of said pioperty,orany
part thereof, on any legal or equitable giounds.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the said district attorney, under the
direction and advice of the Attorney General of
the United States, to defend any suit brought under
the authority of the first section of this act, and to
take all necessary measures at law or in equity for
the protection and defense of the title to said lots.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That either
party may appeal or piosecute a writ of error to
the Supreme Court of the United States from any
final decision rendered by said circuit court in
any suit instituted as aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no suit
shall be brought by virtue of the provisions of
this act, unless the same be instituted within two
years from the passage thereof.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in the
event of a final judgment against the United States
m any suit instituted as aforesaid, it shall be the
duty of the proper accounting officers of the United
States, who may be in charge and possession of
said lots in behalf of the Government, to deliver
up to the claimants said lots, or such parts thereof
as may, by said filial judgment, be decreed to be-
long to tle-rn; and the said circuit court is hereby
authorized to issue the pioeess necessary and
proper for carrying out the provisions of tills act.
Approved, January 26, 1861
Chap. XXI.—An Act for the Relief of David V.
Whiting.
Be it enacted by the Semite and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, the Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be paid to David V. Whiting;, the sum
ofthree thousand and forty dollars for his services
as translator for the territorial government ofNew
Mexico, from the eighth day of March, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-one, to the
twenty-first day of September, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-two; and that said
.sum be paid but of any moneys remaining uiv-
expended of the sums appropriated by Congress
for the incidental expenses of the Legislative As-
sembly of said Territory; and should there be no
surplus remaining of such moneys, then the same
to be paid out of any moneys in* the United States
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, January 29, 1861.
Chap. XXII.—An Act for the Relief of Robert
A. Matthews.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of ihe United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Robert A. Matthews,attorney
of Charles W. Tosh, the amount of the price re-
ceived from said Tosh for one hundred and fifty-
five and sixty-two one hundredth acres of land,
entered by him at the land office, at Sioux City,
in the State of Iowa, on the second October, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, as per register's cer-
tificate and receiver's receipt, both numbered four
hundred and fifty-five, the said entry having since
been canceled as embracing land within the limits
of the railroad grants made by Congress by act
approved fifteenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six.
Approved, January 29, 1861.
Ciiap. XXIII.—An Act authorizing tho Secre-
tary 'of the I nterior to issue a Land Warrant to
Daniel Davis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secietnry of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to issue
a land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres
to Daniel Davis, for his services as a teamster in
Wayne's war, in seventeen hundred and ninety-
five.
Approved, January 29, 1861.
CiiAr. XXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Samp-
son Stanfill.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That Sampson Stanfill shall he, and
hereby is, released and discharged from all claim
and demand of the United States to the balance
of money now remaining due upon a certain judg-
ment recovered against the said Sampson Stanfill
in favor of the United States bcfoic the circuit
court of the United States of Tennessee, holden
at Knoxville, which said judgment was recovered
on a recognizance entered into by the said Samp-
son Stanfill as a surety for one Lewis G. Stanfill.
Approved, January 31, 1861.
Chap. XXV.—An Act to authorize the exten-
sion and use of a branch of the Alexandria,
Loudoun, and Hampshire Railroad within the
City of Georgetown.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Alexandria, Loudoun, and
Hampshire Railroad Company be, and they are
hereby, authorized and empowered to extend a
branch of their railroad into and within the city
of Geoigetown, in the District of Columbia, and
that said company shall have and exercise the
same rights and powers, and be subject to the same
regulations and restrictions, m regard to the con-
struction and use of such extension, as are or may
be granted and prescribed by the charter of said
company in regard to the mam stem of said road,
or by the laws of Virginia ill relation to railroads
within that State.
