936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the question of reduction of compensation, as sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton.} If the gentleman desires, justat this partic-
ular time, to reduce the compensation of all the
officers in the employment of -the Government
throughout thecountry, I am sure it willnot make
any difference to any friendsofmine, fori suppose
I shall receive very little consideration in relation
to such matters aftera few days; but I tell the gen-
tleman candidly, that I would not vote for any
such reduction. I agree with the gentleman from
Maryland, that in order to secure the necessary
talent and ability, the Government must pay fair
^compensation to its officers; and I have always
pursued that policy here, and I have been sus-
tained for a long time by my constituents in so
doing.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would like to
vote for the amendment of-my friend,- but his re-
marks have left me somewhat in doubt. He
declares that he apprehends great danger to his
friends. I would recompense his friends on ac-
count of any danger they are in; but I do not know
the precise nature of it.
He also remarks that these gentlemen are em-
ployed every night for seven days in the week.
Now, if my friend intends, and I believe lie does,
to express that they are employed both day and
night, then the more willingly will I vote for his
amendment. I ask him whether I am justified in
drawing that conclusion?
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from New
York had started on a proper foundation, I might
be able to answer all his questions; but the gen-
tleman cannot have given attention to the business
in hand, or he would not have credited to me the
inauguration of a suggestion which was made by
the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Whiteley.]
I was merely the first lieutenant, merely training
in the company of that gentleman. I was only
aiding him in effecting a just purpose. The gen-
tleman remarks about me saying that these men
worked every night in the week. I did not say so.
I said that they were employed day and night for
seven days in the week. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am perfectly sat-
isfied. I shall vote for this amendment. [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to
Mr. COLFAX. I am requested by the Post
Office Department, and authorized by the Post
Office Committee to offer the following amend-
ment:
And be it further enactcd} Thnt the third section of the
act making provision for the postal service in California,
Oregon, and Washington, approved July 27,1834, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed, and that ail dead letters wlueh
may accumulate in tiie post offices in said States and Ter-
ritory, after the 30th of June next, shall be returned to the
General Post Office at Washington, under such regulations
as the Postmaster General may direct.
By the present law, the dead letters which ac-
cumulate on the Pacific coast are sent to San Fran-
cisco, where they are opened in a dead-letter
branch office, and the money letters are returned
to the persons that sent them. It has been found
by experience that that is a rather poorly-paying
experiment. A letter from the Postmaster Gen-
eral which I have here, states that it costs $3,000
a year to perform that service, and that only sev-
enty-three valuable letters per quarter are re-
turned. He therefore asks that that section of the
law be repealed, and that the dead letters of the
Pacific coast be sent here just as all other dead
letters are.
The letter from the Postmaster General is as
follows:
Post Office Department, February 4,1861.
Sir : My attention has just been called to the operation
of the dead letter office m San Francisco, California, tor
the last quaifer—ended 31st December:
The whole number of letters received there was 20,299
Foreign letters returned to Washington unopened... 964
Whole number opened 19,333
Of the number, one hundred and fifty-nine were preserved
as valuable, and eighty-six returned to Washington, leav-
ing only seventy-three returned to writers on the Pacific
coast.
The expenses of the office for the quarter were $675.
There set-ins to nre no good reason why these dead letters
should not now be returned to this Department, savin? near
three thousand dollar* per annum. The only possible ad-
vantage in having them opened in San Francisco, is in
returning somewhat sooner to the writers the very small
numbei of valuable letters (only seventy-three last quarter)
ojijilnally mailed on the Pacific roa«t.
Under existing regulations, the letters from the larger
offices would be returned regularly three months after the
date of advertising, (or two months, if the law be changed,
as proposed,) and not all be allowed to accumulate to the
end of a post office quarter; so that but little, comparative-
ly, would be added to the weight of the mails each trip.
I submit a section repealing the law of 1854, and provid-
ing for the return of all dead letters to this Department,
which, if approved, you will please add to the pending bill
No. 714.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours, &c.,
HORATIO IvlNG,
•Acting Postmaster General.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Chairman Committee Post Office
and Post Roads, House of Representatives.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
offer an amendment to the first section, to come
in at the end of the tenth line, merely directing
the Postmaster General to reexamine the causes
of the discontinuance of mail routes.
Mr. Q.UARLES. Have we not passed from
that section; and is it not too late to offer this
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois was deprived of the opportunity of present-
ing his amendment, and therefore it may be offered
now.
Mr. SHERMAN I do not waive the point of
pertinency. I shall raise the point that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is not in
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On what
grounds ?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the ground that it
changes existing law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not at all.
Let the amendment be read.
Mr. GROW. I suppose the gentleman from
Illinois is not particular to have his amendment
offered at this point of the bill, and would as lief
bring it in at the end of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will be
satisfactory.
The Clerk read the next section of the bill, as
follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further en acted, That if the revenues
of the Post Office Department shall be insufficient to meet
the appropriations of this act, then the sum ot $5,391,350 63,
or so much thereof as may be nccossary, be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, to supply deficiencies
in the revenue of the Pobt Office Department, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the Postmaster
General be, and is hereby, authorized and empowered to
advertise for and to receive proposals, specifying for what
compensation the round trip, and in what description of
steam vessels, as to structure, speed, and dimension's, a
United States mail to and from s$nn Francisco, m Califor-
nia, and Shanghae, m China, monthly, is offered to be car-
ried and delivered. The'tnne for receiving such proposals
to be limited, at the discretion of the Postmaster General,
and to be advertised in such public newspapers as he shall
designate. Such proposals to be opened by the Postmaster
General, and to be by him, together with his report on the
same, transmitted to the next Congress, at the opening
theieof,
Mr. COLFAX. I must reluctantly raise a
point of order on the amendment offered by my
friend from New York.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am a little uncer-
tain, myself, as to whether the amendment is in
order; but it is of so beneficial a character that I
presume it will be admitted.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is notin
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following amendment:
And the Postmaster is hereby directed to reexamine the
causes for the discontinuance "or curtailment of postal ser-
vice on inland routes since the 4th of March, 1859 j and to
restore all such pans of said service as can be restored with
due regard to the public interest, and the cncumstances
of each case where such discontinuance or curtailment
was on contracts yet in force, or have taken effect on the
making of new contracts: Provided, however, That the res-
toiation or increase ot service hereby contemplated shall
be with the absent of the contiactor in each case, in pur-
suance of his contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order
that this changes existing law. Besides, I know
that if the amendment were adopted by the House,
it would probably defeat the Post Office bill.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to have the gentleman from Ohio state in what
respect the amendment changes existing law, and
why its adoption should defeat this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it changes exist-
ing lawj otherwise the gentleman from Illinois
would not desire to offer it
Mr. GROW By the law, as it stands now,
the Postmaster General can reexamine this mat-
ter, and restore the increased service. The amend-
ment, therefore, does not propose to change the
law. It simply requires the Postmaster General
to go over the matter again; and if, in his judg-
ment, the increased service ought to be restored,
to restore it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
point of order is well taken.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will mod-
ify my amendment, so as to make it in order. I
offer it as a proviso, as follows:
Provided, This appropriation is hereby made on condi-
tion that the Postmaster General shall reexamine the causes
for discontinuance. &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit that that change
does not vary the matter, and that the amendment
is not in order
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to ask the gentleman from Ohio what was the
position which he took in regard to the proviso
to the Army bill in the Thirty-Fourth Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN I was m favor of that pro-
viso, and am yet; but am not in favor of this pro-
viso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They occupy
precisely the same ground.
Mr. GROW. One thing, I think, is clear: that
the body which appropriates money can put a
limit on that appropriation. There is no question
in my mind but that this is clearly in order.
Whetherthe House ought to pass it or not, is for
its own judgment. Whether the limitation is a
proper one or not, is a matter which goes to the
discretion of the body that appropriates money
It is not a matter for a point of order. The ob-
ject of this amendment is, that the money appro-
priated shall be expended in a particular way:
otherwise, it shall not be appropriated at all.
Therefore, a condition of this kind is always in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say that, in 1854,
in the instance to which the gentleman refers, the
amendment was ruled out of order, but the de-
cision was overruled by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did notthe
gentleman from Ohio vote for overruling the de-
cision of the Chair?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken. I think the amendment was first
ruled to be in order, but that afterwards, when
Mr. Houston was in the chair, it was decided
by him to be out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. The amend-
ment was first ruled out of order by Mr. Leiter,
when in the chair, and overruled by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that, in its present shape, the amendment cuts
pretty close; but he will decide it to be in order
The question is upon the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted; for it may just as well be under-
stood now, that its passage by this House will
bring on again the same quarrel with the Senate
which nearly defeated the Post Office appropria-
tion bill in the last session of Congress. I have
no doubt that the Senate will insist upon the de-
feat of the amendment, if it is adopted by the
House, to the defeat of the bill itself. I trust,
therefore, that, without regard to the merit of the
amendment, at this late period of the session the
House will not insist upon entering upon this
contest with the Senate; which, in my judgment,
will, as I have said, possibly defeat the bill alto-
gether, but that the amendment will be voted
down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Ohio can certainly have no conception
of what the amendment really is. it is not an
amendment directing the Postmaster General to
restore this service, but it is merely a proposition
to direct him to reexamine all these cases, and act
upon his own discretion as to what routes the
public interest requires the service to be restored
on. That is the whole of it.
Now, sir, I do not know by what authority
the gentleman from Ohio speaks, when he says
that this amendment, which is just in itself, in
which his constituents and the constituents of
every member of this House are interested—I say
I do not know upon what authority the gentleman
says this amendment, if adopted, will haye the
