1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
effect of defeating the .passage of the bill. Why,
sir, there is no similarity between this amendment
and the one on which the quarrel between the
Senate and House grew up in the' last session.
That wasa peremptory requirement upon the part
of Congress, that the Postmaster General should
reestablish this service. And let me tell the gen-
tleman that two thirds of the members of the
House at the last session voted half a dozen times
for that amendment. _ Yes, sir, the members of
this House, representing the people, the men at
the cross-roads who are the sufferers from the
curtailment of the mail service—two thirdsof them
have voted half a dozen times for the absolute res-
toration of this service. It is true, that amend-
ment gave rise to a good deal of feeling. The
Postmaster General came into this House and en-
deavored personally to induce members of the
House to vote against it. Finally, as the last
sands of the session were running out, the amend-
ment was defeated by the act of a committee of
conference, and the House receded, I am sorry
to say, from the high position it had assumed in
defense of the rights of the people.
Sir, we are here ready to vote away millions
upon millions of dollars for almost everything;
but when you come to consider the question of
mail service upon the little routes for the benefit
of our constituents, you say the proposition must
not be adopted; and that the Senate will defeat the
whole appropriation bill, if it is.
Now, sir, X hope this amendment will be adopted.
It is simply saying to the Postmaster General,
"You shall examine these routes, one by one;
and shall determine in each case what the public
interest demands; and whether there shall be a
reestablishment of the mail service or not."
Mr. Chairman, I speak feelingly in this matter
in reference to my own district. In the last Con-
gress, I had some statistics prepared showing that,
m that district, the mail facilities were cut off to
some twenty-eight thousand dollars; yet that dis-
trict paid into the Treasury, beyond the expenses
of the post offices, a surplus of $22,000; while,
in ccrtain other districts in another part of the
country, not paying §4,000 into the Treasury, the
mail service was not curtailed or interfered with
at all.
Now, sir, I have heretofore been in favor of the
Congress of the United States—if this House of
Representatives would hold the purse-strings of
the nation—saying to the Postmaster General,
" You shall restore these routes, every one of
them;" but in the condition which the Treasury
is in at this time, I am willing to leave the matter
where this amendment leaves it, in the discretion
of the Postmaster General, after examining the
routes with reference to the wants of the people,
to restore them or not, as he may see proper.
But suppose the House refuse to adopt the
amendment, and a member comes before the Post-
master General and asks for the restoration of
service on a particular route; he will be told that
the matter has already been decided upon by the
Department; that the question has once been de-
termined, and that, accoiding to the rules that
govern the Department, he cannot take up the
ca^e.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from IlIinoMHoccupying as he docs a high
position in his party, whether he is prepared to
say the new Postmaster General will feel himself
bound by the action of his predecessor in this
respect?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ibeheve, by
the rules of the Department, when a matter has
once been decided, it is not to be reopened. It is
not considered as within the rules for one officer
to revise the opinions of his predecessor in regard
to these matters of business. I say, therefore,
that when a member of this House goes to the
Department and applies for a restoration of ser-
vice on a particular route, he will be told, "My
predecessor acted upon these routes;"and, if this
amendment shall be voted down, he will be told,
also, that " the House of Representatives also
sustained my predecessor in that action when the
matter was brought delibeiately before them;
tbey decided that there was to be no restoration
of mail service m the country."
Mr. MAYNARD. I made my inquiry a mo-
ment ago for the reason that, if it is to be under-
stood that the Postmaster General under the new
Administration is in no case to reexamine any
decision made by his predecessor, it will, in my
judgment, materially weaken confidence in the
new Administration.
Mr. GROW. Yes; there is a good deal that
requires reexamination.
Mr. PHELPS. I have yet to learn that the
Executive Departmentsact in the mannerindieated
by the gentleman from Illinois, in adjudicating
upon the matter of putting mail service upon the
post routes of the country. During my expe-
rience, from time to time, the Post Office Depart-
ment has refused to increase the service upon par-
ticular routes, and afterwards th.e service has been
increased; but never have I met with the objec-
tion that a particular Postmaster General declined
to increase the service upon a route because his
predecessor had so declined, or because the Post-
master General had previous to that time exam-
ined and decided the case. I submit, Mr. Chair-
man,thatthe Postmaster General has it nowinhis
power, if he desires, to increase the service upon
that route, if, in his judgment, the interest of the
publicdemandit. Butif this amendment be adopt-
ed, it will be construed by him into an instruction
to restore the service upon all those discontinued
routes under the action of the Postmaster General
in 1859, whether ltis requiied by the publicinter-
est or not.
This amendment was discussed during the last
session of Congress and came near leading to the
defeat of the Post Office appropriation bill at that
time; and I shall be sorry to sec any such amend-
ment placed upon this bill.
A new Administiation is soon to be organized,
and the gentleman from Illinois is one of the friends
and supporters of that Administration. If that
Administration act with partiality in deciding
upon questions like these, then it will be partial on
behalf of its political supporters and friends.
Therefore, sir, it seems to me that the gentleman
from Illinois is the last gentleman who, in advance,
ought to express distrust of the gentleman who
may occupy the position of Postmaster General
in the incoming Administration. I say that the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, which
is now pending, does exhibit distrust of the abil-
ity and the integrity of the person who is to fill
the office of Postmaster General for the next four
years.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I
think, with the gentleman from Illinois, that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has not read the amendment, or else he would not
make the objection he does. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have heard it read.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. This amendment
is scarcely akin to the amendment of tlie last ses-
sion of Congress, upon which the House and the
Senate differed so much. My colleague and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
forget that the amendment of the last session was
an absolute order upon the Postmaster General
to restore the routes that had been discontinued.
Mr. PHELPS I am aware that there is a dif-
ference of phraseology between the amendment
now pending and that adopted at the last session
of Congress. I give it as my opinion that, if this
amendment be adopted, it will be consirued as
mandatory upon the Postmaster General.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I can assure my
colleague that if the head of the incoming Admin-
istration shall select for Postmaster General a fair-
minded and reasonable gentleman, there will be
no such construction as that he states put upon
the amendment. If the President elect should
take, as I hope he will, my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Colfax,] I will be responsible that he will
never give the amendment any such construction.
The contest at the last session of Congress, I re-
member very well, was one between the Senate—
headed by the President and Postmaster General—
and this House, and the people who desired to
get their letters and papers by mail. 1 believe
that the amendment of the last session ought to
have been enacted into law. I believed then, as I
do now, that the service which has been discontin-
ued ought to be restored. When I heard the pend-
ing amendment read, I did not suppose that any
gentleman upon this floor, or any gentleman in the
United States, would object to having the matter
reviewed, and service restored wherever the pub-
lic interest and the condition of the Treasury
would permit it. I hope that the amendment will
be adopted, and that justice will be done the peo-
ple upon the inland routes which .'haVeibeen dis-
continued. . ... , i :
Mr. MAYNARD. It occurs to me, Mr.Chair-
man, that the amendment does .express-an opin-
ion of our own, instead of leaving the restoration
of service on any route that has been discontinued
to the. discretion of the Postmaster General , upon
an examination of all the facta broughtto his.tow-
tice. ■ I recollect that I applied to .the first Post*
master General under this Administration, to re-
store service upon a -cpost route in my1 district
which had been discontinued. After the fac^sof
the case had been presented, he declined to restore
the service. On the death of Governor Brown,
application was made to his successor. The case
was reopened, and, upon a reexamination, the ser-
vice was restored. I do not know why the De-
partment cannot do the same thing in reference to
every post route where service has been discon-
tinued. I think that we should leave it to the
discretion of the Post Office Departmenfto decide,
after a review of the facts in each case, whether
service shall be restored or not. . -
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment:
The Clerk read, as follows:
•And provided further. That this appiopriatlon is hereby
made on condition that the Postmaster General examine
and inquire for what compensation the round trip, and in
wluit description of steam-vessels as to structure, speed,
and dimension*, the United States maiis to and from San
Francisco, in California, and Shanghae, m China, monthly,
can be carried and delivered, and to report to the next Con-
gress at its opening Ills opinion thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that that amendment is not ger-
mane to my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, it seems to
me that the statement of the gentleman from Illi-
nois is a very extraordinary one. He alleges
that when the Department once decides against
restoring a service, the usage will not permit the
matter to be reopened for reexamination. That is a
mostextraordinary proposition, that in the chang-
ing business and population of this country a
Postmaster General cannot at any time determine,
under the necessities of the country, for or against
the restoration of any service without regard to
a previous decision of the Department made, on a
different state of facts. Certainly the gentleman
must be mistaken.
If the gentleman from Illinois shall accomplish
anything by the amendment which he proposes,
it will simply be to cast the imputation on the Post
Office Department that he has no confidence that
it will do its duty; or, in other words, that it has
to be spurred up to it by the action of the two
Houses. I am sorry that my friend from Illinois
should here, in advance, undertake to amend an
appropriation bill which does not take effect until
tne 1st of July next, in such a way as to indicate
a want of confidence ill the incoming Administra-
tion. I have heard rumors that there was dissat-
isfaction to the new Administration in certain
quarters; but the gentleman is the last one in whom
1 would have anticipated finding any such feeling.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
doubt that my advice, expressed through a vote
of the House in regard to the duty of a Postmas-
ter General, would be received, and that consid-
eration given to it to which it is entitled.
Mr. STANTON. I will not cast such an im-
putation upon the incoming. Administration as to
give any vote that will indicate that this House has
an apprehension that the Post Office Department
will not do its whole duty without o spccial and
extraordinary act of Congress.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I very much hope my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] will be ap-
pointed Postmaster Generaf, and 1 will cast no
such imputation upon him. I have no apprehen-
sion that anybody will be charged with the duties
of that Department who will need any such insti-
gation on the part of Congress. Whatever reason
there may have been for the adoption of the amend-
ment at the last session, when the Administration
had a year to run, there is none for it now; because
a change in the Post Office Department is unavoid-
able. There is no reason now to apprehend that
the Postmaster General next year will not do his
duty without this amendment.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr Chaii-
