1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Laws of the United States.
36TH Cong. .. . 2D SBSS-.
ico, to Key "West and back, when he failed to
depart, from or arrive ai any port named in his
contract with the mails at precisely " schedule
time,' - be, and the same are hereby, remitted; and
that the accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby,directed to settle his account,
and allow the amount of said fines and the bal-
ance due him on his contract; and that the same
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 23, 1861.
Chap. LI.—An Act for the Relief of James Floyd.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of James Floyd on the invalid pension
rolls of the United States, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, said pension to commence on the
twenty-eighth day of January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, and to continue during his natural
life.
Approved, February 23, 1861.
CuAr. LII.—An Act for the Relief of Mary Wal-
buch, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral John De B. "VValbach, of the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Mary Walbach,
widow of the late Brevet Brigadier General John
De B. Walbnch, on the pension roll, at the rate
of fifty dollars per month, commencing on the
tenth day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, for and during her natural life
Approved, February 23, 1861.
Chap.LIII.—An Act for the Relief of Azel Spald-
ing.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Azel Spald-
ing, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, two hundred and twenty-six
dollars and sixty-nine cents,being two per centum
on moneys disbursed by him as pension agent in
the year eighteen hundred and forty-one.
Approved, February 23, 18G1.
Chap. LIV.—An Act for the Relief of Captain
Alexander V. Frazer.
Be it enaetcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed, out ol
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to allow and pay to Alexander V. Frazer
the sum of three thousand nine hundred and
twenty dollars, being an allowance of thirty-five
cents a ration upon eleven thousand two hundred
rations furnished by him to the Government for
the crew of the United States revenue cutter Law-
rence in the year eighteen hundred and forty-
nine.
Approved, February 23, 18G1.
Ciiap. LV.—An Act for the Relief of Samuel
Perry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Anurieain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Samuel Peiry
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of six hundred and thirty-
eight dollars and ninety-eight cents, it being the
amount which was improperly deducted from his
freight for the transportation of Indian supplies
in the year eighteen hundred and thirty seven, a
portion of which were lost by the sinking of a flat-
boat.
Approved, February 23, 1861.
Chap. LXI1.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas
Chittenden.
Be it cnaeled by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
New Series—No. 23.
and he is hereby, required to place the name of
Thomas Chittenden, of the State of Wiscbnsi 11, on
the roll of invalid pensioners, at ihe rate of eight
dollars per month-, si^id pension to commence on
tlie first day of January, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-eight, and to continue during his
natural life.
Approved, February 28, 1861.
Ciiap. LXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Messrs.
Coale & Barr.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to Messrs.
Coale & Barr the sum of two hundred and four
dollars, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, ill full payment for pub-
lishing the laws of the second session of theThirty-
second Congress in the Abingdon Virginian.
Approved, March 1, 1861.
Chap.LXIV.—An Actfor the Relief of Augustus
I-I. Evans.
Be it enaclcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money ill
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Augustus II. Evans, the sum of eight hundred
dollars in full for his services as clerk, in the State
of Missouri, during the years eighteen hundred
and thirty-five and eighteen hundred and thirty-
six.
Approved, March 1, 1861.
Chap. LXV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Prentis Chanipiuin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United Slates of America in Congiess
assembled, That the SecieLuy of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authouxed and instructed to
place the name of Prentis Champlain on the in-
valid pension rolls of the United States, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on the
twenty-third day of March, eighteen Hundred and
sixty, and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, March 1, 1861.
Chap. LXXXIX—An Act for the Relief o£
Richard Chenery.
Be it enacted by the 'Senate and house of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in' Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of Customs b®,
and ho is hereby, directed to settle the account of
Richard Chenery, assignee of Horace P. Russ,.
for the construction by the latter of the granite
paving on Battery street, in front of the united
States custom-house, atSan Francisco, and to pay
him such sum as may be shown to be legally and
equitably due out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, The said
sum shall not exceed three thousand eight hun-
dred and ninety dollars.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. XC.—An Act for the Relief of William
Sutton.
Be it enacted by ihe Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of Ihe United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of William Sutton on the roll of invalid
pensioners, and cause him to be paid the sum of
six dollars per month, to commence from and
after the fifth day of February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, and to continue during the period
of his natural life.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Ciiap. XCI.—An Act granting a Pension to Jane
Yates.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Jane Yates on the invalid pension
rolls 6f the United States, at the rate of four dol-
lars per month; said pension to commence on the
first day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty,
and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Ciiap. LXVI.—An Act to confirm a certain
Private Land Claim in the Territory of New
Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the private hind claim in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico,as recommended for con-
firmation by tiie surveyor general of that Terri-
tory, and in his report to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, of November twenty-fourth,
eighteen hundred and sixty, designated as num-
ber forty-three, be, and the same is hereby, con-
firmed : Provided, That the foi egoi ng confirmation
shall only be construed as quit claim or relinquish-
ment, on the part of the United States, and shall
not affect the adveise rights of any other person
or persons whomsoever.
Approved, March 1, 1861.
Ciiap. LXVI 1.—An Act for the Relief of Gieen-
bury M. Watkms, of Montgomeiy County, ;
Maryland. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep re- j
sentatives of the United States oj'Amei icain Congress i
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General j
Land Office be, and lie is hereby, authorized and j
required to cancel the, patent issued m the name i
of Thomas Stewart for the northeast quarter of t
section twenty-five, in township eight, of range j
nineteen, m the district of lands subject to sale at ,
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, bearing date the first j
day of October, A. D. eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, and numbered one hundred and ninety-eight; j
and that said Commissioner be, arid he isheieliy, j
authorized and directed to issue a patent for the ;
said northeast quartei of section twr nty-five, in ;
township eight, of rage nineteen, to Gtcenbury j
M. WAtkins, of Montgomery county, Maryland,
as the assignee of the said Stewart.
Approved, March 1, 1861. <
Ciiap. XCII.—An Act granting an Invalid Pen-
sion to Charles Appleton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House if Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congre'ss
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Charles Appleton on the invalid pen-
sion rolls of the United States, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty, and to
continue during his lifetime.
5 Approved, March 2, 18G1.
Ciiap. XCIII.—An Actfor the Relief of John Y.
Sew ell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates oj America in Congress
assembled, That John Y. Sewell, for services in
the restoration of the United States mail lost from
the steamer Southerner on the coast of Washing-
ton Territory, and for expenses incurred in ob-
taining the same from the Indians who had it in
their possession, be, and he is hereby, allowed
the sum of one thousand dollars, in lull for his
claim therefor, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Ciiap. XCIV.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ojlke United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Commissionerof Pensions be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to piaco
the name of Mrs. Mary Ann Henry, of Pennsyl-
vania, widow of the late Captain Henry Henry,
of the United States Navy, on the naval pension
roll, at the rate of twenty dollars per month, to
commence from the first January, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, the date of her application,
and to continue during her life, unless she shall
again marry, in which case the pension shall cease
from the date of said marriage.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
