APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
36th Coxa....2d Sess.
Latva of the United Stales.
Cn&v. XCV.—An Act for tlie Relief of Simon de
Visscr and Jose Villnrubia, of New Orleans.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative-! of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Tlint Simon de Visser and Jose villa-
rubia, jr., merchants of New Orleans, be, and
they are hereby, released from the paymentof all
claims, penalties, and forfeitures which may le-
gally exist against them, in favor of the United
States, arising out of frauds committed in the
custom-house of New Orleans by one Charles
Meteye, they having been judicially declared to
be entirely innocent of said frauds; and especially
[that] they be released from the penalties and for-
feitures claimed by reason of said frauds in two
suits now pe nding in the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the eastern district of Louisiana, in
which the United States are plaintiffs, and said
de Visser and Villarubia arc defendants: Provided,
That the said defendants shall pay all costs in-
curred in said suits, and that the rights of the
United States against said Charles Meteye be,
and they are hereby, expressly reserved: At id
provided farther, That the intent and meaning of
Urn act shall in no case be construed into a release
of the said Simon de Visser and Jose Villarubia
of or from any duties justly chargeable upon the
goods and merchandise entered in their behalf by
the said Charles Meteye, in the absence of any
fraud attempted or committed m their entry by
the said Meteye.
Approved, March 2, 18G1.
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
Eliza B. Mills, widow of Robert Mills, the sum
of five hundred dollars, in paymentfor services of
the said Robert Mills as architect in preparing
and furnishing plans and estimates for a marine
hospital at New Orleans, and a public printing
office in the city of Washington.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap.C.—An Act for the Relief of Henry Rice.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Henry Rice, the sumof ten thousand five
hundred and thirty-nine dollars and eighty-eight
cents, being a repayment to him of that sum paid
by him into the Treasury as and for duties upon
goods imported into Castine, while in possession
of the British forces; the same not being by law
subject to the payment of duty, under the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
ctjap. XCVI.—An Act for the Relief of John H.
Wheeler.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to John H. Wheeler, late minister residentof the
United States at Nicaragua, the sum of five thou-
sand seven hundred and fifteen dollars and twenty
ccnts, in full for losses by exchange, for property
destroyed at Granada, expenses incurred in taking
testimony at San Juan de! Norte, and for relief
extended to distressed American citizens crossing
the Isthmus during the intei vai between Octobei,
ci^h'een hundred and fifty-four, ami October, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. XCVII.—An Act for the Relief of Katli-
erine K. Russell.
De it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of Ike United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the name of Kntherine Kirby
Russell be, and the same is hereby, placed upon
tho pension list of the United States of America.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnactcd, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, di-
rected to pay to said Katherine K. Russell the
sum of twenty-five dollars per month, and this
sum to commence and to be computed from anil
after the first day of January, eighteen hundred
and liftjr-five, and the same to continue during her
widowhood.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. XCYIIf.—An Act for the Relief of Leslie
Combs and Robert II. Crittenden, Sureties of
the late A. ,T. Mitchell, Purser in the United
States Navy.
lit it inacted by the Senate and House of Riprc-
eenlatlves of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That Leslie Combs and Robert H. Crit-
tenden be, and they are hereby, relieved from all
liability as sureties of the late Purser A. J. Mitch-
ell, United States Navy, on account of any bal-
nik'c found due to the United States from said
Mitchell, upon the settlement of his accounts as
ptnser of the United States steamer Michigan,
and that any judgment based upon such liabilities
be, and the same is hereby, released.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. CI.—An Act granting a Pension to Eliza
M. Plympton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Eliza M. Plympton,
widow of the late Colonel Joseph Plympton, of
the United States Army, oil the pension roll, at
the rate of thirty dollars a month, from the fifth
' day of June, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty, for and during her natural life.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. CII.—An Act to enable the Trustees of
the Bluemont College to preempt a certain Quar-
ter Section of Land, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative: of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following persons, Isaac
Goodnow, S. D. Houston, Washington Marlatt,
Charles E. Blood, Joseph Dennison, William H.
MeCollom, John Paulson, John Pipher, and John
Kimball, trustees of the liluemont College Asso-
ciation, he, and they are hereby, empowered to
enter at the proper land office the following de-
scribed quarter section of land, to wit:
The southwest quarter of section twelve, (12,)
township ten south, of range seven east, in the
district of lands subject to sale at Junction City,
in Kansas Tern'ory, for the use and benefit of
the said college association; the said property to
be held exclusively for the benefit of the said col-
j lege, and to be regulated or disposed of under
S such rules and regulations as the Legislature of
; the Territory or State may prescribe.
I Afprovf.d, March 2, 1861.
Chap. CIII.—An Act for the Relief of Taylor
Dudley, of Minnesota.
Be -it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Untied Slatesof Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and lie hereby is, authorized and directed to pay
to Taylor Dudley, of Benton county, Minnesota,
the sum of three hundred and seventy dollars, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
i appropriated, the same being due the said Dud-
' ley for services as clerk of the United States dis-
trict court for the second and third judicial dis-
tricts of the late Territory of Minnesota.
Approved, March 2, 1861
C'nAr. XCIX.—An Act for the Relief of Eliza B.
Mills, widow of Robert Mills.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there bo paid, out of any money
Chap. CIV.—An Act for the confirmation of the
title to the Saline Lands ill Jackson County,
State of Illinois, to D. H. Brush and others
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the title to all the lands sold as
saline lands ill Jackson county, State of Illinois,
j as follows, to D. H. Brush and others, namely:
To D. H. Brush, the northwest, northeast, and
southwest quarters of the southwest quarter of
section eight, township nine, of range twos south-
west and southeast quarters of the northeast
quarter, northwest and northeast quarters of the
southeast quarter, southeast quarter of the south-
west quarter, and southwest and southeast quar-
ters of the southeast quarter of section one, town-
ship nine, of range three: to Edward Holden,
the northeast, southeast, northwest, and south-
west quarters of the southeast quarter of section
seven, township nine, of range two; northwest,
southwest, and northeast quarters of the north-
west quarter of section one, township nine, of
range three: to Joseph Sorrels, the northwest
and northeast quarters of the southwest quarter
of section seven, township nine, of range two:
to Daniel Worthern, the southwest quarter of
the southwest quarter of section seven, township
nine, of range two; northeast quarter of the north-
west quarter, and northwest quarter of the north-
east quarter of section one, township nine, of
range three: to William Q,ualls, the southeast
quarter of the southwest quarter of section eight,
township nine, of range two: to William Wool-
sey, the southeast quarter of the southeast quar-
ter of section seven, township nine, of range two:
to Richard Worthen, the west half of the north-
west quarter of the southwest quarter of section
one, township nine, of range three: to George
Elmore, the northwest and 'northeast quarters of
the northwest quarter, and southeast quarter of
the southwest quarter of section thirty-five, town-
ship eight, of range three: to Alexander Morris,
the southwest and southeast quarters of the north-
east quarter of section thirty-five, township eight,
of range three: to Doctor Logan, tho northwest
quarter of the northwest quarter of section thirty-
one, township eight, of range two: to John G.
Sparks, the northwest and northeast quarters of
the southeast quarter of section thirty-one, town-
ship eight, of range two: to Stephen Holliday,
the southwest quarter of the southeast quarter of
the southeast quarter of section thirty-one, town-
ship eight, of range two: to Isaac "Morgan, the
southwest quarter of the northwest quaiter of sec-
tion thirty-five, township eight, of range three:
to A. Crow, the northeast quarter of the north-
east quarter of section one, township nine, of
range three: to William Woolsey, the northeast
quarter of the northwest quarter, and the north-
west quarter of tho northeast quarter of section
thirty-one, township eight, of range two: to T.
M. Logan, the northeast and southwest quarters
of the northeast quarter of section thirty-one,
township eight, of range two: to Edwartl Hol-
den, the southwest quarter of the northwest qu.ir-
ter, and the northwest and northeast quarters of
the southwest quarter of section thirty-one, town-
ship eight, of range two: to John Logan, the
southwest and southeast quarters of the southwest
quarter of section thirty-one, township eight, of
range two: to Cyrus Thomas, the northeast quar-
ter of the northwest quarter of section thirty-
one, township eight, of range two: to Edward
Holden, the southwest quarter of the northwest
quarter, and the northeast and northwest quar-
ters of the southwest quarter of section thirty-
one, township eight, of range two: to Hall Neil-
son, the southwest quarter, and east half of the
northwest quarter of the southwest quarter of
section one, township nine, of range three: to
Richard Worthen, the southwest quarter of the
northeast quarter of section thirty-five, township
eight, of range three: and to John Sorrels, the
northeast quarter of the northeast quarter of sec-
tion thirty-five, township eight, of range three, be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed to the several
purchasers herein mentioned, (from the county
of Jackson, and State of Illinois,) and be as valid
as if originally purchased from the United States
of America.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chap. CV.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas G.
Corbin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj Americain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury pay to Lientenan t Thomas G. Cor-
bin, United States Navy, the sum of two hundred
and ninety-three dollars and fifteen cents, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Appnovpn, March 2, 1861.
