1861.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong....2d Siss.
C i ap. c VI.—An Act for the Relief of Daniel B.
Hibbard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJlmerieain Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Daniel
B. Hibbard, the sum of eight hundred and th.rty
dollars, in full compensation for his services in
transporting the United States moil between the
villages of St. Johns and Lyons, in the State of
Michigan, under his agreement with the deputy
postmaster at said St. Johns.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
Chaf. CVII.—An Act for the Relief of Lewis
Warrington, PaymasterUnited SLatesNavy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmerieain Congress j
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, author-
ized and directed, in the settlement of the accounts
of Lewis Warrington, as paymaster of the Pensa-
cola navy yard, where the proper vouchers can-
not he produced, to receive and allow statements
verified by his oath, of expenditures or losses in-
curred in consequence of the forcible seizure and
detention of the papers and propeity of the Guv-
ernment at said yard by the military of the State
of Florida: Provided, That the Secretary of the
Kaiy shall be satisfied that said Warrington's
vouchers are improperly withheld from him.
Approved, March 2, 1861.
Chip. CVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Com-
mander Thomas J.Page, United States Navy.
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Ame ricain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be authorized and directed to allow
to Commander Thomas J. Page, of the United
States Navy, m the adjustmenl of his accounts as
purserof the United States steamer Water Witch,
credi t for certain suspended items of said accounts,
not to exceed the sum of three hundred and fifty-
four dollars and forty-six cents.
Approved, March 2, 18G1.
Ciiap. CIX.—An Act for the Relief of Hockaday
and Ligget.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJlmerieain Congress
assembled, That the sum of forty thousand dollais
be allowed to Hockaday and Ligget, in full pay-
ment for damages sustained by them in reduction
of pay for carrying the mails on route number
eight thousand nine hundred and eleven, and that
said amount be paid to William Ligget for and
on account of Hockaday and Ligget, and for then-
benefit, out of any moneys in the Treasury of the
United States not otherwise appropi lated.
[Signed] WM. PENNINGTON,
iSpeaker of the House of Representatives.
[.Signed] JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,
CVice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
Indorsed by the President:
"Received, Saturday, February 16, lbfal.
No. 3.—A Resolution for the Relief of Lieutenant
John C. Carter.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, hi the settlementof the accounts of
Lieutenant John C. Carter, of the United States
Navy, be,and they are hereby,authorized and di-
rected to allow him the sum provided in the joint
resolution of Congress approved February thir-
teen, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, for such
expenses as were incurr^l by him whilst acting
as purser on board the 3hip Massachusetts while
undergoing repairs at San Francisco, California,
deducting therefrom the sum which has been paid
or allowed him on account of the same since the
date of the passage of the aforesaid joint resolu-
tion: Provided, The same shall not exceed the
sum of mnehundredand fifty-five dollars and thir-
ty-six cents.
Approved, January 23, 1861.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution extending the time for
taking Testimony on the application of Cyrus
II. McCormick, for the extension of his Patent.
lie it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJlmerieain Congress
assembled, That the further time of ninety days
he given to parties interested in resisting the ex-
tension of the patent of Cyrus H. McCormick,
for his patent reaper, or his improvements or
modifications of the same, to enable them to take
testimony in opposition to said extension, to be
used before the Commissioner of Patents, on the
hearing'of the application of said McCormick for |
an extension of said Patent.
ArruovED, February 9, 1861.
No. 6.—Joint Resolution for (he Benefit of Diivall
and Biothers.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Un ited States of Amei ica in Congress ,
| assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasui y be, j
: and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay |
to Duvall and Biothcis, nieiehant t.nlois in the ;
city of Washington, assignees ot R. A. Davidge, j
the amount of money appropriated for the benefit
of said Davidge, by an act of Congress approved
eighteenth February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine.
Approved, Februuiy 13, 1861.
No. 7.—Joint Resolution directing the Account-
ing Officers of the Treasury to settle the Ac-
counts of the late Robert Stockton, Quarter-
master, and so forth.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are here-
by, directed to settle the accounts of the late Robert
Stockton, of New Jersey, an assistant quarter-
master and forage master in the war of the Rev-
olution, and pay to his legal heirs and representa-
tives such sum or sums as may be shown due upon
i sufficient proof of his service as quartermaster
aforesaid, out of any money in the Treasuiy not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, Febmary 16, 1861.
No. 8.—Joint Resolution authorizing the proper
Accounting Officers of the Treasury to revise
and adjustthe Account ofjohn Randolph Clay,
United States Minister to Peru.
Be it resolved, by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the "fJnited States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers Of
the Treasury be authorized and required to revise
and adjust the account of John Randolph Clay,
as minister to Peru.
Approved, February 20, 1861.
No. 10.—A Resolution to repeal the Joint Reso-
lution approved June fifteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, for the Relief of William H.
Degroot.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the 'United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the joint resolution, approved
June fifteen, eighteen hundred and sixty, for the
relief of William H. Degroot, be, and the same
is hereby, re pealed; and that the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, directed to transmit all the
papers in his Department relating to the case of
the said William H. Degroot to the Court of
Claims for examination.
Approved, February 21, 1861.
No. 19.—Joint Resolution repealing a Resolution
relating to the Claim of George Fisher, late of
Florida, deceased, approved June one, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stutes of America in Congress
assembled, That a resolution entitled " A resolu-
tion relating to the claim of George Fisher, late
of Florida, deceased,"passed at the first session
of this Congiess, and approved June one, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, be, and the same is here-
by, rescinded, and the same, and all proceeding!
under it, are hereby made null and void.
ArruovED, Maich 2, 1861.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution for the Benefit of
George II. Giddings.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That George H. Giddings be paid for
services on that portion of the route eight thou-
sand and seventy six lying between El Paso rind
San Antonio, in accordance with Uie orderof Post-
master General A. V. Brown, ol Octobei twen ty-
thirtl, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, after de-
ducting whatever has been received thereon up to
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, on
proof being furnished that the tups have been
performed. The said amount to be paid on the
certificate of the Postmaster General , out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated; and to be accepted by the said Giddings m
fail for all claims of service and damage thereon
against the United States.
[Signed] WM. PENNINGTON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
[Signed] JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate,
Indorsed by the President:
"Received, 18th Febr
uary, 1861.'
