1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which, the bill was passed, and also movedyto
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. '
STATE Of THE UNION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now withdraw the motion
to postpone tNhe special order.
The House then, as the regular order of busi-
ness, resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the report of the select committee of
thirty-three upon the present disturbed state of
the country, on which Mr. Vandever was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. YANDEVER. Mr. Speaker, it is with
no small reluctance that I obtrude myself upon
the attention of the House at this time; but the
important issues depending, and the large interests
which the constituency that I represent, in com-
mon with the whole American people, have in
these issues, impel me to lay aside all scruples
and state some of the considerations which will
control me in the vote that I may soon be called
upon to cast. I believe this is the first time in
our history when we have been called upon to
sanction the incorporation of new guarantees for
slavery in the Constitution. I desire to say—
and I believe I express the opinion of the peo-
ple that I represent when I say, that I am for
maintaining ali the conditions in the bond as our
fathers nominated it But this demand for new
guarantees is made, upon pain of a dissolution
of the Union if it shall be refused. This we
have heard in the discussion upon this floor, and
elsewhere. Now, sir, whatever might be the dic-
tates of my own judgment in reference to this
matter, it seems to me that compliance under the
circumstances would not be a free act; it would
at all events, to some considerable extent, bo re-
garded as a concession under menaces and con-
straint; and coercion I understand is what gentle-
men on the other side very much deprecate.
But, sir, in addition to this, I call attention to
the declarations which have been recently made
in the public journals, and which 1 believe have
been repeated upon this floor, that unless these
demands are assented to, we may reasonably ex-
pect that the incoming Administration will be
crippled for want of money to carry on the Gov-
ernment; that the men who hold the purse-strings,
those who control capital, will withhold supplies
from the Government in this the day of its neces-
sity Sir, I believe I speak the sentiment of the
people of the Northwest when I say, calmly and
deliberately, that we are not to be intimidated by
threats or influenced by bribes. A patriotic con-
stituency,in the Stateoflowa, will faith fully fulfill
and observe all their constitutional obligations;
they will observe all the guarantees in the Con-
stitution as it exists to-day; but neither traitors
nor Shylocks shall exact from us more.
Sir, the issue now presented in this demand for
new guarantees for slavery was, but a few short
months since, settled by a verdict of the Ameri-
can people. In May last, a national Democratic
convention assembled in the city of Charleston,
South Carolina, and, as we all know, this demand
was made there, and rejected. We know that a
portion of the committee on resolutions in that
body reported favoring new guarantees and pro-
tection for slavery in the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. These resolutions were voted down,
and thereupon the advocates of new guarantees
and of the protection of slavery withdrew from
that convention, and nominated a ticket of their
own. The remaining portion of that convention,
being a majority of it, declined to indorse any such
monstrous doctrine. Afterwards, at Baltimore,
they nominated a separate ticket, and the two
factions of the party went before the country upon
that issue. A few months later, the issue was
settled by the people at the polls, and the claim for
new guarantees repudiated by them, as it had
previously been in the Charleston convention.
The revolutionary cabal, as it has since turned ;
out to be, thus foiled, received at the polls, for
its candidate and platform, in November, less than
nine hundred thousand ^ votes throughout the
length and breadth of this whole country; while
that faction of the Democratic party which re- j
mained in possession of the convention, and !
which subsequently nominated as its candidate i
for President the honorable Senatorfrom Illinois,
received something less than one million four
hundred thousand votes. Thus this claim for
new guarantees and protection was rejected by
the Democratic party at the polls, as well as in
convention. But this is not all; for if you add
to that the vote of the so-called Union men, the
supporters of the Bell-Everett ticket, who went
to the country on " the Constitution, the Union,
and the enforcement of the laws," declining to
sanction the demand made by the minority por-
tion of the Democratic party, but resting them-
selves upon an especial hostility to the claims of
that faction, and charging it before the southern
people with a design to break up this Union;
when you add their vote to the vote of the con-
trolling section of the Democratic party, you will
find that the men who claim new constitutional
guarantees were in a minority, even in the South
itself. Their claim was not only rejected in the
Democratic convention and in the country at
large, but itwas repudiated by their own section.
And when you superadd to all this the whole vote
cast for Abraham Lincoln, it will be found that,
of the four million votes cast, not one fifth were
in favor of this claim of a faction for new guar-
antees for slavery in the Territories of the Uni-
ted States.
Such is the verdict of the American people; yet
the issueisagain presented to us on the floor of this
House, and in the other end of the Capitol, as
though the perpetuity of the Union now depended
on our yielding to the current and granting the
demand of those men who have failed to procure
an indorsement of the people.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man from Iowa permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. YANDEVER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man whether the doctrines of the Chicago plat-
form have not been repudiated by nearly a mil-
lion majority of the American people?
Mr. VANDEVER. The gentleman can him-
self enlighten the House on that particular point,
if he desires to do so; but that is not within the
line of my argument. Mr. Lincoln, like many
other Presidents, has only a plurality of all the
votes cast.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I prefer that the
gentleman himself should answer the question.
The line of his argument is, that he ought to ad-
here to the Chicago platform, because only a mi-
nority of the people were m favor of the demand
to protect slavery in the Territories.
Mr. VANDEVER I have said nothing about
the Chicago platform.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man whether a majority oV the people of the coun-
try have not, by their votes, repudiated the Chi-
cago platform?
Mr. VANDEVER. I have not said anything
about the Chicago platform.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. But 1 wish to bring
you to that very point.
Mr. VANDEVER. I have been paying my
respects to the Democracy 1 will soon reach the
Republican side ofthe question. Now, as I said,
this revolutionary cabal, as it has since turned out
to be, when it retired from the Charleston con-
vention 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. May I be allowed,
Mr. Speaker, to interrupt the gentleman?
Mr. VANDEVER. Yes, if it will not come
out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It must come out ofthe gen-
tleman's time, unless it is otherwise specially
stipulated.
Mr. VANDEVER. Then I cannot give way.
Mr. RUST. There is no objection on this side
to the gentleman having his time made up
The SPEAKER. Interruptions must come out
of the gentleman's time.
Mr. VANDEVER. Then I must decline, un-
less the gentleman thinks I have misstated the
facts.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I only wish to
correct the gentleman's statement as to a matter
of fact.
Mr. VANDEVER. I always give way for
correction.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
has undertaken to state the question on which the
convention that nominated the Democratic candi-
date for President divided. I was in that conven-
tion, aS a southern man. I'voted finally for'the
nomination of Judge Douglas. The question of
the protection of slaVeryin the Territories seems-
not to be well understood by the gentleman'from
Iowa. It was a mooted question in. that cbnyeti;-
tion whether the Constitution carried slavery ihto
the Territories, or whether s1av*ery was a local
institution. Those who supported Judge "Doug-
las preferred to leave that matter to the people;
sonde of us1 holding that, under the Constitution,
we had a right to carry slaves into the Territories;
and some holding that it depended on local legis-
lation . The gentleman, therefore, is in error when
he supposes that this issue was made in that con-
vention. There was no such issue. As a matter
of propriety, as a matter of safety, as a matter of
policy, we wanted protection by the Constitution
The Crittenden proposition is to give that protec-
tion, and to give quiet to the country North and
South on that great question.
Mr. VANDEVER. I do not think the gen-
tleman has varied the proposition materially from
what I stated it to be. I think the countryis well
satisfied to-day as to what was the proposition o*f
the minority at the Charleston convention. It
was based on the resolutions introduced by the
Senator from Mississippi, in the Senate of the
United States. Mr. Calhoun himself made the
same demand for specific protection and guaran-
tees for slave property in the Territories, which
no other property had. My friend from Missouri
says he was in favor of leaving it to the people
of the Territory; but the minority of the Charles-
ton convention would leave it neither to the peo-
ple nor to Congress; but claimed that it was guar-
antied to them independent of the people and
Congress of the United States. I am justified,
therefore, in making the declaration, that the
turning point in that convention was on the ques-
tion of protecting slavery in the Territories, re-
gardless of the wishes of the people ofthe Terri-
tory, or the power of Congress to exclude it.
I now come back to the point at which I was
interrupted. The issue having been thus fairly
made to the country; having been decided against
slavery protectionists in their own section, in
theirown Democratic convention, being in a hope-
less minority in the country, these men now seek
to present this question again for our considera-
tion. Since the election they have been busily at
work, by their insidious wiles and misrepresent-
ations.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask, in all cour-
tesy, to interrupt the gentleman.
Mr. VANDEVER. I cannot give way
Mr HARRIS, of Virginia. I want to ask the
gentleman one question.
Mr. VANDEVER. Objection has been made
to the extension of my time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Iowa states that a large majority of the Dem-
ocratic party refused 
Mr. VANDEVER. I cannot yield. I have
submitted the facts on which I base my judgment
The gentleman may not come to the same conclu-
sion that I came to. This minority, I say, having
succeeded in breaking up the Democratic conven-
tion, and shattering into fragments the Demo-
cratic party, now turn their attention to breaking
up the Government. By their most insidious
wiles and misrepresentations, they have succeeded
in firing the southern heart with enmity to the
people of the North, and hostility to the Govern-
ment. And now what do they ask? Why, only
that the majority shall submit to the minority.
If that policy is to be pursued, they may, with
just as much propriety, ask that the joint action
of the two Houses of Congress, had the day before
yesterday, shall be reconsidered, and that the
name of Abraham Lincoln, of Illinois, shall be
stricken from the record, and that of John C.
Breckinridge, of Kentucky, inserted in its place,
as the choice of the American people for Presi-
dent of the United States for four years from the
4th of March next. For myself, I have to say-
that if the Union is only to be preserved on such
terms, it can never be preserved by my vote. 1
never will consent to have that flag which floats
from the dome above our heads—the stars and
stripes'—struck to the pitiful flag of a secession
niinoiity. Those with whom I stand, the patri-
otic Union-lovmg men of this country, planted
on the impregnable position of right, will stand
there though they should be but a handful against
