1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
motive of all the States. If Louisiana, or Florida,
or any other State, finds it to be her interest to
remain, then she will do so; and if not, she will
secede. Any factious community, under the ad-
mitted right of secession, might withhold from all
the other States the enjoyment of the advantages
of a union*, because she was unwilling to accept
them herself. It seems to me that, superadded
to ail the pelicans, crocodiles, snakes, and other
descriptions of reptiles adopted as the insignia of
such a dissolving-view confederacy, there should
be a portrayal of the dog in the manger of the old
fable.
I know that it is objected by our friends on the
other side of the House that, in the position we
assume, we do not recognize the sovereignty of
the States. Now, sir, I desire to make a distinct
declaration that there is no State in this Union
that ever did, in the whole period of her past his-
tory, possess one single particle of distinct sov-
ereignty or distinct nationality. There is no sep-
arate sovereignty. All the sovereignty that any
State of this Union,excepting,it may be, the State
of Texas, ever had, it derived from and through
the Union. We know very well that even after
the annexation of the State of Texas, her sover-
eignty had to be vindicated in a long and bloody
war between th.e United States and Mexico.
Let us, for a moment, appeal to history. What
were the thirteen States originally? Nothing
more than colonial dependencies of Grreat Britain.
Every one must admit that. But the oppressions
of the mother country became intolerable, and the
people of these thirteen colonies formed a Union.
Unitedly they resisted the aggressions of the
mother country; unitedly they declared their in-
dependence, "that of right they were free and
independent;" and united, they waged a long and
fierce war against Great Britain, which was finally
closed by a recognition of that independence which
has ever since been the pride and boast of the
American people.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to call his attention to a fact that he seems to
forget. The treaty between Great Britain and the
colonies merely recognized the independence of
each one of the thirteen colonics by name. It did
not recognize our independence as a nation or a
league.
Mr. VANDERVER. These United States did
not separately negotiate with the mother country.
Unitedly they declared their independence, and
unitedly they negotiated the terms of the treaty.
The same authority that commissioned George
Washington to lead the armies of the United Col-
onies, authorized the commissioners to treat with
the mother country for the independence of the
United States of America; and when in the treaty
of peace the colonies were enumerated, it was for
the purpose of recognizing and acknowledging
their united independence, and not their separate
national existences. The allegiance the colonies
owed to Great Britain, was thus transferred to the
United States of America.
Now, sir, what was the next step? After the
acknowledgment of our independence, for the pur-
pose of forming a more peifect Union, the Con-
stitution of the United States was ordained. By
whom ? It was ordained in the name of the peo-
ple of the United States. The very men who had
put their hands to the Declaration of our Inde-
pendence a few years before, pledging their lives
and their sacred honor to maintain it; the men
who, by their heroic deeds in battle, and their
moderation and firmness in council, had achieved
our liberties nnd our right to be a separate and in-
dependent nation, then gathered themselves in
council again, and framed a Constitution which
was ordained in the name of the people of the Uni-
ted States. I say, then, that every particle of sov-
ereignty which any one of those thirteen original
States has to-day was derived through the Union,
and from no other source whatever. The alle-
giance which they once owed to the mother coun-
try was transferred to the United States; and
they owe their allegiance to-day to the United
Stares. , , •
Now, I submit, if we shall consent to this dis-
memberment, and acknowledge their independ-
ence of this United States Government, how know
we but that England may claim to have some
interest in these absconding States?_ Why, sir,
one of the conditionsofthe treaty which acknowl-
edged our independence was that the navigation
of the Mississippi river should forever remain
free. How know we, if the independence of the
States which have gone out shall be acknowl-
edged, but that France or Spain may have some-
thing to say in reference to that matter, because
they, too, have an interest in the navigation of the
Mississippi river? They may claim that their
sovereignty reattaches, because their cession was
made to the United States of America. Think
you that England is going to consent to any se-
rious interruption of her trade and commerce with
the people living upon the headwaters of that
great stream ? Will she consent that a colony of
freebooters, to call them by no more opprobrious
term, shall exercise control over the mouth of
that river, even should the United States relin-
quish its jurisdiction? I commend these con-
siderations to the attention of all whom it may
concern.
Now, what is the pretext for this crusade against
the Union, which, I must be permitted to say, is
one of the most treasonable and wicked under-
takings ever projected against this or any other
Government, and which I honestly believe de-
serves, and will receive, the just judgment of Hea-
ven upon the heads of its guilty authors? What
is the pretext? That a party has succeeded in
electing a President of the United States—a party
that believes in the ancient policy of restricting
slavery in temtories. There is no claim of a
right to interfere with or attack slavery in the
States. Such design is expressly disclaimed and
condemned by all parties. But in reference to
the common domain, we are in favor of the an-
cient policy. Our opponents ask us to consent to
incorporate into the Constitution new guarantees
which shall reverse the past action of the Gov-
ernment, and if we do not, they threaten to break
up the Government.
Let me call the attention of gentlemen to the
condition of the Territories when we formed this
Constitution. From the Northwestern Territory,
out of which has been carved so many States,
slavery was excluded by the act of the Govern-
ment. That restrictive policy was adopted before
the Constitution. Who consented to it? The
people of Virginia. The statesmen of Virginia
of that day sanctioned that policy, if at that day
they saw no good reason for not consenting to the
ratification of the Constitution merely because
slavery was not protected or guarantied in the
Territories of the United States, why should such
guarantee and protection be made a condition for
the continuance of the Union now? The ordi-
nance of 1787 excluded slavery from the North-
west. The new Constitution did not remove the
restriction, and nobody then thought that it
should. A Constitution guarantying the right
to extend slavery into Territories would then
have been rejected by men of al! parties. I see
no good reason for changing that policy.
Virginia ceded the Northwest Territory to the
United States, and she had a special reason for
agreeing to the exclusion of slavery therefrom.
We had just emerged from that revolutionary
struggle in which she had made great sacrifices.
She had become impoverished by the sacrifices
made to achieve our liberties. Many old Virginia
families, with a numerous progeny growing up
around them, impoverished by the burdens of the
Revolution, looked to the Northwest as a field
for enterprise upon which their offspring, reared
in refinement, might retrieve their broken for-
tunes. At home, 44 labor was despised because
performed by slaves," as Mr. Mason expressed
it; and with the yearning tenderness of a mother,
Virginia determined to redeem that territory from
the blight of slave labor, regarding it as the heri-
tage of her own children.
it is such a policy and such an example which
the Republican party of to-day propose to emu-
late and follow.
Mr. Hammond said truthfully in an address to
his constituents, made at Beech Island, in 1858,
that—
"All the measures of whifh the Sonth complain4! she
herself inaugurated. In the matter of slavery, Washington
and Jefferson set the evil example—the North have boi-
rov/ed it fiom them."
Now, passing from that period of our history,
and coming down to 3820, there is another signal
instance in which the power of Congress to ex-
clude this institution from the Territories was
asserted, and the people of the South themselves
acquiesced in the exerciseof that power, became
that was the act of the.South,.
Passing from that time and over: other acts in-
tervening, we come down to 1845, when we ac-
quired Texas. One of the very conditions upoB
which she was annexed to this Union and became
one of the States, is found in these identical worttas
" And in such State or States as shall be formed out of
said territory north of said Missouri compromise line, sla-
very, or involuntary servitude, (except for crime,) shall be
prohibited."
That was a southern measure, indorsed by Cal-
houn in 1845, and the great-measure of the Dem-
ocratic party. Texas came into the Union upoa
an express recognition of a power in the Con-
gress of the United States toexcludc this institu-
tion, not only from the Territories, but from her
own limits; and not a voice was raised against it.
It was a southern measure; and the resolution was
framed by a southern man.
Passing from that period, we come down to
1850, when we were again called upon to compro-
mise this question; and this condition upon which
Texas was admitted was again expressly reaf-
firmed. Congress then passed a series of com-
promise measures, oneof which gave $10,000,000
to Texas, to reconcile her to a change of bound-
aries. It was expressly incorporated into that
act, that itshould not interfere with the conditions
upon which Texas was originally annexed to the
United States. This"$10,000,000 was in the na-
ture of a ransom for the recognition of this great
privilege of the Government to exclude this insti-
tution from the Territories of the United States,
and was a part of the compromise measures of
1850.
Then we come down to 1852, when the two
great parties of the country, in their national con-
ventions, mutually pledged themselves to abide
and stand by those compromises as a finality.
Who, let me ask, has receded from these com-
promises and agreements thus solemnly made ?
You, gentlemen, I answer, on that side of the
Hall—the South herself. Agentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,} the other day, while
commenting upon the alleged wrongs of the South,
spoke of the action of the North, and character-
ized it by the term "punic faith." I respectfully
submit that like examples of punic faith can be
found upon the part of no people of any section
of this country, or of any country, as are found
in the memorable cases to which 1 have alluded.
Sir, if this Union is to be broken up, and this
war is to be waged, I can only say, in the eloquent
words of Henry Clay, whose ashes sleep in the
district of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr
Simms,] who addressed the House the other day,
that44 it will be a war in which you will have no
sympathy, for all mankind will be against you."
But, sir, some gentlemen say that the cause of
our present troubles is not so much the attempt
to exclude slavery from the Territories of the
United States, and the failure to execute the fugi-
tive slave law, as it is this everlasting discussion
of the slavery question among the people of the
North; and I call attention to that remarkable
declaration to be found in the President's last an-
nual message—a declaration unparalleled by any
expression, in any American State paper, that I
have ever seen—that the agitation of the slavery
question has at length, as he says 44 produced its
malign influence on the mind of the slave, inspir-
ingin his bosom the hope of freedom." Hemake3 ,
that charge upon the Republican party. Now,
sir, that charge is as old as the Government itself.
It was made against the very system inaugurated
by the founders of our Government: that they had
avowed heresies in the Declaration of Independ-
ence calculated to inspire in the hearts of the
oppressed of every nation this hope of freedom;
such is the complaint of every despot on the face
of the earth this day. I reply, in the language of
McDowell, of Virginia: 44 This hope of freedom
is a lamp lit up in the soul of the slave by the
hand of the Deity; it is allied to his hope of im-
mortality, and can never be extinguished." It is
a species of atheism to attempt to extinguish it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have a word or two to
say in conclusion, for I perceive that my hour has
nearly expired. In my humble judgment, all the
wrongs of which the South complains to-day can
be redressed in the Union. Let them recognize
the power and authority of this General Govern-
ment. Let them resort to the constitutional guar-
