M2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
antees that they have. They have appealed to
the Supreme Court to recognize their right to take
their slaves into the Territories; and,as they con-
strue the decision ©f thai court, it has already
decreed that they have all they ask for under the
form of the present Constitution. The court has
dccided in their favor-, and yet they seem inclined
to distrust that decision, and ask us to give spe-
cific guarantees in the Constitution itself for the
future fidelity of the court. To such terms I
cannot consent. If we can risk the court with-
out guarantees, you, gentlemen, certainly ought
to be willing, after the intimations it l^as given in
your favor. '
Mr. H1NDMAN. I would ask the gentleman
if the D red Scott decision and the Chicago platform
do not conflict with each other in his judgment?
Mr. VANDEVER. The Chicago platform, so
far as I know, was never designed to conform to
the dogmas expressed by Judge Taney as the
opinion of the court in the Dred Scott case
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DE JARNETTE obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield to me a moment, to make a personal
explanation r
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I will, sir.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, during the dis-
cussion yesterday afternoon, I sought the floor at
one time to make a little more specific what I had
said in relation to the course of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Branch] on the committee
of five.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. The gentleman from
North Carolina is not now present; and I suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts the pro-
priety of waiting till he returns to the Hall.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to say any-
thing that will render it necessary for the gentle-
man from North Carolina to be here. I merely
desire to do exact justice to the gentleman from
North Carolina, which I failed to do in the course
of the debate yesterday, because I could not get
the floor.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will be as brief as possible.
Mr. DAWES. I will. In the course of the
debate yesterday, I used these words, which I
afterwards sought to make a little more clear, but
failed to do so:
"The gentleman from North Carolina rises in his seat,
and, without the si ighto-t intimation toan.v of his colleagues
upon the comimttecsso fur as I know, commence-* reading
a minority report, after Laving induced the other members
ot'Uiecomrnnteeiin their desire to have an unanimous re-
port, to yield as far as they could, impressions which the
evidence made upon their minds."
I sought to say, afterwards, that the induce-
ment was brought about simply in this way: The
gentleman from North Carolina well understands
that other members of the committee held views
somewhat different from those of the report, while
the other members of the committee also knew
that he entertained views somewhat different from
the report, and each was influenced by the others
to yield somewhat their own private views, and
thus come to what each supposed was to be a
unanimous report. That is all I desired to say;
and I am obliged to the gentleman from Virginia
for lus courtesy in allowing me to say it.
STATE OF TIIE UNION—AGAIN.
Mr. DE JARNETTE resumed the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND. If the gentleman from
Virginia will give way for that purpose, I will
move an adjournment.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I am much obliged to
the gentleman from Illinois, but 1 prefer to go on
now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will proceed.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. There arc times, Mr.
Speaker, when I am contemplating the history of
my country—its rise, progress, and rapid devel-
opment—when the picture becomes so pleasing,
and I am so filled with hope and delight, that I
am lifted above the raging elements which have
now so nearly destroyed it; and, from such a
stand-point, view the grandest system of govern-
ment ever yet devised by human agency for the
happiness of man.
I have gone back to the earliest peiiod of our
history, when a few bold hearts first penetrated
the dark forests, to find the home of the savage.
and share with him his freedom, sooner than sub-
mit to the tyranny and oppression of the Old
World. They were guided by the sparks of lib-
erty which they had seen emitted by the concus-
sion of the dynasties of the Old World; which,
as they arose, were carried by the winds of
heaven to the shores of America.
It was here, sir, guided by the Unseen, and
protected by the arm which they never felt but to
praise, they reared an altar of liberty, around
which soon stood the oppressed of every land,
who soon so replenished its fires that its flames
licked the clouds, the bright effulgence of which
cast a stmdow under the thrones of tyranny and
oppression throughout the earth.
In viewing it from this stand-point, I have seen
no North, no South; I have looked upon the
whole, and been proud that all of it was my coun-
try. I have forgotten, and expelled from my
mind, all grievances of which the South now so
justly complains, and viewed my country as it
should be, and not as it is. Mr. Speaker, 1 am
proud of what it has already accomplished; but
with the eye of faith I penetrate the distant fu-
ture, and behold one hundred million freemen,
whose sublime destiny it is to break the chains of
tyranny, to feed the hungry, and clothe the naked
over the earth.
Sir, we have reached that point in our national
progress when every step we take is felt through-
out the earth. The eyes of the world are upon
us. To us belong the jealousy, hate, and envy
of the dynasties of the earth. This they will not
admit, even to themselves or to each other; but
the foot of oppression is raised; the reins of Gov-
ernment are loosed; and the oppressed through-
out the earth begin to recover their long-lost lib-
erties.
This is what our free institutions have accom-
plished; this is what .we have accomplished, with-
out regard to any other object than our own
development.
Still, the eyes of the world are upon us; our
movements are watched and felt throughout the
world.
When we stepped from the banks of the Mis-
sissippi to the Pacific ocean, the earth moved
heavily on its axis becausc its balance was dis-
turbed. All Europe felt the shock; and now feel
and know that another center must be found,
around which they in turn must revolve. Nor
was its influence confined to Europe; itpenetrated
Asia to the Celestial Empire; aroused the slum-
bering millions in their strong-walled cities, and
caused their gates to creak under the accumulated
rust of centuries.
Indeed, far beyond, in the remote kingdom of i
Japan, a hundred million more were aroused to
shake off the dust of centuries, and again to walk
the earth.
It was that step which (if this Union were not
doomed to perish) would make this country the
center of the trade of the earth, by giving us the
control of the trade of the eight hundred million
people of Asia; a trade which has been enjoyed
by Europe for more than six hundred years; a
trade which has been so fruitful, that it has, in
turn, made every nation which enjoyed it at the
time the greatest Power of the earth. I
It was to accommodate that trade that Colum-
bus started on his voyage ofdiscovery; he wished
to find a nearer way to India, and m the lino of
that more direct way, he stumbled on this conti-
nent. It was to that trade Spain owed her great-
ness, her wealth, and her vast dominion. From
Spain it fell to Denmark, which kingdom held it ,
for more than a hundred years, and by it grew to i
the position of the then most formidable Power ;
of the earth. England was attracted by the gin- ■
tering prize; and by diplomacy and by threats :
wrenched it from the grasp of that kingdom. Prof-
iting by the errors of Spain and Denmark, Eng-
land, by the most gigantic filibustering move- j
ment which curses the pages of history, subju- I
gated one hundred million of the people of India, j
and, with their own money, has hired armies to :
keep them in the dust. Since then, she, in order '
to guard it effectually, until recently never suf-
fered any nation of Europe to hold a riavy com- I
parable to her own. Standing over B'rance, as ;
soon as that nation could equip a navy at all cal- i
culated to cope with hei, she has invariably i
crushed it. She has stood with one hand on the j
Danish Beltand the other on the Dardanelles, and n
is thus effectually keeping the huge paw of the
Russian bear from the rich feast in the East.
Thus, for nearly two hundred years, has Eng-
land enjoyed uninterruptedly the trade of the eight
hundred millions of Asia.
Since the purchase of Louisiana by the United
States, England has been uneasy. Napoleon I,
when he sold that country west of the Mississippi
to u^gave,as a reason, that he could not hold it;
that England, to guard her trade in the East,
would, with her immense navy, take it; that he
wished the young giant of America to possess it,
because he knew that we, at no distant day, would
break England's power by possessing that trade.
I will not stop here to show all the impediments
which England has thrown across our path to
prevent our march to the Pacific. She began with
a proposition for the joint occupancy of our Pa-
cific shore. That was agreed to; but it soon re-
sulted in hcrclaim to the only harbor on that coast
owned by the United States. The right of search
which she asserted, and which resulted in the war
of 1812, was instituted with the view of breaking
the prestige of our power, and giving her the oc-
cupation of Astoria, the only harbor on the Pacific.
The war commenced by the seizure of that port
by England, and it was the last point yielded
when the treaty of peace was made at Ghent.
Failing in this, she now holds all the South
American States under bonds which they dare not
disregard, to prevent an American vessel, in time
of war,from entering; their ports, even for shelter.
When the transit of the Isthmus is found practica-
ble, she appears at that point and undertakes to
control that. When, in 1850, we proposed to con-
struct a railroad to the Pacific, she immediately
begins the construction of a road from Newfound-
land to Puget Sound, and has, through the polar
cold, constructed fifteen hundred miles of that road.
And still more recently, impelled by the spur of
our rapid advancement, she has purchased an
island in the Pacific in our track to India, upon
which she is this day building a Gibraltar almost
in sight of our shore.
All this, sir, will avail not; she is striving-against
what the finger of destiny has written for our ac-
complishment. Sir, civilization, knowledge,and
commerce started in the East. They have pio-
gressed and are progressing westward. When
they shall have reached the uttermost verge of the
Pacific shore, they must retrograde; and the sub-
lime destiny of returning these blessings to their
ancient seats will be ours Sir, the genius of
America has left the rock-bound coast of New
England and taken its position on the shore of the
the Pacific; and there it w;ll work out our mighty
destiny by placing in our control the trade of the
world.
Mr. Speaker, can there be a heart so dead as
not to beat with exultant ptide when contemplat-
ing such a destiny for his own native land ? Sir,
since I have been thus hopeful of the destiny of
my country, I have known that the accomplish-
ment of that destiny could be hastened or delayed
by mutual good offices, good feeling, and fraternal
regard between the North and South, or the re-
verse.
I have, sir, watched with much anxiety the
storm-cloud which X have seen gathering and
advancing from the North for ten years past. I
have noted its every movement, and, hence not
unexpectedly, seen its darkness increase, and
heard its loud thunders rattle. I have known that
this dark and threatening tornado would spread
its fury and hurl its thunder bolts on the devoted
heads of my people. Conscious of rectitude, they
have not sought, nor will they seek, to avoid its
fury; because they know they are clothed in the
armor of Virginia's sovereignty, which cannot be
penetrated. Let me warn you, therefore, not to
misinterpret her present position. It is but the
hush before the storm. She, in her wisdom, has
called her people together, because their liberties
and her sovereignty are assailed. Respect the
one, and recognize the other, and all may yet be
well. But if not, every sword in Virginia will
leap from its scabbard, and flash defiance to a
world inarms. There are no submissionists there.
The North has now become maddened by pros-
perity. The empire of commerce we have cheer-
fully conceded to them. We of the South have
exulted in their success, though it has been the
result, in a great degree, of a tax on our labor.
Still we would be content if we were allowed to
