944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
by making, in the "name of our.^people, every sac-
rifice except that of their liberties, we will have
accomplished this much.
What, Mr. Speaker, will the Republicans of
this House, when theyreturn to theirpeople,carry
with them to compensate for the ruin and havoc
which they have created ? To them will belong
the responsibility of disrupting this once happy
Union. To them will be attached the awful re-
sponsibility of exciting thirty million of the hap-
Eiest people on God's earth to forget that they are
rethren, and with all the destructive machinery
of grim-visaged war, to destroy each other in civil
strife. On them will fall the curses of millions at
the North, whose tirade they have destroyed, and
whose homes they have made desolate. It is on
you, Republicans, will fall the curses of the wid-
owed mother who can no longer find bread for
her starving children. Goto yourcrowded cities,
not to tbegifded palaces of your merchant princes,
but to the lanes and alleys, and when you hear
tlie cries of thousands, frantic with hunger and
despair, and behold here a mother with her inno-
cent children clasped around her in the agony of
death from starvation, and there another tearing
her bosom because it can no longer afford nour-
ishment to her dying infant, you will see the re-
sultof yourdevotion to yourpartyplatform. You
will have saved your party, but you will hav6 lost
your country. You will have vindicated your
devotion to the negro by disregarding the voicc of
humanity and the decrees of Heaven. This is
what you have already done. If, then, the pros-
pect of civil war, which you Have created, has
done all, and much more than all this, what, I
ask, must be the misery, agony, and death which
twenty-five million brave people will inflict on
each other?
Sir, when the flames of civil war have swept
over our once happy land, from St. John's to the
Rio Grande,and from the Atlantic to the Pacific;
when your cities and ours no longer resound with
the busy hum of industry, because they will be
the first victims which the relentless mouths of
cannon will demand; when ourbeauliful country,
where innocence resides and vii tue sits enthroned,
shall return to its primitive occupants—because
nothing save the hyena can live amid such scenes
of desolation and death—then you will behold
the work of your own hands. If you have not yet
seen enough to make you pause before you de-
clare war on the South, ana thus invoke on your
heads the wrath of humanity and the vengeance
of Heaven, those of you who survive whenritshall
have been ended, will witness a scene which will
melt your hearts, though they may be harder than
adamant. When you are called on to witness the
procession of ten minion mourners, and hear their
cries for those who have fallen in battle, and hear
that mighty multitude, with one voice, proclaim
you the author of all their affliction, you will, in-
deed, cry that the rocks may hide and the hills
may cover you from their sight. All this will you
inflict on your country and yourselves sooner
than let slavery alone.
It is an institution for which you are not re-
sponsible, and about which you know nothing.
You say it is wrong, and you will put it the course
of ultimate extinction, because slaves are some-
times treated with cruelty. That they are some-
times, but rarely, treated with cruelty, I will
admit; but such acts are punished by law, and
punished by society, with great severity. Still,
1 know that there is more humanity, there is more
unalloyed contentment and happiness, among the
slaves of the South, than any laboring population
on the globe. Where else but at the South are
the laborers nursed when sick, and taken care of
when they get too old to work? Where butat the
•South is it the interest of capital to provide food
for the families of laborers when they are young
and helpless? It then being the'interest of capi-
tal that the slave and his family should be well
cared for in sickness and in health, what stronger
reason can be given that he will not be abused?
It is this interest in his labor that you would de-
prive him of.
After you do this, have you not deprived him
of his home, and all the comforts he now enjoys ?
Will you give him another home, and provide
him other comforts? You know you will not.
You will not do this to your neighbors of your
own race, and the starving poor among you; but
you will stand by and see the negro, whom you
have deprived of his home, driven, by the free
white labor of the North, from every occupation
of honest toil.
If, then, the meritof your opposition to slavery
is that you would abolish an institution which
is sometimes oppressive, go home and abolish
your banking system; go home and destroy your
magnificent churches, because some of your min-
isters have been bad men; and go home and abol-
ish the institution of marriage; because I know
that, for every master who cruelly treats his slave,
there are two white men at the North who torture
and murder their wives. Away, then, with such
sickly sentimentality. We know that it is not
because you love the slave, or desire to benefit his
condition, that yo uthus war on the South; be-
cause, when you have enticed him from his happy
home, we have seen you, like the crocodile,
mingle your tears with the blood of your victim.
We know it is done to keep the northern mind in
agitation, never permitting it to settle down on
your own productive elements of domestic dis-
content. But for this agitation at the North, so-
ciety could not stand the shock. The revolution-
ary element at the North constitutes no part of
that society. That element now controls the law-
making power, and thus has the semblance of
justice for its action. It is thus that the capital
of Boston is held subject to its command.
As to the best means of defense against this
mighty power, which knows no control but its
will, society at the North is divided. There are
those who, to avoid offense, have declined to take
part in local elections, as shown by the thousands
of slumbering votes in the States east of the Hud-
son. There are others, who, still having hopes
of controlling it, have joined in, and desire so to
direct it as to prevent any disaster to themselves
or the country. For several years, they did hold
the reins of restraint, and so checked its move-
ments as to prevent injury. But now, it has burst
the dams and levees with which you for a time
restrained it, and, by its resistless flood, sweeps
away and destroys all who oppose it. Commu-
nities at the North, or even their State govern-
ments, cannot resist its march. Nothing at the
South can now resist it, but State sovereignties;
and each State must throw this protection around
their people, or they are lost.
I have, Mr. Speaker, attempted to show the
appreciation of those I represent for the Union.
I know of none who would not even rejoice to per-
petuate it as it was made by our fathers. I have
shown that it was not because they loved the
Union less, but their liberties more, that they have
made up their mip.ds to leave it, unless you give
them such guarantees as will insure safety. I have
shown you that the South has never, though smart-
ing under insults and injuries, retaliated, because
she has observed the restraints of the Constitution.
That instrument has never been wounded by a
southern hand or agency. It has always been held
sacred by our people; and now, finding that they
cannot live peaceably with you of the North, they
will quietly leave your company. They have
made no threats; they propose no violence to you.
In secession they assail no one, threaten no one;
it is a remedy which is purely defensive, and
not aggressive, because it is passive and not
active.
Your party desire to get rid of slavery, because
you say that the moral influence of the world is
against slavery, and by your contact with it you
are compromised. Wo propose quietly to relieve
you of any contact or association with it. Thus,
to preserve your refined sensibilities, we propose
to take slavery out of the Union, and give you
relief. And now that the cotton States have done
this, and the border slave States are going to fol-
low their example, and thus do what you have
been trying to do for twenty years; you get into
a violent rage, and call the gods to witness that
you will whip us into submission, because we will
not let you do it in your own way. If you of the
North would pause and reflect for one moment,
you would see the ridiculous position in which
you thus place yourselves before the world. But
you will not, you cannot stop. You are impelled
by a power which you cannot resist. It is the
power of England, exerted on the revolutionary
element of the North, which cannot and will not
permit you to pause, now that the object which
England so devoutly wishes for is so near its ac-
complishment. This Union must be destroyed,
or England will soon lose her hold on the trade
of Asia. England has made every effort to check
our advancement and development, because she
knew we were now her only rivals for commerce.
Since the declaration of Sir Robert Peel—made
in advocacy of the appropriation of $100,000,000 to
emancipate the negroes in the West Indies—that
" this was the best investment ever made for the
overthrow of American institutions," England
has continued to agitate this abolition of slavery,
with a view of destroying our power by dividing
us. England knows that our commercial tonnage
is greater than her own, and is rapidly increas-
ing, and that the time for decisive action has
come. By her gold, as well as by agitating this
anti-slavery sentiment, she has obtained great
ascendency over the revolutionary elements of
the North. No man doubts that vast sums of
England's gold, drawn from the attenuated fingers
of her slaving poor, are sent here to keep alive
the flames of fanaticism in-which alone the po-
litical salamanders of the North can live. The
visits of Fred Douglass and William H. Seward
to England sometimes become necessary to keep
alive and excite the sometimes slumbering masses
of their followers. England, by way of a spur
totheirmovements, occasionallyconfersthe hon&r"
of knighthood on some sable swain, and byway
of variety insults our minister for the amusement
of the gentleman from Africa.
This, sir, is not the result of an abolition senti-
ment in England, as abundantly shown by her
unwillingness to force Spain to execute a treaty
long since made, to abolish slavery in all her pos-
sessions. Nor is it because she respects the rights
of men or their freedom; because she is to-day
engaged in the cooly trade, by which she consigns
white men to the most cruel and perpetual bond-
age. But it is because by this means alone she
can hope to break the power of her most danger-
ous rival for the trade of the East. Cannot the
people of the North, now on the verge of the pre-
cipice, stop one moment for reflection? Would
it not be better for you to live on terms of equality
and friendship with those who were once your
brethren at the South ? Can you show in what
particular England, after she, through your in-
strumentality, has disrupted this Union, will be
benefited by trading with you ? Are you not
England's rivals for most of the goods sold in the
States? She, you declare by your tariff bill, can
manufacture the articles which we consume thirty-
five per cent, cheaper, on an average, than you
can; and hence you, by that bill, will compel us to
give you thirty-five cents in every dollar, to ena-
ble you to meet her at your own factories.
If this tax should be continued in our new con-
federacy, the trade of England will be no more
restricted than it is now. How will it be with
you ? Instead of receiving the thirty-five per cent
which you propose to give yourselves in this new
tariff, you will have to pay that much duty. Thus,
you will receive on all goods sold at the South
thirty-five cents m every dollar less than you
would receive if you had not destroyed the Union.
We, then, being now the consumers of the north-
ern manufactures, and the North no longer beino-
protected in our markets, she will be driven to
abandon manufacturing only for the northern
States, except such articles as those where the
cost of the raw material constitutes the chief ele-
ment of its manufacture. This is shown more
conclusively in a correct analysis of the elements
constituting the cost of manufacture.
In all manufactures the elements of cost are thus
enumerated and classified: first, the wages of la-
bor; second, the interest on capital; and third,
the value of the raw material—labor forty per
cent.; capital fifty per cent.; and the raw mate-
rial ten per cent. This, I believe, is found cor-
rect, except in coarse fabrics. In such, the raw
material enters as the chiof element of cost, as in
coarse cotton. Our factories, having the advant-
age of ten per cent, in the cost of cotton, can, for
this reason, clothe the operatives in the English
factories; for in such a fabric, the raw material
constitutes a very large part of its value.
The English manufacturers pay but half what
we pay for labor and capital; and those two ele-
ments constitute ninety per cent, in cost of the fab-
rics senthere. You of the North cannot compote
with them. It is thus that you lose and England
gams by your folly. Again; you can never in-
duce England to remain hostile to the South, be-
