948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
I
of the slave, (if you please to call him so,) as well as
where it is against him. Suppose the court in
the Territory decides that the man is free: then
the person claiming to hold him as a slave may
take an appeal, just as a person who should be
decided to be a stave might take an appeal, the
decision being against him. Now, the object of
striking out these words is to take away the right
of appeal, as I understand it, in both eases. It is
not allowed in other cases in the United States.
An appeal is not allowed from the decision of a
United States judge in the State of Illinois, on a
questioninvolving personal freedom, either by the
person who claims to hold the slave, or by the
slave himself, to the Supreme Court of the United
States. This is an innovation upon the general
law. The object is evident. I was not, in the
committee, but it is apparent that the object of
striking out the clause is to leave that class of
cases just where they are left in all the States.
There was another clause of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, which is not in thisbillthatmycolleaguehas
alluded to, and I think he has confounded the two
together. There was a clause in that bill which al-
lowedan appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States in all cases, without regard to the value in
controversy, where the title to slaves was involved.
That clause is not in this bill at all, and that clause
has nothing to do with the one which we are now
considering. It is not necessary for me to imagine
what the reasons were for striking it out; but that
is an entirely distinct matter. The matter in con-
troversy here has nothing to do with that case, for
it is simply giving appeals to the Supreme Court
of the United States in habeas corpus cases. That
is not done anywhere else, and there is just as
much necessity for it in the States as there would
be in the Territories. I merely wish to have the
matter understood.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My colleague has shown the
•opriety of having the bill read, and I shall now
ie under the necessity of calling for the reading
of the entire bill. He discloses the fact that an-
other important provision which has been usual
in Territorial bills, and uniformly inserted from
1850 down, is omitted in this one. These two
provisions—the one he has last called attention to
m regard to the title to slave property, and that
in regard to questions of personal freedom—were
both inserted in 1850, after full debate, upon the
ground that if the master of a slave brought a suit
in the Territories for the recovery of his slave,
and the decision of tho local court should be
against him, he might appeal; and if,on the con-
trary, thtt person who was alleged to be a slave
brought his suit for personal freedom, he might
appeal. It was to give tlfft Supreme Court the
right to hear the decisions of the local courts upon
that point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will my colleague allow
me, right there ? I suppose 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senators
wiil suspend their remarks. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, it is incumbent on the
Chair, under the rules of the Senate, to call up
for consideration tho unfinished business of yes-
terday, which is the tariff bill.
Mr. GREEN. I would suggest to the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Kino^] that it will be in
order for him to move to postpone this bill, in
order to present his petitions.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from tho House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 154)
for the relief of Randall Pegg.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No.554) to extend the right of
appeal from decisions of circuit courts to the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered to-day, at twelve o'clock and sixteen
minutes, the printing of a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House, calling for a copy of the official letter of
George P. ihrie, late first lieutenant of the third
regiment of United States artillery.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Tbemessage further-announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution:
A bill (S. No. 125) for the relief of John Pee-
bles;
A bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of Town send
Harris, or his heirs or legal representatives;
A bill (H. R. No. 623) for the relief of Wil-
liam Cowing;
A bill (H. R. No. 554) to extend the right of
appeal from decisions of the circuit courts to the
Supreme Court of the United States; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 62) for the ben-
efit of George H. Giddings.
PATENT LAWS.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives insists on its amendments to
the bill of the Senate (No. 10) in addition to "An
act to promote the progress of the useful arts,"
disagreed toby the Senate;disagrees to the amend-
ments of the Senate to certain other amendments
of the House of Representatives to the said bill;
asks a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon; and hasappointed Mr. Wil-
liam E. Niblack of Indiana, Mr. Charles B.
Hoard of New York, and Mr. E. B. Wash-
bcrne of Illinois, the committee on the part of
the House.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 10) in addi-
tion to " Anactto piomote the progress of the use-
ful arts," and the amendments of the Senate to
other amendments of the House thereto.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insKt upon its disagreement
to the amendments of the House ot' Representatives to the
said bill insisted onbytiieliouse,andUjionitsamendments
to other amendments of the House, and that it agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representatives on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the President pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the committee
on the part of the Senate. /
THE TARIFF BILL. V
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of tho bill (H. R. No.
338) to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and fix the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses. The select committee had reported an
amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause of section thirty, in the following words:
ei That from and aftei tlie day and year aforesaid, any and
all goods, wares, or mciohandi-se imported fiotn any foreign
countries, and entered lor warehousing or deposited in the
public stores m consequence of tho duties not being paid,
*:-hall be so entered ot deposited, subject to the following
conditions, to wit: that the same shall be withdrawn from
the waiehouse or public Mores -within thirty days fiom the
time and date ot the entiy, for domestic consumption, and
the duties thereon bhaSl be duly paid in cash at the time of
such withdrawal, or be theieafter prohibited from beim*
withdiawn, except for the purpose of exportation beyond
the limits of the United States ; and m no case shall any
goods, waies, or merchandise, as aforesaid, so impoited
and entered and deposited lor warehousing, be entitled or
permitted fo be entered for domestic consumption, unless
the same has been so withdiawn within the tune heretofore
mentioned: Provided, That goods, waies, 01 merchandise
which shall have been withdrawn us aforesaid, and winch
shall have been exported and lauded beyond the limits of
the United States, may be from thence duly reirr.poued in
the same manner provided for in the first instance: Pro-
vided also, That this section shall not apply to goods, wares,
.md mcichandise impoited fiom beyond the Cape of Good
Hop-i nrCape Horn until the 1st of January, 1861 : Pro-
vided further., That all acts or parts of acts relating to the
subject-matter herein embraced, and inconsistent there-
with, arc hereby repealed.?'
And to inseit in lieu thereof, the following:
That on all goods, wares, and merchandise, remaining
on deposit in warehouse or public stores, on the 1st day of
July, A. D. 18ui, the duties shall be paid within ninety
days thereafter, and on all deposited aftei the said 1st day
of July, the duties shall be paid within ninety days from
the tune of deposit. The said goods on which the duties
have been paid maybe at any time withdrawn for con-
sumption, and maybe taken out for expoitation beyond the
hmns of the United States, a  any time within six months
fiom the time ot" the pa>m?nt of duties thereon; and on
boms so exported, the dufes thereon shall be refunded,
deducting one per centum ; but no duties ©hall be refunded
on goods, waies, or meichandise withdiawn moic than six
months after the time the duties weie paid thereon.
Mr. SEWARD had moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " ninety days," and insert-
ing (i three years;" ond the pending question was
on this amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KING. This proposition, Mr. President,
was the subject of some debate yesterday; bat
there are considerations connected with it which
have not been presented to the Senate. This bill
itself, as a whole, is a very great change of the
present mode of conducting much in the business
of the country dependent upon the revenue law,
and great changes in business are undesirable. I
remember very well when this warehousing sys-
tem was adopted. It was a subjcct of very grave
and serious discussion and debate some years
before it was adopted. It has operated well for
the mercantile classes. This bill, in all its pro-
visions, bears upon the commerce of the country;
and, in my judgment, it would be well, in levying
the increased duties which we arc compelled to
do for revenue, if we should relieve that class
from what they may consider a very great injury
to their business, by leaving them the warehouse
system as it is. Let it alone; and leave it to them
so as not to interrupt in that way their business.
They have been in the habit of impoi ting a large
amount of goods, and storing them in the ware-
houses; which, whenever they are wanted by the
country, arc taken from the warehouses, and the
duty paid. If they are to be reexported, of course
the revenues of the country, and the interests of
this country particularly, are not effected, except
that our own people have had the carriage over
the sea and the transportation of them, and the
increase which that has given to their commerce.
I hope, therefore, that the warehousing system
will be left undisturbed. 1 have no disposition,
however, to extend the discussion on this matter
unnecessarily. I believe it is pretty well under-
stood by the Senate; and I hope the amendment
of my colleague will prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the Sen-
ator inform us what is the character of the goods
that are generally left in the warehouses over the
pgriod of one year? For whose benefit, or for
what particular branch of trade, is this warehous-
ing to be used? I understand from the Senator
from Rhode Island that almost the whole amount
of goods that are kept in warehouse over twelve
months arc liquors.
Mr. SEWARD. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood him to say so.
Mr. KING. They remain with other goods,
undoubtedly; but there are all sorts of goods
there.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Rhode Island
said they were nearly all liquors that remain there
over a year.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to say a word on
this subject. I am notgoing to detain the Senate,
The Senator from New York yesterday stated that
this warehousing system was a great advantage to
the commerce of the country; that a large amount
of these goods in the warehouse were reshipped,
and thus added a great deal to the carrying trade.
I took the pains this morning to find out what
proportion of the foreign goods were reexported.
I find that, from 1821 to 1826, the importation of
foreign merchandize bore a proportion of twenty-
two per cent, to the whole imports.
Mr. SUMNER. During what time ?
Mr. SIMMONS. From 1821 to 1826 twenty-
two per cent, of the foreign goods was reshipped
in our own vessels. From 1827 to 1837, thii teen
and a half per cent, were reshipped. From 1837
to 1841, there were eight percent, reshipped; and,
since this warehousing system has come into op-
eration, there were but fire and three fourths per
cent. The amount reshipped is not one quarter
what it was before we had this system. It is
merely a plan to get credit on duties—nothing
else.
Mr. GRIMES. What was the character of the
goods?
Mr. SIMMONS. In 1857, the first year I took,
there were §56,487,000 in warehouse, as I stated
yesterday, the duties on which would amount to
§16,000,000. There was but one schedule of 30
per cent., and that was on wines, brandies, and
liquors; and there were not enough of those in
the warehouses, at 30 per cent., to make out the
duties by ^10,000. I think it is a kind of place
where they quarter this corruption fund. They
can take it out and change tho liquors as they
have a mind to. I want to see it stopped. 1 do
not desire to embarrass commercc. I am perfectly
willing to give as much time as any reasonable
man thinks wc can afford to give credit; for this
is simply a plan to give credit on the duties. I
am willing to give it for three months, or five
months,or six months. I have no particular so-
