1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
049
licitude about it. I do not want to hurt com-
merce; but I do not think this Government is in
a condition to give three years' credit on duties,
and hire money at 12 per cent, ourselves. That
is the only objection I have to it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I did not hear,
and if I had, 1 should not, perhaps, have the facts
with which to enable me to answer, the statement
of the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, about
the relative amount of the goods that are resiiipped
after being kept in the public warehouse^. I sup-
pose that depends on the fluctuations in trade,
owing to the peculiarcircumstances and condition
of the country. Bat 1 rise to make anotherpoint;
and that is, that the credit which is given is not a
credit; because, if there were no such privilege
allowed as receiving those goods into the store-
houses to be kept, there would be only the quan-
tity of goods imported into the country at any
one time which the exigencies of the market at
that time should require, and it would be an im-
portation into different ports, instead of into two
or three prominent ports which are the groat entre-
pots of foreign commerce—such as New York,
New Orleans, and San Francisco. Thegoodsare
brought here and deposited in these warehouses,
chiefly for the purpose of being reexported to for-
eign countries without paying any duty, or being
sent coastwise to other ports m the United States.
There is, on the part of the merchant, every
burden necessary; and every inducement is of-
fered to him to pay the duties as soon as he can
advantageously sell the goods, either in our own
markets or in foreign countries; for, m the first
place, he has to lay out of all the interest on the
capital which is invested irNhegoods; in the next
place, he has to pay insurance upon the goods;
he has to take the risk of the market; and he has,
besides that, to bear the lossm the deterioration,
the depreciation of the goods. Since stress has
been laid upon the fact that a considerable amount
of foreign goods which arc imported and deposited
in these warehouses are wines and liquors, it is
proper to state that he has to suffer a loss of not
less than 5 per cent, per annum upon an average
of all the liquors which he has in store, by waste
from evaporation and deterioration of the article.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I gather from
the character of this bill and the tenor of the de-
bate of its advocates, that it is avowedly now a
tariff for protection; for revenue as incidental, but
for protection primarily. I am very little convers-
ant with mercantile matters, the arcana of trade—
and there are arcana about it; but I am at some
loss to know in what way this great end of pro-
tection is to be attained by abolishing the ware-
house system. It is to be attained m some way,
I do net doubt, incidentally; it is to be attained
at the expense of the great importing mercantile
interests of the country. The reasons that have
been assigned by honorable Senators on the other
side for abolishing this system arc not only not
satisfactory to my mind, but (without intending
any offense, which I do not) those reasons seem
to me evasions.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island, who
has charge of this bill chiefly, [Mr. Simmon's,]
spoke of it as giving a credit for the goods thus
warehoused, and that that credit should not be
too extensive. The Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] spoke of it as a right to exact
the payment of duties, 5. debt; and to illustrate it,
he said that if this right of the United States were
enforced by law now, we could exact at once the
ordinary customs upon the whole amount of im-
portations now m warehouse. I take issue with
him at once. I say there is no debt, no due, no
right, either in fair political ethics or in the exist-
ing law, making provision for the payment of
duties; none whatever. Certainly, in political
morals, the property in the country brought licie
by the importer is as much his absolute property
after it arrives here as it was before it came here,
entirely free from any duty qualifying the condi-
tion of his property.
What is there in the policy of the world, in the
policy of any fair nation in its intercourse with
the world, to prohibit or to impose conditions
upon the bringing into the country of property
from another country, no matter what the prop-
erty is ? There is nothing. International cour-
tesy, the civilization of the age, the duty between
man and man, would require that if a foreigner,
who is allowed to come into tins country and has
the protection of the laws, after he comes here
finds it desirable -to bring any portion of his prop-
erty with him, he should do it, and do it without
let or hindrance. But this Government obtains a
portion of its revenue upon importations, which
it has a right to do. The policy of that law goes
no further than this: if property of any kind is
brought into this country, either to be enjoyed
here, or still more, to be sold here, the Govern-
ment makes an exaction upon it. That is the
whole policy of the revenue laws fairly adminis-
tered and fairly expounded. If it is the purpose
of the importer to sell it, or to enjoy it here as
property, then the Government imposes an exac-
tion in the form of a duty, but if it is not brought
here for that purpose, or, if being brought here,
it is not used for that purpose, then I demand upon
what principle of morals or political ethics can the
Government exact a duty merely because it is
brought in ? Nor is such the policy of the laws,
as I understand them. The Government, in other
words, is only interested in taking care that its
revenue laws shall not be evaded, but shall be
complied with.
Now, what are its revenue laws? what is its
revenue policy ? The revenue policy only is, that
if properly is brought here from abroad, either for
sale or consumption in this country, the duty shall
be imposed. 1 deny, then, absolutely that the
mere fact of bringing property here gives the Gov-
ernment the right to exact a duty, when, under
the existing laws, if I understand them correctly,
after the duty is paid, if the merchandise is reex-
ported, there is a drawback, the whole policy of
the Government being not to exact the duty unless
the merchandise is sold or consumed here.
Now, what is the policy of the warehousing
system? The merchants understand their interest
and their occupation in life far better than wcwcan
understand it and regulate it for their benefit by
legislation. As was said by the Senator from
New York, abolish the warehousing system and
the result will be that you restrict trade to this
extent: nothing will be' brought in that is not
brought into an exacted market where there is a
sale for it; because otherwise the merchant would
not only be losing the benefit of so much capital
as was used in paying the duty, but, at the same
time, he would be losing the fruit of the dead cap-
ital upon his hands in the form of merchandise.
Then, I should say this is for the benefit of trade.
We are all interested in that. We are all inter-
ested in having what the political economists call
emphatically a market—some place where any
trader can go with a knowledge that he can buy
there, at any moment, anything that is for sale in
any part of the world. That is the character of
London, as I understand it. That makes London
the great market of the. world, buil t up by this very
system of deposit called warehousing. A man
can go to London with the knowledge that he can
buy in London any kind of merchandise which
can be found in any part of the world. That can
only be by the merchants being allowed to bring
merchandise into the port in advance of any de-
mand in the market.
So it has been, as I understand, in New York.
It is done at great cost to the importer; for he not
only loses the outlay for the freight and the insur-
ance, but he loses the outlay, as was well said
here, of the interest upon the capital that is in-
vested. But yet they do it; and they do it because
the trade authorizes and calls for it. However,
for some hidden recondite schcme of protection,
that is to be taken away. Commerce is to be taxed
in some way, for some cause yet undisclosed, and
restricted and embarrassed in its operation, for
the purpose, in some mode, of benefiting the man-
ufacturer. I can view it in no other light; and I
can see no propriety in the world in denying to
the merchants the liberty of making a deposit on
our shores, and keeping that deposit there as long
as their interests justify it. It is said that those
deposits cotfsist of liquors. How the fact may
be, I do not know. I do not know, sir, how far the
deposit of liquor, of various kinds, may exceed
in amount the deposit of other mcrchandiss, al-
though 1 thinkithighly probable that it does exceed
them, for the simple reason that most of the mer-
chandise remaining on deposit would be subject
■ to annual decay or loss, while the very loss of the
' liquor improves it in value. We all know that
very great additional value is commonly given to
it by that very evaporation which diminishes the
quantity. Is there any objection to its being,de-
posited in the country on that account? If there
be a policy to prohibit it, let it be done; but.if jit
be allowed to come, I cannot, in the range of my
comprehension, see why it should not be atlowed
to remain on deposit here as well as abroad. Nor
will it diminish the revenue. I cannot appreciate
at all the suggestions of honorable Senators, that
the Government is delayed in the cpllectioil of its
revenue. No revenue attaches, no revertue ought
to attach, until it is used in the country for sale
or consumption; and, until then, it is a bare de-
posit. I de>ny, therefore, that the revenue is
affected by it in the slightest degree. If there be
any reason why this Burden should be thrown
upon the importing interest, the commercial in-
terest, for the benefit of the manufacturer, let it
be disclosed; for it has not been disclosed so far,
as I understand it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, as X un-
derstand the advantage of this warehousing sys-
tem, it is to prevent injury from extreme prices.
If you donot haveit, and goods are very low, the
importers may be ruined; they get no remunera-
tion. If, on the other hand, goods should be high,
the consumers suffer. By taking a portion of the
goods, therefore, that come in at plentiful times*
and depositing them in warehouse, the result is,
that before prices get very high, they are with-
drawn. Itpreventstheextremevibrationsoftradp,
either high or low. It is upon the same principle
that you have a reservoir of water: by takingoutn
portion of the water when it is plenty, you get
it on deposit as it were, and it can be distributed
when you want a large quantity in time of fire.
This is a sort of balance wheel, which prevents
the extreme vibrations of trade from high to low,
and therefore is of advantage to the community.
If you destroy it, the consumers are liable to
suffer. When there is a great scarcity in the
market, of course the consumers suffer, and that
benefits the manufacturers. It is, therefore, a draw-
back upon commerce, for, by having the ware-
housing system, goods are imported and depos-
ited, and they are sold at such times as the com-
munity need them. If you destroy that system,
of course you discourage importation; you throw
the consumers upon the hands or at the mercy of
the home manufacturers in high prices. I can
very well understand, therefore, that the protec-
tionist, or rather the prohibitionist,.the men who
want to prevent foreign trade, desire to break
down this warehousing system; but it is obviously
for the benefit of the consumer. It enables the
consumer to get goods on cheaper terms, and at
the same time protects the merchant from ruin-
ously low prices. I hope, therefore, we shall
have no change in the system.
Mr. BIGLfiR. I do not rise for the purpose of
discussing the merits of this question, or tracing
its particular operation. I desire to remind Sen-
ators, however, that, prior to 1854, the time al-
lowed for storing goods was one year. The
law of March, 1854, extended it to two years
longer; making altogether three years. I have
been under the impression that the original law
was sufficient for the protection of commerce; and
I am quite disposed to reinstate the original law,
and to go back to the original policy on this sub-
ject. While I shall not vote for the amendment
of the Senator from New York, I desire to say
that I will vote for the amendment intended to be
offcrcdby the Senatorfrom Massachusetts,which
limits the time to one year, and brings us back to
the original warehousing system.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the reason the
time was extended in 1854 was because expe-
rience proved that it would be beneficial to the
country, and beneficial to the revenue of the coun-
try, to extend the term under this warehousing
system. It was a new experiment in this coun-
try. The law establishing it passed in 1846, and
up to 1854 it had been found to be eminently suc-
cessful; but not so successful as it was thought it
would be by extending the time.
The Senator from Rhode Island has stated that
the exportation was only 5 per cent, of the ware-
house goods. I will state that the reexportation
of articles imported into the United States has in-
creased almost double, under that system, to what
it was before. It has proved a great benefit to
the shipping interest of the country. It has proved
a great benefit to the cities where the goods are
stored. The Senator has frequently alluded to
