950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the amount of liquors in store. What objection
is there to that ? When they are in store, they
pay storage; and we know the longer they re-
main in store, the better they are. They pay
duty upon what they put in storehouse, and not
on the quantity they take out, while in England
they only pay duties on what they take out.
They are enhanced in value by the time they re-
mam in store, and our merchants get the benefit
of the sto'rage. Altogether, there never has been
a system that has proved so beneficial to the com-
mercial interests of the country.
As far as my own State is concerned, nothing
could be more fatal to its prosperity than the de-
struction of this warehousing system. It is just
laying the foundation of an extensive trade along
the whole of the Pacific coast of North and South
America, and we shall soon extend our trade to
Asia. The hundreds of millions of inhabitants
who surround the Pacific ocean will be supplied
more or less from San Francisco in time. That
trade would be greatly promoted by this ware-
housing system. San Francisco will become the
depot where goods may be stored, and from which
they will be taken to the thousand islands of the
Pacific ocean, and the hundreds of millions of
inhabitants in Asia and the whole of the countries
north and south of us in North and South Amer-
ica. I look upon the destruction of the ware-
house system as one of the most fatal blows that
could be struck at the prosperity of California. 1
certainly feel greatly obliged to the Senator from
Rhode Island for extending the time now in the
bill of the House; but I am utterly opposed to
disturbing the present system, under which our
commerce has so prospered, at all.
The merchant princes of this country, the sails
of whose ships whiten every sea and every ocean,
and whose ships cojild not have carried the com-
merce of our country through those oceans and
those seas but for the -benefit of this law, were
characterized yesterday by the Senator from
Rhode Island as German Jews. I think the Sen-
ator has done them great injustice. I believe those
merchant princes, who are carrying our commerce
everywhere,are as necessary to civilization almost
as Christianity itself. The Senator from Virginia
said the other day, that the destruction of this
warehousing system would be almost as bad to the
city of New York as the shelling of it by a foreign
enemy. I may add, it would be more fatal in its
effects; because from war you can recover; but
when commerce i s once stri.cken down,youcannot
renovate it.^ I believe we are now the first com-
mercial nation in the world in point of tonnage;
$nd it is attributable in a great degree to the ware-
housing system. If we should retrograde at all,
others, our competitors, will take our place, and
we shall never overtake them again. I believe
our failure to have steam connection, and lines of
steamships conveying- our mails along the Gulf
of Mexico, and the whole coast of South America
on the Pacific and Atlantic, has given Great Brit-
ain a great advantage over us there in the trade
with Central America and South America, owing
to her policy of accommodating trade and sending
steamships conveying the mails, and thus in-
creasing her commercial relations with that sec-
tion of the country. I firmly believe that nothing
can be more beneficial to the commerce of the
country than the retaining of this warehousing
system. It is of great importance to my own
section of the country.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, nothing is
more easy than to deal in generalities. It is very
easy to talk about merchant princes, and hun-
dreds of millions of people, and an immense com-
merce; but when you come to the facts, these
words are very easily changed. This warehous-
ing system has added but very little to the com-
merce of the country. The whole amount of
foreign goods exported during the last year from
warehouses was but $6,000,000, a mere trifle,
nothing in comparison with the commerce of our
coast. The truth is, the whole benefit of this
warehousing system has been to promote the in-
terests of the foreign manufacturer, and not to the
commerce of this country. 1 shall not distress
you with a speech, because I think in cases of
tins kind, with a decided majority in favor of a
bill, the cause is always injured by speaking; and
I only rose to mention that single fact. The com-
merce of the country is not. going to be injured
by this at all. On the contrary, I think it will be
benefited by giving them a reasonable time to
keep their goods in bond; and after that reason-
able time, let them go out. This is a bill for rev-
enue; its whole operations are based upon rev-
enue; the country is now in need of money; and
you must pass this bill, or something very much
like it, or your country will be bankrupt.
Mr. SEWARD. I believe the amendment is
to insert three years.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is to insert three years, in place of ninety
Mr. POWELL. If I understood the Senator
from Rhode Island arightamomentago, he stated
that a large proportion of the goods now in store
in the \Arehouse was liquors.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say the goods now
in warehouse, because I do not know what they
are. I said that of the goods there on the 1st of
July, 1857,they must have been nearlyallliquors,
because they could not amount to the duties on
them without they were in the 30percent, sched-
ule.
Mr. POWELL. I will state to UTe Senator
that, on a little investigation of the statistics of this
matter, I think there are more goods now in store
in the warehouses in the city of New York than
the value of the wines, brandies, and liquors of
every kind imported for the last three years.
We import annually about $10,000,000 value of
liquors of all kinds. There is now, at this mo-
ment, in store in the warehouses in New York,
$30,000,000 of merchandise.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr." DOUGLAS (when his name was called)
said: I desire to say that I would prefer a little
shorter time; butl prefer this amendment to tak-
ing the short time specified in the bill, and there-
fore I vote " yea."
The result was than announced—yeas 26, nays
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bakei, Itayard, Bragg, Brigllt, Cliii^man,
Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fitch, Green, Gwm, Hemphill,
liuuter, Juiirr-on of Tennessee, King, Lane, Latham, Ma-
son, Nicholson, Pcaice, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Scnard,
Sumner, and Thomson—28.
.\TAY,S—Messrs. Anthony, Uigler, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Cuttenden, Dixon, Fessenden, I-'oot, Fos-
tot, Grimes, Ilailan, Simmons, Ten JCyek, Tiumbull,VVade,
Wilkinson, anil Wilson—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment of the committee as
modified, which is, to strike outthe section which
has been j-ead, and insert the matter which also
has been read, as modified on motion of the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. SEWARD. I moveafurtheramendment,
to strike out, in the thirty-seventh lino, the words
''six months," and to insert " three years." It
is on the same principle as the'last amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment; to strike
out, in the thirty-seventh line, the words "six
months," and to insert " three years;" so that
the clause will read:
The said goods, on which the duties have been paid,
m:iv be at any tune withdrawn for consumption, and mav
he taken outlorexportation beyond the limits of the United
States at any lime within three years finm the time of the
payment of duties tliereon.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. SEWARD. In line forty-one, I move to
strike out "six months," and insert "three
years."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move, in line thirty-three,
to strike out " ninety days," and insert " three
years."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment of the committee as
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to. |
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to move to strike |
out the entire section m reference to the ware- j
houses. It is a mere incumbrance to the bill, and I
it is a great deal worse than the present law, as I !
expected it would be, if amended and changed. !
Mr. SEWARD. I now move to strike out from j
the bill section thirty. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator I
from Rhode Island moves to amend the bill  j
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; I will make no mo-
tion about it until I sec how it reads as amended.
1 think it is very bad. I will notoft'er any amend-
ment until the bill is printed as it has been amended,
so that I shall see how it then reads.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not care about it; but I
would like to bring the bill back by striking out
all that refers to the warehousing system, if the
Senator will indicate those portions of the bill, I
will move to strike out all that relates to the ware-
housings so as to leave the warehousing system
just as it is. I believe it is section thirty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York moves to amend the bill by strik-
ing out all that part which relates to the ware-
housing system, understood to be section thirty.
Mr. SEWARD. It leaves the present law m
force.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the select committee
■was to insert, at the end of the bill as an addi-
tional section, the following:
See. 33. JinA be it further enacted, That when merchan-
dise of the same material or description, but of different
values, are invoiced at an average price, and not otherwise
provided for, the duty shall he assessed upon the whole
invoice, at the rate the highest valued goods m such invoice
are subject to, under this act. The word valued, where
ufced in this act, shall be con&trued and understood as mean-
ing invoiced or appiai&ed.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to this amendment,
I will suggest to the Senator from Rhode Island,
that there is an ambiguity in this amendment—
"meaning invoiced or appraised." It may be
invoiced at one price and appraised at another.
The appraisers sometimes raise the price. It ought
to be one or the other,-\o accomplish his object. It
seems to me it would be better to use the words
" value, where used in this act, shall be construed
the foreign value as now ascertained by existing
laws." I suppose that is what he wants: the for-
eign value as now ascertained by existing law.
As it stands,there is an ambiguity. The invoiced
price may be one thing and the appraised price
another.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator has got at what
wc mean. We think that an invoice is the value,
unless it is undervalued, and the appraisers put it
up. Then, it is appraised, and that is the value.
It means the value m themvoicc,orwhat the ap-
praisers make it, if they raise it. That is what
it means now; but if you can put the meaning in
a better form of words, I have no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think it means that
now. As to the meaning it will have, it will de-
pend on the Treasury construction whether it
shall be one thing or the other; but the two things
are different. Appraisers put the value up very
often.
Mr. BIGLER. On that point I will state, that
seeing the ambiguity of the term "valued," as
used in the original bill, I went to the Treasury
Department and consulted Mr.Guthrie, the agent
of the Treasury Department, and he told me the
term " invoiced or appiaised" would meet the
case, and be understood by the Department to be
the foreign value, or the foreign invoice, at least;
that they regarded that as correct, and the ap-
praised value where the appraisers without the
invoice was not correct. That is the way I un-
derstood it, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment 'of the select committee
was to insert, as a new section, at the end of the
bill:
Sec. 34. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all eood0. wares,
audnieiehandise actually on shipboaul and hound to the
United State?, within fifteen day- alter the passage of this
act, and ait good?, wares, and merchandise in di-po^t m
wsiehoine or public stoic on the 1st day of April. 1661,
shall be subject to pay such duties as provided bv law heiore
and at the time of the parage of this act; and all goods in
warehouse at the time tins act takes effect, on which the
duties are lessened by its provisions, may be withdrawn on
paj meat of the duties herein prov lded.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported from the select committee have
now been disposed of,
Mr. MASON. I wish to offer an amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator from Virginia
will yield, the committee have a few more amend-
ments to suggest.
Mr. MASON. Certainly. I thought you wore
through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
