APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Appropriations, New Offices, &o.
36th Cong....2d
Indian service in JVeio Mexico.
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in New Mexico, piesentsof goods, ag-
ricultural implements, and other useful arti-
cles, and to assi&t them to locate in pemianent
abodes, and sustain themselves bythe puisuit
of civilized, life, to he expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Interior $50,000 00
Indian service in the district of country
leased from the Choctaws.
For thci Indians lately residing in Texas:
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing agncultuial implements and block,
pay of necessary employes, purchase of cloth-
ing, medicine, iron, and steel, establishment
and maintenance of schorls, and building
house* for the Indians lately residing m Texas,
in lieu ofthobe abandoned in that State, to be
expended under the direction of the Secietary
of the Interior 22,825 00
For the Wichitas and other AAffiliated Bands.
For Die expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing &aid bands with agiicultuial imple-
ments and stock, pay of ivecsary employes,
purchase of clothing, mcdicincs, iron and steel,
establishment and maintenance of bChools, and
building agency houses, to be expended under
the duection of the Secretary of the Interior.. 37,800 00
Indian service in California.
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in California, including traveling ex-
penses of the superintending agents  7,500 00
For defraying the expenses of the icmovaland
subsistence of Indians m California to reset v-
ations in that State   25;000 00
Miscellaneous.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary ex
pen sea of tiie dehvciy of Pawnee, Ponca, and
YanetonSioux annuity,goods, and provisions, 10,000 00
For insurance, transportation, and noce*saty ex-
penses of the delivery of annuitiesaiul provis-
ions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Michigan    20,350 62
For expense.-* of tiau^poitation and delivery of
annuity goods to the Blackfeet Indians for the
year  17,000 00
For insurance,transpoitation. and necessary ex-
penses of the d^hveiy of annuities and pio-
visions to the Cluppewas of Lake Supeiior... 5,762 63
For insurance, tiansportation, and necessaiy ex-
penses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Chippewa* of the Mississippi.. 3,886 75
For the compensation of five extra clerks em-
ployed ill the Indian office, under the act of
fijtil August, eigtiteeu hundred and fiftj-four,
and thud Match, eighteen hundred and fiity-
five, and uuderappiopnutiona madeliom year
to yeat     7,000 00
For compensation of one clerk m the Indian
oflicc, to enable the Secietary of the Inteiior
to carry out the regulations pre-.ci ibed to gn e
effect to the seventh section of the act of
Match thud, eighteen hundred and fifty-live,
giauting bounty lands to Indiana  1,400 00
For compensation of two extra cleikf m the In-
dian office, employed to cauvoutthe treaty
with the Cinekasavvs m the adjustment of their
claims  2,800 00
For expenses attending the vaccination of In-
dians   2,500 00
For the survey of the Ponca icscrve  250 00
For compensation of five supetvf>oi  foi the
rescivations in California, to instruct the In-
dians in hu.-baiuitv, at one thousand eight
hundred dollais each, per act nineteenth June,
eighteen hundied and sixty  9,000 00
For compensation ot twenty laboieis, to aid
each ot the supei vigors, (which compensation
not to excecd fifty dollars per mouth,) pei act
nineteenth of June, eighteen hundied and
sixtv ....T  12,000 00
Fen defraying the expenses ot the lemoval and
subsistence of Indians in Oiegon and Wash-
ington Territoiy, (not parties to anytieaty,)
and for pay of necessary employes..  50,000 00
For the geneial incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritory, including insurance and transpoitation
of annuities, goods, and presents, (where no
special provision therefoi is made by treaties,)
and office and traveling expenses of the super-
intendent, agents, and sub-agents  35,000 00
For pavment to the Si&seeton and Wah-pa-ton
bauds of the Dakota or Sioux Indians, for their
resei vation on the Mmnes-ota rivei,in the State
of Minnesota, containing five hundied and
sixty-nine thousand six hundred acres, at
thirty cent* per acre 1/0,880 00
For payment to theMed-a-wa-kan-ton andWah-
pa-koo-ta bands of the Dakota or Sioux In-
dians, for theii leseivation on the Minnesota
nver, in the State of Minnesota, containing
three hundred and twenty thousand acres, at
tlmty cent* pei acre    96,000 00
Forgeneial incidental expenses of the Indians
m the Territory of Utah on i enervations therein
remote fiom emigrant routes, purchase ot ag-
ncultuiai implements and stock cattle, and
for the erection of houses, &c., including the
necessary traveling expenses of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, agents, clerk hue,
&e   4.),000 00
For salary of one superintending agent for the
northern districtot the Indian service in Cali-
fornia from twenty-eighth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty, when lie entered on his du-
ties, to thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, per act nineteenth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, at three thousand six
hundred dollars per annum    $'3,629 67
For salary of one superintending agent for the
southern district of the Indian service in Cali-
fornia from nineteenth September, eighteen
hundred and sixty, when he cnteied on his
duties, to thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, at three thousand six hundred dol-
lars per annum, per act ot nineteenth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty  2,512 08
For salaries of five supervisors to the Indian res-
ervations iu California to instruct the Indians
in husbandry, at eighteen hundied dollars per
annum each, for the half year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundied and sixty-one, per act
nineteenth June, eighteen hundred and sixty.. 4,500 00
For compensation to twenty laborcis for the five
rescivations in California, at fifty dollars per
month, for the half year ending thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, pei act nine-
teenth June, eighteen hundied and sixty  6,000 00
For salaiy foi an additional agent for the Indian
service in New Mexico Irom twenty second
August, eighteen hundred and sixty, when he
executed his official bond, to thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, per act of
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and sixty,
at fifteen hundred dollais per annum  1,289 90
For salary of an agent to the Ponca Indians from
the twenty-first August, eighteen hundied and
si\t\, when he executed his official bond, to
thiitieth June,eighteen hundredandsixtv-oue,
at fiiteen hundied dollar per annum, pei act
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundied and sixty, 1,296 19
Forsalaiy foi an agent to I he Pawnees, fiom eigh-
teenth October, eighteen hundred and M\tv,
when he executed his official bond, to thirtieth
June, eighteen hundied and sixty-one, at fif-
teen hundied dollais per annum, per act of
twenty-filth June, eighteen hundied and sixty, 1,055 70
For salaiy for an agent to the Yancton Sioux tot
the fiscal 3 ear ending the thntieth June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, per fifteenth aiti-
v'i-s of treatv of nineteenth Apnl, eighteen hun-
dred and fiity-eight  1,500 00
Foi payment of such permanent improvements i
a* may have been made by claimants to land
on the reserve named in the second ai ticlc ot
tieaty of tenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, with the Rogue River Indians,
pei second and thiid aitides ol said treaty.... 2,000 00
For ill leais of intei est due th-t Januaiy, eighteen
bandied and &i\ty one, on seventy thousand
dollais. five nei centum bonds of tne State of
Indiana.     7,000 00
Foi expense^ attending tbe negotiation ot the
tieaties of nineteenth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, with the Lower and Upper
Sioux Indians, pei tenth amele^ of said tiea
tie,-, or «•<) much theieot its may he necessary
lor the expense* actually inclined  15,865 16
For pavment to the Choctaw nation or tube of
Indians on account ol their claim under the
eleventh and twelfth articlesof the tieaty with
said nation oi tube made the twenty-second
of June, eighteen hundied and fifty-live f>00,000 00
Foi the relict of destitute Indians, and with the
view of pieventnig sufi'enng and staivation
among the Indian tubes who have failed in
i aiding crops tiom the drought of lau sum-
mLn . f 1     50,000 00
$2,"<20,0-11 68
By the act for the relief of "William A. Linn's
estate.
For payment of a judgment rendered by the circuit court
in and for the county ot Saint Louis State of Missomi,
at its Oclobei teun of the year eighteen hundied and
lijty-pcven, in favor of Thomas C. IleynohK and against
the late William A. Linn, lor services in defending said
Linn in a suit brougnt against him bv William II. bel-
cher and Charles Belchei.on account ot nets done by
vaui Linn as an officer of the United States [ Indefinite.]
To pay to said Reynolds a like additional sum,
in satisfaction oi his demand in another suit
brought bv him in the Saint Louis court of
common pleas m and for said county of Saint
Louts, against said Linn, and now pending
against said Linn's, aduiim^tratorfoi other like
service" m defending said Linn [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Lieutenant George L.
Hartsuff, United States Army.
For the amount lo-t bv wreck of steamer Lady Elgin, it
being the amount of public funds he had in his posses-
sion while tra\ehng und> r otderc on hoard of >aid
steamer, in the month of September, eighteen hundred
and sixty, which sum he subsequently paid over to his
successor, in order to balance his accounu on the books
of the Tieasury Department 
By the act for the relief of Richard C. Martin.
! For a lost draft drawn by G. \V. Baibour, formerly Indian
i commissioner in Cti.lornfa. on Riddick McKee, dis-
1 buiM.ig agent, in tav.n ofThotna* W. Lane, tor beeves
! furni-hed to the Government, winch said (Irak was
accepted by said Riddick McKee, and afterwards trans-
ferred and delivered to said Martin..,. .. $1,050 Oft
By the act for the relief- of O.-F. D. Fairbanks,
Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company.
To pay O. F. D. Fairbanks the sum of two hundred and
fifty dollars; to pay Frederick Dodge, Indian agent at
Carson's Valley, six hundred and fourteen dollars and
thirty-eight cents ; and to pay the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company four hundred and twelve dollars and fifty
cents for transpoitation, clothing, and board of the sur-
vivors of the Sublette Cut-off massacre, in Utah Terri-
tory, on the twenty-seventh of July, anno Domini eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine ..  $1,270 88
By the act for the relief of the children of the late
Captain E. A. Capron.
For arrears due on a pension granted August twentieth,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven..... $300 Oft
Ey the act for the relief of David V. "Whiting.
For hisservices as translator for the territorial government
of New Mexico, fiom the eighth day of March, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fitty-one, to the twenty-
first day of September, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and fifty-two   • • ♦ ♦ $3,040 0Q
By the act for the relief of Moses Meeker.
For the amount of rent exacted by the United States agents
of load mine? from Moses Meeker for lead mined and
smelted upon the lands of the Ottawa, Pottawatomie,
Chippewa, Winnebago, or other tribes of Indians, prior
to the purchase thereofby the United States, [Indefinite.}
By the act for the relief of Aaron H. Palmer.
For full compensation for his labor and research in collect-
ing information, and preparing the same for the use of the
Government, lelative to the oriental nations, and partic-
ularly Japan   $*3,000 00
By the act for the relief of John Peebles.
Foi his services as suiveyor, performed under the direc-
tion of John Cutbbert, timber agent for the bouthem dis-
trict of Alabama $23 00
By the act for the relief of Townsend Harris or
his heirs or legal representatives.
Foi his service< and expenses in negotiating a treaty of
commerce between the kingdom of Siam and the United
State.* , $10,000 00
By the act for the relief of William Cowley.
Foi additional allowance as clerk, under the provisions of
the second section of the a Act making appropriations
foi th" civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government,'*
armioved Anglic thirty-one, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two oo
By the act for the relief of Randall Pegg.
For the diftcience between the pay allowed him as a
watchman on the construction of the Patent Otfiee ex-
tension and that allowed to other watchmen....$199 58
By the act for the relief of Samuel S. Green.
For p.ument of the fines imposed bythe Post Office De-
paitment on Samuel S. Gieen, of New Orleans, while
carivmg the mail on loute number three thousand five
hundied and t luce, from New Orleans and other ports on
the Cult ot Mexuo, to Key West and back, when he
f;nled to depuri ttom or arrive at any poit named in his
contract with the mails at preciselv •< schedule time,"
and the balance due him on his eontiact...[Iiidefinine.3
| By the act for the relief of Azel Spalding;,
j For payment of two pei centum on moneys disbursed by
iuin as pension agent in the year eighteen hundred and
foity-one     $226 69
By the act for the leiiefof Captain Alexander V.
Fraser.
For an allowance of Unity-five com* a ration upon eleven
thou-und two bundled lalton* furnished by him to the
Government for the ciew ot the United States revenue
cutter Lawience, in the year eighteen hundred and fony-
mne  $3,020 00
By the act for the relief of Samuel Perry.
For the amount which wa* improperly deducted from his
ireightforthe transportation of Indian supphesm the year
eighteen hundred and thirty-^even, a portion of which
were lOat by the sinking ot a fiatboat $638 98
By the act for the relief of Messrs. Ooale& Barr.
Forpuhli-dung the law of the second session of the Thirty-
Second Congress in the Abingdon Virgmiau ... .$204 00
By the act for the relief of Augustus H. Evans.
For his service1? as cicrk in the State of Missouri, during
the years eighteen bundled and thirty-five and eighteen
hundied and Unity   00
