APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJS.
36TII CONG. ... 2D
Appropriation, New Offices, &c.
By the act for the relief of Richard Chenery.
For the construction by the latter of the granite paving on
Battery street, in front of the United States custom-bouse
■a£ Sao Francisco    • • .$3,850 00
By the act for the relief of John Y. Sewell.
jsqi; services in the restoration of tho United States mail lost
from tha steamer Southerner .on the coast of Washington
Territory, an&for expenses incurred in obtaining the same
from the Indians who had it in their possession. .§1,000 00
By the act for the relief of John H. Wheeler.
For losses by exchange, for property destroyed at Granada,
expenses incurred in taking testimony at San Juan del
Norte, and for relief extended to distressed American cit-
izens crossing the Isthmus dining the interval between
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and October,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six .$5,715 20
By the act for the relief of Eliza B. Mills, widow
of Robert Mills.
For services of the said Robert Mills as architect in prepar-
ing awl furnishing plans and estimates for a marine hos-
pital at New Orleans and a public printing office in the
city of Washington... $>>00 00
By the act for the relief of Henry Rice.
For repayment to him of that sum paid by him into the
Treasury as and for duties upon goods imported into Cas-
ting while in possession of the British forces, the same
not beimr by law subject to the payment of duty under
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States...    $10,539 88
By the act for the relief of Taylor Dudley, of
Minnesota.
For services as clerk of the United States district court for
the second and third judicial districts ofthe late Territory
of Minnesota.    $;*"0 M
By the act for the relief of Thomas G-. Corbin.
To nav Lieutenant Thomas G. Corbin, United States
  $293 hr>
By the act for the relief of Daniel B. Hibbard.
For his service'? in transporting the United States mail be-
tween the villages of St. John's and Lyons, in tho State
of^Michigan, under hi* agreement with the deputy post-
master at said St. Joh n's 00
By the act for the relief of Hoclcada'y and Ligget.
For damages sustained by them in reduction of pay for
carrying the mails on route number eight thousand nine
liundicd and eleven £10.000 00
By the joint resolution directing the accounting
' officers of the Treasury to settle the accounts
ofthe late Robert Stockton, quartermaster, and
so forth.
To settle the accounts ofthe late Robert Stockton, of New
Jersey, an assistant quartermaster and forage master m
the war ofthe Revolution,and pay to hi* legal heirs- and
representatives such cum oi Minis as may be shown dne
upon sufficient pioot of his seiviccs as quartermaster
afore&aid [Indefinite.]
By the joint resolution for the benefit of George
H.Giddinga.
For services on that portion of the mute eight thousand and
seventy-six, Iving between El JL'aso and San Antonio, m
accordance vvitli the order of Postmaster Geneial A. V.
Brown, of October twenty-third, eighteen hundred and
fiftv-eight, aftci deducting whatever has been received
thereon up to Juno thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one. on proof being furnished that the tups have been
perfot tned .[Indefinite.]
RECAPITULATION.
Legislative, executive, judicial, civil, and miscellanc-
 ' .  #12,501.060 83
Diplomatic and consular  l,0o'6,562 00
Indian department, rcvolutionaiy, invalid,
and otWr pension's  3,809.344 08
Armv, fortification?, Military Academy, and
military load-.  16,03S.64n 41
Suppie^sion ol Indian hostilities  3,2.1 S,.">12 20
Po^t office  2L66#}1M PS
Navat    12,790,070 11
$71.004.0."j3 00
"* Tins amount embraces a double appropuation for
$5,391,350 63 for the «amc object; one being an appropu-
ation out of anv money in the Ticdsury, and contingent
upim tho insufficiency of the icvcnue^of the Post Office
Department, outof wluch the other is appiopriated to meet
the same.
ii.—officers created and the salaries
thereof.
By the act (chap. 20, January 29, 1861) for the
admission of Kansas into the Union.
A jud^e, attorney, and marshal of the United States for
the distiict of Kansas, to be entitled to the same compen-
sation as the judge, marshal, and attorney for tne district
of Minnesota.
By the act (chap. 30, February 8, 1861) to pro-
vide for a superintendent of Indian affairs for
Washington Territory and additional agents.
A superintendent of Indian affairs for Washington Ter-
ritory. at an annual salary of twenty-five hundred dollars.
Three additional Indian agents for the said Territory at
an annual salary of fifteen bundled dollars each.
By the act (chap. 38, February 18,1861) malting
further provision in relation to consolidated
land offices.
The register of the consolidated land office at Booneville,
Mwsouii, to appoint, when necessary,one oi moie cleiks,
at a reasonable per diem compensation.
By the act (chap. 45, February 20, 1861) to
carry into effect conventions between the Uni-
ted States and the Republics of New Granada
and Costa Rica.
A commissioner to investigate and determine the claims
of citizens of the United State against the Republic of
New Granada; to leceivc in full for hUservices two thou-
sand five hundred dollais.
A secretary and interpreter. In full foi his services two
thousand dollars.
A clerk to be appointed by the commissioner. Compen-
sation not stated.
A commissioner to investigate and determine the claims
of citizens of the United States against the Republic of
Costa Rica ; to receive in full for his services two thou-
sand five hundred dollais.
By the act (chap. 57, February 27, 1861) estab-
lishing ceitain post routes.
A principal messenger to the office of each of the three
Assistant I'ohtmastms General, at an annual sahu> of eight
hundred and lorty dollais.
By the act (chap. 59, February 28, 1861) to pro-
vide a tempoiary government for the Territory
of Colorado.
A Govemoi of the Terntory, who shall act a* Miperiri-
tendent of Indian afiait s, at an annual salary o( filteen bun-
dled dollais as Governor, and one thousand dollais as
bupenntendent of Indian ail'.tns.
A hccietary of tho Tcmtory, at an annual salary of eigh-
teen bundled dollais.
A chief justice and two associate justices of the supreme
eomt ofthe Temtoiy, at an annual salary of eighteen hun-
dted dollais each.
A mai*hal for the Teiritory,to receive two hundred dol-
lais per annum and fees.
An attorney for the Territory, to reecive the same com-
pensation as was allowed to the attorney for the late Ter-
ritory of Oiegor).
A cleik foi the Mipieme eomt and one for each judicial
du'tuct ofthe Terutoiy. Compensation not stated.
A suiveym geneial for the Temtoiy, at an annual salaiy
ofthiee thousand dollais.
Justices of the peace for the Territory. Number and
compensation not stated.
Nine membeisof the legislative council, which maybe
ineieased to tlmteen, and thirteen member* of the bouse
of lepie^entativ.-1* of the Territory, which may he indented
to twenty-six, each to leceive thtee dollar* per day dining
their attendance at the se^ions, and three dollais toi evuy
twenty unless of tiavel going to and ictuiniug fiom the
same
A delegate in Congress; to receive the pay and mileage
ol a member of (Jongiess.
By the act (chap. 83, March 2, 1861) to organize
the Territory of JNcvada.
A Governor of the Terutoiy, who shall act a* supcrin-
tendent of Indian affairs, at an annual salary of fifteen
humhed dollais as Governor, and one thousand dollars as
supeimtcndent of Indian afians.
A secretary ofthe Temtoiy, at an annual salary of eigh-
teen bundled dollars.
A chief justice and two associate justices of the Teiri-
torv, at an annual r-alaij ot eighteen hundred dollars each.
A mar.-hal for the Terntory; to receive two bundled
dollars pei annum andfet^.
An attorney for the Teiritoiy. who shall leceive two
bundled and hfr, dollais per annum and tees.
A cleik for the supieinc eouil and one for each judicial
district ofthe Terutoiy Compensation not «tated.
Justices ofthe peace lot the Teiutory. Number and
compensation, not stated
A ruiveyor geneial lor the Temtoiy of Nevada. Com-
pensation. tluec thousand dollar-* pei annum.
Nine members ofthe legislative council of the Terri-
tory, which maybe incteaM'd to thnteen, eaeli to be al-
lowed thiee d >!lais per day dining their attendance at the
sessions, and thiee dollai/ior every twenty miles of travel
going to and returning fiom the bame.
Thirteen member of the house of repiesentatives,
winch may be increased to twenty-six, each to icceive
three dollars per day'duiing their attendance at the session,
and three dollars for every twenty miles of travel going to
and returning from the same.
A delegate to the flouse of Representatives of the united
States; to receive pay and mileage of a member ot the
House of Representatives.
By the act (chap. 85, March 2, 1881) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
, fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1861.
For compensation of two extra cleiks in the Indian office
for the adjustment of Clugkasaiv claims, two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
By the act (chap. 86, March 9, 18G1) to pro-
'vide a temporary government for the Territory
of Dakota, and to create the office of surveyor
general therein.
A Governor of the Territory, to act also as superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, at an annual salaiy of fifteen hundred
dollar^ as Governor, and one thousand dollais as supenn-
tendent of Indian aifairo.
A secretai v ofthe Territory, at an annual salary of eigh-
teen hundred dollars.
Nine members of the legislative council, -which may be
incteased to thirteen, and tlmteen members of the house
of representatives, which may be mended to twenty-six,
to receive, each, three dollais per day duiing their attend-
ance at the sessions of the Legislature, and thioe dollars
for every twenty miles oi tiavel goingto and letuiningfrom
the same.
A chief justice and two associate justices of the supreme
eomt of the Tenitory, who shall each receive an annual
salaiv of eighteen hundred dollars.
A clerk ofthe supieme court and three other clerks, one
for each distiict court, to be appointed by the respective
courts; compensation, the same lees as aie allowed to
cleiks ofthe district court* of Nebraska.
J ustices of the pcace tor the Tei ritory. Number and com-
pensation not stated.
An attorney for the Territory, to receive' tho same fees
and talaiv as are allowed to the attorney for Nebraska.
A maifhal for the Teiutory, who shall be entitled to the
same fees a-5 the maishal for "the Territory ol Xehiaska. and
an addition thereto ot two bundled dollais per annum.
A delegate to the House ot Itepiesentative^ ot ilie TTnited
States \\~ho Miall be entitled to the pay and mileage ot a
membei of' the flon^e of Kepie-entatives.
A su 1 ve\ 01 geneial tor the Temtoiy, whoso compensa-
tion and allowances foi clerk hire, &e., shall be the same
as aie allowed to the tuiveyoi geneial of Nebiaska and
Kansas.
A iegi<ter and receiver for the Yancton land di^tuct in
Dakota, to be allowed the -ame compensation as i„< allowed
by Jaw to otbei land oflicei^ m the United States.
By the act (chap. 88, March 2, 1861) in addition
to "An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts."
Tlnee cxammors-in-chief for the. Patent Office, each at
an annual «;tlniy of three thoi^and dollars.
The Commissioner oi Patents is authorized to appoint
such additional number of principal examiner'-, and fiibt
and sccond a^i^tant examiners not to exceed fom of each
class, as the business of his office may fiom time to time
require.
iii.—oftices, tiie salaries of which have
been increased with the amount of such
increase.
By the act (chap. 38, February 18,1861) making
farther provision in relation to consolidated
land offices.
The legister ofthe consolidated land distiict* at Bonne-
ville, Missouri, to leceive additional fees foi additional
duties, but his compensation not to exceed bv < uch meiea^e
thiee thousand dollar.s pet annum ; the receiver ot the con-
solidated land di>tuets at ilooneviile to icceive an equal
bhdie ofthe additional lee> allowed to the legertei.
By the act (chap. 49, February 21,1861) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862.
The pay ofthe fiift cleiks to commandants at the navy-
yards at Portsmouth, New Uampshue, and Philadelphia,
increased from nine hundred to twelve bundled doilais per
annnm.
The p.i\ ofthe fust cleik to the commandant at th-"1 navy-
vaid at'Maie Island. California, u.cieascd fiom tune hun-
dred to hitccn hundied dollars pei annum.
By the act (chop. 88, IMarcli 2, 1861) in addition
fo " An aet to promote the progress ot' the use-
ful arts."
Office ot ('ommissionei of Patents, salary increa-ed from
thiee thousand to four thousand dollais per annum.
Office or chieJ cleik 111 the PatentOShcu. s,i!aiv increased
fioiri two thou-and to tu 0 tuousand live hundred per annum.
Office of hbiattan to the Patent Office, salary mciea^ej
from sixteen hundied dohais to eigiitecn hundred doilais
per annum.
