952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
years, from which it will Efppear that the amount
received in 1847-8 was $21,238. This gradually
increased, until in 1857-8 the revenue derived
was $600,764; but, in consequence of the inad-
vertence of which the Senator from Ohio spoke,
the revenue under the present tariff on this article
has run down to $67 a year. Sixty-seven dollars
and thirty-five cents was the total amount received
in 1859-60. Wo imported in 1858-59, flaxseed to
the value of $3,243,174; in 1859-60, $2,415,243;
thus showing that the present tariff on this article
amounts to nothing as the law now stands.
One other fact. It appears that in 1855-56 the
amount of flaxseed imported was 1,102,545 bush-
els, the valuation of which was $1,009,381. In
1856-57 the amount importedwas 1,696,294 bush-
els, and the valuation $1,741,260. This shows
that the valuation has been in the neighborhood
of about $1 per bushel. At 20 per cent., then, the
duty would be 20 cents per bushel. The Senator
from Ohio proposes to make it 16 cents on the
bushel, or about 16 per cent.; being 20 per cent,
less under the proposition than it was hitherto,
previous to the committal of the mistake to which
he has alluded.
Mr. SIMMONS. I agree most fully with the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Iowa,
that this is a proper subject of taxation, and that
we should get revenue from it; and that is the ob-
ject we had in fixing it at 10 cents a bushel. The
manufacturers have been indulged for four years
in importing this article without any duty; the
trade is very large; and it is a mere question of
how far we shall go. I do not hesitate to say
that the proposition of the Senator from Ohio is
not an extravagant duty on this article. Some-
times it will be rather high, sometimes low, ac-
cording to the market price; but at the same time
there is an immense amount of this trade. I have
the returns of last year, showing that there were
imported 2,200,000' bushels; and we did not raise
more than about 500,000 bushels in this country.
You cannot expect to supply this country with
2,000,000 bushels in a short time. There were
1,500,000 gallons of oil imported last year. There
is a duty on that oil of 16 cents, by this bill. That,
1 think, will help you. That is a good duty on
the oil, and if the Senator had offered this avncnd-
nientfor 15centsabushel onthe flaxseed,I should
voted with liim; but as he and I are so much in
favor of compromise, perhaps we can agree to it
in that way.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will not press this amendment. This kind of seed
has come into the country free for some years.
A large business has grown up under it. That
business has to meet the rivalry of other nations.
Now the bill proposes a duty of 10 cents per
bushel. That, I think,is enough. At any rate,
I hope we shall start on that; but I candidly be-
lieve that if this amendment be adopted, the im-
portations will be diminished to a great extent.
As has been shown plainly and clearly, the amount
produced in this country now is utterly insignif-
icant; and I think that to start at this time with
the large duty proposed by the Senator from Ohio,
would be injurious to the interests of the country.
So far as my own State is concerned, I know it
would be largely so.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to prolong this
discussion; but I would admonish gentlemen that,
in making up this tariff bill, we ought to endeavor
to be as liberal as we can. The State of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts gets something out of it;
so do other States. I do not place it on any such
local basis at all. I say the duty which I pro-
pose on this article of flaxseed is less than is im-
posed upon almost any ether article in the bill.
It will notamount,under my amendment, to more
than_ 16 per cent., hardly that, as a general rule,
and it is an interest that can be promoted; the
article can be produced in the West to any amount
whatever; and if there is any homo production
that ought to be encouraged,it is this. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island admits all that. I know
very well that in consequence of the mistake which
was committed in the tariff of 1857, by which this
article came in entirely free uf duty, there, have
been laige importations here, and manufactories
have sprung up along the Atlantic coastwhich are
now interested in keeping it free, and keeping us
down in its production, as has been done; but it
is altogether wrong, unjust, and unequal. I hope
my amendment will prevail.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. RICE, when his name was called, said:
I have paired off with the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] on this question.
The result was announced—yeas 29, nays 9;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bi?ler, Bingham,
Brag!;, Bright, Chandler,Clark, U!in;man, Doolittle, Doug-
]<!«, Fossenden, Green, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Harkui, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Nicholson,
Polk, Powell, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilkin&on—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Durkee, Foot, Foster, King, Latham,
Pearce, Sunnier. Ten Eyek, and Wilson—9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all after the word "unmanufactured,"
in the sixth line of the twelfth section, to the word
"provided," in the thirty-fourth line, and insert:
Shall be subject to a duty of20 per cent, ad valorem.
The section as it stands admits free of duty all
coarse wool, and subjects to taxation that alone
of the finer qualities. If this bill should pass,
which I very much fear, I think our manufactur-
ing friends will have the advantage of us. They
manufacture this coarse wool; and hence, I sup-
pose, they desire it to come in free of duty.
There is scarcely a farmer in the whole valley of
the Mississippi, or in this Union, but grows
more or less of this coarse wool. If it is the ob-
ject of gentlemen to protect the great laboring
interests of the country, while they are taxing it
for the benefit of other interests, I hope this
amendment will prevail, to place a tax of 20 per
centum ad valnrem on all wool. As the bill
stands, it is only the finer wool which is taxed—
wool that is consumed but little by the manufac-
turing interests of this country; for I believe that
the higher descriptions of cloths are manufactured
to a very limited extent in this country. I think
the farmers of the country who raise coarse wool
should have this protection against the coarse
wools of South America.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the Chair.) Will the Senator state his amend-
ment ae;ain >
Mr. POWELL. The twelfth section now reads:
On all wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca,
goat, and other like animals, unmanufactured, the value
whereof at the last port or place fiom whence exported to
the Umted States shaltexceed ]8cents pprponnd and shall
not exceed '24 cents per pound, there sdiall be levied, col-
lected, and paid, a duty of 3 cents per pouud; exceeding 24
cents per pound, there shall be levied, coilectcd,and paid,
a duty of 9 cents per pound : Provided, That any wool of
the sheep, or hair of the alpaca, the goat, and other like
animals which shall be imported m any other than the ordi-
nary condition, as now and heretofore practiced, or which
shall be changed in its charactci or condition for the pur-
pose of evading the duty, or which shall be reduccd in value
by the adnu\tuie of dirt or any foreign &ub*tance to 18
cents per pound, or less, shall ho subject to pay a duty of 9
cents per pound, anything in this act to the contrary not-
withstanding: FrondedaU'O, That when wool of different
qualities is imported m the same bale, bag, or package, and
the aggregate value of the contents of the bale, bag, or pack-
age shall be appiaised by the appraisers at a rateexccedmg
21 cents per pound, it shall be charged with aduty ot 0 cents
per pound : Pro ruled farther, That if balet of different qual-
ities are embraced in the same invoice, at the same price,
wheieby the average price shall be lessened more than 10
per centum, the value, of the whole shall be appraised ac-
cording to the vake1 of the hale of the host quality, and no
bale or bales shall be liable to a less rate of duty in conse-
quence ol being invoiced with wool of lower value.
I propose t@ strike out all this complication,
and make it read simply—
All wool unmanufactured, and all hair of the alpaca,
gout, ami other like animal?, unmanufactured, shall be
subject to a duty ot 20 per centum ad valoiem.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose an amendment
to that amendment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the eighth line of the twelfth section,
the words " shall exceed 18 cents per pound
and;" and I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to that. That would leave
the duty on all wool valued under 24 cents a '■
pound, at 3 ceritsa pound. He proposes to levy \
an ad vulorem duty. I object to that, because
there is more deception, more fraud, in the im-
portation of wool than of any other article. The
wool that comes to this country is brought from
Australia and Buenos Ayres, and from other for-
eign countries, m the dirt, and nearly the whole
of it is valued under IScentsa pound; and conse-
quently enters free under the present tariff. I have
sent to the Treasury and got a statement of the
quantity of wool imported for the last three years.
For the year ending June 30, 1859, there was im-
ported free wool to the value of $4,363,121; and
for the year ending June 30, 1860, wool to the
value of §4,450,658 free. Rating that wool at 20
cents a pound, the importations of free wool un-
der the present tariff amount to over 22,000,000
pounds for those two years. At the same time the
quantity introduced which paid duty, amounted
only,for the entire two years, to 1,788,299 pounds.
The duty altogether collected) in the year ending
June 30, 1859, was $19,639 92; and for the year
ending June 30, 1860, §93,958 56. Thus it is
seen that of the vast amount of wool which is im-
ported into the country, nearly the whole of it
comes free under this system of valuation, which
introduces the wool in the dirt into this coun-
try. The Australian wool, most of it very fine,
which comes directly in competition with the wool
produced m this country, after it is cleansed,
is received by the manufacturer entirely free of
duty.
Now, sir, the capacity of this country to pro-
duce wool, as the Senator from Kentucky says,
is perfectly unlimited. The great western coun-
try, and portions even of the southern country,
the mountainous districts of Virginia and Ten-
nessee and Kentucky, and especially the great
prairies of Iowa and Illinois and Texas and Mis-
souri, have unlimited capacity for the produciion
of wool; and if you are going to protect anything,
if you lay a heavy duty on the woolen goods that
are produced in this country—and I believe this
tariff increases the duty on woolen goods—why
not do a little something for the benefit of the agi i-
culturist, the man that consumes the goods and
pays the duty ? This, together with the article of
flaxseed,is about the only thing that the farmers
of this country are to be protected in at all. The
present system of introducing this wool free of
duty m the dirt, and then cleaning it, and bringing
it directly into competition with the wool of this
country, of course is opposed to the production
of wool here. If this country could not produce
wool enough to supply all the manufacturers, and
have a large quantity for export besides, there
might be a necessity for introducing it free; but
that is not the case. Even in Michigan, now, it
is the second article of our production. Next to
wheat is wool; and in Wisconsin, Illinois, Iowa,
and all those great States of the West, an unlim-
ited quantity of wool can be produced. And the
coarser wools,the common wools, the Leicesters,
and the South Downs, come directly into com-
petition with this free wool.
I have no objection to paying a duty to help to
protect the manufacturer; but while that is done,
give us a little protection for the wool. . I am a
wool-producer; I am a wool-raiser myself; and I
am willing to go into competition with all the
world in the raising of wool, if you will gue me
the privilege of going where I please, to buy my
cloth; but if you tax the cloth in this country,
and make our farmers pay a high price for it, give
them a little benefit in an inducement to raise
wool.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered hy the Senator from Michigan is first
in order, that being to perfect the section before
the question shall be taken on striking out.
Mr. SIMMONS. I concur in most of what baa
been said in reference to encouraging the growth
of wool, and the growth of flaxseed. I do not
keepmany sheep, but I would like to encourago
farming as much as I can." This bill was framed
in the House of Representatives, after a great deal
of intercourse and arrangement between those
who used wool and those who raised it; and there
was a ffreatdpal of irritation there in regard to it.
They finally quieted down on all sides, f believe,
with this arrangement. It puts wool valued at
between 18and 24 cents a pound at 3 cents a pound
duty, and that above 24 at 9 rents. If I were a
wool-grower, I would rather have a high duty on
the fine article. A sheep that grows wool worth
only 18 cents a pound, is not fit to be kept in the
United States. I would not have such sheep. We
put 9 cents a pound duty on wool worth from 24
cents up to whatever amount it may go, hut such
wool, it is well enough known, is from 35 to t>0
cents a pound in this country, and we want to en-
courage the growing of that wool. This cuiirse,
