1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dog's hair kind of wool that comes from Buenos
Ayres and som&parts of Australia, is very poor
stuff, and it is not good policy to undertake to
raise it here. I agree that there is some fine wool
from Australia, which comes m m the dirt, and
in that way may get in at a valuation of between
18 and 24 cents. The present law is, that all wool
above 20 cents a pound pays a duty, and below
20 it is free. It is found that there is a good deal
of management to get in tfSe wool under 20 cents.
X was for having 16 cents the limit, so as to catch
everything imported that was fit for manufactur-
ing; but in the House of Representatives a com-
promise was made putting the limit at 18 cents.
All the wools that we have had any information
about, that come at all m competition with the
Amorican wools, are between 18 and 70 cents.
That between 18 and 24 pays a duty of 3 cents a
pound under this bill. It is very dirty; and I sup-
pose by the time it gets to be cleaned wool, it is
subject to the 9 cents a pound duty.
I fear that we shall get into a very unfortunate
difficulty with the other House by making this
amendment. 1 agree with what the Senator from
Michigan says, that the wool ought to payaduty
which comes in and interferes with our wool; but
it does pay a good duty, if it is over IS cents a
pound, under this bill; and I trust the arrange-
ment in the bill will not be disturbed. I think I
can satisfy anybody, that the getting in of these
coarse wools free of duty, where they really are
coarse, for blankets, gives us the entire control of
the market for blankets, which would go from us
if we did not have it so. The Senator from Mich-
igan says .we have not taken care of the wool in-
terest, but we have increased the duties on the
manufactured article. Sir, we have not increased
the duties on woolen goods. We have rather low-
ered them; but we put a pound duty on woolens
equivalent to the duty paid on wool, so that the
manufacturers should not come here and say "You
have raised the duty on wool; and left us out in
the cold." There is just the same additional duty
put on the woolens as on wool. That has been
adjusted. If you go to altering it, it will force the
committee to readjust the whole matter. If the
Senator had had this bill to manage as long as I
have had, and as many people to satisfy as 1 have
had, first on one side and then on the other, he
would find that it was somewhat troublesome to
reconcile all parties; but the provision, as it is in
the bill, finally reconciled ali paitics in the other
House; and t trust the amendment will not pre-
vail.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Rhode Isl-
and objects to an amendment of this section be-
cause, he says, those who are interested in the
consumption and use of these coarse wools from
South America have settled on it as it is in this
bill. Now, I suppose there is not a Senator here
but fully understands the nature of the contest
that is going on about this tariff bill. It is a con-
test of capital concentrated against diffused tabor.
I am certain that none of the great agricultural
interests of the country were in the counsels of
the Senator when that section was settled upon.
If they were, their voice seems to have been of
but little avail; for their interests are not looked
to nor cared for. The Senator says that he wishes
to keep out this coarse wool, and to encourage
American wool. If that is the object, why not
tax it? That is the best way to keep it ottt.^
I fully concur in the remarks made by the Sen-
ator from Michigan on this subject; and I would
readily accept his amendment in the place of the
one 1 have offered, but for the fact that I prefer
advalmem duties. I think that a tax upon val-
ues is the only justand equitable way of taxation.
But I would suggest to my friend from Michigan
to alter his amendment and put it at 4 cents a
pound. That wouid amount to about 20 pei
cent ad valorem. However, I will vote for the
Senator's amendment. 1 admit I would prefer the
amendment that I have proposed; but I will vote
for every and any amendment to this bill that
strikes at the combination of manufacturing in-
terests to protect the great farming and laboring
interest of the country. That greatest interest of
the country has had no lobby agents here. Cham-
bers of commerce have heen here to protect the
great commercial interests of the country; the
agents of your shipping interest are^ here; your
manufacturing interests are here. Senators can
scarcely remain quiet in their chambers, at night,
for the solicitations of these agents about this tariff
bill. [ do not complain of that. It is proper that
those gentlemen should look to their interests;
but 1 venture to say, no man has been interrupted
a moment by any agent-of the great farming in-
terest of this country. I hope Senators will come
up and vote in such a manner as to protect this
great interest of the people. I shall do it when-
ever 1 have an opportunity.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, my constit-
uents have the same interest involved in this ques-
tion as those of the Senator from Michigan and
the Senator from Kentucky, and I am as anxious
to protect the wool interest as they can be; but
certainly I do not agree with them in the position
they have taken. I believe the amendment pro-
posed oy the Senator from Michigan would be
injurious to the wool-grower; and if we are to
look at the question as one of protection to the
wool-grower, I prefer the bill as it stands to the
amendment proposed either by the Senator from
Michigan or the Senator from Kentucky. I ap-
prehend there is no wool less than 18 cents a
pouiwl at a foreign port that comes in competition
with one pound of American wool. That cheap
wool is one that we do not produce, one that we
cannot produce; and yet the introduction of those
coarse wools creates a market for otu' wools of a
better character. They are necessary to be mixed
with each other for certain manufactures; and
hence we encourage the market for the wool that
we do produce by making anythatdoes not come
in competition with it free of duty, and allowing
them to be mixed, thus increasing the manufac-
ture of the article at home. I would have no ob-
jection to amending the bill by adding that wools
of a certain value, of the finest quality, may come
in free. I am willing to allow those under 15 and
10 cents, and those over a certain higher limit, to
be free. Put your duty between those two, and
then you will protect every wool-grower, and
make an additional market for every pound of
woo! made in America.
This is the result of my examinations and re-
flections upon the subject. The theory proposed
by the Senator from Kentucky, that all these du-
ties ought to be ad valorem, is a beautiful theory.
I admit it. I think the theory is just; and if the
practice were as good as the theory, I would not
listen for an instant to anything but an ail valorem
duty. But I suppose, if you will take the pains
to inquire and investigate this question, you will
find that there is a greater departure from the ad
valorem principle under an ad valorem Uirifi' than
there is under one of specific duties. I suppose
it is no longer a secret, and no man informed on
the subject will pretend to question any longer,
that it ma'y he said to be the constant habit of for-
eign importers to make false invoices, sustained
by an affidavit, on which the puichaser m this
country can cheat the Government out of one half
the duty. I have seen the evidence of that, I re-
gret to say, in this very city. You cannot now
order a dress fiom Paris without getting a letter
ibr payment at one price, and an invoice sworn
to at about half the price, to pay the duties on. I
can find the evidences of that in every department
of this Government, and call my witnesses in
every branch of the Government; not that they
have been parties to the fraud. They order the
article; and, as a matter of course, a false invoice
comes with a false affidavit sustaining it, and then
a bill with double price for you to pay for it,
thinking that you wouid pay them a good price
for the article, if they enabled you to cheat the
Government out of half the duty.
My opinion is, that this must be stopped. I
am informed, and believe, that the honest Amer-
ican importer is being driven out of business rap-
idly. It is hard work to get an American to be-
lieve that it is moral and right to import goods
under false invoices, sustained by false affidavits.
On the continent of Europe there is a very differ-
ent idea in regard to cu3tom-house oaths. A man
would not stand respectable for intelligence as a
merchant, over there, whose conscience would
shrink from favoring his customeron this side by
these little appliances of false invoices and false
oaths. For this reason, while I indorse the the-
ory of an ad valorem duty, I cannot close my eyes
to the fact that it is a series of unmitigated frauds;
and we must try to arrive at the piacticat, honest
importation, even if we have to put specific duties
in some eases to prevent these frauds. I will not
go for a specific duty, except whel-e I think it is
essential to correct fraud, and to. protect some
American interest, either from fraud or combina-
tion ; but in all such cases I am prepared to vote
for it.
Now, sir, in regard to this item of wool, it is
said that very fine wools may be brought in mixed
with dirt, and other filthy substances, lo reduce
the price below 18 cents; and then, when it is
cleaned, it is-worth 45 cents. We all know, es-
pecially those of us who investigate the question,
that those tricks have been played; and there is
a provision in this bill that guards against them.
That provision is, wherever there has been any
admixture with inferior material of any kind, so
as to bring the price below 18 cents, the very high-
est duties shall be paid, charging 9 cents duty in
that case, in order to prevent fraud. That is the
best guarantee that I can get against frauds in re-
gard to coarse wools.
Then, I come back to the point from 'which I
started: that the free list, so far as these coarse
woolens are concerned, is beneficial to the wool-
grower, instead of injurious. I am not surprised
that some Senators look with a little amazement
at such a declaration; for I thought it was an ab-
surdity when I first heard the proposition ad-
vanced ; but an investigation has satisfied me it-is
clearly so. I do not intend to go into the discus-
sion of this tariff question; I feel that I have-not
been able to investigate it as thoroughlyas I would
like. I have endeavored to examine it, and I have
made some progress. I think I have got along as
well as some Senators, and perhaps alittle better.
I have learned enough about it to know that I
know scarcely anything about it at all; and a man
makes considerable progress on a question of this
kind when he ascertains that fact. I feel that we
are striking great interests in the dark. While
we are trying to protect and save one branch of
industry, we are striking a deadly blow at an-
other. A tariff involves two conflicting princi-
ples which are eternally at war with each other.
Every tariff involves the principles of protection
and of oppression, the principles of benefits and
of burdens. Every duty levied upon the import-
ation of a foreign article, which comes in compe-
tition with our home production, is a protection
to that extent. Every duty levied upon a raw
material which we do not manufacture hero is a
tax upon the manufacturer of that article here.
Thus you find that, by protecting one interest,
perhaps you will oppose another. For instance,
if I am engaged in the manufacture of pig iron, I
want a duty that will protect my interest. You
give it to me, and then a man engaged in another
branch of the iron business comes and says that
the pig iron I manufacture is Ins raw material,
and by protecting me and my manufacture of that
article, you put a tax on his raw material to his
injury. He has been injured to the same extent
that I have been benefited; and then he Wants
protection on another point to make up for the
loss on the raw material. Thus, when you at-
tempt to discriminate for the purpose of benefit-
ing one, you are striking a blow at another. The
great difficulty is, so to adjust these conflicting
principles of benefits and burdens, as to make one
compensate for the other in the end, and give
equal benefits and equal burdens to every class
of the community.
I take it for granted that is what we are aiming
at in (his bill. I am afraid that the bill does not
accomplish it. I do not expect it to be put in
such a shape that I can vote for it; but I am de-
termined that I will help to perfect it, and make
it as little objectionable as possible, in order that,
if it does pass, it shall have the best influences
upon the country that we can hope for from a
tariff bill at this session of Congress. I shouid
not have uttered a word, but for the remarks of
the Senator from Michigan in defense of the wool
interest, and the remarks of the Senator from
Kentucky in defense of the great farming interest
of the West, in which remarks I think they have
both mistaken the interest of our section of the
country, so far as this question of wool ismvolved.
Mr.BINGHAM. Mr. President, the wool that
is imported free of duty is almost all the wool that
is imported, and that amounts to nearly twenty-
five million pounds a year. Now, if the agricultural
interest is not to receive any benefit from this tariff
law, let us strike cut the duty altogether; because,
as it now stands, it is merely nominal; it docs not
