954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
amount to anything. Let us either tax all wool
something:, or strike all the tax out.
The Senator from Rhode Island says that wool
in this country that is not worth 18 cents a pound
is not worth raising. It is against that very fraud
in valuation that I am opposed. That valuation
of wool under 20 cents a pound is all a fraud. It
is brought to this country from Australia in the
dirt, and a great deal of it is brought from Buenos
Ayres; and when it is cleaned, it comes in com-
petition with the finest wool produced in the Uni-
ted States. If you are going to tax foreign wools,
lay a duty on them. I am a producer in a small
way in Michigan of fine wool. I do notask any
protection for that, and I do not care anything
about it. We get a yerygood price for wool; it
is a very good business; and 1 want to see the
farming interest flourish,and turn their attention
more to the production of wool, so as to supply
the entire manufactures of the United States. We
have the capacity to do it. Now, what I propose
is to lay a duty on all wool, of 3 cents a pound.
On this wool valued under 20 cents a pound it
amounts to 12 per cent. That is not prohibitory.
That is not so excessive in its amount of taxation
as to affect the manufacturers in the slightest de-
gree. It only aids and helps and encourages the
production of wool in this country. Thisduty on
the finer wools is all a fraud; it is all a deception;
and this introduction of wool under 20 cents a
pound is all a fraud and a deception, because it is
fine wool that is introduced chiefly. I have been,
myself, in woolen manufactories in western New
York, two hundred miles from the seaboard, and
seen them making fine cassimeres from wool that
came from Australia, because they would not pay
40 cents a pound for American wool. I know
what I say about that, for I have seen it.
Mr. CAMERON. I have only a woid to say;
and I shall occupy no time. I think the Senator
from Michigan and the Senator from Kentucky
mistake the interests of the agriculturist on this
question. The true protection for the wool-grower
is protection for the manufacturer of these goods.
The state of business is now such that there is not
a single manufactory of broadcloth in the United
States. Under the tariff of 1842, manufactories of
that article grew up, and the finest broadcloths in
the world were made here. I repeat, there is not
now a single manufactory of that kind in the
United States.
The gentleman, speaking of his wool, reminds
me of the contest tliat there used to be in my
State in favor of protection for coal. Our coal
operators were constantly talking about protection.
Many of us them told that the wayto protect their
coal was to protect the iron, and thus make a
market for their coal. They have all become con-
vinced of it. As our iron business flourishes, so
docs the coal business; and as the wool manufac-
turers ill this country flourish, so will flourish the
wool-growers of the country. They cannot pre-
tend to export any wool; it is useless; and they
can have no market unless they have manufactories
of the article at home. Fifty years ago, the people
of the South came here with precisely the same
proposition as the Senator from Michigan now
makesaboutwool, in regard to their cotton. They
asked Congress to impose a duty of 3 cents a
pound upon all cotton that might be imported.
There was not a single ounce imported; but we
gave them the protection. It was never needed;
and so it will be in regard to wool.
I rose, however, more for this purpose than
any other: to say that this constant change of its
provisions by ourown friends is going to destroy
the bill. This bill has bepn prepared by a com-
mittee of gentlemen conversant with the subject,
men from different sections of the country, every
one of whom has had his mind upon it for a year
or more; and they must understand itbetterthan
we who are here. I have never seen any legis-
lation made in the body that is useful at all; you
must trust your committees; and we have had an
able committee on this subject. In addition to
that, we have had a select committee examining
this question; and each of them tried to guard the
interests of the country. The gentleman from
Ohio has altered one item already. It has given
some offense probably to some friends of the bill,
although that proposition may be right. If we
make another amendment, it may give offense to
somebody else. We have but a majority of two
or three, and our opponents on the other side are i
willing to vote for any amendment. I wish to do
them no injustice; but they will vote for any-
thing that is proposed, provided it will divide us,
and destroy the bill. Had we not better take the
bill as itis, relying on our own friends, and fix any-
thing wrong m it next year when we shall have
a majority here, and can correct all that is wrong ?
That seems to be the true way of getting at it;
and if all will adhere to that, we shall pass the
bill to-day, and give gladness and prosperity to
this country everywhere.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we are ad-
monished to-day to take care of the interests of
the farmers. The farmers are a very strong class
of men in this country, and I never knew any-
body bold enough to make an attack upon them.
It is a very easy thing to talk a great deal of the
interests of the farmer, for they are strong and
they are powerful; but I think thatany man who
will study the revenue system of the country for
a generation, will come to the conclusion that the
agricultural interests of the.country are promoted
more indirectly than directly—promoted by in-
creasing the commercial, the manufacturing, and
the mechanical interests, and thereby indirectly
promoting the interests of the farmers of the
country.
Now, sir, we were told four years ago, when
the tariff of 1857 was before us, and a proposition
was made to admit wool duty free under 20 cents
a pound, that it would b£ hostile to the interests
of the wool-growers of the country; and some of
them came here and protested against that change.
Commercial men—men who have studied and
mastered this whole question, who understand it
in all its bearings and relations in our own coun-
try, and m all the commercial and manufacturing
countriesin the world—came herewith facts; they
came here with this declaration: that the intro-
duction into tins country of the cheap wools of
Buenos Ayres and Australia, and other portions
of the world, worth less than 20 cents a pound,
instead of diminishing the priccs of the wool
grown in our own country, would increase the
demand for our own wool, and increase its price.
Four years of experience proved their declara-
tions to be true; and why does it, sir? The woolen
manufactories of the country four years ago were
nearly all closed. It has been stated here to-day
that the manufactories of broadcloth have ceased
nearly altogether. The manufacturers of wool in
nearly all their departments were ruined, and their
mills closed throughout the whole country. By
admitting these wools, three fourths of which arc
cheap coarse wools, when cleaned of dirt, some
fine wools, I grant, are admitted among them;
but the great mass of that wool is of a cheap,
coarse character, such as we do not raise in our
own country; by admitting those wools duty free,
the manufacturers were able to open their mills
and enlarge their business, and increase their de-
j luand for our own wools; and underthe operation
of this system, woolen manufactories have in-
creased in value and importance, and the prices
of wools m this country for four years past hawj
ruled higher than they ruled the four years pre-
ceding. This result was predicted in these Cham-
bers, four years ago, as certain and inevitable;
and I believe to-day, that if you change this, if
you strike out the admission of these cheap wools,
you will close, to a large extent, the woolen mills
of the country; and you will by that means re-
duce the price of your own native wool.
Now, sii, I concur entirely 111 what the Sena-
tor from Illinois has said upon this point. We
•raise less than seventy million pounds of wool in
our own country; I think but a little more than
sixty millions. We import from twenty to twen-
ty-five million annually. A large portion of it, in
fact nearly all of it, except a portion of the very
fine and costly wools, of which we raise very
little—a large portion of it is of that cheap char-
acter demanded by the manufacturing interests of
the country; and by the importation of it the mills
are enabled to go on and enlarge, and to purchase
our own wools, and that, too, at high prices; and
experience has shown that, instead of these wools
reducing the price of our own wools, they have
increased those prices by being brought into the
country free, and being mixed m the manufacture
of our own better sort of wools.
Mr. WADE. Is it now in order to move to
amend the amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, There are two
amendments now pending. The amendment of
the Senatorfrom Michigan is first in order, as that
proposes to perfect the section ;and then the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, which pro-
poses to strike out. No amendment can now be
received as in order.
Mr. WADE. I believe I represent the greatest
wool-growing State in the Union. That interest
has been thriving under the present tariff, I do not
know but satisfactorily; but I do not now wish
to raise the duty on wool. I am satisfied with
that in the original bill, if it can be carried out
honestly and fairly; but I have reason to believe,
and do believe, that under the tariff as it stands
a large amount of wool comes into this country
free which really and honestly ought to be sub-
jected to a duty. All that I clesire is to correct
that: to have it honest; to have wool come under
18 cents per pound that is really worth no more
than that. 1 am willing that should come in free;
but I fear that wool worth more than that is fre-
quently mixed up with foreign substances for the
very purpose of reducing it below that amount in
order to bring it in free.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is provided for in
this bill.
Mr. WADE. I know it is attempted to be
provided for; and the only objection I have to the
provision of the bill is, that it is exceedingly diffi-
cult to prove under it the intention, for it must be
done with a certain intent. There are words in
it which seem to me to render it very difficult to
make the proof. I will read this clause:
Provided, That any wool of the sheep, or hair of the al-
paca, the goat, and other like animate, whicii bliall be im-
ported in any other tiian the ordinary condition, as now and
hcrctofoic practiced, or which shali be changed in its char-
acter or condition tor the purpose of evading tile dutv, or
which shall be reduced in value by the admixture of dirt or
any foreign substance, to 18 cents per pound, or less, shall
be subject to pay a duty ot' 9 cents per pound, anything in
this act to the contiary notwithstanding.
Now, sir, who can prove, when it comes in, that
it was done for the purpose of evading the duty—
the intent with which it was done?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not go to a court
to prove it.
Mr. WADE. I know that.
Mr. BIGLER. The fact itself will be conclu-
sive.
Mr. CLARK. Look at the next clause.
Mr. WADE. I have looked at it; and it seems
to me it does not do away entirely with the ob-
jection. I have, in connection with others who
have had some experience, endeavored to frame
an amendment which will entirely obviate my
objection. It would not be for the interests of the
wool-growers of the State of Ohio to injure the
manufactuiers. Their interests, in my judgment,
are identical. The more wool they can be induced
to use up, the more it will be for the interest of
the farmer who supplies them with that article
I do not desire to do anything in this bill that
shallworkto their disadvantage; but then, I want
the duty, so far as it tends to their protection, an
honest one; that wool that is really of a higher
value than the bill provides for under that condi-
tion shall not be impoited, by mixing it up with
foreign substances, as lam told is frequently done.
Indeed, the provision here presupposes that that
is frequently done, and it undeitakes to provide
against it, and to exclude it in the same way that
I do. Now, sir, if the amendment that I shall
offer, should that of the Senator from Michigan
fail, can be shown not to be better calculated to
effect the same purpose than the bill, then I will
be content with the bill as it is; for 1 say again,
it is no part of my purpose to place any disad-
vantage to our own manufacturers, for I think
their interest is the same as that of the producer.
Mr. BIGLER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Ohio whether, if we were to strike out the
words, u for the purpose of evading the duty,"
in the seventeenth Jmc, that would not be satis-
factory to him? Then it would leave it standing
upon the naked fact that the wool had been mixed
with foreign substances.
Mr. WADE. I am disposed to think that
would work the very change 1 wish to effect.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make a sing!*1 re-
mark in reply to what fell from the Senat'H-fiom
Kentucky. He said this hill was mad<^ under the
influence of delegations from big cities, and he
ventured to say that J had not consulted with
farmers, and if 1 had, I would not have made such
