1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The honorable Senator says he would not con-
sider it a necessary. Perhaps I would not, or per-
haps I might. It would depend on whether we
had been accustomed to its use. We all know
that such is the consumption of tobacco through-
out the world, that the potentates of Europehave
been enabled to speculate on the necessities of
their poor, and make them take it in the most
drugged, deteriorated, and injurious form, because
they will take it, and derive a large revenue from
it. Now, as to the Senator's idea that the poorer
people, who use these i.ifcrior cigars, are not in-
terested in having cheap cigars, I leave that issue
with him, as an ordinary question of political
economy. I take it for granted they can better
determine from their earnings whether they can
afford to buy cigars that are brought in from Ger-
many, and bought there at $2 50 a thousand,
cheaper than they can afford to buy those that
are manufactured by the labor around them.
I have moved in this matter because I really
looked on these cheap cigars as a necessary, and
found that they had been prohibited, and that the
more expensive cigars had been treated very len-
iently by the rate of duty, because cigars at$15a
thousand pay but 25 per cent, under the impo-
sition here. I speak in round terms. You pro-
hibit the necessary by expensive taxes, and ad-
mit the luxury under the small tax. Now, as to
the weight 
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to understand the hon-
orable Senator, if he will allow me to interrupt
him.
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand him to say that
it takes thirteen thousand of these cigars to make
a pound. I doubt it very much.
"Mr. MASON. X did not say that it takes thir-
teen thousand of these cigars to a pound; but that
there are thirteen pounds of these cigars to a thou-
sand. It is just the very opposite of what the
Senator supposes. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania doubted the estimate.
Mr. BIGLER. The German cigars run about
six pounds to the thousand, and the other from
ten to twelve pounds to the thousand.
Mr. MASON. What were the Senator's
sources of information?
Mr. BIGLER. My friend from Rhode Island,
who actually weighed them during the sittings of
our committee.
Mr. MASON. I will tell you the sources of
information I had. I had no more idea of the
number of cigars it would take to make a pound
than the honorable Senator has of how much mo-
lasses it would take to make a yard. [Laughter.]
One is as much confounded as the other. I ob-
tained, through a friend of mine, the information
from a German importer in Baltimore. The re-
ply of the importer was that the German cigars
which were sold at $2 50 to §3 a thousand weighed
about thirteen pounds to the thousand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not wish to prolong
this debate. I should think that anybody who
read the original bill, and read the amendments,
would understand the object of the committee in
classifying these cigars. In the original bill,
cigars were all taxed at 50 cents apouna, no mat-
ter what they cost. We have made three stages,
and put 20 cents a pound on the very low cigars,
costing §5 a thousand and under; 40 cents a pound
on those between $5 and $10 a thousand; and 60
cents a pound, with an addition to that of 10 per
cent, on those above §10 a thousand; because we
knew there were some of these very costly cigars,
and we thought we could very well put a little
ad valorem duty on them in addition to the specific
duty. Now, sir, the Senator from Virginia has
taken an hour to show that we put the lowest
rates on the highest cigars; that is, that 60 cents
is lower than 20 ! That is the amount of it. He
tries to make it out that 20 cents is more than 60
cents by pound weight. When you come to the
ad valorem duty in this case, if I understand the
structure of the sentence, it applies only to the
highest cigars That is the way I have been
taught to read. But perhaps I did not study in
the right school;and I never went to school much,
anyhow.
Now, I will tell you about the weight of the
cigars. The Senator from Pennsylvania is mis-
taken about my weighing them. One of my col-
leagues on the select committee was the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.] He is about
as accurate in everything he does as any man I
ever knew. You hardly ever hear him utter a sen -
tence here that docs not come in form as if it had
been weighed forty times over in a balance. He
weighed these cigars, and told me the resultof the
specimens he got. Then the minister from Ger-
many came in here occasionally, and called my
attention to the enormity of this 50 cents a pound
duty. In order to get at it, I asked him the weight
of the cheap cigars, and he said that he thought
they weighed about six to eight pounds a thou-
sand. He wanted me to make another stage in
this matter, as the Senator from Virginia does.
He thought it would do much to conciliate foreign
nations by our taking off these duties ! If I had
gone to an importer of cigars, I should have ex-
pected him to weigh the heaviest ones he had, to
show how enormous these duties were; but I
thought that the distinguished representative of
that country to our Government was a man of
honor; that I was safe in assuming that he told
me about what the fact was. I did not calculate to
go all over the city, and find out what was right to
put on the $5 a thousand cigars. I supposed they
would weigh about eight pounds to the thousand,
and that would make a duty of$l 60, which would
be a little over 30 per cent. 1 agree that this is
over our average rate. If they did not weigh more
than six pounds to the thousand, it would bo less.
I thought the use of these cigars, and especially
the cheap ones, was one of the greatestvices that
the young men were subject to. You see a boy
going along the streets now, eleven years old, with
a cigar in his mouth. I never did thrash mine
much, but if I caught one of them at it when he
was young, I tlnnk 1 should be tempted to depart
from my usual rules of discipline. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Viiginia says this lsaneces-
sary. So is liquor to some people. We put 75
cents a gallon on brandy. That is as necessary
to some people as bread. I am not a very strong
temperance man myself; but I certainly would put
about as high a duty on liquors as I would on
tobacco, and I chew tobacco every day; and when
I cannot get good, I have to chew bad. I have
got into such a foolish habit that I cannot very
well do without it, and I have some sympathy for
those who get addicted to vices; but 1 do not want
to coax them into them by regulating the tariff.
The minister from Germany tohl me that these
cheap cigars weighed from six to eight pounds to
the thousand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whatdid the Senator from
Vermont say?
Mr. SIMMONS. He weighed some Habanas,
and they weighed a pound to the hundred. These
German cigars, however, are the meanest kind of
cigars and the lightest kind and the cheapest kind,
and they have the lowest duty on them. If I
thought there would have been so much noise
about it, I believe I should have lot the House
duty of 50 cents a pound stand; but I thought we
might very well reduce that, and graduate it ac-
cording to the quality of the articles. My pur-
pose has been all along to try to perfect tins bill,
so that there could be no more paper calculations
about its being 160 per cent.; but it does notmake
any difference what you do; I believe if you put
these cigars at 5 cents a pound, somebody would
make it out that the duty was 400 per cent.; and
and if it was 40 ccnts, they would make it out 20
per cent., if that suited them. They can cipher
anything. Anybody who reads the amendment,
will know that the committcc intended to grad-
uate these duties according to the value of the
article.
I never heard of any cigars at §500 to the thou-
sand, that the Senator speaks of. They would be
50 cents apiece. If a man smoked them as much
as some men smoke, he would want §1,000,000
income to find him in cigars. I do not know but
that there tire such cigars. I have got so that I
never dispute any extravagant statement which is
made when a tariff is up. The Senator tries to
make out that we impose a lower duty on the
highest priced cigars. Well, if there are any
cigars at §500 a thousand, the pound duty would
be $1 50, and the 10 per cent, in addition would
be $50, making the duty $51 50 on the $500. I
never heard of any such cigars before. That
story was not got up until this bill was made; and
I hope we shall not alter it for that.
Mr. MASON. I think we have a right to ex-
pect that when a Senator brings in- a bill chang-
ing the general mod# of assessing a duty, be
should be prepared to inform the Senate, how-that
mode will quadrate—how it will square with the
former mode. I said to him,as I suppose other
Senators will say, that I had not the most remote
idea how much a thousand cigars would weigh.
I know the experience of our country has been
that cigars are purchased at home, as well as
abroad, by the tale, not by weight; and yet he
comes in here and confounds, in the assessing of
his duty, the weight of cigars and the number.
To get the information necessary, I sought it in
the mode I have stated. I got it from an importer
of these cheap cigars. I do not know that I ever
saw one of them; but it was reported that it took
thirteen pounds in weight to make a thousand. I
knew also, what the Senator seems to be or as-
sumes to be incredulous of, that tobacco, like tea,
like wine, like brandy,is valued not by its weight,
not by its bulk, but by its flavor. I told the Senator
what I had seen in my own State—two hogsheads
of tobacco raised in the same county, in the same
year, on two different plantations, within two
miles of each other, one hogshead selling at $8 a
hundred, and the other at $80—800 per cent, dif-
ference. What made that difference ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not mean to question
the accuracy of these statements at all.
Mr. MASON. I do not understand that; but I
understood the Senator to assign very little weight
to the fact that flavor discriminated the value; and
yet it does; and I said what I happened to.have
heard from gentlemen who have been conversant
with the markets in Havana, and have been curi-
ous in their cigars—1 am not so.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Vir-
ginia will allow me, I will state that I am informed
by one of our doorkeepers, who was in the cigar
business, that the average weight is about seven
and a half pounds to the thousand.
Mr. MASON. I know nothing aboutthe door-
keeper, or what his business is when he is at home;
but I suppose the weight of the cigar will depend
upon the quality of the tobacco in it. I stated
what I happened to hear incidentally—that in
the prices that are paid by the very wealthy peo-
ple for their indigencies, they paid as high as
$500 a thousand for iheir cigars. During this
winter—not in reference to this bill in the slightest
degree, certainly before I knew there was such a
provision in the bill,and the gentleman to whom
I referred had no knowledge oi'it—a friend of mine
gave me a cigar; a single one of an importation at
$500athousand. Theyarediscriminatedby their
flavor entirely; yet the scheme of this bill is to
impose a tax on the poorer class who use the
cheaper cigars, to the exemption of the more
wealthy class, who can afford to indulge in this
whim, this taste, which the Senator seems to be
incredulous about.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not think we shall be
able to finish this bill to-day; and I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,on
a division—ayes 11, noes 24.
Mr. BAYARD. I am by no means sure that
I shall not vote for the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, to reduce the duty on
these cigars one.half. They are fixed in the bill
at varying rates, according to the valuation, and
his proposition is to reduce the duties one half.
I think he has fallen into some errors in his state-
ment. I do not believe that, under any circum-
stances, the flavor of cigars ever made the cost
in Cuba anything like an approximation to the
amount he states. I do not think that cigars ever
cost in Cuba, dependent upon their flavor, §75
a thousand, much less $500. I do not mean to
say that men may not pay that for fancy cigars,
put up in boxes which have no value, allowing
themselves to be fooled into the payment of ex-
travagant sums in that way; but I mean to say
that the flavor of the cigar will not vary its price
in the island of Cuba—1 thijik I know something
about it—so as to make it exceed over $60 or $70
a thousand at the outside, dependent on the flavor,
independent of any particular mode of making the
cigar, and the mode in which it is put up, and all
the contrivances that men resort to in order to
please the eye. If you choose to indulge in the
luxury of the eye, connected with the form of the
cigar and the mode in which it is prepared, and
all that, in preference to the flavor, of course you
must pay for it; but as regards the mere question
