960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
can, be considered in the House by unanimous
consent; and, to bring it before the House, I will
move to reconsider the vote by which it was re-
ferred.
Mr. WIN SLOW. I hope the bill will be passed.
It is a very meritorious case.
Mr. SICKLES. The report of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs was unanimous.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the bill was brought before the House for consid-
eration.
Mr. BABBITT. 1 object.
Mr. SICKLES. Very well; let the bill go back
to a Committee of the Whole House again.
The bill was again referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
- PRAIRIE DTJ CIIIEN LANDS.
An act (S. No. 472) for the relief of certain
claimants to farm lands at Prairie du Chien, in
the State of Wisconsin, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
RANDALL PEGG.
Mr. MOORHEAD. There is a certain bill on
the Speaker's table for the relief of Randall Pegg,
appropriating about two hundred dollars, for pay-
ing him the difference between the pay he received
as a watchman at the Patent Office, and that re-
ceived by the other watchmen.
The bill was read.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will state that I reported
a similar bill to the House. It is a meritorious
case, and I hope it will be passed.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COPY-RIGHT LAW—AGAIN.
Mr. COX. I ask again that the Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 584, to extend the right
of appeal from decisions of circuit courts to the
Supreme Court of the United States, may be taken
up, and the amendments of the Senate concurred
in.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The only amend-
ment of importance is one which extends the
same right of appeal to inventois in patent cases.
Mr. HOARD. Is that a private bill ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The bill has passed
both Houses unanimously. I hope the gentle-
man will not object.
There being no objection, the Senate amend-
ments were concurred in
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
PATENT LAW.
Mr. NIBLACK. There is a bill of the Senate
on the table, which lias passed both Houses. It
is Senate bill No. 10, to amend an act in addi-
tion to "An act to promote the useful arts." I
ask that it may be taken up, and the action of the
Senate considered.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up.
Mr. NIBLACK. The Senate have disagreed
to the action of the House in various amendments.
I move that the House insist, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
The motion, was agreed to.
.TAMES SMITH.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 134, for the relief of James
Smith.
The bill was read.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. 1 object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the objection. Tins is as meritorious
a case as was ever before Congress.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his objection?
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I do not.
NEW MEXICO MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. OTERO. I ask the consent of the House
to take from the Speaker's table House bill No.
200, to provide for the completion of the military
road from Fort Union to Santa Fe, New Mexico.
The Senate have put an amendment on the bill,
which I ask the House to concur in.
The amendment was read.
Mr. CAREY. I object.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. TAPPAN. I now move that the House
go into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. This day, the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar has,
under the order of the House, been made an ob-
jection day. The Clerk will therefore proceed
to call the Calendar, at the point where the call
ceased on the last objection day, being at House
bill No. 579, for the relief of Thomas F. Bowler,
of New Mexico.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the Chairman to say that the call of
the Calendar would be resumed where it was left
off on the last objection day. I submit that this
being objection day by special order, the call of
the Calendar ought to be commenced with the first
bill upon the Calendar. Such, I believe, was the
understanding of the House this morning, when
this was made objection day in the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
what was the understanding of the House. He
has proposed, on this occasion, to proceed with
the call, under the rulesand practice of the House.
Therefore, he has directed the Clerk to begin the
call where it was left off on last objection day.
Mr. WINSLOW. That would be a correct
proceeding, if we were now in Committee on the
Private Calendar upon one of the objection days
set apart by the rules. But such is not the case.
We are now acting under a special order. I hope
that there will be no objection to carrying out
what I thought was the general understanding;
and that is, to begin with the beginning of the
Calendar, and not upon page 15.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will submit
tile question to the decision of the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope we will begin with
the beginning of the Calendar; for wo will then
be enabled to go through the entire Calendar, and
not through only a part of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee has heard
the proposition. Is there objection to it?
Mr. PERRY. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be sub-
mitted to the House.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope we will
take up the entire Calendar, and not confine the
call to Senate bills.
Mr. WINSLOW. The order of the House
confines us to Senate bills.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I think that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina is mistaken as to the
order of the House limiting the call to the Senate
bills upon the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk informs the
Chair that the order of the House was for a gen-
eral call of the Calendar, including House bills
as well as Senate bills. The question now is,
shall the call begin with the beginning of the Cal-
endar instead of where it was left off on the last
objection to-day?
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will begin to
call the Calendar where it was left off on last
objection day.
The Clerk then proceeded with the call.
TIIOMAS F. BOWLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 579) for the relief of Thomas
F. Bowler, of New Mexico.
Mr. JUATKIN. 1 give notice that I will object
to ail these bills, unless the call goes back to the
beginning of the Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE. The understanding clearly
was that we should proceed to take up the Seriate
bills upon the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The order of the House
was general.
Mr. FLORENCE. My understanding is that
when the Smith case was up, the House agreed
to take up the Senate bills. The Smith bill was
a Senate bill; and it was understood that the order
included it; but if we go on as the Chairman has
decided, that case will not be reached. It is a
meritorious case; and I will tell the gentleman
who objected to it that, if he will look into it, he
will be satisfied that it ought to be passed.
Mr. TOMPKINS. 1 object to the pending bill.
I understand the House has, overand over again,
refused to pay such claims.
JOHN MONTZ.
A bill (H. R. No. 580) for the relief of John
Montz.
Mr HOARD I object to that bill.
JAMES BELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 581) for the relief of the legal
representatives of James Bell, late of Chambly,
in the province of Lower Canada, deceased.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
LIEUTENANT FRANCES WARE.
A bill (H. R. No. 582) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Lieutenant Francis Ware.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I learn from a mem-
ber in whom I have confidence that none of the
bills upon this Calendar will be allowed to pass;
and I therefore move that the committee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
the pending bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the gentleman objects,
I hope he will let the Clerk read the letter of the
Register.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The bill seems to institute a hunt after heirs.
JACOB HALL.
A bill (H. R. No. 584) for the relief of Jacob
Hall.
Mr. OTERO. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
Mexico being a Delegate, and not a member, the
Chairman cannot receive his objection.
Mr. McKNIGHT I object.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
FREDERICK F. BROSE, DECEASED.
A bill (H. R. No. 586) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased.
Mr. EDWARDS. I object to that. I will
object to everything.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the com-
mittee of conference on the deficiency bill is ready
to l'eport; and in order that we may receive that
report, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had, according to order, hud the Private Calendar
under consideration, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
Mr. SICKLES. I submit the following report:
The committee of conference on thedisagreemgvotesof
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (11. It. No.
866) " to supply deficiencies in appropriations fur the fiscal
year ending June .'SO, lSot," having met, after futi and tree
conference, have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede 11 orn their disablement to the
amendments of the House to the second and sixth amend-
ments of" the Senate, and concur in said amendments of the
riousp.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fifth amendment of tiie Senate, and agree to the same with
an amendment,as follows:
Stiike out from the second hne of the amendment the
words "and for office tent, fuel, &,e.;,! and in the fourth
and tilth hues ot the amendment strike out the words
j ".$12,857 S3," and m lieu thereof ne-eit {^10,533;" and at
| the end of tlie amendment, add:
| Provided, That no payment shall be made under the terms
! of this apptopiMtion except upon vouchers of moneys actu-
I ally paid by the '-everal rceeiveis and lem'steis.suell vouch-
ers to be verified by the affidavits both of the registers and
receivers and the parties to whom tlie payments have been
made; nor unless the Secretaiyof the Interior be satisfied
of the fairness of the prices allowed : Jhui. pro ridni further.
That the seventh section of the act of the 18th of August,
1656, "making appropriations for certain civil expenses of
