THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON^ D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1881.
New Series No. 61.
the Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857,"
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Tiiat the Senate recede horn their third amendment.
D. E. SICKLES,
JAMES H. CAMPflELL,
CYRUS AtDRICH,
Managers on the part of lh,e House of Representatives.
J. A. PEA11CE,
DANIEL CLARK,
WILLIAM BIGLER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the House
does not understand what has been done by the
statement only of the numbers of the amendments,
I hope the gentleman from New York will explain
the action of the committee of conference.
Mr. SICKL1JS. Mr. Speaker, the result of
the report is, that the Senate recedes from so much
of its amendment in reference to the postal ser-
vice appropriation as was disagreed to by the
House. It does not affect the substance of the
proposition at all, because the additional clause
of the Senate was deemed redundant.
In reference to the land office appropriation in
Kansas, we have modified the amendment of the
Senate so as to take away that which was appro-
priated for office rent, fuel, &c., and restricting the
sum to what was found to bo due for clerk hire;
and we have added to that a clause repealing the
act of 1855-56, under which such allowance was
made, so as to prevent the allowance of this, sum
operating as a precedent for future claims of a
similar character.
In reference to the amendment of the Senate
appropriating §300,000 to cany out the contract
made by the Secretary of the Navy, with which
the House is familiar, the Senate recedes from its
amendment.
It is in that shape, Mr. Speaker, the bill comes
before the House: without the Chiriqui appro-
priation; with the Kansas land office appropria-
tion, modified in the sense I have stated; and with
appropriation for mail service to California, in-
tact, as it was adopted by the House. I demand
the previous question on the adoption of the
report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied; and under the operation
thereof, the report was adopted.
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
'able.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must insist upon the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the spe-
cial order, being the report of the committee of
thirty-three, is the first thing in order at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appealed to the commit-
tee to rise informally, simply for the purpose of
considering the report of the committee of con-
ference on the deficiency bill. That was assented
to on all sides of the House. I did not wish to
interfere with the order of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Wasii-
bcrne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bills upon the Private Calen-
dar.
SAMUEL N. ELLIOTT.
A bill (H. R. No. 583) for the relief of Samuel
N. Elliott and others, children of Arthur Elliott.
Mi. TOMPKINS objected.
Mr. BUB.NETT. If'it is the purpose of the
gentleman from Ohio to objectindiscriminately to
every hill upon the Calendar, as I understand the
gentleman has announced that lie will, without
reference to their merits, the committee had cer-
tainly better rise. I ask the gentleman if that is
his purpose?
61
Mr. TOMPKINS. I do not propose to object
to every bill indiscriminately. This bill proposes
to pay money to a man in Georgia. I understand
that Greorgiadoes notconsiderherselfin the Union
now, and therefore I objected.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to. *
REBECCA DAVIS.
A bill (PI. R. No.589) for the relief of Rebecca
Davis, widow of Jesse Davis.
Mr. HOARD. I think there is too much doubt
about that case, and therefore I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know anything
about this claim, but if the party is entitled to
anything, she is entitled to $560.
Mr. HOARD. It goes buck twenty years.
WILLI A 51 HUMPHREY.
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of the
children of William Humphrey, a soldier of the
Revolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is pending before Con-
gress a general bill which embraces all cases of
this kind, and theiefore I object.
At a subsequent period,
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, appealed to the
gentleman from Indiana to withdraw his objec-
tions.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent
that can lie done.
Mr. HOLMAN. My objection was based upon
the fact that a general bill is pending covering all
such cases; but I withdraw it.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the surviving legitimate children of
William Humphrey, deceased, a revolutionary
soldier, late of Virginia, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
four dollars per month, to commence from the 4th
of March, 1831, to the22d of March, 1850, the day
of his death.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that the evidence sufficiently establishes the fact
that Humphrey was a soldier of the Revolution,
and served as a private in the American Army at
the siege of Yorktown, and continued in such
service till after the surrender of the British army;
that the length of time he served in the said Army
does not appear, except from his own affidavit,
which states it at seventeen months. It also ap-
pears that said Humphrey, m Ins lifetime, to wit,
Augusts#, 1833, madeapplication, in due form,for
a pension under the act of the 7th of April, 1832,
the granting of which, through no fault or neglect
on his part, was delayed till his decease, which
was in March, 1850; that he left surviving chil-
dren, the petitioners, but no widow, that said chil-
dren have been diligent m presenting their claim
for the arrears of pension due their deceased father
at the time of his death.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ARCHIBALD MERRIMAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 59) granting a pension to
Archibald Merriman.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Archibald Merriman on the
invalid pension rolls of the United States, at the
rate of dollars per month, to commence on
the 13th of December, 1858, and continue during
his natural life. \
Prom the report, which was read, it appears
that the petitioner enlisted as a private in May,
1813, under Captain Amberson, a recruiting offi-
cer, m Stoystown, Somerset county, Pennsylva-
nia. He mareh"d to Pittsburg, and from thence,
under Colonel Hugh Brady, marched to Fort
Georgo, in Canada; thence down the St. Law-
I rence to French Mills, under General Wilkinson;
i from thence marched to Piattsburg; from Platts-
burg they went to Burlington, Vermont; after-
waius joined General Brown's army at Black
Rock; was in the battle ofChippewa, July, 1814;
was also in the battle of Lundy's Lane, on the
25th of the same month, and was wounded; fought
bravely, and was in the charge made by Lieu-
tenant Sturgis on the enemy's cannorf, in which
Sturgis was killed; afterwards was at Fort Erie
when it was blown up, in August, 1814,and was
there again wounded in the leg; and in conse-
quence of which he has been unable, for sixteen
years past, to perform manual labor.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the blank be filled
with 44 eight."
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CAROLINE 33, CLARK.
A bill (H. R. No. 592) for the relief of Caro-
line E. Clark.
Mr. CONKLING objected.
HENRY SANFORD.
A bill (H. R. No. 593) for the relief of Henry
Sanford.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
put the name of Henry Sanford, of Freedom,
Maine, on the invalid pbnsion list, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the 1st
of December, 1855, and continue during his nat-
ural life.
The report, which was read, states that the evi-
dence in this case shows thatthesaid Henry San-
ford enlisted in December, 1812, in a company of
volunteers commanded by Captain John Com-
rnins, and marched to the eastern frontier of the
then district of Maine; that he was frequently on
duty during the night time, and through the win-
ter, watching for smugglers. Near the close of
the winter he was taken sick while in the service;
was very sick for about two months, after which
he partially recovered so as to occasionally be on
duty and attend roll-call, and was discharged at
Eastport in December, 1813. It further appears
that soon after his return home he was taken down
sick again by a disorder in the back and kidneys;
and after about six mouths he measurably recov-
ered so as to in part attend to his business as a
farmer for a time, but for the last twenty years
has been entirely prostrated, and for more than
sixteen years has been unable to stand upon his
feet. These facts are substantiated by the affida-
vits of two of his fellow-soldiers who were with
him in the United States service in 1812 and 1813,
and have been well acquainted with him since,
now reside near lum, and have frequently visited
him during his confinement; and his family phy-
sician also testifies that he has frequently visited
him professionally during thirty-nine years last
past, and that said Sanford has been entirely pros-
trated, has had a running sore on his back for
twenty years, and that he has no doubt his pros-
tration is in consequcnce of his exposure as afore-
said.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the bill,
so that the pension shall commence from the time
when the bill passes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
MOSES GROOMS.
A bill (H. R. N. 594) for the relief of Moses
Grooms.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object to that bill.
Mr. BURNETT. Does the gentleman object
because the claimant resides in a State which has
seceded ?
Mr. TOMPKINS. Yes, sir.
JUDITII NOTT.
A bill (H. R. No. 595) for the relief of Judith
Nott, widow of John Nott, late of the United
States Army.
The lull and report were read.
Mr. QUARLES. I desire to know when the
pension in this case commences? The bill does
not state.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill states « from the
date of the disability incurred."
