962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. &UARLES. That may be twenty years
ago.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman who reported this bill whether this is one
of the same family of Notts for which we passed
two bills last winter?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman who re-
ported tlie bill [Mr. Poster] is not in his seat.
Mr. BURNETT. My recollection is that this
is the very same person for whose relief we passed
a bill last winter; and if so, I object.
JAMES VAN PELT.
A bill (H. R. No. 596) for the relief of James
Van Pelt.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of James Van Pelt on the roll of
invalid pensions, and to pay him a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month, commencing on
the 4th of March, 1859.
The report, which was read, shows that James
Van Pelt was a corporal in the company of New
York militia commanded by Captain Abner
Woodworth; and it also shows that after he so
entered the service he became sick from extraor-
dinary exposure to the weather and cold while
on the march westward and in the line of his
duty, which resulted in partial paralysis, that has
incapacitated him from labor.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM W. DIEHL.
A bill (H. R. No. 597) to increase the pension
of William W. Diehl.
The bill directs ihe Secretary of the Interior to
place the .name of William W. Diehl on the roll
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, in lieu of the pension that he now re-
ceives, and that the same commence on the 4th of
March, 1860.
The report, which was read, states that the peti-
tioner was a soldier in the war with Mexico, and
received a wound iri the elbow by a musket ball.
He was honorably discharged as wounded, and
subsequently obtained a pension for partial inabil-
ity to perform his manual labor. Since then he
has totally lost the use of his arm, as certified by
the United States surgeon. The petitioner asks
an increase from $5 33 to eight dollars per month.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with u recommendation that it do pass.
DANIEL LUCAS.
A bill (H. R. No. 598) granting a pension to
Daniel Lucas.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Daniel Lucas upon the roll of
invalid pensions, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, and that he receive pay from the 4th of
March, 1859.
From the report, which was read, it appears
that Daniel Lucas enlisted in the United States
Army, and was attached to company E, third
United States infantiy, then under command of
Captain Van Home, which was ordered to New
Mexico. It appears from the proof that while in
garrison, he, with others, was ordered by Captain
Van Home to haul water from the Rio Grande
river for the use of the troops; that while in the
execution of these orders, and during the progress
of loading the wagons with hauls of water, he
overstrained himself, and was seen suddenly to
fall, and hiscomrades going to his assistance found
he had been severely ruptured and powerless.
The Army surgeons certify he has hernia, and
in consequence he was discharged from the ser-
vice for disability, as unfit for the service. There
seems to be no doubt but this hernia is fixed and
incurable. The petitioner applied to the Pension
Office for a pension, but the regulations requiring
the proof of disability to be made by an officer in
command, and Captain Van Horne being dead,
and the other officers on distant posts on duty,
the petitioner has been unable to supply this de-
fect. The difficulty and expense of getting depo-
sitions and proof from the subordinate officers
would preclude the petitionerfrom complying with
the office requirements. Two of the persons who
were present at the time of the occurrence and
saw it, testify as to the fact, and their testimony
is corroborated by the surgeon's certificate, and
his discharge from the service for disability.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARY ANN HENRY.
Mr. JUNKIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to go back and take up the bill
(H.R. No. 311) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Ann
Henry.
Mr. WINSLOW. I am very willing to go
back to the beginning of the Calendar.
Mr. JUNKIN. 1 desired to do so, but it was
not agreed to. I voted for the motion to go back
to the beginning of the Calendar.
Mr. WINSLOW. Make that motion now, and
let us try it again.
Mr. JUNKIN. I move that the committee go
back to the commencement of the Calendar.
Mr. HOARD. It will be seen that the last part
of the Calendar will never be reached if we pursue
that course.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOARD. I object to going back. '
Mr. JUNKIN. I aslc the gentleman from
North Carolinato withdraw his objection to taking
up that bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the House will extend
to me the same privilege, I will withdraw my
objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky . Do I under-
stand that any gentleman has the right to go back
and call up a bill after it has been passed ?
The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I shall object
hereafter.
The bill, which was read, directs the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to place the name of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry, of Pennsylvania, widow of
the late Captain Henry Henry, of the United
States Navy, on the naval pension roll, at the rate
allowed by law to the widows of captains in the
Navy, to commence from the 1st January, 1858,
the date of her application, and to continue dunng
her life, unless she shall again marry, i/i which
case the pension cease from the date of said mar-
riage.
Mr. HOARD. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania what pension isallowed
in this case?
Mr. JUNKIN. I cannot state exactly.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to know how much it
is, or I must object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I reported this case dur-
ing the last Congress; and 1 then inquired of the
Commissioner of Pensions what this bill would
give, and he told me fifty dollais a month.
Mr. HOARD. I understand that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is willing that the bill
shall be amended so as to reduce the amount to
twenty dollars a month.
Mr. JUNKIN. I move to reduce it to twenty-
five dollars a month.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is not just. The
amount ought to be thirty dollars.
Mr. JUNKIN. She will be dead before sixty
days pass. She is now upon her death bed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Still, justice ought to be
done.
Mr. HOARD. The bill gives her two years'
back pay.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was then laid aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. McKENTY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to go back upon the Cal-
endar, and take up House bill No. 437.
Mr. WINSLOW. I cannot consent to going
back upon the Calendar'. A similar request was
refused to me;and I only agreed to it, in a single
instance, out of courtesy to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Joskin.]
LEOPOLD SCHNEIDER.
A bill (H. R. No. 599) granting a pension to
Leopold Schneider. [Objected to by Mr. Barr.]
KOBE I! T PURCHASE.
A bill (H. R. No. 601) granting a pension to
Robert Purchase, a soldier of the revolutionary
war.
The bill was read.
Mr. BURNETT. It is unnecessary to read the
report in that case. The bill proposes to go back
to 1831, and that I regard as outrageous. I ob-
ject to the bill.
IIENRY F. BOWEItS.
A bill (H. R. No  602)granting an invalid pen-
sion to Henry F. Bowers.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Henry F. Bowers on the list
of invalid pensioners, and pay him a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the 25th
of January, 1858, and continue during his natu-
ral life.
It appears from the report, that Bowers was a
private of marines, and enlisted on the 22d of
January, 1853, and was discharged by surgeon's
certificate on the 20th April, 1855; that his disa-
bility was caused by inflammation of the eyes,
produced by standing guard while on board the
receiving-ship Union, at the Philadelphia navy-
yard. Since his discharge, as aforesaid, he has
become blind.
Mr HOARD. I do not see why the pension
should date back in that case.
Mr. FLORENCE. The case has been here
ever since the time to which it dates back. The
bill is two yearsold; butithas never been reached
on the Calendar. The man is totally blind, and
the bill only gives him eight dollars a month.
Mr. HOARD. The certificate accompanying
the report does not state that the man is blind.
Mr. FLORENCE. The practice of the Pen-
sion Office is to make the pension commence from
the date of proof; and we had the proof here two
years ago.
Mr. HOARD. I move to amend the bill so as
to make the pension commence from the date of
its passage.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
then laid aside, to be reported to the House.
HULL AND COZZENS, AND NAYLOR AND CO.
A bill (H. R. No. 624) for the relief of Hull &
Cozzens, and John Naylor & Co.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of Hull & Coz-
zens, under a contract with Mark W. Izzaid,
Governor of the Territory of Nebraska, dated the
28th of November, 1855; and the accounts of John
Naylor & Co., under a similar contract, dated the
25th of February, 1856, for furnishing materials
for the capitol buildings at Omaha City, in Ne-
bia'Aa Territory; and to nay to the said Hull &
Cozzens, and to the said John Naylor & Co., out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, any balance which may be found duo
them on their said contracts.
The report having been read, and there being
no objection to the bill, it was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
BENJAMIN TYSON.
Mr. McKENTY. I now ask the consent of
the House to take up House bill No. 437, for the
relief of Benjamin Tyson. I understand that the
gentleman from North Carolina is willing to with-
draw his objection.
Mr. WINSLOW. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
The bill was read. It provides that there be
paid, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Benjamin Tyson, the sum of
$6,060, with interest from December 31, 1;C>7, it
being the balance of commissions due him as agent
of the Navy Department for the purchase of an-
thracite coal.
Mr. THOMAS. I object to that bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. Where does that bill stand
upon the Calendar ?
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chairdoes notknow.
The bill was sent up by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of order.
This bill has once before been objected to; and
under the new rules, it requires the objection to
be made now by five members to be avatlnbh*.
Mr, THOMAS. This bill has not been reached
regularly on the Calendar a second time, and
therefore the point of order does not apply to if.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cleik will read the
rule upon the subject; and then the Chair will
decide the question of order.
The Clerk read the 129th rule, as follows:
"On the first and fourth Friday and Sntuiday o;' each
month the Calendar of pnvnte bills ^iia'i b<- called n\er,
(the chanman oi the Cofrinntfe of the Whole Hou-e com
mending the call where he left off the previous din,) and
the bills to the passage of which no obpM'Unii then ho
made shall be fir- t con-cidcred ami ihspu-rd of. But vvhea
