964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
From the other claim, a deduction of
insisted on by the Department; which sum is
alleged to have been improperly paid to the peti-
tioner upon a former settlement, for boat and
hand hire incurred by him in weighing. This
expense, according to the view of the case taken,
properly belonged to the office of weigher, and
should have been paid out of his fees.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
RICHARD CHENEIIY.
A bill (S. No. 77) for the relief of Richard
Chenery. The bill directs the commissioner of
customs to settle the account of Richard Chenery,
assignee of Horace P. Russ, for the construction
by the latter of the granite pavement on Battery
street, in front of the United States custom-house,
at San Francisco, and to pay him such sum as
may be shown to be legally and equitably due,
with interest at six per centum per annum, from
the completion of the work, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, pro-
vided the said sum shall not exceed §3,890.
The committee recommend the folio wingamend-
ment:
Strike out all after the woid-5 " equitably due," and in-
sert, in lieu thereof, the following:
Provided, That the whole amount shall not exceed the
whole cost of laying a common cobble-stone pavement
thereat.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. If the com-
mittee will allow me, I will make a brief expla-
nation of the bill. This claim is brought against
the Government for half the cost of work done in
paving one of the streets of San Francisco. It
was originally done under a contract made be-
tween the owner of the opposite side of the street
and the assignor of the present claimant. The
municipal law of San Francisco requires that pri-
vate individuals shall, at their joint expense, keep
in repairthe variousstreetsoneitherside of which
they own property. This street was, as the evi-
dence shows, in an almost impassable condition,
although it was one of the greatest thoroughfares
of the city. The United States court was held on
one side of it, and the custom-house on the other.
The owner of the United States court-house build-
ing entered into this contract with Mr. Russ. He
endeavored to obtain the sanction of the United
States authorities; but there was no authority in
any one there to give that consent. The col-
lector, district judge, and other Government of-
ficers, gave the matter their private approbation,
though they had no authority to enter into a con-
tract that would be binding on the Federal Gov-
ernment. The work was done; and an applica-
tion was then made by the assignee to be paid an
equal sum with that paid by the original contractor
for his half. The claim, as it originally passed
the Senate, was for a pavement of the Russ land;
but it has been reduced to the mere cost of a cob-
ble-stone pavement—about thirteen hundred dol-
lars. It seems to me that the Federal Govei nment
ought not to take this man's work and refuse to
pay him. The Government is under a moral ob-
ligation to pay him; and I hope the Government
will not repudiate an obligation of this descrip-
tion, which no private individual would for a mo-
ment hesitate to pay.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
BE YISSEK AND VILLARUBIA.
An act (S. 39) for the relief of Simon de Visser
and Jose Villarubia, of New Orleans.
The bill releases Simon de Visser and Jose Vil-
larubia, jr., merchants of New Orleans, from the
payment of all claims, penalties, and forfeitures
which may legally exist against them, in favor of
the United States, arising out of frauds commit-
ted in the custom-house of New Orleans by one
Charles Meteye, they having been judicially de-
clared to be entirely innocent of said frauds; and
especially releases them from the penalties and
forfeitures claimed by reason of said frauds in two
suits now pending in the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the eastern district of Louisiana, in
which the United States are plaintiffs, and said
De Visser and Villarubia are defendants, provided
that the said defendants shall pay all costs in-
curred in said suits, and that the rights of the
United States against said Charles Meteye be, and
they are hereby, expressly reserved. ,
The Committee on Commerce recommended
the following amendment:
Add to the bill:
*And provided further, That the intent and meanirg of
this act shall in no case be construed inio a lelease of the
said Simon de Visser and Jose Villatubia ot or from any
duties justly chargeable upon the goods and merchandise
entered m their behalf by the s-aid Charles I\T6ttfye, in the
absence of any fraud attempted or committedm their entiy
by the said Meteye.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the committee
will listen to me a moment, I think I can explain
this bill satisfactorily.
Mr. CAREY. I object.
Mr. GROW. It seems to me there is a suit
pending in a court of justice, in this case.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is.
Mr. GROW. Then, I must object to the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think I can ex-
plain it to the satisfaction of the House.
Mr. GROW. I do not objectto the gentleman's
explanation.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would not weary
the committee with any statement in this case,
were it not very important to the Treasury De-
partment, as well as to the claimants. I will state
briefly what the facts are. There was a firm in
New Orleans, under the style of De Visser &• Vil-
larubia, subsisting from 1851 to 1857, having a
limited partner named Charles Meteye. In the
course of three years Meteye fraudulently intro-
duced, through the custom house of New Orleans,
merchandise to the amount of §363,850 34. He
was discovered in an attempt to enter two hun-
dred and three boxesof sugar, valued at §12,210 85.
The discovery was effected through the instru-
mentality of a special agent sent on from Wash-
ington.
During these three years, the negligcnce of the
employes of the custom-house, from the highest
down to the lowest officer, was so great and cul-
pable, that invoices were introduced by Meteye,
of so palpably fraudulent a character that the
most cursory observer could detect them. They
failed to detect them, or if detected, they failed to
expose them. It is not contradicted that about
forty-four invoices for sugar and molasses were
written on paper entirely different in appearance
from the foreign paper on which genuine invoices
were written. A simple inspection of one of these
invoices would instantly satisfy any person ac-
quainted with business that it was a forgery; yet
nearly forty passed unsuspected! Nay, more:
all these forgeries were in Meteyc's own hand-
writing—undisguised, well known in the custom-
house—yet no one detected the forgery. The
case underwent a judicial criminal examination;
and the certificate of the United States Commis-
sioner is this:
New Orleans, JJpril 22, 1857.
The undersigned commissioner hereby certifies that,
after a careful examination of the above entitled ca^e, he
j was satisfied that there was no ground for prosecuting the
! dctfMidants, the evidence showing conclusively that the
fiauds on the customs, peipetrated by Charles Metey^, were
exclusively his own crime. The defendant fully exoner-
ated themselves from any suspicion ot complicity with the
h<iid Meteye, and wore accordingly diochaigcd.
ROBERT M. LUSHER,
United States Commissioner.
A bill was passed in the Senate exonerating
these parties entirely. It came before the Com-
mittee on Commerce. That committee disagreed
with the Senate in this respect: declaring that, if
De Visser and Villarubia had received the benefit
of these frauds, they should take no advantage of
the success of Meteyc's fraud, but should pay the
just and proper duties on these goods. These
duties amounted to §24,517 78.
Rut, Mr. Chairman, I received recently from
the Secretary of the Treasury an amendment
which I will propose to the bill instead of the
amendment reported by the Committee on Com-
merce. Meteyc's fraud was discovered on Sat-
urday; he was informed of the discovery; he be-
trayed great alaum, lest the discovery should be
communicated; he returned to the custom-house
on the Monday following, and was permitted to
depart unmolested; but the petitioners were kept
in ignorance of the discovery until Monday after-
noon, when the criminal had already escaped,
and all chance of redress from him had been cut
off forever.
A more gross instance of negligence on the part
of functionaries of the Government has never
fallen under my observation. The committee re-
ported this amendment so that these innocent par-
ties should be exempted from all penalty on con-
dition of their paying the duties. But the Secretary
of the Treasury asks that they be also obliged to
pay, in addition to the §24,517 7§, the sum of
$10,112 85, the value of the two hundred and three
boxes of sugar.
Now, I think, with all due deference to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, that the Committee on
Commerce were wise in the recommendation they
made; but I nevertheless submit the amendment
prepared at the Treasury Department, that this
committee may determine for themselves whether
they will adopt the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, orthat recommended by the
Treasury Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from New York, that when the bill
was up before, the amendment of the Committee
on Commerce was adopted. By unanimous con-
sent, however, a vote can be taken upon the
amendment the gentleman from New York now
proposes.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unani-
mous consent to offer this amendment, which has
been prepared at the Treasury Department, as a
substitute for the bill as amended, on motion of
the Committee on Commerce. I will repeat, how-
ever, that, in my judgment, it will be wise for this
committee to adhere to its decision, and pass the
bill as it is now amended.
No objection being made, the substitute was
received and read.
Mr. ROULIGNY. It is due to the House that
I should state, that the firm of De Visser & Vil-
larubia is one of the oldest and most respectable
commercial houses in the city of New Orleans. I
happen to know all the circumstances of the case.
This Meteye was a young man, employed as a
clerk by the house. After serving for several
years, the firm were satisfied with him, and they
gave him an interest in the business. He was
attending to the whole of their custom-housc busi-
ness; and the whole fraud committed by him was
unknown to the house, as is shown by the books
of the firm. Those books show the whole amount
oSkluties paid into the custom-housc; and it is
also shown clearly thatMeteye received from them
the full amount of duties charged upon the ori-
ginal invoices. The courts determined that these
gentlemen had nothing to do with the fraud, and
that Meteye was the only one in fault.
And let rue state another thing to the commit-
tee. It was understood, at the time, that after
the officers of the custorn-house had given notiee
that they had discovered the fraud, they allowed
Meteye three days to escape from New Orleans
before any attempt was made to arrest him; and
after that, they knew exactly where he was, but
did not pursue him,ormakeaoyattemptto effrci
his arrest. He has since run away, and I be-
lieve is now, perhaps, m France. 1 think it is
due,underall these circumstances, that these gen-
tlemen should be released from the penalties for
which they are liable under the law.
Mr. GROW. If I understand this question
corrcctly, the court acquitted these gentlemen
from any complicity in the perpetration of the
fraud.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Entirely.
Mr. GROW. Then, I have no objection to
the passage of the bill.
The question being upon the substitute offered
by Mr. John Cochrane, it was taken; and the
substitute was disagreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass.
JOHN W. NTE—AGAIN.
The committee then resumed the consideration
of bill (H. R. No. 628) to provide for the pay-
ment of the claim of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter
Bargy, jr., and Hugh Stewart.
The report was read.
, Mr. GROW. If the bill can be amended, so
that the amount to be paid shall be limited, I have
no objection to it.
Mr, THOMAS. I object.
F. 1\ BR0SE.
Mr. HOARD. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee to go back on the Calendar and take lip
House bill No. 586. for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Frederick F Brose, deceased. It
