1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
is a matter of very little importance; and I hope
the bill will be passed by the committee.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration; and after being read, was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
JOHN MOSHIER.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the consent of the com-
mittee to go back and take up House bill No. 359,
for the relief of the legal representatives of John
Moshier.
Mr. THOMAS. Before I give my consent to
that, I desire to say that now, one objection will
prevent returning to that bill; and if it is to be
considered that it will require the objection of five
members to prevent its consideration after it has
been read, I shall object now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider,
under the circumstances, that one objection will
be sufficient to prevent the consideration of the
bill, if it shall be taken up.
Mr. KUNKEL. After the courtesy I have re-
ceived from the gentleman from Illinois on another
occasion, I shall object to this bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. JVIy colleagues on the
committee will give me the credit of being very
cautious in regard to these matters.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maryland insist on his objection ?
Mr. KUNKEL. I do.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to present a priv-
ileged report in the House from the committee of
conference on the legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial appropriation bill, and move that the com-
mittee rise for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Bocock hav-
ing taken the chair, as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
"Washburne, of Illinois, reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House had, according to
order, had the Private Calendar under considera-
tion, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the com-
mittee of conference on the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill to report their ac-
tion to the House. 1 will state, with the permis-
sion of the House, that the committee recommend
that the House agree to the sixth amendment of
the Senate, simply raising the amount of their con-
tingent fund from $2,000 to §2,500. The House
also agree to the Senate amendment in regard to
the Mint, with an amendment. As it now stands,
we authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, when-
ever he deems it expedient, to discontinue the
refining at the mints, but allows the same charge
as under the existing law for refining, when it is
done at the-Mint. With these two exceptions,
the action of the House upon the Senate amend-
ments is confirmed by the committee. I move
the previous question on the adoption of the
report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The report of the committee of conference was
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. WINSLO W moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Piivate Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the Private Calendar.
JOHN W. NYE AGAIN.
Mr. BURNETT. Before the reading of the
Calendar is commenced, 1 desire to make a ques-
tion of order upon House bill No. 628 in relation
to the claim of J. W. Nye. I think this bill had
been called legularly, and objected to on a pre-
vious occasion, and that under the rule it requires
the objection of five members to prevent its con-
sideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this is the first time the bill has been regu-
larly called and objected to. He will therefore be
compelled to overrule the point of order made by
the gentleman from Kentucky.
- HAKRIS AND HODGE.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to take up
and pass House bill No. 723, for the relief of Har-
ris & Hodge, of Missouri.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am always willing
to accommodate the gentleman from Missouri;
but there are other bills upon the Calendar in
which gentlemen upon the floor feel a deep inter-
est, and I think that we had better proceed with
the call in order. I object.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. BURNETT. I now call up House joint
resolution No.33,givingconstruction tothesecond
section of the act of February 3,1853, to continue
half pay to widows and orphans. That resolu-
tion, and a large number of Court of Claims bills,
which depend upon it, were laid aside informally
for the purpose of affording an opportunity to
members to look into them. These cases might
as well be disposed of now as at any other time.
I hope, therefore, that we will take them up and
pass or reject them.
Mr. McCLERNANI^. I think there is some
misunderstanding about this matter. It, is my
recollection that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hoard] objected to the consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman from New
York withdrew his objection, and agreed that it
should be informally passed over for examination.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the matter as stated by the gentleman from North
Carolina. These bills from the Court of Claims
were informally passed over, to be called up by
any member.
Mr. BURNETT. I call them up, and ask that
they be disposed of.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. WINSLOW. This resolution is to put
the widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers
who married after the year 1800 upon the same
footing as those who married before that year.
I have looked into the decisions of the Court of
Claims and the statutes, and I have no doubt the
joint resolution is framed according to the con-
struction of the law.
Mr. M1LLSON. I understand the object of
that resolution is to give these widows pensions
from the time antecedent to the passage of the law.
Mr. HOARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. I recollect very well the cir-
cumstances attending the passage of the act. It
was passed under the previous question; and I
then desired to have the opportunity of opposing
it, and was denied. I think that the decision of
the Court of Claims is utterly wrong; and I object
to the consideration of the resolution.
J. W. NYE.
A bill (H. R- No. 269) for the relief of J. W.
Nye.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope there will bono objec-
tion to my bill.
Mr. KUNKEL. Iam indebted to the gentle-
man from Illinois for so much courtesy that I
must object to his bill.
Mr. BURNETT moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had, according to order, had the Private Calendar
-generally under consideration, and had directed
him to report to the House the following private
bills, with the recommendation that they do pass,
some with and some without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 586) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Frederick F. Biose, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of the chil-
dren of William Humphrey, a soldier of the Rev-
olution;
A bill (H. R. No. 591) granting a pension to
Archibald Merrinian;
A bill (tl. It. No. 593) for the relief of Henry
Sanford: .
A bill (H. R. No. 596) for the relief of James
Van Pelt;
A bill (H. R. No. 597) to increase the pension
of William W. Diehl;
A bill (H. R. No. 598) granting a pension to
Daniel Lucas;
A bill (H R. No. 602) granting an invalid
pension to Henry P. Bowers;
A bill (H. R. No. 624) for the relief of Hull &
Cozzens and John Naylor & Co.;
A bill (PI. R. No. 625) for the relief of Alex-
ander V. Eraser;
A bill (H. R. No. 626) for the relief of Stephen
F. Willis; - *
A bill (S. No. 77) for the relief of Richard
Chenery;
A bill (S. No. 39) for the relief of Simon D.
Visser and Jose Villarubia, of New Orleans; and
A bill (H. R. No, 311) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry.
The SPEAKER. Unless objected to, the vote
will be taken upon all the bills at once.
Mr. BURNHAM. I want a separate vote on
the bill for thereliefof Hull& Cozzens and John
Naylor & Co., us it. was the understanding that I
should move an amendment to it.
The SPEAKER. The vote will be taken on
the other bills en masse. Shall the*amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole House
be concurred in?
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole House were concurred in.
The bills were then severally ordered to be en-
grossed—excepting the Senate bills—and read a
third time; and being engrossed, they were ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bills were passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HULL AND COZZENS.
Mr. 33URNIIAM. I move to amend the bill
(H R< No. 624) for the relief of Hull & Cozzens
and John Naylor & Co., by adding at the end of
it a proviso that the appropriation shall not ex-
ceed $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
ALFRED C. MURPHY AND HIRAM BURLINGI1AM.
Mr. BURNETT. I move^that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on that motion until I can get a bill passed.
Mr. BURNETT I withdraw the motion for
the present.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar be
discharged fiom the further consideration of
Plouse bill No. 749, for the relief of Alfred C.
Murphy and Hiram Burlingham, and that it be
put upon its passage.
There was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to.
The bill, which was read, authorizes Alfred C.
Murphy to enter the north half of the northeast
quarter and the northeast quarter of the north-
west quarter of section thirty-six, township twen-
ty-nine, lcinge twenty-four wrst, in the State of
Minnesota; and Hiram Burhngham to enter the
northwest quarter of the northwest quarter and
the south half of the north west quarter of section
thirty-six, township twenty-nine, range twenty-
four west, in the same State, upon payment, by
Alfred C. Murphy and Hiram ourlingham,of the
usual minimum of $1 25 per acre; and it directs
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
issue patents on the said entries, provided that
they shall in nowise inttnferc with or embrace
any land to which there is a valid subsisting claim
under the preemption laws of the United States.
It also authorizes the superintendent of public
schools in Minnesota to select an equal amount
of other lands in said State for the use of public
schools in lieu of the lands herein granted.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend by insert-
ing m lieu of the proviso in the bill the following:
Provided ho>tcvci\ Thiunoioyitf fide claim or rlgluof any
parties or of ilie Stale of Minnesota to said land* or any
part theieof &ball in any wise be prejudiced or affected by
the tenns of tins act until their assent stiall have been firsst
obtained.
The amendment wag agreed.to.
