1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
from Kentucky withdrew his motion for that pur-
pose. After the special order is taken up, I shall
ask for a recess, under the previous order of the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. Inasmuch as the day has
been occupied by the consideration of private bills,
I do not think it is fair to the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Webster,] who was entitled to
the floor to-day, to compel him to proceed this
evening.
Mr. GROW. I expressly stated, in the first
instance, that a recess should be taken with the
understanding that the gentleman from Maryland
should have the floor on Monday. A number of
other gentlemen desire to speak this evening.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The special order, being
the report of the committee of thirty-three, is be-
fore the House for consideration.
Mr. GROW. I move to take a recess until
seven o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. Is the object of a recess
general debate upon the special order? That re-
quires unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. The object is general debate;
but there is an order of the House which obliges
us to take a recess at four o'clock. I ask that it
be done now, so that we may not be obliged to
remain here until four o'clock. In half an hour's
time we shall be obliged to take a recess.
Mr. GARNETT. Then, I have no objection.
SAMUEL S. GREEN.
Mr. MORSE. I ask the indulgence of the
House a moment. I have a little piivate bill that
I desiie to call up. 1 am going out of Congress
on the 4th of March, and I am very anxious to
get this bill through before I leave. One of my
constituents and a gentleman in New Orleans are
equally interested in this matter, and I would like
to have it taken upas aUnion measure. [Laugh-
ter.] I move that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill No. 514, for the relief of Sam-
uel S. Green.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
all these Union measures. [Laughter.]
The bill was read. It provides that the fines
imposed by the Post Office Department on Sam-
uel S. Green, of New Orleans, while carrying the
mails on route 3503, from New Orleans and other
ports in the Gulf of Mexico, to Key West and
back, when he failed to depart from, or arrive at
any of said ports at precisely the schedule time,
be remitted; and it directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle his accounts, and
allow him the amount of said fines and the balance
due him under his contract.
Mr. HOARD. Objection was made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to the consideration of
that bill, and I do not know why it has been read.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am satisfied the gentleman
from Pennsylvania did not mean his objection to
be entertained by the Chair. He is a man who
is very much misunderstood. He puts in objec-
tions when he does not mean them to be enter-
tained. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORSE. Of course he does not object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania as object-
ins;.
Mr. HOARD. I object to the bill.
Mr. MORSE. Let me say to the gentleman,
that this bill has been unanimously reported by
the Post Office Committee. It only proposes to
remit certain fines imposed upon Mr. Green, for
coming into port only a few hours after the sched-
ule time, in consequence of togs and storms. He
not only got nothing for the trips, but was fined
$2,000. All he asks is that those fines shall be
remitted.
Mr. HOARD. What do the fines amount to.
Mr. MORSE. The fines amount to about nine
thousand dollars. They ruined the man, and you
want to continue to rum him. The Government
is this very day paying $/6,000 to a contractor
for performing the very same service which he
performed for $24,000. I call the pievious ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. HOARD. I object; and the gentleman
cannot call the previous question on the bill; and
I will not withdraw the objection until he gets
cool again. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORSE. It is the only favor I ever asked
of the House.
Mr. HOARD. I ask the gentleman to state
how much the fines amount to, and he goes off
into a rambling and excited statement from which
no one can possibly make out anything about the
claim.
Mr. MORSE. I am just as cool as my friend.
I stated that the fines amounted during the year
to about rtine thousand dollars; and thePost Office
Committee tell you that this is as just a bill as
ever came before the House.
Mr. HOARD. Then I withdraw my objection.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MORSE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW GRANADA AND COSTA RICA.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I ask the House to put
upon its passage Senate bill No. 543, to carry
into effect conventions between the United States
and the Republics of New Granada and Costa
Rica. It is necessary that it should be passed
immediately, ill order to carry into effect conven-
tions with New Granada and Costa Rica for the
payment of indemnity to our citizens for losses
there incurred. It simply provides for the ap-
pointment of commissioners in pursuance of treaty
stipulations.
There being no objection to the bill, it was
ordered to a third leading; and was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HUMPHREY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to
SAMUEL PERRY.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. G78) for the re-
lief of Samuel Perry. It is the first bill I have
ever asked the House. to pass, and it is a very
meritorious claim.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Samuel Perry the sum of
§638 98, the amount improperly deducted from
freight for transportation of Indian supplies in the
year 1837, a portion of which was lost by the
sinking of a flat-boat.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill.
It was then ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ICILGORE. I ask the House to put upon
its passage bill No. 917.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object. I have had the floor
twice to-day, and have been taken off it by objec-
tions.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. If that motion is insisted on, I
shall have to call the yeas and nays upon it so as
to take up the time till four o'clock, in order that
we may have a recess till seven this evening.
Mr. THOMAS. Is any business to be done
after the recess—anything but speech-making?
Several Members. No; no.
Mr. THOMAS. Then I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I then propose that we take a
recess now, until seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. BURNETT. I want it understood that
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Webster]
is to have the floor when the special order next
comes up after to-day.
Mr. GROW. Certainly. I proposed that at
the beginning.
Mr.'BlNGHAM. That is understood all round.
TheSPEAKER. The Chairunderstands, then,
that, by general consent of the House,'the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Webster] is to have
the floor on thi' special order on Monday, or when
nextitcomes up after to-day. [Criesof'Agrecd!"
and " Certainly !"]
The House then, (at twenty minutes to four
o'clock, p. m.,) by unanimous consent, took a
recess until seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
&
TheHouse reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.,
(Mr. Aldrich occupying the Chair as Speaker
■pro tem-pore,) and immediately resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the report of
the committee of thirty-three on the present Con-
dition of the country.
Mr. SOMES. Mr. Speaker, I do notpropose_
in the brief space of time I shall occupy, to fatigue
the House with a recital of the present difficulties
which seem to threaten the peace and stability
of the nation. They are already too familiar to
every American citizen; and are but the result of
an attempt to override the laws of civilization, by
endeavoiing to force slavery upon enlightened
communities where the institution never before
existed.
The advocates of slavery have tried to harmon-
ize the most intensified despotism on earth with
free schools and Christianity. They have in-
sulted the intelligence of the North by declaring
that wrong is right, and that all who differ from
them in this conclusion should be gagged. They
have undertaken to unite two repellant bodies, and
because they would not fuse now threaten to break
the crucible. Any political chemist could have
foretold the result.
When the fathers framed the Government, they
were compelled to tolerate slavery, from the ne-
cessity of the case; but, at the same time, they
adopted the theory of equality among men, and
provided in the Constitution the means that were
sure to lead to its ultimate triumph, namely, free
speech and a free press. They did not fear error
so long as tiuth was left free to combat it. Our
southern friends understand the power of truth
when uttered without restraint, as well as the first
Napoleon did, and they fear it more, because the
despotism of Napoleon's sway was a democracy
compared with the tyranny of American slavery.
The nephew is wiser than his uncle, or the slave-
holder; for he means, hereafter, that the golden
and not the iron rule shall govern his people; and
he is, therefore, beginning to loosen the muzzle,
and unfetter the press. He prefers intelligence
to ignorance, intellectual strength to brute force,
wealth to poverty, national greatness to an imbe-
cilc oligarchy, a personal renown, which shall keep
up with or run before theprogress of civilization,
rather than present ease and the execrations of
future generations. Time will verify this state-
ment
The slave power might learn many a lesson of
political wisdom by crossing the Atlantic; but it
chooses the Gulf. In order to coerce the North
into compromising its principles, the South has
inaugurated a system of terrorism that has no
parallel in the history of the world; and when it
is understood that there is no sincerity in the
present movement,at least with four fifths of the
inhabitants of the southern States, but that it is
a mere game of brag, it certainly seems surpris-
ing that so many of our statesmen should be
drawn into the snare.
But I may be told,as a proof of their sincerity,
that already several of the States have held con-
ventionsand resolved themselvesoutoftheUnion,
and have formed a new confederacy. But con-
ventions are cheap, and resolutions still cheaper;
besides, conventions and resolutions constitute no
inconsiderable part of southern political capital.
The southern States occasionally hold conven-
tions, and resolve to open direct trade with for-
eign nations, by means of lines of magnificent
steamships and fast clippers. They resolve great
cities where small towns have hardly held their
own for many years. But I believe the world has
wagged along about the same after as they did
before the resolutions passed; and fast clippers
and the stupendous steamships float only m the
imaginations of the resolvers.
But you say they have gone beyond resolutions
in this case; they have seized the forts and ar-
senals, and have threatened to coerce the Govern-
V
