968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
merit into a war. I know they have, and that is
the very card that was required to bring Congress
on its knees, and iliey knew it. I like the bold-
ness with which they play their game; they
"stake then'all'" on a small pair, and then, with-
out moving a muscle of the face, they look their
opponent in the eye until he quails and lays down
his hand.
I was in Washington most of the time for six
weeks prior to the assembling of Congress, and
had good reasons for believing that a deep and
broad scheme was laid, which has since been par-
tiallyearried out, to dissolve the Republican party
and obtain new concessions and pledges from the
free States, by threatening to dissolve the Union,
without the slightest desire or intention to do so.
I had a peep behind the scenes, and can assure
the timid ones that it is nothing but sheet-iron
thunder that so startles and alarms theni. The
managers did not fully comprehend the firmness
of the northern people; and have therefore been
obliged to play their game more desperately than
was at first intended.
If that which was intended as a farce should
end as a real tragedy among the actors, the get-
ters-up of the play will be responsible for the re-
sults. If the true Union men will stand aloof from
taking any part in this performance, the seces-
sionists will, in the course of ninety days, cry for
quarter instead of concessions.
But, suppose we grant that the Union is now
really in danger: what will save it? Or, if it can-
not be saved, what is the next best thing to be
done? The seceding States repudiate all offers of
adjustment; it is therefore folly to waste time or
words on them; it is worse than folly, it is weak-
* ness and cowardice.
In a speech before the late State convention m
Alabama, Mr. Yancey said:
"Mr. President, I avow myself as utteily, unalterably
opposed to any and all plans of jeooir-truoting n, Union with
the Black Republican States of the North. No new guai-
antees—no amendments of the Constitution—no peaceful
resolutions—no icpeal of offensive law*, can ofiVr to me
any, the iea<t, inducement to i eoon^truet our iclations wtth
the non-slaveholdin* Staler. This opinion is not tounded
on any objection to a oonlederanon with the State* north ot
Mason and Dixon'* line, on principles mutually agieeable
to them ; but it is founded on the conviction that the dis-
ease which pieys on the vital* of the Federal Union, does
not emanate from any defect in the Federal Constitution,
but from a deeper source—the heaits, heads, and con-
sciences of the not them people."
But we are told that the border States must be
saved, and that this can only be done by giving
thorn some compromise upon which they may
stand, and around which they can rally to resist
the tide of secession.
It is proposed by gentlemen to build a platform
out of empty compromises and meaningless prom-
ises for Union men of the border States to stand
upon, and with this to cheat the people back to
their constitutional allegiance. We may cheat
ourselves thus, but not the people. Any com-
promise now offered can only have the ellect of
demoralizing and disorganizing the only power
upon which the tranquillity of the country de-
pends, namely, the Republican party; for these
same disturbing elements will reappear whenever
the slave power has any real or fancied grievance,
unless all attempts at compromise are sternly re-
sisted by the Republican party; for all other par-
ties are broken up, and have no political strength.
The Republican party must save the Government
by standing firm upon its platform of principles,
or losi itself m the general chaos. There are va-
rious propositions of compromise offered-by dif-
ferent classes of men. The first class of compro-
mises are called conservative. They are the
representatives of property, either in slaves at the
South or merchandise at the North; they have
everything to lose and little to gain in any political
or social disturbance, and are j therefore, ever ready
to counsel thesacrificcof principle whenever there
is an appearance of agitation. The second class
are men of passive or negative qualities, with no
particular purpose, and are the subjects and tools
of the positive men. Then there is a third class
of men who, having an eye to an office or a con-
tract, suddenly become overwhelmed with patri-
otic emotions, and are ready to save the Union at
ail hazards.
There is still another class of men that should
not be overlooked, for they have, indirectly, a
good deal of influence. They are what are called
retired gentlemen, or millionaires; they have their
money permanently invested, and have retired to
their easy chairs to doze out the balance of their
days, and are unwilling to be disturbed. They
were once like other men, active and brisk and
bold in their operations; but now those days are
but dreams of the past; they have now a taste for
everything that is old, moldy, and stationary.
The world whirls too fast for them; it makes them .
dizzy, and so they are anxious to stop it. If you
could be permitted to look into their safes, you
would find large packages of Government and
State stocks, as well as railroad and manufactur-
ing. You would also find bonds and mortgages
and bank stock in abundance. They are in the
habit of overhauling and contemplating these as
a poet does Shakspearc or Longfellow. In a
word, these men are chronic fogies run to seed,
and should be treated with consideration and re-
spect, for we have one of them at the head of the
Government. But there is a class of men who
do not propose to give any further license to sla-
very; who act from higher motives; whose con-
trolling influence is humanity; whose ambition is
its growth and universal development. This class
has secured the control of the Government in the
triumph of the Republican party, after a struggle
of many years.
There are certain strata in political history that
mark the progress of the race with as much cer-
tainty as do those of geology the formation of the
earth. These are war, money, and humanity.
The first had its day, and controlled nations with
an iron will. Then war yielded to money, and
capital has been for many years the barometer of
public opinion, and the controlling influence of
political parties and nations.
But this is about to give up its scepter to hu-
manity, giving a higher tone to public sentiment;
a better political practice, as well as theory, to the
country. War and money are to be used only as
auxiliary agents in the development, of this new
power. Tins young giant is already inaugurated
in the North; and you might as well attempt to
resist the laws that govern the seasons as to check
his onward course. The position of the free
States is uncompromising hostility to the expan-
sion of slavery.
In view of these facts, let us see what is the
real condition and interest of the slaveStates,and
the policy which tjiey should pursue. The cot-
ton states—South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida, Arkansas, and a
part of Texas—are slave-consuming States; "Vir-
ginia, Maryland, Delaware, Kentucky, Tennes-
see, North Carolina, and Missouri, are slave-
breeding States. The former seek extension of
breeding territory to secure cheap negroes; the
latter, if they would extend slavery at ail, should
strive to annex more consuming territory, for the
purpose of enhancing the market value of slaves.
What, then, is the policy of the two sections of
the South? I cheerfully admit that the border
States are but slightly responsible for the dis-
turbed state of affairs, and that the crime rests
mainly upon seceding or slavc-consuming States.
Suppose, then, theconsumingStates really mean
secession and an independent southern confeder-
acy: will the border slave States go with them, and
assist in opening the African slave trade,when itis
evident that, sooner or later, the value of slaves
would be so reduced by fresh importations that
it would become unprofitable to.raise them?
In addition to this sacrifice of the interests of
the breeding States, they will, from their geo-
graphical position, be compelled to fight the bat-
tles of the consuming States as well as their own,
and to assist m suppressing servile insurrection
as soon as the restraints of the Federal Govern-
ment arc removed from those in the North who
would excite it. Newand increased facilities will
be offered for the escape of this property; for
property with brains and legs would then be less
reliable than stocks, or even Indian bonds; and I
wish to tell southern gentlergen now, that if they
succeed in breaking up this Union, and place
themselves upon unfriendly relations with the free
States, they can never recover from northern soil
a single slave who steals himself; for then, even
marshals and commissioners, being shorn of their
fees, will join the hosts of freedom. The policy
of the consuming States will be free trade and di-
rect taxation, which must necessarily prevent the
development of the natural resources of the border
States and reduce them to slave breeding alone.
Such is the condition and position of the seced-
ing slave-consuming States, with whom it is pi o-
posed the border States shall ally themselves,
unless we of the free States concede some com-
promise upon which they can stand.
Why should they, then, demand of the North
concessions that will only result ultimately to their
disadvantage and our disgrace ? Suppose that we
give you New Mexico, with astringent slave code:
what then? I have already shown you that it
would only create competition with your own
slave-breeding States;and that, while you expand
slave territory, you contract your own income.
Suppose we offer you, as a compromise, the
strongest guarantee that we will not interfere with
slavery in the States: you have it already in the
Constitution. And one year ago you rung the
changes on the Constitution and the Union, until
the phrase became a byword. Has the Consti-
tution changed; or why have you lost faith in it?
The Republican party is satisfied with it as it is.
Shall wc repeal the personal liberty bills? You
now say you care nothing about them. Do you
want more guarantees for the rendition of fugi-
tives from labor? Can you get any better guar-
antees by going out of the Union than you now
have in it?
The fugitive slave law was framed to satisfy
the slave power, and was made so heavy that it
crushed us northern champion—the greatest man
of the age—and carried down a President and the
Whig party. Are you not satisfied with such a
feat, or have you got your eyes on another crop
of great men and a successful party whose necks
you wish to place under this modern guillotine,
called compromise? Several are already on their
backs, looking up at the glistening blade; but they
are unwilling to die alone, so they beckon us on
to share their inglorious fate.
It is urged by some that wo should yield all the
Territory south of 36^30' to slavery, on tlie ground
that slavery cannot exist there and be profitable;
that the laws of nature forbid it. Why should
not slave bleeding be as profitable in New Mexico
as m Virginia or Maryland? It is for breeding
alone that they want this Territory, as I have
endeavored to show; but, if it is wotthless, why
are you so tenacious to secure it for slavery'
You say it is a mere abstraction for which we
arc contending, bccause slavery cannot possibly
go there. And yet you regard this abstraction of
so much importance to you that you say you are
willing to dissolve the Union and plunge the coun-
try into civil war to secure it. If it is an abstrac-
tion with us, of course it must be an abstraction
with you.
But you say you have gone so far in the seces-
sion scheme that it would be humiliating to be
compelled to retract; and therefore wc must do
something, if it is only a semblance of conces-
sion. I admire the coolness of this proposition
more than the justice of it. You who are for dis-
union have turned traitors to the Government—
stolen the forts and arsenals—and now you come
to us and insist that we must, get up a sham and
a cheat in order that you may escape the gallows
withouttarmshingyourhonor or humiliating your
pride.
It is true the North has been condescending and
generous towards the South, and i have no doubt
will continue to be, so long as the Union shall last.
It is natural for intelligent and honest communi-
ties to be more gencious than just, especially to-
ward the weak and erring; but when cummals
come to such a people and demand that their crimes
shall be indorsed, instead of being pardoned, I
think it is rather more than they will consent to.
And although a few members of Congress, rep-
resenting a generous people, maybe induced to
stand god-fathers to traitors, and become accesso-
ries to treason, after the fact, I feel confident that
their constituents will hang them higher on the
tree of public scorn than Haman or Judas hung.
Let me say to gentlemen of the border stave
States'if you would be protected by the Federal
Government against insurrections; if you would
have slavery still tolerated and your firesides re-
spected; if you would escapc the torch and the
assassin's knife; I beseech you, in all candor and
frankness, accept the aid and cooperation of your
best friends; ally yourselves with the North, and
let the cotton States fight their own battles. Ac-
knowledge the rightfulness of the doctrine of free-
dom, education, and elevation which now obtains
