974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tlie future may have in store for us, " the Govern-
ment of the United States" will still exist. If, in
the madness of the hour, stars shoot-wildly from
the political firmanent, then, in the language of the
poet,
 u we will press
The golden elu&ter of our Uave old flag
In closer union ; and, if numbering less,
Brighter shall sfiine the stars which still remain."
The power of a nation depends not on the ex-
tent of its possessions. Breadth of territory may
oe, and often is, only an element of weakness.
I realize that, even after the secession of cotton
States, there remains a territory abounding in
every element of strength, and a people homo-
geneous m character and feeling. With that peo-
ple the lot of my constituents is cast. To'that
Government, founded on law, liberty, and light,
the citizens of Michigan cling with unswerving
loyalty; to its authority they always have been
obedient; to its Constitu tion they ha veal ways been
faithful; and they bring to that Government, in
the future, as they have in the past, not a condi-
tional fealty, contingenton concessions and com-
promises; not a conditional loyalty, dependent on
constitutional changes; but they tender it the sup-
portof hearts fervid with disinterested patriotism
and of hands hardened by honorable toil. They
cling to the altar of a common Union with patri-
otic devotion and unswerving faith. The temple
of the Constitution, built by master workmen, is
their glorious inheritance; and they count that
man an enemy who, from within or without, at-
tempts to weaken its foundations or disturb its
pillars.
Mr. BE ALE. Mr. Speaker, the great question
which has for the last twelve years agitated the
country is that of human freedom and slavery.
Increasing year by year, and election after election,
m magmtudeand importance, ithasatlast assumed
dimensions which cast their shadow far and darkly
overcvery other public issue. And, sir, in the same
ratio with its increase has progressed the intelli-
gent understanding, by the people of at least one
section of the country, relative to it. This ques-
tion so great, I shall not undertake to discuss on
this occasion. Not only have such discussions
here, in the Senate, through the press, and before
the people, been too full to render such a course
necessary; but, sir, now is no time for essays upon
any question, no time for theories or for policies.
The logic of circumstances is hurrying us irresist-
ibly along to far different conclusions. The pro-
jects of the hour demand at our hands immediate
and far different consideration. The time for de-
liberation gives place, in every earnest mind and
patriot soul, to a desire, a resolve to act. I shall
endeavor, sir, briefly and earnestly to express my
opinion as to the causes which have produced the
existing state of things, to consider our condition,
and the duty of every representative man in the
premises.
I have said that this question has been before the
country for thirteen years. Every grand princi-
ple involved was fully discussed thug long since,
and-even then it assumed its true political propor-
tions. The acquisition of territory from Mexico
had been consummated for the avowed purpose
of extending the area of slavery. A proviso was
introduced into Congress applying to such ter-
ritory the ordinance of Mr. Jefferson. It was
supported with ability by honorable gentlemen-
Senators and Representatives—some of whom
have remained steadfast in these patriotic opin-
ions; some of whom have " fallen asleep;" and
some of whom, " though living, are yet dead."
Prom Congress and from conventions the great
subject was appealed to the people, and before
that august and honest tribunal the case was ar-
gued through an exciting and enthusiastic can-
vass. The friends of freedom made the issue a
piactical one. Selecting from among their num-
ber the men in whom they reposed the most con-
fidence, theygave into their hands the banner-staff
and baton, and, as their chosen leaders unfurled
that flag, upon its stripeless folds and circled with
its clusteung stars, they read the motto: "Free
soil, free speech, free labor, andfreemen." Amon 
their other professions of principle, they solemnly !
pledged themselves to the country and the world i
that there must be 110 more compromises with ■
slavery; if made, they must be repealed;" that
-hey^would "fight on and fight ever, until a tri-
umpaant victory should reward their exertions."
February 16,
Those soldiers of freedom, twelve years ago last
November, polled one hundred and twenty thou-
sand votes in the State of New York, and about
three hundred thousand in the Union; and thus
gave an earnest of their sincerity, and proof of
their vigor.
The Free-soil organization and canvass of 1848
was the germ and inception of the Republican
party. Wherever its apostles proclaimed the
evangel of liberty through that canvass, the good
seed was sown broadcast. Every where throughout
the North, they then, as the Republican party
now does, proclaimed unwavering hostility to the
extension of human servitude, non-interference
with it in the States where it exists by virtue of
local law, and denied the power of the Federal
Government to repeal ormodify such laws; they
proclaimed the nationality of freedom, and the
sectionalism of slavery; reaffirmed the policy of
the ordinance of 1787; denied the power in the
Federal Government to " deprive any person of
life, liberty, or property, without due legal pro-
cess;" denied the power of Congress to make a
slave, or establish slavery; asserted the power of
Congress to exclude slavery from free territory;
demanded freedom for our brethren in New Mex-
ico, as well asin Oregon and California; demanded
economy in all public expenditures, and the sub-
stitution of "election by the people of all civil offi-
cers as faras practicable, "in lieu of appointments,
and to correct the abuses of executive patronage;
recommended free grants of public lands to actual
settlers; and, in order to pay the national debt,
its interest, and the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment, they recommended a "tariff of duties."
These recommendations, denials, assertions,and
demands, constituted the platform of principle
upon which the friends of liberty waged the polit-
ical contest of 1848. In what, sir, does it differ
from the platform of the Republican party in 1860?
Certainly in no essential. And one is impressed
not only with the patriotism of those men who
framed it, but with their sagacity, and almost
prophetic forecast.
To the great mind which conceived, the fervid
heart which impelled, the true courage which pro-
claimed, and the iron will which has maintained
the assertion of these principles, prophetic vision
is vouchsafed, and the future opens to him with all
itsincidents,as the broad path from cause toeffect.
Honored among men will this patriot be, and the
more honored that, standing firm amid defection
of friends, and mutation of events, he still lceeps
the "whiteness of his soul." Would that all who
stood with him then, were with him to-day;that
the uncompromising earnestness of that hour per-
vaded this; and that freedom should not have
had occasion to mourn the departure of his com-
panions and her votaries from the altar and the
temple.
The principles of freedom, thus asserted twelve
years ago, the great central idea of that struggle
—resistance to the aggressions of slavery—havin<*
fallen upon the popular heart of the free States^
produced an impression which could not be effaced.
It came homo to the minds, and filled the every-
day thoughts, of the masses of the northern peo-
ple. In the workshop, and amid the marts of
traffic, and especially among the yeomanry of
the North, the tillers of "free soil," and the par-
ticipants and vindicators of the dignity of " free
labor," the burning thoughts of the advocates of
freedom found welcome access. Nor could those
thoughts bo repressed by the so-called compro-
mises of 1850. Thinking for themselves, the peo-
ple solved the problem within their own minds,
and resolved no longer to be accessory to any at-
tempts to extend the institution of human slavery
beyond its then limits. I say, they resolved upon
this in spite of compromises. Sir, the people of
the North never heartily approved the compro-
mises of 1850. They realized and understood the
philosophy embodied in the expression of the men
of 1848: "There must be no more compromises
with slavery; if made, they must be repealed."
There was a reluctant acquiescence on their part
witlf those acts. They felt that they were intended
to, and did, humiliate them. They justly regarded
the provision for the rendition of fugitives from
service as dishonoring to themselves, violative of
constitutional rights, and as periling the liberty
ol the freeman. They foresaw that, under its or-
ganic provisions, New Mexico would become a
slave Territory, and might become a slave State
—that same New Mexico for which they had
"demanded freedom"and the " establishment of
free institutions." But, sir, under the pledge of
peace, quiet, and finality to agitation, and, more
than all, through their love for the Union of the
States, they yielded a tacit assent; their Repre-
sentatives signed a solemn league and covenant
never to reopen the agitation of the slavery ques-
tion m Congress, or to support anyone who should
do so; and having thus discharged what they con-
ceived to be their duty, they returned back to pri-
vate life; and, by permission of their constituents,
will remain there forever. So much for the com-
promisers of J 850.
In 1859, the Whig and Democratic national
conventions passed resolutions indorsing these
compromises, and pledging themselves against a
reopening of the slavery agitation or discussion.
Each nominated a presidential candidate, and en-
tered into the canvass; but the Whig party, par-
alyzed by the compromises of 1850, died of their
indorsement in 1852. The majestic mourner, hav-
ing poured from her party urn the tears of mil-
lions, passed through the sepulchral gates, and
stretched herself by the side of Webster, both self-
slain by a compromise.
The result of the election of 1853, and the fate
of Representatives who surrendered the free sen-
timent of the country to the slave power, proved,
conclusively, how deep was the resolve of the
people of the North to resist further aggression
of slavery.
While acquiescing reluctantly in those compro-
mises, and permitting one after another of fugi-
tives to be arrested,and remanded to slavery, the'y,
through their immediate Representatives, claimed
and exercised the right to pass such State lawsas
should protect every freeman from unlawful seiz-
ure, ana secure to him his " inalienable right" of
personal liberty. Such laws were passed with due
reference to the Federal Constitution, and in the
full exercise of their respective State sovereignty;
Massachusetts, in all this, doing only what Vir-
ginia had done, and for the same reason.
While thus legislating to protect freemen from
slavery, several of the southern States of the Con-
federacy had legislated to reduce free colored men
to servitude; and still more of them flagrantly dis-
regarded the constitutional right " that citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States."
Mr. Speaker, the compromise of 1850 is one of
the causes of the present condition of things. The
antagonistic systems of freedom and slavery hav-
ing come in contact, and the former having yielded
its principles and rights, having, as in 1820, al-
lowed that to be a compromise which took all
from the one party and gave to the other, southern
men naturally supposed that such surrenders, such
compromises, were the fair, legitimate, order of
things. They learned to expect, they resolved to
demand them; and therefore it is that to-dav we
are asked to compromise; and if northern Rep- *
resentatives dare to refuse, the Republic is con-
i vulsed, States secede, the Union is to be dissolved,
i anu war to be waged.
I But, sir, let us examine another cause for the
present state of things. Notwithstanding thp le-
gislation and pledges of 1850, and their Indorse-
ment by the national conventions of the two great
parties of the country in 1852, and the pledge of an
Executive m his inaugural address, such pledges
were broken by the Administration and by the
South m 1854. The slavery subject was again
agitated m Congress and out of it;" old com-
pacts were swept away; old landmarks between
freedom and slavery were removed; and the whole
question was reopened.
Northern men, subservient to southern inter-
ests, proposed the measure. Southern men, in an
evil hour, acceded, and carried it through to its
consummation. The Missouri compromise was
i lepealed, and the entire Territories thrown open
I to the incursions of the slave interest. This
j wrong was clone by Democrats and southern Rep-
,j resentatives in Congress and a Democratic Exce-
' !itlV0-, what puipose,Mr.Speaker? In order
' 'hat slavery might take possession of the fair do-
, main of Kansas, and might ovenun all our other
i territorial possessions.
j What, sir, has been the result > After an em-
! blttcred contest, after the sacrifice of pne, 1,-ss
1 treasures, the blood and tears of northern men and
women; after the realization of more than the eon-
