976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
appreciative multitudes listened to those truths
with which they were already familiar; and to
the triumph of which they believed the country
would owe relief from intolerable wrongs and bur-
dens, and a restoration to the purity, patriotism,
and prosperity which had characterized the ad-
ministrations of Jefferson, Madison, and Jack-
son. These convictions, and the determination
which spring from the loftiest sense of duty, made
that party irresistible. Itoverthrewevery obsta-
cle, and swept every free State except one.
Sir, on the 7th day of November last, when Re-
publicans met upon that hard-fought and well-won
field, they congratulated themselves, not so much
upon the election of their gallant leader to the
Presidency as upon the victory which had been
vouchsafed to freedom, justice, and humanity.
These, sir, were their real leaders, and arc now.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus cursorily glanced at
the political incidents of the last twelve years,
not only to show the causes for the present con-
dition of public affairs, springing from the errors
of the opponents and the mistakes of the luke-
warm supporters of freedom, but also, as show-
ing the gradual but never retrograding advance of
free sentiments throughout the North, as shoeing
the educational process through which, by de-
grees, the popular mind in the free States have
arrived at the deliberate determination to oppose,
by every constitutional means, the extension of
nuraan slavery over another foot of free territory,
and to oppose, in every legal manner, each and
every aggression of the slave power upon the
rights or privileges of free citizens. Let me as-
sure you, gentlemen of the South, that the peo-
ple of the North have formed that determination',
that they will abide by it.
The people of the ]Sorth deem the election of
Mr. Lincoln the surest, strongest evidence, not of
their power, but of the power of this chastened
and exalted public opinion. They have regarded
his election as the dethronement of the slave power
behind Presidents, Cabinets, the judiciary, and
the Federal Legislature. They have regarded his
election as the nationalization of freedom; as the
restoration of the Government to the policy of
earlier and better days. In short, the people of
the North regard the election of Mr. Lincoln as
the assurance that the day of compromises has
indeed and forever passed; that henceforth sla-
very shall have all the consideration which is con-
stitutionally due to it, and no more; that freedom
shall have all Us rights recognized and respected.
Mr. Speaker, po sooner was the result of the
election known than the extreme South, led on
by South Caiolina, proceeded to the execution of
the plans long since contemplated by them. Le-
gislatures were convened and conventions called.
Open resistance to the Federal Government was
proclaimed. Armed men were concentrated, and
moved upon Federal posts; and the intention was
boldly avowed never to submit to the administra-
tion of a Republican President. The old doctrine
of secession was revived and advocated; and all
appearances justified the opinion that it would be
consummated. These acts and doctrines pro-
duced a deep sensation throughout the slavehold-
ing States. The excitement spread, and threat-
ened ultimately to involve the whole fifteen States
in the same action.
With such a state of affairs existing in the Re-
public, Congress convened on the 3d of Decem-
ber* and on the 4th received the annual message
of the President. Sir, in my judgment, this was
the critical moment of the Republic; this the great
opportunity which the genius of a Napoleon, or
the firmness, discernment, and patuotism of a
Jackson, would have seized to repress treason,
vindicate the Constitution and laws, restore con-
fidence in the Union, and tranquillity to the coun-
try. Bur, sir, that firmness, discernment, and pa-
triotism, were altogether wanting in the President.
His message to Congress was an indignity to this
body, and to the mass of the northern people.
His suggestions of compromises, concessions, and
further guuranteesto slavery, were the commence-
ment of a ww order of things in this body; and
should such or other compromises pass by Re-
publican votes, I trust the paternity will be coll-
ided. Sir, it was most befitting,after the Presi-
nt had insulted the constituency of every Re-
^-olican Representative by base and groundless
charges, that several of those Representatives
should indorse each allegation by adopting the
modes of conciliation recommended in the mes-
sage.
By the votes of Republican Representatives,
" such portions of said message as referred to the
perilous condition of the country" were referred
to a select committee of one from each State, with
power to report measures of conciliation. Here,
sir, in my judgment, was the first great error of
the representatives of freedom. By such action
there was a tacit admission that the Republican
party had done something wrong, which it was
the duty of that party to redress. Or there was
an intimation that Republicans deemed it their
duty to make apparent or real concessions to con-
ciliate. Sir, in my opinion, the dignity of the
representatives of free principles would have been
better conserved by a prompt and emphatic re-
buke of the presumption; and not only the dig-
nity, but the harmony, integrity, and very exist-
ence of the Republican party.
Sir, let me not be misunderstood as preferring
the integrity of a mere organization to the peace
and unity of the Republic. I speak in no such
sense. 1 believe that this Republican party is
something more than an organization; that it has
had confided to it by the people the noblest trust—
that of preserving and transmitting to posterity
the liberty for which the Revolution was waged,
the Declaration of Independence published, and
the Constitution framed. I believe, sir, that, in the
last canvass, this party snatched from the very
brink of destruction that liberty with ail its holy
incidents; and when my mind is prepared to see
that party broken up by universal consent, I
shall so far have become recreant as to prefer des-
potism to liberty, and slavery to freedom. I say
frankly and kmdly to all gentlemen, that if the
ordinary policiesof party were the things to be com-
promised, if questions of tariffs, of public lands,
of treaty stipulations, of territorial boundaries, or
the expansion of territorial limits, were all that
divided our southern brethren and ourselves, I
would, under oidumry circumstances, cheerfully
yield, compromise, and concede.
But, sir, those great principles of freedom, jus-
tice, and humanity, and the organization bound
to secure them, I will never sacrifice; nor will I
consent by rfty voice or vote to compromise them
in the slightest degree. Like man's courage and
woman's honor, they should remain unsullied and
unsuspected. .
I have said, sir, that, upon other questions than
these, I would, under ordinary circumstances,
yield; but, sir, I would not yield even those, under
menace; and for that reason, also, was I opposed
to the compromise committee of thirty-three. We
weie menaced then, we are menaced now; and it
is by these powerful influences that we are to be
coerced. Sir, I am opposed to this kind of co-
ercion. And irLthis, as upon the other principles,
I rejoice that I am supported by my people.
Rcptiblican County Convention.
At a convention of the Republicans ot the countv of Co-
lumbia, held in the city of Hudson, on the J'tliday of Jan-
uai>, 1861, Edwaid G. Wilbor was chosen president, Nel-
son Rusk, vice president, and Charles A. Stevens, sreretarv.
On motion oi John S. Gould, a committee of seven was
appointed by the Chair to present resolutions foi the con-
sideration of the convention, as follows: J. S. Gould, J.
G. Paten. John Cadman, J P. Dorr, W. H. Barnes, If. S.
Van De Cair, and William II. llawvcr.
The convention then adjourned to 2 o'clock, p. m.
The convention again assembled at 2, p. in., and the
committee reported the following resolutions; which, on
motion, were unanimously adopted :
Resolved. That a ;v concession to,or compromise with,
any State or other body of men while m actual lebelhon
against our Federal Government, is utteily impracticable,
and inconsistent with ow national dignity.
Resolved, That we an; now, as we have ever been, in
favoi of observing with inviolable fidelity all the provisions
of the Com-titution and the laws as expounded !>v the
father-? of the Republic; and that we lejoice that in ail the
congressional snuggle* between freedom and {slavery, our
Representatives have never, hv wo id or action, encpuiaged
the disunion sentiments wmch for many yeais pa^t have
been professed by the Repiesentatives of the siaveiwJding
States?, both m and outot Confess.
Resolved, That the creek} and ill-treatment which have
been piactieedin the southern State- on peaceable northern
citi/.ens, who have been muideied, beaten, exiled, and sub-
jected to eveiy t-pecios er insult and abuse, on the mere
suspicion thatthevlove ueedom bettei than r-lavery.excite
our warmest indignation; and tliat we emphatically call
upon tho'Geneial Government to extend it-* protection over
Mich oitr/en* u here^lomicihated in the southern States or
while traveling through them.
Revolt &L That we K-pudiate the doctrine of secession as
held by South C.irolma and otiioi States, and that we be-
lieve the Constitution, as formed by our fatheis, ia an in-
dissoluble Government, which "must and shall be pre-
served.
Resolved, That the overt act1? of treason of those mem-
bers of the national Government who have countenanced
and given aid to scce=sion and rebellion ar^ in direct vio-
lation of then oaths as officers, and should receive the con-
demnation of all true patriots.
Resolved, That we confide fully in the wisdom and pa-
triotism of Abraham Lincoln, our Chief Magistrate elect.
Resolved, That the platform of piineiplcs laid down by
the national Republican convention at Chicago, contains
the true expression of our political faith.
Resolved, That the prompt tender of men and money by
the Governor and Legislature of the State to the Tederal
Government, to aid in the enforcement of the laws, de-
serves and receives the cordial approval of the people.
Resolied, That the firm adherence of the officers of the
Army to the cause of the Constitution merits our warm-
est approval. We rejoice that Geneial Scott is preserved
to us to lead our aimies in these times of trouble and re-
volt, and we have no feais for success while the hero of a
hundred fights is the. leader in the conflict. Our thanks aie
especially due to the gallant Major Anderson, whose con-
duct in the harbor of Charleston has won for him a fame
which will enroll his name with the noblest names in the
Republic.
Resohed, That we call upon all true patriots, without ro
spcct to political party, tocoopeiate with us m maintaining
the Constitution and enfoicingthe laws.
On motion. <t was
Resolved, That a copy of the proceedings of this con-
vention be foi warded to our United States Senators, to our
Representatives in Congress, and to onr members in the
State Legislatuie.
Resolved, That these proceedings be published in the
Columbia Republican, Albany Evening Journal, and the
New York Tribune.
E. G. WTLBOR, President,
NELSON RUSK, V ce President.
CIIARLES A. STEVENS. Secretary.
Mr. Speaker, the result of this committee of
thirty-three is before us now. It is the special
order of the day. It is before us in the shape of
compromises, concessions, and additional guar-
antees of slavery. With these propositions be-
fore us, we are prepared clearly to define our
position.
Sir, I am opposed to any and all compromises—
1. Because they are to be extorted from us by
threats of dissolution of the Union inr case we re-
fuse. I desire to see the strength of this Govern-
ment tested, and to know whether the Union is
a Federal rope of sand, to be washed away by
I every wave of passion, or an " indissoluble Lrov-
l eminent."
2. Because they will fail to accomplish the rein-
tegration of the Union.
Six States have already seceded, and will not
be parties to the transaction or bound by it, and
one, if not more, has avowed her determination
never to come back even upon the principle of re-
construction; and several of them are represented
in a convention to form a southern confederacy,
and have formed such confederacy.
3. Because the Republican party is not now in
power, and should not submit to any terms as a
condition-precedent to obtaining it.
Our candidate has been constitutionally elected;
entertains no principles hostile to the interests of
any one of the States. We are resolved to inau-
gurate him in the same constitutional manner.
In the words of the distinguished Senator elect
from Ohio, "inauguration first, adjustment after-
ward."
4. Because the sentiment of nine tenths of the
Republicans of the free States is opposed to com-
promise of principle. I speak not of the commer-
cial circles, where the opinion of Mr. Webster
prevails, that " Governments were instituted to
protect property," no matter of what kind; but of
the intelligent masses of the free country, where,
upon the mountain sides, in the valleys, and along
the rivers of the North, no shackle rings—no un-
paid labor degrades, but where to woik is to be
ennobled, and where the god of Freedom baptizes
the foreheads of his sons with the dew of toil.
These men want no compromises with slave la-
[\ bor—no unfair competition between their adven-
j, turous toil and the investments of southern cap-
ji ital. These men believe that to secure the
j] inalienable rights of life and liberty, governments
i; were instituted among men."
:! Gentlemen tell us that thesocompromisos are
;i not expected or intended to conciliate the Gulf
:j States, but to strengthen the Union sentiment in
the border slave States, and prevent further seees-
;l sions. Sir, no one can respect the Union senti-
: ment more than I do; no one more ardently desires
; that the integrity of this great nation may br pre-
, served. But 1 say to gentlemen from the bolder
|i States, you ask of us the surrender of our honor
| as well as of our principles; you ask of us what
Ii in no case you wo.u!d be willing to yield to us, I
