THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1861.
New Series.....No. &.
have mistaken the spirit of those Representatives
if they would have compromised, or even con-
sented to negotiate for a compromise, had they
elected their candidate, and we threatened to se-
cede from them. I say, further, that our friends
of the border States to-day stand in the position
of negotiators for concessions from us, and point
to the living arguments of six seceding States as
the powerful inducement for our sacrifice; and at
the same time, not one of them, nor the Repre-
sentatives of one of them—except the honorable
gentleman from Maryland—will consent to unite
with us in the enforcement of the laws, or for the
relief of a gallant officer, who stands to-day in
peril because he stands under the banner of the Re-
public; not one of them, in case we support every
proposition of compromise, would support us in
any attempt to vindicate the honor of our flag, or
rescue, or punish the lawless seizure and impris-
onment of a civil officer, whose offense consisted
in obedience to the laws of the nation, and the
discharge of his duty. But, on the contrary,
these honorable Representatives deprecate and
denounce all enforcements of law or all defense of
Federal property as coercion and as war. And
not a few of these Representatives conducted the
last canvass upon the avowed party platform of
" the Constitution, tlieUnion, and the enforcement
of the laws.'1 And further, I say that every in-
terest of thetorder States points to the propriety
of an adherence to the Union. Let the lino of
a separate Government be. brought down to the
northern boundaries of Mai-y land, Virginia, Ken-
tucky and Missouri, and all security for their pe-
culiar property would cease.
Such, sir, are my objections to any compro-
mise, and particularly at this juncture.
The plans which have been submitted do not
tend to diminish, but rather to increase, the strength
of my objections. In my judgment, each of them
involves the surrender of the cardinal principles of
the Republican party, which are those of the Con-
stitution; and but one of them would tend, in any
degree, to placate theslaveholdingStates,and that
is the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. Indeed, several of the border States
have declared that proposition to be their ultima-
tum. I shall endeavor to review briefly these
propositions, and state frankly my objections to
each.
The select committee of thirty-three propose,
first, an amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, as follows:
"Art. IS. No amendment of this Constitution, having
for its object any interference within the States with the
relation between their citizens and [hose described in sec-
tion second of the fir.=t article of the Constitution ad ' ail
other persons,' shall originate with any State that does not
recognize that relation witilln its own limits, or shall be
valid without the assent of eveiy one of the States com-
posing tile Union."
Sir, my objections to the proposed amendment
are:
1. Itdeprivesthe"people oftheUnited States,"
who " ordained and established the Constitution,"
of the rights of amendment thereto in the man-
ner and form therein prescribed, and substitutes
the action of a State therefor, and ratification of
all the States, instead of the people of three
fourths thereof.
2. It discriminates unjustly between the " peo-
ple" of one class of States, or between those
States themselves and the States which recognize
the- relation specified in the Constitution, and
which relation is interpreted to mean chattel sla-
very.
3. It would interfere with those powers of the
Government, so ably discussed by my friend the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] first, to impose a capitation tax, appor-
tioned upon the basis of representative popula-
tion; second, to emancipate slaves in time of war,
under the war power vested in the Government.
4. It would furnish additional evidence to sus-
tain the propositions enunciated in the case of
Dred Scott vs. Sandford, that the Constitution ot
the United States recognized the right of property
in man, " that there is no difference between prop-
62
erty in a slave and other property," except that
the former sustains no portion of the burdens of
Government; that each is entitled to the same pro-
tection, and stands upon the same footing under
our Constitution and laws, (19 How. Rep., pp.
451, 452;) and it would furnish occasion for re-
newed decisions of similar character, and still
further carrying out the doctrine.
5. By the so-called decision of the same court,
in the same case, it was held, substantially, that
free colored persons, whose ancestors were im-
ported into this country and sold asslaves, " had
no rights which the white man was bound to re-
spect," and werenot citizens of the United States,
although such persons were born and reside
therein; and that the " Constitution having taken
from the States all power, by any subsequent
legislation, to introduce as a citizen into the po-
litical community of the United States, such or
any other person, no matter where born or what
his character or condition;" and such decision
having been predicated in part upon the terms
" citizens," " relations," " all other persons,"as
used in the Constitution, and repeated in the pro-
posed amendment, I am unwilling to furnish any
additional evidences, sanction, or assurance to so
atrocious a doctrine. And inasmuch as many of
these persons so described, disqualified, and out-
lawed, have been emancipated and reside in slave-
holding States; and as many residing in and citi-
zens of free States heretofore have gone, and may
go, into slave States in business capacities, and
as many so going, and temporarily sojourning,
have been arrested and imprisoned, and others
may not only be so imprisoned, but sold into sla-
very; and as State legislation has for some time
been contemplated to reduce all colored persons
in slaveholding States into actual or conditional
slavery, or to impair their rights and interest, and
banish them from such States; therefore, I am
unwilling to support any such proposition as will'
forbid an amendment of the Constitution more
clearly defining, recognizing, or protecting the
rights of such " persons," or interfering with the
" relations " between " citizens," undor such de-
cision, and these persons, or as would more ef-
fectually protect the " rights of citizens of each
State in the several States." I say I am unwill-
ing to support a proposition that no such amend-
ment shall be made unless originating in a slave
State, and approved by each and everyone of the
slave States, including, of course, the one where
those rights were violated.
G. My farfher objection to this amendment is,
that the southern people, through tHeir represent-
atives in either branch of Congress, have never
demanded it; but, by every fair implication, have
protested against it. They have demanded noth-
ing but what they called loyalty to the Constitu-
tion. Such for years, here and elsewhere, has
been the purport of their speeches and journals.
To that end they have wielded the legislation of
the country, and wrested the judicial authorities.
Let us to-day agree with them, and in the loftiest
sense, be unfalteringly loyal to the Constitution
of our country as it is.
7. Another objection to this amendment. I
have ever been taught to regard the Constitution
of the Republic the fundamental law of the land;
as something sacred from the touch of the pro-
fane; as permeated with the liberal spirit, and
jeweled with the starry brightness of the intellects
which framed it; as glorious all over with the
patriotism of the Revolution;as coming down, to
us of inferior clay and of baser spirit, an emana-
tion of better days and from better men; as bring-
ing down to us, and through us bearing on to
furthest posterity, the treasures of a " perfect
Union," of " established justice," of " assured
tranquillity," prosperity, and "the blessings of
liberty." I believe ithas all these perfections this
day; and therefore, sir, I am "reluctant here, in
this hour of madness and folly, to change, add,
or diminish, one line or word, one sentiment, or
thought. And, sir, I am resolved that, in so far
as I am concerned, no change shall therein be
made which shall, in the slightest degree, or by
anyinterpretation,recognize the ",wroog" xvhicK
Mr. Madison deprecated, "of admitting-in the
Constitution'the idea of property in, A'art
which shall fasten such " wron£"'up<ih odrfc'otiri-
try through all coming time. I shall yoteiagaiast
the proposition.
The next proposition is " an for "the admis-
sion of New Mexico." My objections to 'this
compromise are:
1. 'As nearly as can be ascertained, the inhabit-
ants of New Mexico do not desire that the Ter-
itory shall become a State; but, on the contrary,
wish to retain their presentcondition.
2. NewMexicois not fitto be admitted as such
State. The insufficient number of her inhabitants,
and their mixed and motley character, speak
strongly against the impolicy of such admission.
3. I am inclined to agree with my friend from
Ohio in his constitutional objection to heradmis-
sion, and would, with him, apply to her the Je£-
fersonian rule applied to the State of Ohio.
4. I never would vote.for the admission of New
Mexico until she expunges, from her territorial
statute-book her atrocious slave code, the won-
der and the shame of the age and nation; a code,
sir, which we repealed by a decided majority at
the last session of Congress, but which still lies
upon the table of a Democratic Senate.
5. This proposition to admit New Mexico is
brought forward as a compromise on the part of
the North to the South, while, at the same time,
honorable gentlemen of the Republican party pre-
dict that it will come in as a free State, if so,
the object for which it is proposed will fail, and
the South will then have just cause of offense. If
gentlemen offer it as a concession to slavery, while
they believe it will not be so in reality, there is
bad faith in the transaction. I will be a party to
no such contrivance. I will not assist to cheat,
as I do not desire to be cheated. I cannot consent
that the ethics of Tatersall's shall be thus in-
grafted upon the honor of Parliament.
6. But I am opposed to the adoption of this
proposition, because I believe it will result in her
admission as a slave State, and I believe that she
will secede from the Union within thirty days
thereafter.
This act is an enabling act; under it a consti-
tution may be framed, and the State admitted by
proclamation, without further congressional scru-
tiny or action. Sir, I am opposed to such man-
ner of admission without checks and limitations
upon the exercise of the power granted to the
people of the Territory. No such checks are con-
tained in this act; and the people of New Mexico
may frame a constitution as odious and despotic
as they please, so only that it shall be republican
in form—that is, representative;and with thatcon-
stitution she will come into the Union without
further action of Congress. There can be no
reasonable doubt but one of the odious and des-
potic features of that constitution will be the in-
stitution of human slavery. The compromise of
1850 was the organic actof New Mexico. Under
its provisions a slave Territory has been organ-
ized, atrocious slave codes passed, and a pro-sla-
very Delegate sits upon the floor of this Chamber.
All this was accomplished by th^ exercise of the
powers recognized and confirmed by the provis-
ion's of this bill, and by excluding Congress from
any jurisdiction over the subject-matter. By con-
tinuing such exclusion, the result will be that New
Mexico will come into the Union as a slave State.
Looking back over the success of this policy, and
forward to such consummation, the honorable
Senator from Illinois, in his great justification-
by-faith speech in the Senate, on the 16th of May
last, said reproachfully, yet triumphantly, to the
South:
'•Now, what has been the result? My views were in~
eorjsoiated into the compromise measures of 1B50, and his
were rejected. lias the South been excluded from all the
temtoiy acquired fiom Mexico ? What says the bill from
the House of Repicsentalives, now on your table, repeat-
ing the slave code in New Mexico, established by tile peo-
ple themselves? It is part of the history of the country,
that, under the doetrme of non-intervention—this doctrine
that von delight to call squatter sovereignty—the people of
New Mexico have introduced and protected slavery ia the
