978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
whole of that Territory. Under this doctrine, they have
converted a tract of free territory into slave territory, more
than five times tiie size of the State of New York. Under
this doctrine, slavery has been extended from the liio
Grande to the Gulf of California, and from the line of the
Republic of Mexico, not only up to 36° 30', but up to 38°;
giving you a degree and a half more slave territory than
you ever claimed. In 1848 and 1849 and 1850, you only
asked to have the line of 36° 30'. Thfc Nashville conven-
tion fixed that as its ultimatum. I offered it in the Senate
in August, 1848, and it was adopted here, but rejected in
the House of Representatives. You asked only up to 36®
30', and non intervention has given you slave territory up
to 38"—a degree and a half more than you asked; and yet
you say this is a sacrifice of southern rights t
Sir, if the people of New Mexico have thus de-
liberately adopted a territorial constitution pro-
slavery in its character; and have, through their
Territorial Legislature, passed, sustained, and
themselves submitted to such disgraceful slave
legislation; and have with great unanimity clected
a pro-slavery Delegate in Congress, I submit to
Republican Representatives whether the inference
is not irresistible that the same people will adopt
a slave constitution, and under it come into the
Union as a slave State; and I submit further to
them, whether such legislation will redeem the
pledges which they made to the people, and by
which they were elected ? Sir, for these reasons
I shall vote against the measure.
The third compromise is an amendment to the
fugitive slave act of 1850; I am opposed to this
amendment.
1. Because it retains in the act amended those
unconstitutional features existing in that act, vest-
ing in commissioners the judicial power to dis-
pose of the questions of personal liberty, the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, and the refusal
of jury trial in the State where the fugitive resides
at the time of seizure.
2. Because it compels the citizen to aid in the
capture or detention of the fugitive whenever the
owner or marshal shall " apprehend " resistance
to such capture, thus placing the honor and self-
respect of every citizen of a free State in the cus-
tody and subject to the " apprehension " of the
kidnapper, and compelling such citizen, under
severe penalties, to perform a revolting task, to
which no southern«gentlemen even would submit,
c.nd the performance of which among themselves
is left to a mercenary and degraded class, not
recognized as the social equal of the slave owner.
3. Because it may remove from the place of his
birth and continued residence to a remote and
unfriendly vicinage, a free citizen, subjecting him
to all the perils, delays, and inconveniences of a
trial in, to him, a foreign land, and before a tri-
bunal which "recognizes in him no right which
a white man is bound to respect," subjects him
to a temporary imprisonment without bail or lim-
its, subjects him to the unjust presumption that he
is a slave, compels his witnesses from a great dis-
tance, and into an unfriendly neighborhood; and,
should they be of colored skin, exposes them to
the inconveniences and imprisonments awarded
to all colored freemen from the North in slave-
holding States. In short,it renewsthegrievances
of our revolutionary ancestors, that of u transport-
ing men beyond proper jurisdictions, to be tried
for pretended offenses."
4. It substitutes ex parte proofs before the com-
missioner, and his decision thereupon, in place of
the practice of the civilized world in all other
cases, where the accused is to be confronted with
the accuser, and allowed opportunity to defend.
5. By supporting this pioposition, I and my
people indorse the odious act'of 1850, in all these
unconstitutional errors, all these great wrongs,
and in its conspiracy againstthefreedom of thou-
sands and the honor of millions. Sir, I will never
votefor any such measure. But 1 will, here and
now, vote to repeal the act of 1850 uncondition-
ally, and thus revive the act of 1793, under which,
for fifty-seven years,the "Republic was peace."
And more, sir, I am of the same opinion as Mr.
Webster, that, under the Constitution, the whole
business of delivering up such as owed service or
labor, belonged to the State whither the fugitive
fled, and not to the General Government.
The last proposition of the committee of thirty-
three is as follows:
■Amendment of the act for the rendition of fugitives from
justice.
-Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of dim erica in Congress assembled, That
every person charged, hy indictment or other satisfactory
evidence, in any State, with treason, felony, or other crime,
committed within the jiuhdietiou of such State, who shall
flee or shall have fled from justice and be found in another
State, shall, on the demand of the executive authority of
the State from which he fled upon the district judge of the
United States of the district in which he may be found, be
airested and brought before such judge, who, on being sat-
isfied that he is the person charged, and that he was within f
the jurisdiction of such State at the time such crime was
committed, of which such charge shall be prima facie evi-
dence, shall deliver him up to be removed to the State hav-
ing Jurisdiction of the crime; and if any question of law
shall arise during such examination, it may be taken on
exceptions by writ of error to the circuit court.
I am opposed to this amendment of the act of
1793—
1. Because it takes from the Governors of the
several States, who are the representatives of the
sovereignty of such State, the powers heretofore
vested in and exorcised by them, to protect the
life and liberty of the citizen.
2. Because it transfers those powers to the Fed-
eral judiciary, and to officers appointed by the
Federal Executive and holding their offices by a
life-long tenure.
3. Because, by such deprivation and transfer,
it " abridges the rights of the States," and tends
to the centralization of power in the Federal Gov-
ernment, of which the people and the States are
so justly jealous; against which our constitutional
fathers so earnestly protested, which they so much
feared, and which they endeavored in every way
to prevent. With such a clause in the original
Constitution, 1 do not hesitate to affirm that it
would never have been adopted by the States;
never.
4. Because, upon such judicial officer, an in-
dictment found in his own court, or one of equal
jurisdiction, would be regarded as conclusive;
whereas State executives, entirely independent in
their action, have refused so to regard indictments
or certified affidavits, but have passed behind, and
examined into the merits of the application.
5. The term u other satisfactory evidence " is
too vague and undefined to meet with approval.
Under the act of 1793 such evidence was clearly
defined. It must be " indictment," or " affidavits
duly certified by the executive " of the State where
the offense was alleged to have been committed. I
cannot consent to invest a Federal officer, himself
not immediately responsible to the people, and
'receiving his mandates from irresponsible supe-
riors, with any such dangerous discretion.
6. My sixth objection to this amendment is my
want of confidence in the Federal judiciary. In
former and latter days, it has stepped too far
beyond the limits of well-defined duties, and has
ignored u>o many of the personal rights of the
citizen, and has endeavored to grasp too many
powers as a correlative department of the Gov-
ernment; and it has too often and too effectually
dictated to the legislation of the country, to in-
sure such respect as would induce my vote to
invest them with other powers at the expense of
" State rights."
7. I object'^o this amendment upon the further
ground that, if not intended, it will be used to
suppress freedom of speech and of the press, not
only in slaveholding, but in free States.
An indictment in South Carolina against the
editor of a paper published in Albany, Boston, or
New York, and mailed to, and received and read
or circulated in that State, would be presumptive !
evidence of the publication in that State—a pre-
sumption to be disproved by the party charged,
and, perhaps, not permitted to be disproved at all.
Certainly this presumption could not be rebutted
before the judicial officer issuing process of ar-
rest, and remanding for trial.
8. I do not believe that the Federal judiciary,
or any of its officers, should be placed at the dis-
posal of the executive of any State, to arrest, or
cause to be arrested and returned, any person
alleged to have committed an offense against the
laws of such State. Their functions are judicial,
not police.
9. I do not believe that the Federal judiciary,
or any ofits officers, have any constitutional right
to arraign, examine, and remand, any person for
an offense alleged to have been committed against
the laws of any one of the States. Their juris-
diction and duties are clearly defined by the Con-
stitution. Ail oth^-s are denied them,and reserved
to the State tribunals. i
Mr. Speaker, with these objections, I shall vote '
against this amendment. j
Thus much for the compromise of the select !;'
committee of thirty-three. jj
Besides these, certain resolutions have been sub-
mitted by said committee, many of which are
open to similar objections, and which I cannot
support. My time forbids their consideration.
Another proposition is before the House in the
form of an amendment, kno\yn as the Crittenden
compromise. It is enough at this time for me to
say, that it seeks to incorporate into the Constitu-
tion of the Republic the following propositions:
1. That Congress shall have no power to pre*
vent the extension of slavery into free territory.
2. That south of a certain geographical parallel
of latitude, Congress, or a Territorial Legislature,
shall have no power to abolish, modify, or in any
way interfere with slavery m the Territories.
3. That slavery shall be protected in all terri-
tory south of such parallel, and slaves shall be
regarded and protected as property, in the same
manner as all other kinds of property.
4. That Congress shall have no power to abol-
ish slavery in the District of Columbia.
5. Orin the forts, arsenals, dock-yards, or where
ever else the Federal Government has exclusive
jurisdiction.
6. That in case of the failure to arrest any al-
leged "fugitive from service," the community
where such failure took place shall be compelled
to pay the value of such alleged fugitive to the
' owner thereof, and may be prosecuted for that
purpose and to that effect. In short, it seeks to
incorporate into the Constitution, and by joint
resolution, too, the principles set forth in the plat-
! form of the Breckinridge wing of the Democratic
' party during the last canvass.
Propositions which were introduced and urged
by secession gentlemen to break up the Demo-
! cratic convention and party, and whifch were repu-
diated by an overwhelming popular majority in
November.
I shall vote against that compromise.
Mr. Speaker, having stated thus frankly what I
will not support, it may be asked me " what affi rm-
ative action do you propose shall be taken
This is a most important inquiry. But, sir, aware
of all the responsibilities which devolve upon
me as a Representative, of all the perils which
environ my country, asking for that -wisdom of
duty which cometh down freely from above, and
hoping for that fortitude which renders man
"equal to either fortune," I have no difficulty in
answering the inquiry. I propose that the Con-
stitution of the Republic shall remain forever
intact, the same invulnerable, immortal aegis of
human rights, forged upon the stithys of our rev-
olutionary demi-gods. I propose that the Union
of the States ordained by our fathers, and upon
which their and our common Father has smiled
glory and prosperity, shall at all hazard and by
every power of the Government be maintained.
I propose that the just laws of my country shall
be enforced everywhere throughout her bordeis,
and by every constitutional means; and that such
additional legislation shall be immediately had as
will enable such object to be accomplished. I
propose that the property of the Republic which
has been unlawfully seized shall be repossessed;
that the civil and military officers of the Govern-
ment, who for the discharge of their duties have
been imprisoned or beleaguered, shall immedi-
ately be succored; and that the honor of our llag,
which has been tarnished, shall be vindicated be-
fore the world. I propose that the will of the people
of the Union, mighty, majestic, and constitution-
ally expressed at the national election, shall be
respected and obeyed. And above all, sir, do I
propose that liberty shall not again be beaten
down upon the threshold and beside the altars of
this her temple. That the free principles which
underlie the whole structure of the Republic for
which constitutions were ordained, laws enacted,
and the will of the people expressed, shall not
again be compelled to pass under the yoke of
slaveiy.
_ These propositions constitute a platform suffi-
ciently broad and strong to upbear the patriotic
men of every section of the Union. They in-
volve no sacrifice but the maintenance of our mu-
tual principles. They will restore peace, tranquil-
lity, and self-respect. They will bring back to us
the almost alienated confidence and respect not
only of the lovers of liberty, butof the despots of
the Old World. Or if, sir, in the book of destiny,
it is written that the prosperity, huppim s.s, glory 
and very existence of our beloved country is about
