980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
a base surrender of the very principles on which
this Government was founded.
Sir, I have examined with some care the vari-
ous propositions submitted to the House for the
purpose of quieting the present troubles. The"
compromises proposed by the chairman of the
committee of thirty-three [Mr. Corwin] are as
follows:
1. An amendment to the Constitution, whereby
any power to interfere,with slavery in the States
is forever denied to Congress, until every State in
the Union, by its individual State action, shall
consent to its exercise. *
2- An act for the admission of New Mexico as
a slav.e State, without further action of Congress.
3. An amendment of the fugitive slave lav/, so
that it sh&ll be more efficient for the arrest of fu-
gitive slaves.
4. An amendment of the act for the rendition
of fugitives from justice, so as to give the Federal
courts exclusive jurisdiction, and make the in-
dictment prima facie evidence against the accused.
So far as the first proposition is concerned, there
is no necessity whatever for its passage. The Con-
stitution protects slavery in the States, and forbids
any interference by Congress. The platform of
the Republican party, adopted at Chicago, ex-
pressly recognizes this doctrine in the following
resolve:
"Fourth. That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of
the States, and especially the right of each State to order
and control its own domestic institutions, according to its
own judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of
power on which the perfection and endurance of our polit-
ical fabric depends; and wedenounce the lawless invasion,
by armed forcc, of the soil of any State or Territory, no mat-
ter under what pretext, as among the giavest of crimes."
The remaining propositions are objectionable,
to use the language of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] " on the ground of constitution-
ality, on the ground of humanity, and on the
ground of policy." From the debate thus far I
am led to conclude that these propositions, if
adopted, would not satisfy those gentlemen of the
South who complain of northern aggressionsupon
their constitutional rights. The gentleman ftom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] a member of the
committee, is of the same opinion; for he states
in his minority report:
" That no form of adjustment will be satisfactory to the
recusant States which does not incorporate into the Constitu-
tion of the United States a recognition of the obligation to
protect and extend slavery. On tin? condition, ami oil Mis
alone, will they consent to withdraw their opposition to
the recognition of a constitutional election of the Chief
Magistrate. Viewing the matter in tins light, it seem  uu-
advisable to attempt to proceed a step further in the way of
offering unacceptable propositions."
This of itself is a sufficient reason why north-
ern Representatives should withhold their votes
from these propositions. A compromise of this
character would not make peace, its utmost effect
would be to make a short, deceptive, fruitless
truce, the prelude to a contest twofold moie in-
tense and destructive.
The plan of Mr. Crittenden, proposing cer-
tain amendments to the Constitution, has attracted
the most general attention, and wo are exhorted
to support it by considerations no less sacred
than those of union and peace. We are told that
if we pass it, we shall heal the bleeding wounds
of the country, bring back the seccdmg States,
and restore peace and harmony to a divided peo-
ple. It is, 1 fear, like some other compromises
which we have made—a surrender of principle
on thepartof the North-—and will lead, probably,
to the same or a worse conclusion. The amend-
ments proposed by Mr. Crittenden are as fol-
lows:
"Art. 1. In all the territory of the United States now
held, or hereafter acquired, situate north ot latitude 36° 30',
slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
for crime, is prohibited while fetich teiritory shall remain
under territorial government. In all the terutoiy south of
said line of latitude, slaveiy of the African race is hereby
jccognized as existing, and &hall nut be interfered vvsth by
Congress, bntbhall be piotocted as property by all tho de-
partments of the temtonal government during its contin-
uance. And when any Territory, north or south of said
line, within -ueii boundaries as Congress may pto&onbp,
shall contain the population requisite foi amemhei of Con-
gress according to the then Federal ratio of repiesentotion
of the people of the United States, it shall, if its form (A
government be republican,, be admitted into the Union, on
an equal footing with the original States, with or without
blavesy, as the constitution ot such new State may provide.
"Art. 2. Congross shall have no power to abolish sla-
very ill places under its exclusive jurisdiction, and situate
within the hunts of States that permit the holding of slaves.
"Art. 3. Congiess shah have no power to abolish sla-
very within the District oi Columbia, to long as it exists in
the adjoining States of Virginia and Maryland, or either, nor
without the consent of the inhabitants, noi without just
compensation first made to such owners, of slaves as do not
consent to such abolishment. Nor *hall Congress at any
time prohibit officers ot the Fedeial Government, or mem-
bers of Congress, whose duties require them to be in «nid
Distiict, from bringing with them their slaves, and holding
them as such duimg the time their duties may require them
to remain there, and afterwards taking them ftom the Dis-
trict*
"Art. 4. Congress shall have no power to prohibit or hin-
der Uie transportation of slaves from one State to another,
or to a Territory in which slaves are by law permitted to
be held, whether that transportation be by land, navigable
rivers, or by the sea.
"Art. 5. That in addition to the provisions of the third
paragraph of the second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, Congress shall have
power to provide by law, and it shall be its duty so to pro-
vide, tiiat the United States'shall pay to the owner who
shall apply for it, the full value of his fugitive slave in all
cases when the maishal,or other officer" whose duty it was
to arrest said fugitive, was prevented from so doing by vio-
lence or intimidation, or when, after aircst, said fugitive
was rescued by force, and the owner thereby prevented and
obstructed in the pursuit ot his remedy for the recovery of
his fugitive slave under the said clause of the Constitution
and the laws made in pursuance thereof. And in all such
cases, when the United States shall pay for such fugitive,
they shall have the right, m their own name, to sue the
county in which said violence, intimidation, or rescue was
committed, and to lecoverfrom it, with interest and dam-
ages, the amount paid by them forsaid fugitive slave. And
the said county, after it has paid said amount to the United
States, may, for its indemnity, sue and recover from the
wrongdoers oi rescuers by whom the owner was prevented
from the recovery of his fugitive slave, in like manner as
the owner himself might have sued and recovered.
"Art. 6. No future amendment of the Constitution shall
affect the live preceding articles; nor the third paragraph
of the second section of the first article of the Constitution;
nor the thiid paragraph of the second section of the fourth
article of said Constitution; and no amendment shall be
made to the Constitution which shall authorize or give to
Congress any power to abolish or inteifere with slavery in
any of the States by whose laws it is, or may be, allowed
or permitted."
Mr. Speaker, these amendments make slavery
a national institution, by a constitutional recog-
nition of the right of property in man, and pledges
the Federal Government to its support. It is sub-
stantially the Breckinridge platform, which was
condemned at the late election by a vote of more
than four to one. When it was introduced into
the national Democratic convention, last spring,
that bod y chose to see itself split into picces rather
than to adopt it in any form. The returns of the
late presidential election show that more than a
million Democrats, north and south, voted for
Stephen A. Douglas, in order to express their dis-
sent from it. Every free State voted for a directly
opposite principle, including my own State, where,
out of over five hundred thousand votes, not over
twenty thousand were cast for Mr. Brady, the
candidate of the Breckinridge Democracy for the
office of Governor. And yet, in the face of the
fact that this heresy, put forth by Yancey and
the disunionists, was repudiated by the people,
we, their Representatives, are asked to accept it
as a concession to the small, disaffected minority
who threaten civil war and the overthrow of the
Government in case of refusal.
Sir, I object to these amendments for the further
reason, that they propose to make a constitution
which shall be one thing in the South, and another
thing in the North; winch shall recognize prop-
erty in men and protect it south of 36° 30', and
which shall prohibit slavery north of that line,
until State governments are formed. Do we want
a sectional Constitution, drawing a geogiaphical
line between different sections of the Union, and
giving the two sections different laws?
i object to these propositions, because they are
a departure from the fundamental principles on
which this Government was founded. Our fathers
prohibited slavery in all of the territory belonging
to the Government tit its formation; instead of
looking forward to its diffusion over new regions,
they confidently expected it to be swept from the
country at no very distant period; and finally the
compromises on the subject of slavery, to which
the northern States assented, weie foimed in ref-
erence to these facts, and must be interpreted in
the light which they reflect upon our path from
that early period. The doctrine of " no more
slave States and no slave territory" was the doc-
trine of the founders of the Republic; and just in
proportion as this policy has been departed from,
just m that proportion has it sown the seeds of
discord and weakness in the nation. Concessions
to slavery have brought upon the country all the
difficulties by which the Government is embar-
rassed; and it is folly to strive for lastingharmony
in any other way than by harmonizing its policy
with the thought that gave it birth.
I object to the Crittenden compromise for an-
other reason. If the seceding States comeback
under any such offer as is proposed in th isscheme,
they bring back with them the doctrines of State
sovereignty and the right of secession unimpaired.
I had almost said acknowledged, and certainly
successful. The loyal States may not ingraft this
upon the written compact, but they will have
recognized the practical efficiency of these doc-
trines. We may still call it revolution, but the
record will show that this revolution has been the
means of gaining for the revolutionists all that
they desired, and will give them a most instruct-
ive precedent for their guidance in making any
future demands.
Now, sir, if the validity of this method of de-
manding that which is supposed to be right or
convenient is once admitted, the occasion for its
practice will not long be wanting. We arc told
that the adoption of this compromise will remove
the slaveryquestionfrom Congress; and that we,
therefore, need not fear any of those future diffi-
culties which we apprehend. But how is this
question to be removed from Congress ? As the
proposition now stands, it covers all future acqui-
sitions of territory. No sane man can fail to see
that the whole controversy is reopened the mo-
ment any such acquisition is proposed.
For these, among other reasons, I am in favor
of the resolution reported by Messrs. Washburn
and Tappak, from the committee of thirty-three;
which is in the following words:
Resolved, That the provisions of the Constitution are
ample for the preseivation of the Union, and the protection
of all the material interests of tho country; that it needs
to be obeyed rather than amended; and our extrication
from present difficulties is to be looked for in efforts to pre-
serve and protect the public property and enforce the laws,
rather than in new guarantees for particular interests, or
compromises or concessions to unreasonable demands.
Sir, I believe that we can stand with safety
upon this proposition. It reduces the issue to a
simple question of fidelity to the Union, and acqui-
escence in the Constitution as it is. Any south-
ern State desiring to remain, and satisfied with
its old rights, can here find ground on which to
rest secure. • Any State not wishing to remain,
or dissatisfied with the Constitution, will find
little occasion in adopting this resolution to felic-
itate itself upon the success of its movement.
Among such States as adhere to the Constitution
upon this basis, we shall have a firm and solid
Union, not weakened by unworthy concessions
to threats or actual violence, nor by any implied
admission of the right of secession among the
remedies for the supposed grievances of States.
Of those which have seceded, few, in my judg-
ment, will fail to return finally, with minds so-
bered and enlightened ; but they will not bring back
those overstrained notions of State sovereignty,
on the strength of which they have gone into their
present undertaking; and which, if once acceded
to, even by implication, must inevitably under-
mine the foundations of the Government.
In my judgment, the present is no time for com-
promise. Until the strength of the Government
be tested, it is not right, or legal, or politic to con-
sider concessions. It is only when traitois have
been reduced to obedience, or the Government lias
proved impotent, that we should be constructing
articles of agreement. A compromise at this time
would be the humiliation of one section, loyal to
the Union, and obedient to the laws made under
the Constitution, to another section in array
against the Government of the Union, and defy-
ing law, order, justice, and right. My remedy,
then, will be found in executing the Constitution
as it is, and enforcing the laws of the General Gov-
ernment. I have no sympathy with any man who
repudiates the Constitution of our common coun-
try, whether he resides north or south. By that
Constitution I abide, both in its letter and in its
spirit. Standing firmly upon the principles of free-
dom and the Constitution, we shall have no cause
for self-reproach, even if civil war should follow.
Mr. Speaker, let the same spirit animate us
which was so nobly expressed by Henry Clay m
the Senate of the United States, in 1650, when, as
now, agitators threatened the peace of the Union:
" Now, Mr. Piesident, I t-tand here in my place, meaning
to be unawed by any threat*', whether they come iroiu in-
divi IuaK o! ftom States. 1 should deplore, as much as any
man living or d«*ad, that arms should tm-ed against the
authority of the Union, eithei by nida iduals, or by States.
