1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
But, after all that has occurred, if any one State, or a por-
tion of the people of anj* State, choose to place themselves
in military array against the*Government of the Union, I
am foi irjuig the strength of the Government. 1 am (or
asceitabling whether we have got a Government or not—
practical, efficient, capable of maintaining its authority,
and of upholding the powers and interests which belong to
a Government. Nor, sir, am I to be alarmed or dissuaded
from any such cour&e by intimations of the spilling of blood.
If blood is to be spilt, by whose fault is itto be spilt? Upon
the supposition, I maintain it will be by the fault of those
who choose to raise the standard of disunion, and endeavor
to prostrate this Government; and, sir, when that is done,
so long as it pleases God to give me a voice to express my
sentiments, or an arm, weak and enfeebled as it may be by
age, that voice and that arm will be on the side of my coun-
try, for the support of the general authority, and for the
maintenance of the powers of this Union."
The State which I have the honor in part to
represent, has made known her sentiments on
this subject too clearly and too distinctly to be
misunderstood. The Legislature of that State,
on the 25th day of January last, by a vote of 117
to 2 m the Assembly, and with but one dissent-
ing vote in the Senate, adopted the following pre-
amble and resolutions:
" Whereas the insurgent State of South Carolina, after
seizing the post office, eustoni-hou^e, moneys, and fortifi-
cations of the Federal Government, has, by firing into a
vessel ordered by the Government to carry troops and pro-
visions to Fort Sumter?virtuaUy declared war ; and whereas
the forts and ptoperty of the United States Government in
Geoigia, Alabama, and Louisiana have been unlawfully
seized with hostile intention ; and whereas, further, Sena-
tors in Congress avow and maintain their reasonable acts:
Therefore,
" Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That the Legislature
of New York, profoundly impressed with the value of the
Union, and determined to preserve it unimpaired, hail with
joy the jecent firm, dignified, and patriotic special message
of the President of the United States, and that we tender
to him, thiough the chief magistrate of our own State,
whatever aid in men and money he may require, to enable
him to enforce the laws and to uphold the authority of the
Federal Government; and that, in defense of 'the more
perfect Union,5 which has contened pro^pority and happi-
ness upon the American people, renewing the pledge given
and redeemed by our fathers, we are ready to devote our
fortunes, our lives, and our sacred honor, m upholding the
Union and the Constitution.
u Resolved^ (it the Senate concur,) That the Union-loving
Representatives and citizens of Delawaie, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, Kentucky, Missouri, and Tennessee,
who labor with devoted courage and patriotism to withhold
their States from the vortex of secession, are entitled to the
gratitude and admiration of the whole people."
The people of New York have given too many
evidences of their intelligence, patriotism, and
love of freedom, to leave a doubt of their ability
to ascertain their rights, and their fixed and un-
alterable purpose to resist, at all hazards and to
the last extremity, any and all attempts to over-
throw the Government, let them come from what
quarter they may. They will maintain their rights
as guarantied to them by the Constitution of the
United States; and in so doing they will neither
beultraistsnordisunionists; but, on the contrary,
they will be defending the Constitution, and con-
sequently defending the Union. They have stood
by the Constitution and the Union in the darkest
days of our history without flinching:. New
York, I repeat, will stand by the Constitution as
our fathers made it; and her people will stand by
the Union as they would stand by their own
hearthstones, and die m its defense.
Mr.WALTON. Mr. Speaker, the events oftho
last ninety days show that the Federal Wovernment
is still an experiment, and perhaps as doubtful now
as it was when Washington declared, in his first
inaugural address, that " the preservation of the
sacred lire of liberty, and the destiny of the repub-
lican model of government, are justly considered
as deeply, perhaps as finally, staked on the ex-
periment intrusted to the hands of the American
people." It has successfully resisted all assaults
from without, and stimulated within a growth of
civilization, material wealth, and moral power
unparalleled in any nation or age of the world. It
has multiplied the population of the nation by ten,
and its productive power by more than ten times
ten; it has extended its domain from ocean to
ocean, and brought the scepter of commercial su-
premacy withinlts grasp; and for the freedom of
its people, the novelty of its political machinery,
and the brilliancy of its results, it has commanded
universal admiration and respect. And now,
while at peace with all abroad, and, but for the
wretched, and we may hope temporary, conse-
quences of maladministration of the Government,
prosperous at home, we are threatened with an
instant and utter failure of the experiment which
Washington inaugurated, and with the instant
and utter wreck of the empire which he founded.
It is national death; it is death to our power, se-
curity and grandeur; it is death to our national
name and fame; anil a million deaths, it may bo>
through anarchy and civil war.
For more than a quarter of a century, South
Carolina has deliberately and persistently aimed
at the destruction of the Union; and this design
was not more monstrous in iniquity than it has
been masterly in execution. The great states-
man who first conceived it saw the end from the
beginning, shaped the means to the end; and so
sagaciously shaped them that the very virtues of
the people,and thatpatriotism which he offended,
have been made instruments for his work. By
the assertion of new and strange pro-slavery prin-
ciples, at first repulsed by everybody, but ulti-
mately carried out, m a large degree, by the annex-
ation of Texas, the Mexican war, the fugitive
slave law of 1850, the Kansas and Nebraska act
of 1854, the repudiation of the Missouri compro-
mise, and the raid Upon Kansas; by pro-slavery
agitation and pro-slavery acts—the South was
seduced on the one hand, and the North repelled
on the other, until all the old national parties were
demolished, and the North and the South politi-
cally divided by a sectional line. The Whig party
in the South was blotfed out in 1852; the Demo-
cratic party of the North was divided, and the
Whig party of the North blotted out in 1856; the
Democratic party of the North was deliberately
assassinated by its southern allies in the spring
of I860; and thus was secured the fore-ordamed
triumph of the Republican party in November
last. Ay, foreordained, prayed for, labo'redfor,
waited for, and rejoiced at by the plotters of dis-
union, and by none more heartily and sincerely.
The election of Abraham Lincoln was not the
reason, but the occasion, for disunion; and the
occasion was instantly and impatiently improved
by ordinances of secession.
The Government here had ample warnings of
the designs of the conspirators; and but for the
neglect of the Executive, the secessions of this day
might have been as harmless as were the nullifi-
cation of South Carolina m 1832, and hei" seces-
sion in 1852. The President was warned by
avowals of the secessionists; and as early as Oc-
tober last he was specially warned, by the highest
officer of the Government in military rank, and
the peer of the highest in the world in military
reputation, of the dangers to which the country
was exposed, and of the remedy within his reach.
Warnings were neglected, treason lurked in the
Cabinet, under the very eye of the President, and
reveled throughtheExecutive Departments. The
Army was dispersed in distant Territories, and
the Navy in distant seas; the loyal North was
disarmed to arm the disloyal South; and the
Treasury was depleted to rob the Government
itself of the means of defense. The preparations
for secession, rebellion, and treason, were effect-
ively made, and nowhere more effectively than in
the Executive Departments at this capital. State
after State has seceded; our forts, arsenals, mag-
azines, hospitals, post offices, custom-houses,
mints, and money have been seized; the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States have been
violated; and the power of the nation defied. The
President has notified us of the events m message
after message. I think (he tells us) all this is
very wrong in the southern people, and the north-
ern people are very much to be blamed for it. I
regret it; I cannot help it; I am impotent.
"The Giceks are stiong, and skillful to their stiengtli;
Fierce to their skill, and to tlicir ficicene^s valiant;
But 1 um weaker than a woman'.-; teai;
Tamer than Meep ; tender than ignorance ;
Less valiant than the virgin in the night;
And skllless as unprdctic'd intancy."
The President lias failed to use the means that
were in his power to defend the Government. Per-
haps it ought to be said that he has been deceived
and paralyzed by the infidelity of his advisers;
but, in any event, he has cast himself upon Con-
gress. Hitlierward the eyes of thirty million peo-
ple are turned, and here the hopes of all the loyal
and the patriotic are centered. True it is that
here, until a very recent date, they looked and
hoped in vain. Congress was as powerless as the
Executive. Here, too, was disloyalty to the Fed-
eral Government; here, no men, and no set of
men, able to control the action of the Senate and
the House. All that is changed. In this House,
at least, the Representatives of the Republican
party command a majority m numbers; and they
must and will be held responsible'for alt that shall
here be done, and all that shall beleft undone. r
What shall we do ? What shall we refuse to
do ? The answer must depend upon the necessi-
ties of the case and the extent of our powers';
we must do only what we have the right to do,
and what isexpedienttobedone. Six States hare
declared that they are no longer under the juris1
diction of this Government; a sevfenth has With*
drawn from the Union-Conditionally, and others'
remain conditionally. Six States are-how aisem4
bled in convention to form a new confederation;
and the address of its presiding officer declared-
the position they contemplate. Said Ke:
"We meet as representatives of sovereign aiid ift'dep'enit-
ent States, which, by their solemn judgments, have dis-
solved all the political associations which connected them
with the Government of the United States, it is now a fixed
and irrevocable fact that the separation is perfect, complete,
and perpetual; and a great duty is now'imposed on us to
provide a government lor oiir future security and protec-
tion. We can and should extend to our sister States, and
our late sister States who are identified witil us in interest,
feelings, and institutions, a coidial invitation to unite in a
common destiny, and he desirous, at the same time, of
maintaining with our late confederates friendly relations,
political and commercial."
It becomes us first to inquire whether these
States are really out of the Union or in it. If they
are out, our duties arc plain. We are at once to
put them on the footing of foreign nations, and 1
will say, of the most favored foreign nations; for
neither passion norprejudice shall ever extinguish
the generous sympathies and charities due to chil-
dren of a common ancestry. If they are out of
the Union, by a separation that is " perfect,com-
plete, and perpetual," then are we absolved from
all obligations due to them as members of the
Union—to protect them against foreign invasion
and domestic insurrection and rebellion, and to
respect and defend their rights as States,and this'
rights and interests of their inhabitantaas citizens
of the United States. Our political, commercial,'
postal, and other laws, have no validity there;
our courts, and custom-houses, and post and land
offices ajre to be closed, the mails suspended; ahd
our and their commerce put upon an entirely dif-
ferent footing. We assume new powers as to
them—the treaty-making power and powers of
peace and war. To be sure, it has been argued
again and again that we have no power to males'
war upon a seceding State; but nobody will deny
our power to make war upon a foreign State; and
it behooves all concerned to remember that there
is not a kingdom in the world against which we
ever had, or ever can have, stronger or more
giievous causes of war than with this extempore
kingdom of cotton. The seizures of forts, arse-
nals, magazines, and other property of the United
States, by armed men, under the authority of the
seceding States, were overt acts of war. The sur-
veillance by arms over the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi , and the robbery of the national Treasury
by Louisiana, are outrages upon our national "
rights for which instant atonement would be de-
manded from any other nation, backed, if need
be, by a thousand cannon and a million bayonets.
But, sir, I will not contemplate the picture or
the prospect of actual war, nor even the prospect
of two lines of standing armies and threatening
forts in two confederacies, stretchingone thousand
or three thousand miles, from the Atlantic to the
Mississippi, or from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
I will only add, that if the seceding States are
really out of the Union, we have new and urgent
duties upon our hands, in the settlement of new,
difficult, and all-important questions. The pub-
licdebt, the public lands, the public buildings, the
national .ships, the national obligations growing
out of public treaties—such, for instance, as those
touching the slave trade—the claims of States and
citizens of the United States upon the Govern-
ment—all these topics present questions of the
gravest import. The navigation of the Missis-
sippi, and the control of the Gulf of Mexico, is
another matter that will permit no delay. And
then how will you settle with the seceding States,
including an item of §200,000,000 spent for the
purchase and defense of territory now occupied
by them? Sir, if these States are out of the Union,
let us turn our attention to these questions. There
are none graver, none more urgent. If these
Siates are not out of the Union, then the old ob-
ligations and powers remain upon us—all of them
m full force, all of them unimpaired. Those ob-
ligations we are to discharge, and those powers
