1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
As the Senate and'Housenow stand, a two-thirds
vote cannot be had for any propositions broad
enough to settle the questions in dispute. If the
present projects fail, as I believe they will, they
will fail because the very States you would con-
ciliate have willfully and contemptuously closed
thedooragamstconcessions. Again: the contract-
ing parties to a compromise cannot stand here
with equal powers, because the seceding States
are not represented here at all; and the Represent-
atives of the remaining States cannot freely act,
becausc they are forced to act under a more than
half-executed threat of disunion and war, if they
do not surrender, without a single condition to
save either their honor or their rights. The dis-
affected States that still remain stand in a posi-
tion hardly less repulsive. I know they have loyal
men here, as true at heart as the truest, and as
good as the best. They do not threaten, but plead;
they have no malice, but overflow with fraternal
affection; they have no passion but a passionate
love for the Union; and yet their affectionate and
passionate pleais^ compromise or seec^ion. Not
that they will secede if they can help it, but that
their States will secede. The ultimatum of the se-
ceders was, submission or disunion. In effect, the
propositions are identical, however wide may be
the difference in the spirit of those who propose
them. Practically, they are one; and it is the
highwayman's demand—"your money or your
life."
Now, sir, were all the other conditions of an
effective compromise complied with; were the par-
ties here and agreed, as they are not; were the
propositions complete in equivalents, and perfect
in justice, as they are not, yet I would not dare
to accept them under a threat. Who threaten?
Not one third of the freemen of the nation, and
not one half of the States. Who are threatened?
Two thirds of the people, amajority of the States,
and the Federal Government, which represents
the whole. It is a submission of the majority to
the minority; and that is a subversion of the dem-
ocratic principle of Government. It is a submis-
sion of the Government to rebellion; and that is
demoralization and degradation of the Govern-
ment. It is more; it is licensed rebellion for all
future time. It is a proclamation to the world of
the perpetual insecurity of the Government and
the Union; insecurity of public credit; insecurity
of treaty obligations; insecurity of peace; inse-
curity of commerce; insecurity of the States and
the people, and insecurity of all their vast and
varied interests. It is a total failure in the first
object of all Government, to wit: security to the
governed. It a total failure of the American ex-
periment. For one, I will refuse it, and risk the
consequences of refusal. It is more dangerous to
surrender to rebellion than to resist it.
A compromise under such circumstances, and
with such possible consequences, is a work to be
refused by the present Congress. Indeed, the
day for congressional compromises is past. We
have learned, by sad experience, that they are
neither binding nor iirepeaiable, and are forced
to resort to constitutional and permanent guaran-
tees. If it be admitted that Congress has the
power to initiate these, it must also be admitted
that Congress and the States are not now in a
proper condition for the work. The States and
the people are in no temper to warrant expecta-
tions of submission either on the one side or the
other—in no temper to deliberate. They will not
and cannot deliberate under mutual threats, and
mutual outrages, perhaps, and in the reign of
anarchy and violence. Human nature itself is
against it.
"Washington has taught us the lesson of the
day in that address from which I have already
quoted. Let us reverently listen to it:
"Ilavins ijin ; imparted to yo'i my sentiments as they
lmve been awakened by the occasion which brings us to-
gether, 1 .shall take m) present leave, but not without re-
hoititisi once more to the benign Parent of the human race
in humble supplication that, since fie has been pleased To
i'avoi the American people with opportunities foi dellber-
atms in peifect tranquillity, anil dispositions for deciding
\\ilh unparalleled unanimity,on a foim of government for
the vemity of their Union, and the advancement ot their
happmes-.bo ff;- divine biessing may be equally fun^neu-
ous ui the enlarged view-., the temperate consultation^ and
the wi-^e m a-utes, on whicll the suece--' of tins Govern-
ment may depend '*
Thus was the Constitution formed; thus must
it b-' ievised or amende#. By no committee of
thirty-three gentlemen of this House, howevt-i
patriotic or wise; by no decree of partisans, such
as we are, selected for other purposes, and over-
burdened with other duties; and by no snap-judg-
ment of the popular will, inflamed by all the
passions of party, maddened by the crimes, and
distressed by the consequences of rebellion and
treason. No, sir; no. This is not the time or
the mode to settle a question for all time. There
is a better; it is constitutional; it is feasible; it
may possibly be accepted with unanimity by all
parties 8nd by all theStates; it is a remedy within
the reach of the States: let the States consider it.
It is a convention called under all the provisions
and bound by all the restrictions of article five of
the Constitution, and with ample power to report
a revised Constitution or amendments; and even,
if need be, to submit an ordinance for the separa-
tion of the Union, and the construction of new
confederacies. It will give time—the best medi-
cine for these diseases of the body-politic; it will
give opportunity for the redress of all grievances,
northern or southern; and it will give to the seced-
ing States the only mode of relieving their present
position without mortification or dishonor. I
would leave it to the States, following the honor-
able lead of Kentucky, to call for sucli a tribunal;
and I would leave all matters in dispute,all com-
promises, all contingencies, to that tribunal, and
to the final judgment of the people or the States.
We have other and pressing duties; and first,
to preserve this capital, the archives of the Gov-
ernment, and all the public property. Not that
I regard it as indispensable to retain this District
as the capital or the province of a northern con-
federacy, in the event of a separation of tKe free
and slave States. Were Maryland to go, with
Annapolis hallowed by a material event in the life
of Washington, and Virginia with his tomb, I
could surrender even the city that bears his name.
The people of the North will forever remember
and revere him without a monument: at least
without one of these, which shall thenceforth mark
not so much his fame as the eternal shame of
those who have been recreant to his teachings,
and the destroyers of his work.
This capital must be preserved; not so much
for the sake of public and private property to the
amount of many millions, as for the rights of
every State, and the interests of all the people.
Dissolve this Union into two or twenty confede-
racies, and yet there shall not be one that can
afford to lose this capital. It is much to say that
here are records essential to every State—of its
history, its services, its glory; but it is more to
say that here are the records of its rights and ob-
ligations. The State Department, with its records
of all our national rights and obligations; the
Treasury Department, with its records of com-
merce and navigation, of revenue and expendi-
ture, of the national debt, which somebody has
got to pay, of debts which have been, and of
proofs of claims of citizens of every State and Ter-
ritory which ought to be, paid; the War and Navy
Departments, with all tlierecords of the services
of States, and citizens of every State, and of ex-
penditures in ali past time, for every State and
Territory; the Post Office Department, with all
its records, which will be as essential in the future
administration of the postal service as the pres-
ent, however numerous may be the confederacies
to be served; and the vast Interior Department,
with its Patent, Land, and Pension Offices—its
bureaus of Indian Affairs and of Agriculture—its
records and proofs of the generous cessions of
public lands by the old thirteen States—its records
and proofsof land titles in all the land States and
Territories—and its records of patents, of the cen-
sus, and of the public buildings: all these must
be preserved at any hazard and at any cost. The
seceding States cannot afford then destruction or
mutilation; the remaining States cannot afford it;
the people cannot afford it; for in any event—
Union or disunion—these are the strongest bonds
of justice and peace; and the Administration that
wiil notdefendand preserve them, will be treach-
erous to the sacred rights of all the States and all
the people.
Next, we must have a Government here, with
the will, the power, and the means to assert all
itsconstitutional lights and discharge all its duties,
in the extraordinary complications of domestic
and foreign questions in which it is now involved.
Willi such a Government four months ago, these
complications would have been prevented. The
new Government must grapple "writh themall, with
brave and loyal hearts, though it be withunprac-
ticed hands. It will need infinite wisdom; may
God give it! It will need extraordinary powers
and remedies; these it is for us to give. Herein
is our duty: to preserve the Government, not to
pamper, rebellion against it; to preserve its dig-
nity and authority, not to bring them into con-
tempt; to maintain the Constitution unimpaired,
not to disfigure it with hasty patch-work; to .save,.
if it be possible, the peace of the country, not to.
plunge it into war; to save the business of- the
country, and secure the regular pursuits of agri-
culture, manufacture, and commerce, not to blast
them all by anarchy; and to preserve (God will-
ing) the Union of the States from dissolution ahd
disgrace, not to trifle with it, as it has been trifled
with by timid counsels and official treachery. I
dare not say that ali this can be done; but sure I
am that it is the duty @f the Government, and the
duty of this House as a responsible part of the
Government, to try. The trial must be made,and
it should be made; by moderation to the,offend-
ing States, using none of our great powers un-
necessarily for the injury of any of them, but
rather for their protection and benefit; by forbear-
ance, until forbearance ceases to be a virtue; by
firmness in the execution of the Constitution and
the laws, so far as the circumstances of the case
require; and, amid all the dangers that surround,
by ever aiming to be right—always right—though
star after star madly shoots from the firmament,
and the glorious Federal constellation dissolves
in eternal night.
I trust the grand experiment is not to be a fail-
ure; I trust yet in the solid common sense of the
Eoopie; to the instinct of self-preservation, yet to
e aroused by the consequences of secession and
anarchy; I trust yet to the patriotism of the peo-
ple; but, above all, in an overruling and omnipo-
tent Providence, to preserve, as one people, those
Ho hath so bountifully blest, to bring peace and
order out of contention and confusion; and to
make this nation for centuries to come, as it has
been for almost a century that has passed, the no-
blest example of liberty and order, and " the re-
publican model of goverment" for all nations and
people."
And then, on motion of Mr. HUTCHINS, (at
nine, o'clock and thirty-five minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, February 18, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlrv.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
WILLIAM II. DE GROOT.
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No.
40) to repeal the joint resolution approved June
lo, 1860, for the relief of William H. De Oroot,
have directed me to report it back with the recom-
mendation that it do pass. At the request of Sen-
ators on the other side, I ask that it be put on its
passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Secretary will read the joint resolu-
tion for information.
Mr. KING. I am disposed to make a point of
order about this, so as to have some understand-
ing in regard to the order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator ob-
jects, it must go over.
Mr. KING. I do not object; but I make a point
of order that petitions and reports from commit-
tees should first be received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to act on the joint resolution now.
If there be one objection, it cannot be considered
to-day.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope the Senator will not
object. This joint resolution ought to pass.
1 Jlr. KING. I will not object to this resolution
j now; I do not desire to do it on this resolution;
but I wish to make a point as to the order in which
we shall procced with our business. My opinion
is, that the rule as it is requires that petitions
shall first be called for, and then reports from
committees. I proposed on Saturday to oiler an
amendment to the rules, unless that be the con-
struction. I will pass it by for the present until
