1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m.5
adelphia, praying the adoption of the compromise
measures proposed by Hon. Mr. Crittenden;
which was oidered to lie on the table.
Mr. HALE. I have in my hand a memorial
from Lewis Warrington, paymaster in the Uni-
ted States Navy, who represents that he was at
Pensacola when the public property was seized,
and that his vouchers were taken from him; and
he asks relief. I move that the memorial be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of citi-
zens and voters of the town of Hopkinton, Mas-
sachusetts, on the state of the country. This
memorial is signed by comparatively few persons,
but it speaks the true and prevailing sentiment of
Massachusetts. Three things in it are declared.
First, that slavery is repugnant to the principles
of the founders of our Constitution; secondly,
that it is repugnant to the genius of our Consti-
tution; and thirdly, that it is repugnant to that
righteousness that exalteth a nation; wherefore,
these petitioners pray that Congress will not con-
sent to any compromise by which slavery shall
be established or extended into territory of the
United States. Any other petitioners from Mas-
sachusetts speak a sentiment which is alien to the
principles of that Commonwealth. It is a senti-
ment which may be found on the pavements of
cities; for it is only when you get off those pave-
ments, away from the paving stones, that you
find the true sentiment of Massachusetts. I offer
the memorial, and ask that it lie on the table.
It was so ordered. *
Mr. SUMNER. I present, also, a memorial
of citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against the passage of any act of Con-
gress or of any amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, which shall extend human ser-,
■vitude or give it new guarantees: "what our fore-
fathers would not grant to their companions and
fellow-sufferers in the Revolution, we hope their
sons will not grant to the present holders of
slaves." I ask that this petition also lie on the
table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SUMNER also presented a memorial of
citizens of Philadelphia, praying Congress to stand
firm for the Union, the Constitution as it is, and
the enforcementofall thelaws; which was ordered
to lie 011 the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am requested to present the
petition of Jonathan Hudson and many others, of
Trenton, Wayne county, Michigan, without dis-
tinction of party, praying for the adoption of what
is known as the Crittenden compromise. I will
simply state, that these are men who do notlive on
the pavements and are away from paving stones.
I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS also presented the petition of
Samuel Noah, praying for a pension for services
in the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Lemuel Bufh-
son,a pensioner, praying to be allowed a pension
from the close of the war of 1812 to the time at
which his pension commenced; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of James A.
Doane and others, citizens of Grundy county,
Illinois, praying for the enactment of a uniform
system of bankruptcy; which was rpferred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Edward Ryan
and others, citizens of Kane county, Illinois, pray-
ingfor the enactment of a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy; which was referred to the Committee 011
the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Thomas P.
Sears and others; the petition of Solomon Sturges
and others; the petition of Henry Clark & Co. and
others; the petition of Edwin Miller and others;
the petition of P. V. Pitney and others; the peti-
tion of Charles Sanford and others; the petition
of S. T. Farwell and others; the petition of John
P. Phillips and others; the petition of M. T.
Green and others, citizens of Chicago, Cook
county, Illinois, severally praying for the enact-
ment of a uniform system of bankruptcy; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of
William G. Bates and two hundred and sixteen
others, citizensofWestfwld, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the adoption of the compromise measure
submitted by him; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a petition of residents of Mor-
gan county, Illinois, praying for the adoption of
the compromise measures submitted by him;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying for the adoption of the compromise
measure submitted by him; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of citizens
of New London, Connecticut, praying for the
speedy adoption of the compromise measures pro-
posed by the Representatives of the border States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of citizens
of Westport, Connecticut, praying for the speedy
adoption of the compromise measures proposed
by the Representatives of the border States; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of cit-
izens of New Jersey, in favor of the Union, the
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of the
laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of
Oliver Moses and others, citizens of Bath, Maine,
praying the speedy adoption of measures of con-
ciliation and compromise; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of Reuel Wil-
liams and others, citizens of Augusta, Maine, in
favor of the speedy adoption of measures of con-
ciliation and compromise; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of Elihu Libbey
and others, citizens of Windham, Maine, pray-
ing that provision be made to pay for the slaves
in any State which may abolish slavery therein;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition ofGeorge M. Free-
man and others, citizens of York, Maine, pray-
ing the adoption of the compromise measures
proposed by Hon. Mr. Crittenden; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has a
memorial or resolutions, which come under the
same rule, as decided by the Senate, from the city
council of Boston, asking for the adoption of
measures of conciliation upon the basis of the
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky. As
they are very short, and the desire was expressed
in the communication that they should be read,
they will be read to the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
City of Boston, in Common Council,
> February 7,1861.
Resolved, That the City Council of Boston, as tho icpre-
sentative* of the citizens, m view of'the present distracted
state of the country, desire to expioss their inalienable de-
votion to the Union and the Constitution.
U.PsolvciU That they respectfully and eai nestly memorial-
ize the Senate and House of RepiefeentiiUves in Congress
assembled, that such measures ot apaciiic and conciliatory
charactei may be immediately adopted as will effectually
check the spirit of disunion, and tend to consolidate the
fraternal bonds of our national brotherhood; and in the
propositions offered m that behalf by Hon. J. J. Critten-
den, we recognize a satisfactory basis of adjustment.
Resolved, That his Honor the Mayoi be, and is hereby,
requested to transmit, in behalf of the City Council, a copy
of these resolves to the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United
States, with the request that they would lay them before the
bodies, over which they respectively preside.
Passed. Seat up for concurrence.
J. H. BRADLEY, President
In Board of Aldermtw, Felrruary 11,1861.
Concurred. SILAS PIERCE, Chairman.
February 13, 1861.
Approved. J. M. W1GI1TMAN, Mayor.
A true copy.
Attest: Samuel P. McCleary, City Clerk.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. BAKER, presented the credentials of Hon.
James W. IMesmitti, chosen by the Legislature of
Oregon a Senator from that State for the term of
six years, commencing on the 4th of March, 1861;
which were read, and ordered to be placed on file.
MESSAGE EROJI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 514) for the relief of Samuel,S.
Green; „ ,
A bill (No. 625) for the relief of Captain Alex-
ander V. Fraser;
A bill (No. 749) for the relief of Alfred C. Mur-
phy and Hiram Burlingham;
A bill (No. 723) for the relief of Harris &
Hodge, of Missouri; f
A bill (No. 678) for the relief of Samuel
Perry;
A bill (No. 626) for the relief of Stephen I\
Willis; '
A bill (No. 624) for the relief of Hull & Coz-
zens and John Naylor & Co.;
A bill (No. 602) granting an invalid pension to
Henry F. Bowers;
A bill (No. 598) granting a pension to Daniel
Lucas.
A bill (No. 597) to increase the pension of Wil-
liam Delhi;
A bill (No. 596) for the relief of James Van
Pelt;
A bill (No. 593) for the relief of Henry San-
ford;
A bill (No 591) granting a pension to Archi-
bald Merriman;
A bill (No. 590) for the relief of the children
of William Humphrey, a soldier of the Revolu-
tion;
A bill (No. 586) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased; and
A bill (No. 311) for the relief of Mrs. Mary
Ann Henry.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 134) for tho relief of James Smith;
A bill (No. 225) for the relief of Annie D.
Beeves;
A bill (No. 227) for the relief of Laura C. Hum-
ber, widow of Charles H. Humber; and
A bill (No. 543) to carry into effect the conven-
tions between the United States and the Repub-
lics of New Granada and Costa Rica.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 39) for the
relief ofSimon De Visser and Jose Villarubia, of
Now Orleans, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.'
Also, that the House had passed the bill of the
Senate (No. 77) for the relief of Richard Chenery,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
REPORTS OS COMMITTEES.
Mr. HEMPHILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Loomis L. Langdon,a lieutenant in the Army,
praying for remuneration for baggage carried off
by the Mexicans under Cortinas, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 566) for the
relief of Lieutenant Loomis L. Langdon. The
bill was read, and passed toasecond reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 950) in relation to the postal ser-
vice, reported it without amendment, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.No
655) granting a pension to Prentis Champlain,
reported it without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 925) granting an
invalid pension to Larkin Tally, of Tennessee,
reported it without amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 740) granting an
increase of pension to Jane W. McKee, widow
of Colonel It. McKee, of the second regiment of
Kentucky volunteers, reported it without amend-
ment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 990) for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of Betsey Nash,
reported it without amendment, and adversely.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous conser
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 5G7)
donating to the States of Minnesota and Oregon
certain lands reserved by Congress for the Terri-
