1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. Is there a motion
to postpone the special order?
Sdr. GWIN. Temporarily, to get through with
this subject.
Mr. PESSENDEN I hope not. We keep
postponing it everyday. Let us get through the
tariff bill. It stands in the way of everything
else. "We can take this up again in the morning
hour to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. It is only to ask for-a committee
of conference.
Mr. PESSENDEN. But it makes debate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Tlio debate will not lastlong
—only two or three hours. [Laughter.]
Mr. PESSENDEN. Other things will come
in after that.
Mr. BAKER. There are other interests in the
world besides the tariff interest; and this is one
of them. It is now on hand, and it will save time
to dispose of it at once. I am cordially disposed
toward the tariff bill; but I beg leave to remind
gentlemen that there are other things and other
places. We have not had very much time for the
Pacific coast, and I think a little would not hurt
us now.
Mr. GWIN I hope this subject will be dis-
posed of.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I am only desirous to
have business done in its order.
The VICE PRESIDENT, If no motion be
made, the Chair will take up the special order,
being the tariff bill.
, Mi. GWIN. I hope it will be postponed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. I shall call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GREEN. It is proper for me to state,
before the vote is taken, that the bill now under
consideration will be debated at considerable
length; I expect to participate in it at some length
myself. A
Mr. GWIN. I hope the action of the Senate
will not be postponed by a threat to put off a vote
on this question by debate. It is as important a
question us we can take up, at least to the country.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the motion will not
Erevail. I think we had better adhere to the tariff
ill until we dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAKER. So do I,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. RICE. I am paired off with the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill.] I should vote
" yea," if I were at liberty to vote.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I do not vote. I am
paired with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.]
The result was announced—yeas 13, nays 25;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bragg, Bright, Gwm, Hunter,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, and Wistall—13.
NAYS—HIe^«rs. Anthony, IJi«ler, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Ciaik, Dixon, Doohttlc, Douglas, Durkee, Fes -
senden, Fitch, Foot, Fostei,Given, Hale, Hailan,Reward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ton Evck, TrunibulK Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill is
now before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Before the Senate proceeds to
that business, I ask that the Senate amendments
to this bill—not the post routes that we added,
but the other amendments in regard to the over-
land and occan service—be printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I hope that will be done by
unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The^ Chair will
put that motion, if there be no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice that I shall call this
subject up early tomorrow morning; and I hope
the Senate will stand by it.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
33b) to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and fix the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the bill 
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator will allow the
committee to finish their amendments, he can pro-
pose his.
Mr. POWELL. Has the Senator amendments
to propose from the committee?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. POWELL. I yield.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move an amendment to the
eighteenth section, in line four, on page 28, after the
word " books," to strike out the words " printed
in the English language, or of which the English
forms the text, bound or unbound, 15 cents per-
pound; and on all hooks printed in foreign lan-
guages, 8 cents per pound;" and in lieu thereof,
to insert:
Periodicals, pamphlets, and all printed matter, and ill us-
tiated books and papers; and on watches and parts of
watches, and watch materials, and unfinished parts of
watches, 15 per centum ad valorem.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " 35 per centum," and in-
serting ts 10 per centum," in the first portion of
it, which relates to books and printed literature,
I wish to state to the Senate that if the table which
I laid before them this morning is correct, the
present bill, as it has been arranged, will enhance
the duty upon books 200 per cent. That is to
say, on the same quantity of books which now
pay a duty of $394, there would be a duty of $787
under the bill. I understand the effect of the
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, to place the duty at 15 per
cent., will be to enhance the duties collected from
that source 100 per cent. The effect of my own
amendment to his amendment would be to pro-
duce an increased revenue from that source of
about 30 per cent, above the present tariff. Sup-
posing that 30 per cent, is quite enough to levy on
knowledge and literature, I move to amend the
amendment m that way.
Mr, SIMMONS. I am very sorry that any of
these extravagant papers have got on our side of
the Senate. In that paper the duty is made 300
per cent, on a duty of 15! These books arc in
the bill at 15 cents a pound; and I suppose some-
body has been making a calculation as to how
much that would amount to on some particular
kind of paper and books. The committee now
propose to put a duty of 15 per cent, on all kind
of books, no matter in what language they are
printed. The reason I disliked this section was
because it put a different rate of duties on books
printed in other languages than our own. I do
not want to make any difference in our commer-
cial relations between those who speak our own
and those who speak some other language. If
they want to send bookshere,letthemscnd them.
This duty of ]5 per cent cannot be tortured into
100 per cent, in any way you fix it. It is 15 p<n-
cent.; that is the whole of it. It is not a revenue
duty. That is as plain as A, B, C. We have got
to have as much as $20,000,000 over the present
tariff; and I have consented to put the duty on
books as low as it was proper in the present con-
dition of the Treasury, and I hope it will remain
so
Mr. CAMERON. I have only a word to say
to the friends of this measure. I hope they will
stand by the chairman of the committee in these
matters. He understands this whole subject. He
has investigated it very fully. If we are to make
alterations for every person interested that comes
here, we shall never get the bill through. We
shall find that everybody interested in the im-
portation of a particular article will come here and
complain that he is wronged. Let us stand by
this bill as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from New York to the amendment of the Senator
from Rhode Island.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered. .
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to call the attention
of those who intend to devise some revenue for
the Governmentto the fact that the proposed tariff
on these books is only 15 per cenl., and the prop-
osition is to take off a third of that. When we
want money, we cannot find any interest that is
willing to pay it. We want to get £20,000,000
additional; but when we come to put 5 per cent,
on an article, somebody is going to be ruined
ji bv it!
I "Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken, I
!! will take the liberty of reading a passage in a let-
ter from a distinguished gentleman comjeoted with
the literature of the country; And I" wo.ul4 ask th#
attention of the Senate to these words:
" A heavy tariff ou foreign books is, to meTa eimple.bar-
baribtti against the very decree of Pi'ovidence that our ad-
vanced race and family of nations shall become more and
more united in thought, religion, the arts, and international-
law. A heavy hook tariff is a sort ot odious secession fi gin
the great commonwealth of civilization." * * T t,
"♦ooksare daily getting dearer. Hundreds of times I have,
abstained-from buying abotfk I stood in need of,-because
too dear; and we ought not to increase they: price artifi-
cially, while, after all, we get lesser monejj into the Treas-
ury by such a measure. People are very apt to treat books
as luxuries. They are emphatically necessaries of civiliza-
tion, especially for a new country that has to establish
libraries—to build those bridges ovpr which civilization
travels from country ufcountry, and fiom generation togen-
eiation. This is acknowledged by the fact that public
Hbiaries are allowed to import duty free. Why, /?very
libraiy of a scholar, lawyer-minister, is a public library.
What does he want books lor ? For thoughts. What are
his thoughts? Are they not for the public, for the com-
monalty
I submit, Mr. President, that a high duty on
books will add very little to the revenue of the coun- \
try, while it will fall upon a class of persons wl(K>,
I think, we should by every possible mealnS ffivor. •
It will fall upon the poor scholar, the clergyman, \ #
and the lawyer. My impression is, we had bet- s f
ter throw our duties on something else rather than ^
upon a class so important as these, who if they feel
the pressure of this duty will be apt to bo against
our whole tariff system. I, therefore,, agree with
the Senator from New York in fixing the duty at
the lowest point, and if I could have my own
way, I would have books entirely fvea.
Mr. SIMMONS. One of the inducements I
had to change the duty upon books from what
I was going to put it in the bill, was in order to
satisfy the Senator from Massachusetts: he told
me that he was satisfied; but I suppose every-
body has a right to change his opinion.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought I could get a little
more off.
Mr. SIMMONS. You were satisfied, if you
could not get any more.
Mr. SUMNER. That is it.
Mr.SIMMONS Well,sir, when I am trying
to satisfy the friends of a measure by making
modifications, I expect that they will hold on to
them at least an hour. I think a man ought to have
a reasonable time to change his opinion. I took
the pains this morning to sec those members of
the committee that I thought the hardest, and
they consented to this modification on books,
putting them at 15 per cent. While I was read-
ing the section, the Senator from Massachusetts
came and said, if I would put it there, he would
be content. Now, when somebody proposes to
put it somewhere else, and make a change in the
bill, he in in favor of changing it. We shall not
get along very fast m that way. I am willing £o
take the vote, and should be perfectly satisfied if
the Senate voted all the duties off. I merely wish
to do my duty and present such provisions as I
think are right.
Mr. RAKER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question} Does the increase or de-
crease of the duty upon books affect the jn-ice of
the writing, or simply of the printing? Is it more
likely to encourage the republication of foreign
books here, or otherwise, by increasing or de-
creasing the duty?
Mr. SIMMONS. A duty is put on books for
the purpose of encouraging their republication
here, and the use of the material and labor in this
country in the production of books. They are
sold very much cheaper here than they are in the
countries where they are first published; because
they are copyrighted books, and they have a
monopoly there. You get one of their magazines
after it is reprinted m the United States, for two
thirds of what it is sold for in England.
Mr. BINGHAM I want to ask the Senator
from Rhode Island a question. In the letter which
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts read,
the writrr rofeired to a high duty on books. I
want to know if the 15 per cent, that he proposes
is that high duty ?
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator must know as
well as I do, that it is not near up to what we call
a revenue dut\. We mean to get 20 per cent, on
all importations under this bili, if we can.
Mr. BINGHAM. That letter, then, has no
application to this bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. Notatall. But it is just as
i^ood as if it had. [Laughter ]
