988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] to the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messers. Bayard, Bragg, Clingman, Crittenden,
Douglas', Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, King, Lane, Ma-
son, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Seward, and Sumner—Irr
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, Simmons,
TenEyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurring on the amend-
ment, it was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move to strike out
from section twenty-three of the printed bill—
being the free list—the following articles: "aloes,
amber, aniseed, assafcetida, cantharides, gam-
boge, ipecachuana, and jaJap;"and to insert them
[in the nineteenth section, being the ten per cent.
4-*he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I next move to strike out
from line eighty-one to eighty-four in section
twenty—being 20 per cent, schedule—the follow-
ing articles:
"Paper hangings, paper for screens or ftreboards, paper
antiquarian, demy, drawing, elephant, foolscap, imperial,
letter, and other paper not otherwise provided for.''
And insert them in the next section after line
one hundred and forty, so that they shall pay a
duty of 30 per centum ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 next move, in scction nine-
teen, to strike out the word " vermilion," in line
one hundred and nine, where it is in the 10 per
cent, list, and insert it in section twenty, between
lines one hundred and twenty-four ana one hun-
dred and twenty-five, so that it shall pay a duty
of 20 per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. The other day we struck out
" bronze powder," in the twenty-second line of
the nineteenth section, on page 19, in the 10 per
cent, schedule; now 1 move to insert it in the 20
per cent, schedule, in the twentieth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move to strike out the
word "calomel," in line tweuty-four of page
30, and put it into the 20 per cent, schedule; it
is now in the 10 per cent schedule.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. In line eighty-three, on
page 32,1 move to strike out "red precipitate"
from the 10 per cent, schedule, and insert it under
the 20 per centum ad valorem schedule.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. In line eighty-nine, of page
37, I move to strike out " quicksilver," and put
it in the 10 per cent, schedule; it is now in the 20
per centum ad valorem. That is a raw material
from which many things arc made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. In the thirteenth line of page
25, before the words " on the same," I move to
insert the words " coir yarns, 1 cent per pound."
This is an article which is made of coir—a kind of
jute. There are a great many coir yarns imported,
and we want to put a duty of 1 cent a pound on
them. They are not described in the bill at all.
Mr. POLK. That reduces the duty from 4
cents to 1 cent, as I understand it.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. It is a different
description of yarns. These are yarns made from
coir. If you will read the whole sentence, you
will see that the other yarns are yarns made from i
manillahemp. There is a duty of 4 cents a pound j
on them; but these coir yarns are cheap yarns, !
and we propose to put a duty of 1 cent a pound
on them.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. SIMMONS. I now propose a modifica-
tion of the duties in the fifth section. It is, to
strike out, in line nine, in section five, all after
the word "first" to the end of the section,in the
following words:
On raw sugar, commonly called Muscovado or brown
sugar, not advanced beyond its law state by claying, boil-
ing, clanlying, or othei piocess, 1 cent per pound ; on syrup
of sugar, or of sugar-cane, and concentrated molass.es, or
concentrated melado. 1 centperpound; on white and clayed
fcugais, when advanced beyond the law Mate, not above
number twelve, Dutch standard, by claying, boiling, clari-
fying, or other process, and not yet refined, 1 centperpound;
advanced above number twelve, Dutch standard, and not
yet refined, cent per pound; on refined sugars, whether
loaf, lump, crushed, or pulverized, 2£ cents per pound; on
sugars, after being refined, when they have been tinctured,
colored, or in any way adulterated, and on sugar candy, 5
cents per pound ; on confectionary of all kinds, not other-
wise provided for, 30 per centum ad valorem ; on molasses,
4 cents per gallon: Provided, That all syrups of sugar, or
of sugar-cane, concentrated molasses, or concentrated me-
lado, entered under the denomination of molasses, or any
other appellation than syrup of sugar or of sugar-cane, con-
centrated molasses, or concentrated melado, shall be liable
to forfeiture to the United States: Provided, That an in-
spection, under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, shall be made of all sugars and mo-
lasses imported from foreign countries, in order to prevent
frauds, and the introduction of sugars, syrup of sugar, syrup
of cane, concentrated molasses, or concentrated mclado,
or bottling syrup, under the title of molasses, orin any other
manner.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
On raw sugar, commonly called Muscovado or brown
sugar, not advanced beyond the raw state by claying or other
process; and on syrup of sugar or of t>ugar carie, and con-
centrated molasses or concentrated melado, and on white
and clayed sugars, when advanced beyond the raw state
by claying or other process, and not refined, £ cent per
pound; on refined sugars, whether loaf or lump, crushcd or
pulverized, 2 cents per pound; on sugars, after being refined
when they are tinctured, colored, or in any way adulterated,
and on sugar candy, 4cents per pound: Provided, That all
syrups of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated molasses or ;
melado, entered under the name of molasses, or any oiher
name than syrup of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated
molasses or concentrated uielado, shall be liable to for-
feiture to the United States; on molasses, 2 cents per gal-
lon ; on confectionary of all kinds, not otherwise provided
for, 30 per centum ad valorem.
Second. On coffee, 1£ cent per pound; on tea, when
imported from any port or place beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, 4 cents per pound; when imported from any port or
place this side of the cape ot Good Hope, other than in the
country where produced, 4 cents per pound, and an addi-
tion thereto of 10 per centum ad valorem; Provided, That
whenever the Treasury notes and bonds of the United
States, which have been, or shall be, issued, under the au-
thority of any laws, or parts of laws, passed between the
4th day ot Maich, 1857, and the 4th day of March, 1861, shall
be redeemed and paid, the President of the United States
is hereby authorized to make proclamation that tlio afore-
said articles of tea and coffee may be imported into the Uni-
ted States, exempt and free from the specific duties herein
imposed.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear from
the Senator from Rhode Island what rates ad va-
lorem he supposes these duties will amount to on
sugar, tea, and coffee.
Mr. SIMMONS. From 15 to 17 per cent.
The present duty on sugar is reduced somewhat;
and I thought, though a majority of the commit-
tee did not, that it was necessary now to resort to
a duty on tea and coffee to supply sufficient rev-
enue to meet the wants of the Government. As I
stated the other day, the interest on the increase
of the public debt that has taken place for the last
four years, amounts to $4,000,000. 1 think that
it is necessary to resort to these articles of tea
and coffee to get money enough to pay the inter-
est of that debt; and when the debt is paid off, I
propose that the President of the United States
may then admit them free of duty without any
action of Congress. I think that the additional
revenue provided in this amendment, over and
abo ve what we nowcollect, will beabout §4,000,000
annually. The duties arc not heavy; but my
view is that, when articles have been accustomed
to be imported free, there should be a very light
duty put on at first, that the public may not be
very much disturbed by the alteration.
Other Senators have the same means of knowl-
edge that I have as to the necessity of increasing
the revenue. "We have failed to get revenue enough
to pay the expenses of the Government for the
last four years, by about $21,000,000 a year; and
I know of no way but to resort to taxation to
bring it up. I know it is a disagreeable thing to
impose taxes: but it is not as bad, in my judg-
ment, as it is to keep borrowing money at extraor-
dinary rates of interest. I therefore hope the
amendment will prevail."
Mr. HUNTER. I should vote very cheerfully
for a reduction of the duty on sugar; for, as far as
I can ascertain by conference with those in whom
I trust, it is too high as it stands. I should be
willing to reduce it to 20 per cent,, and I think
that would be above the revenue duty on sugar;
and if this were a revenue tariff, I should not ob-
ject to introducing tea and coffee, but regarding it
as I do, as a highly prohibitory tariff, I am not
willing to vote for a scheme of finance which ex-
cludes other products nnd gets revenue from tea
and coffee. I shall therefore vote against the
amendment. If-Senators would introduce a rev-
enue tariff, and propose to add tea and coffee to
the dutiable articles, it would be a proper ques-
tion, and they might be as fair subjects of taxation
as any others; but when you are prohibiting to so
large an extent other articles and fabrics, and such
necessaries as iron, in order to protect domestic
manufactures, and enable them to derive profit at
other people's expense, lam not willing,in order
to make up the deficiency thus created, to tax tea
and coffee.
Mr. BIGLER. It is not my intention to vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island; but I do not mean to discuss it. I rise
for the purpose of presenting the imports of 1859,
under the present tariff, with the revenue derived
therefrom; which will show Senators at once
the relative rate of duty which is proposed to be
charged. The imports of sugar, in 1859, amounted
to 654,226,000 pounds; on which a revenue of
§7,313,000 was collected. It will bo seen, there-
fore, that the rate exceeded 1 cent per pound.
Instead of $7,313,000,underthepresent bill, these
imports would yield $6,542,000; so that the prop-
osition, as originally presented in the House bill,
would be a reduction of the duty upon sugar. It
is now proposed to reduce it to | cent per pound;
which would still be an additional reduction. The
Senator from Virginia, therefore, is mistaken in
supposing that the bill, as it stands, will increase
the duty on sugar. If you go back to 1857, you
will see that the ad valorem duty amounted to 2
cents per pound in consequence of the high price
of sugar then.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to be considered by
Senators on the opposite side of the Chamber that
you cannot put on a specific duty without putting
on a protective duty. Now, I suppose a specific
duty can be put on that would not be 10 percent.,
just as well as one could be put on that would
amount to 30 per cent. Specific duties are in no
other way protective than as they protect the Treas-
ury from frauds.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator say that I
said that you could not put on specific duties with-
out making- them protective?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. The Senator said
that this was a general system of protection, in-
stead of revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; I said that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I can see no reason for saying
that, unless it is because some of the duties are
specific. They are not higher than they would
be if they were ad valorem duties. By this sys-
tem we only protect the revenue against frauds.
I have concluded to put a moderate duty on all
these articles that go very touch together. I have
hitherto contended that it made no difference to
the consumers of coffee and sugar, whether you
put all the duty on the sugar, or put half on the
sugar and half on the coffee; but I never could
satisfy Senators on the other side that that was
correct reasoning. Now, in order to make things
more comfortable to them, 1 propose to put some
of the duty on each of these articles, and a rate of
duty on sugar that cannot be complained of by
anybody who is willing to raise the revenue by
customs; and certainly they cannot complain of
the 15 per cent, on coffee and tea. That is not
more than a revenue duty on sugar. It may inci-
dentally help the sugar interest to put on a duty
of I cent per pound when sugar is very low, and
help the Treasury now. That is the advantage of
having a specific duty. One year, when the sugar
crop failed in Louisiana, we raised §12,000,000
from the sugar duties; and next year the revenue
was down to £6,000,000. It depends altogether on
the price of sugar in Havana, whore we princi-
pally get it. I should like to have the same duties
all the time; and as we consume about the same
quantity, we shall get the same revenue from the
sugar, whether it be high or low in the foreign
market. So with the duty on "toffee, and so with
that on tea. I think it a very much better method.
I have heard a great deal said about these rates
of duty being prohibitory. I do not consider that
there is a rate of duty m this bill that will materi-
ally lessen the amount of importations. It may
check some particular articles a little, but tln-ie
will bo always imports that will absorb all the
money we can spare to pay for foreign merchan-
dise. If you stop a little on one, you will increase
a little on others. That has been my experience
under all the tariffs.
