
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 55. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., July 1, 1863.

I. Leave of absence having been granted to Surg. Charles H. Crane, U. S. Army, medical director of the department, Surg. John J. Craven, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby announced as acting medical director during his absence, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Second Lieutenant Richard Skinner, Tenth U. S. Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty as commissary of musters for this department, by authority from the General-in-Chief.

III. Second Lieutenant F. Reynolds, First U. S. Artillery, is hereby announced as commissary of musters for the Department of the South.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 58. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., July 3, 1863.

I. Leave of absence having been granted Captain J. W. Todd, U. S. Army, chief of ordnance of the department, First Lieutenant A. Mordecai, U. S. Army, is hereby announced as acting chief of ordnance of the department during his absence, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Hereafter no person, officer, soldier, or civilian will be allowed transportation on board a Government transport, unless he is traveling in the discharge of duty strictly connected with the military service, without a pass from these headquarters.

This is not intended to prevent officers or soldiers honorably discharged the service, or going on leave of absence or furlough, receiving transportation north.

The captains of transports will be charged with a strict observance of this order.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., July 4, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Admiral DuPont will at once enter into my project for getting possession of Morris Island, and render all the assistance in his power. He sent me a message to that effect last evening. General Seymour returned from Folly Island yesterday, and reports that the enemy is materially strengthening his defenses there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Admiral Dahlgren is reported off the harbor, coming in.

