
mine would have sounded to you, if I had proposed to work the trenches when you asked me to keep down the enemy's fire.

I regret having to occupy your time and mine with these remarks, and will conclude as I began, by saying that the and we in your first paragraph meets all I have to ask, and that I shall not need even that before the repairs of the monitors are finished, which may not be for a couple of weeks.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient, servant,

JNO. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., September 30, 1863.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHGREN,

Commanding S. A. Blockading Squadron, off Morris Island, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of yesterday in reply to mine of the 27th.

I certainly did misinterpret the meaning of certain portions of your letter of the 26th, especially where you ask if you can depend on my "driving the enemy out of Sumter," and where you speak of Sumter being in "our possession" as preliminary to the contemplated operations against the outer line of obstructions.

Your letter of the 29th I understand. I am expected to do what I have made and am making preparations to do - open a heavy fire on Sumter whenever the monitors are ready to move. I have several rifled guns on Cumming's Point ready now, and am placing more guns there and some mortars. Five of the breaching guns on my left remain in readiness to open at the same time.

Rifled guns cannot be safely used from Wagner while our troops occupy Gregg, as every projectile that turns is liable to accomplish much more, even to the occupation of the work.

I most cheerfully accredit to the iron-clads much valuable co-operation in the strictest sense of the term. It appears to me, therefore, that if no special request for co-operation has been made by you before, it is simply because the land forces had to take thee ad in executing the first part of the programme, and there was, consequently, no occasion for any such request.

It now is my time to play a subordinate part, and all the means under my control are at your disposal for that purpose.

What I stipulate for is a continuance of that cordial, open, and sincere interchange of views that has characterized our effort thus far.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

