
this account. I have, however, so timed the work there that its completion may be expected to take place as soon as the monitors, now undergoing repairs, are ready for service, say fifteen days.

I am also constructing small redoubts for some of my pickets stationed in the hummocks between James Island and Morris and Folly Islands. One of these will be in latitude 32 deg. 42 1/2' and longitude 79 deg. 53 3/4'; another will be latitude 32 deg. 41 1/4' and longitude 79 deg. 55', and another in latitude 32 deg. 40' and longitude 79 deg. 59'.

I am also fortifying the north end of Kiawah Island, to prevent the enemy occupying it and destroying my shipping in the Stono.

I again make an appeal for some of the conscripts to which this command is entitled. My officers are north to get them, but meet with no encouragement. Can anything be done? A few thousand of them would be of feat assistance, and would render it possible to take immediate advantage of any success the navy may beet with in their attempt to enter the inner harbor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, October 8, 1863.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Morris Island:

GENERAL: The drafted men, as well as the Governors of their States, were very strongly opposed to being sent south during the hot weather. If we had attempted to send them south most of them would have deserted. We, however, will now fill up your regiments as rapidly as possible.

If you have regiments greatly reduced by sickness, we can exchange them with others. That, however, takes time, and during the exchange so much force is virtually lost to the service.

A spy who pretends to have just come from Charleston says that Beauregard has been re-enforced by Anderson's brigade of Longstreet's corps. He also says that the large gun (Blakely 600-pounder) which was injured has been repaired, and is planted on the battery in front of the city, and that Beauregard has sent to Wilmington for another gun of the same kind. He says that none of the heavy guns in Fort Sumter have been sent to Fort Morgan, Mobile.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, GORDON'S DIVISION,Folly Island, S. C., October 10, 1863.

Brigadier General GEO. H. GORDON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report everything quiet on the picket lines of Cole's and Kiawah Islands.

The roads and dikes on Cole's Island have been completed for the use of horses up to the first large bridges leading to the outposts.

The rifle-pits ordered have been thrown up; the tete-de-pont covering the bridge on the right wing has been enlarged and strengthened;

