
the liberty of sending Colonel Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, to Washington to hurry the matter forward.

The Spencer rifle possesses so many advantages over every other arm that I am acquainted with, that I desire especial pains taken to secure it. We shall require about 2,000 of them, and I have directed Colonel Hawley to make requisition for the additional 1,500.

Colonel Hawley will command the brigade, his own regiment being at the present time engaged in the boat drill. I have procured some boats from New York; henceforth I shall manufacture all that I require here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., October 18, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to state, in reply to your letter of the 8th instant, on the subject of drafted men for the regiments of this command, that I do not favor the exchange of any regiments here with stronger ones, if there is any certainty of my obtaining these men as soon as there no longer exists any objection to sending them here on the score of climate.

There is no danger to be apprehended in coming here now, and if the order to send on conscripts was issued at once none would arrive until November, later in the season than the Sherman expedition reached this coast in 1861. Detachments from the several regiments are now north, some of them engaged in conveying drafted men to other armies. I can see nor reason in the climate here for further deadly, and respectfully request that the necessary orders be issued to the commanders of the depots for drafted men.

It is true that Anderson's brigade has recently re-enforced the enemy at Charleston, and forms a portion of the garrison at Sullivan's Island, Anderson himself being in command there. I refer to the Anderson who married the sister of Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Clitz.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 570. In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., Oct. 18, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby temporarily assigned to the command of the troops on Morris Island during the absence of General Terry.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ISRAEL R. SEALY,Captain, Forty-seventh New York Vols., A. A. A. G.

