
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 66. Morris Island, S. C., October 18, 1863.

the undersigned, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 570, headquarters Department of the South, hereby assumes command of this post.

By order of Brigadier General T. Seymour:

P. R. CHADWICK,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 67. Morris Island, S. C., October 19, 1863.

I. The following officers are announced as a portion of the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, viz: Captain P. R. Chadwick, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant C. N. Jackson, Tenth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant W. H. Bradshaw, Ninetieth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

II. The officers of the various administrative departments recently on the staff of Brigadier-General Terry will be continued on those duties.

By order of Brigadier General T. Seymour:

P. R. CHADWICK,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field Island, S. C., October 20, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I had a long interview with Admiral Dahlgren yesterday, in regard to future operations.

I have all along looked to the execution of the original project of getting possession of the inner harbor with the monitor fleet, after which I would occupy, with such force as I could control, some interior point, and strongly fortify it. I consider the naval commander here the proper person to judge of the practicability of accomplishing the work which the monitors will have to do in order to get inside and stay there. Every day's delay is strengthening the enemy's works inside, and the question now is, whether to attempt to enter with the present monitor force, or await the arrival of the new ones. The navy commander here is the proper person to judge of this. General Terry was the bearer of a verbal message to you on the subject of an attempt against the Wilmington defenses. If it be determined to delay for more force here, I desire to know it early.

Some men recently arrived from Charleston (refugees) report some things worthy of note. The enemy is erecting fortifications at the railroad wharf, in Town Creek; also a continuous line of earthworks on the north front of James Island, west of Fort Johnson, facing the harbor. The new 600-pounder is reported as having arrived from Wilmington. A new work, apparently a strong one, is being erected on the Stono, just north of Newtown Cut, latitude 32 deg. 44'.

I consider Wagner and Gregg impregnable against any attack excepting a regular siege. The two, together with some batteries

