
between, mount one 10-inch Parrott rifle, two 8-inch Parrott rifles, eighth 100-pounder Parrott rifles, one 10-inch columbiad, two 10-inch sea-coast mortars, and two 10-inch siege mortars. This armament is exclusive of light defensive guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS GORDON'S DIVISION,October 22, 1863.

General SCHIMMELFENNIG,

First Brigade;

GENERAL: Two deserters were brought in to General Vogdes to-day from James Island, who brought the information that a rebel captain and 2 men have been in the habit of coming down the creek that leads to Secessionville, in a small dug-out, at night, to examine our position; that this Captain Hammond and his men have been on Cole's and James Islands, and will coma again. They also inquired if there was a bridge from Folly to James Island, and on being answered no, replied that there was some bridge that they wee going to burn. The bridge between Cole's and James Islands is probably the one meant. General Gordon wishes you to send this information to-night to Major Little, on Cole's Island, and direct him to keep a vigilant watch for Captain Hammond and his men along the creek, and to take every precaution that they do not burn his bridge.

I gave this information to Lieutenant Dean this evening to give to you, and have put it in writing that it may be more explicit.

I am, general, with great respect, you obedient servant,

H. B. SCOTT,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 23, 1863.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Department of the South:

GENERAL: Yours of the 17th and 18th instant are received. All conscripts from States represented in your command were some days ago ordered to be sent to you until the regiments are filled. There are not sufficient Spencer riffles manufactured to supply your requisitions, but all that can be obtained will be sent to you in preference to any one else.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MEMORANDUM ON OPERATIONS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH.

MORIS ISLAND, S. C.,

October 31, 1863.

The Southern Confederacy consists of Virginia, North and South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, forming a line from Richmond to

