
October 13. - The Seventh Connecticut ordered to south end of Saint Helena Island, to serve as "boat infantry."

October 17, - Forts Strong and Putnam and Battery Chatfield garrisoned.

October 18. - Brigadier-General Seymour assigned temporarily to command of the troops on Morris Island.

October 24. - Brigadier-General Gordon going on leave of absence, Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig assumes command of his division, and Colonel von Gilsa succeeds to the command of the First Brigade.

October 26. - Opened fire to complete the destruction of Fort Sumter.

October 28. - Howell's (Second) brigade transferred from Terry's to Gordon's division.

NEW HAVEN, CONN.,

November 1, 1863.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, U. S. Army,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose copies of a portion of Major-General Gillmore's correspondence with Rear-Admiral Dahlgren.* It was garnished to me to be used in accomplishing the object of my late visit to Washington, and I was instructed to file it in the War Department when I should no longer have use for it. I am ignorant of the bureau in the Department to which it should be sent, and I therefore take the liberty of forwarding it to you. If you will be so kind as to send it to its proper destination, you will enable me to fulfill General Gillmore's wishes, and will lay me under great obligation.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., November 6, 1863.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Richmond and Petersburg papers of the 4th instant report the continued bombardment of Fort Sumter by the land and naval forces, and contain the following dispatches:

Charleston, November 2.- The fire upon Sumter has been terrific. Jeff. Davis made a speech at Charleston, and high compliments to the garrison at Sumter. He trusted the day would never come when the Yankee flag would float over that fort. Thinks Charleston can never be taken.

Charleston, November 3. - A reconnoitering party of Yankees came to Sumter last night, but were driven off.

Later - Bragg's army, November 2. - Heavy fighting Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. Enemy holds position this side of Tennessee River. Our pickets within 250 yards of the enemy's pickets. Tennessee Rive very high.

Nothing new from the Rappahannock.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

---------------

*See communications of September 26, 27, 29, and 30, and of October 15, and 17, pp. 97, 100, 101, 107, 108.

---------------

