
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 102. In the Field Island, S. C., Nov. 18, 1863.

I. General Orders, Numbers 66,current series, from these headquarters, are hereby amended by the omission of the phrase "except after engagements have taken place."

II. Deserters will in no event be questioned by any person whatever without authority from department headquarters, excepting by the commander of the post at which they arrive, who will forward their statements in writing, if at all important, direct to the commanding general.

III. The arrival of deserters or fugitives, the military information derived from them or from prisoners, of war, as well as all arrivals and departures of troops, are times if contraband news which must be carefully suppressed.

IV. Commanders of posts where newspapers are published will be held responsible for the character of the matter which those papers contain, and will cause the proof-sheets of the same to be examined, and, if necessary, corrected, agreeably to the provisions of this and General Orders, Numbers 66, current series, from these headquarters.

V. In honor of Brigadier General T. Seymour, U. S. Volunteers, and Colonel william B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, wounded at the assault on Fort Wagner July 18, the 10-inch mortar battery, south of Battery Chatfiled, will be called Battery Seymour, and the one still farther south Battery Barton.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 19, 1863.

Major-General GILLMORE, Commanding Dept. of the South:

GENERAL: The Secretary of the Treasury has submitted to the War Department various letters of A. G. Brown, special agent of the Treasury Department, alleging violations of General Orders, Numbers 88, War Department. These make special references to-

First. Permissions given to schooner Frances L. Steele to trade at Fernandina and Saint Augustine.

Second. To schooner Mail, landing valuable cargo of foreign wines and liquors, contrary to Treasury regulations.

Third. To General Gillmore's prohibiting shipment of cotton, now held by agents of the Treasury Department at Hilton Head, consigned to collector of customs at New York.

Your attention is particularly called to this matter, and you will report on these alleged violations of Treasury regulations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 20, 1863.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE, Dept. of the South:

GENERAL: No action has been taken on your application in regard to the transfer of the troops from North Carolina to your corps, for the

