
Army of the Potomac. But that army is in the face of the enemy and may be immediately engaged in battle.

Under these circumstances, it becomes an important question whether the forces of General Gillmore, not required to hold the points which he now occupies, should not be made available for service elsewhere. There troops were originally sent to Charleston Harbor, and are now retained there, simply as auxiliaries to a proposed naval attack upon that city. It was never intended that they should make an assault on or besiege that place by land.

As this matter involves the action of naval as well as military forces, I offer no recommendations, but simply submit the question for the orders of the Executive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 84. Morris Island, S. C., November 23, 1863.

I. In pursuance of instructions from department headquarters, the present organization of the brigades at this post is dissolved, and they are reorganized as below, viz:

First Brigade. - Brigadier General Thomas G. Stevenson commanding: Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, Ninth Maine Volunteers, Eleventh Maine Volunteers.

Second Brigade. - Colonel W. W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding: Fifty-second Pennsylvanian volunteers, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundredth New York Volunteers, Independent Battalion New York Volunteers [Enfants Perdus].

Third Brigade. - Colonel James Montgomery, Second South Carolina Volunteers (colored), commanding: Second South Carolina Volunteers, Third U. S. Colored Troops, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers (colored).

II. Lieutenant Colonel Charles R. Brayton, Third Rhode Island [Heavy] Artillery, is announced as chief of artillery for this post, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 105. In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., Nov. 25, 1863.

I. The major-general commanding has heretofore had occasion to rebuke offices of this command for imposing improper labors upon colored troops. He is now informed that the abuses sought to be corrected still exist. Attention is called to General Orders, Numbers 77, current series, from these headquarters, and commanidng offices are enjoined to see to its strict enforcement. Colored troops will not be required to perform any labor which is not shared by the white troops, but will receive, in all respects, the same treatment and be allowed the same opportunities for drill and instruction.

