
Strawbridge in command on Hilton Head Island, and the troops at Fort Pulaski and on Tybee Island assigned to that command.

November 23. - Terry's division reorganized.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 109. In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., December 5, 1863.

I. In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 512, current series, from the War Department, Surg. Horace R. Wirtz, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from duty in this department.

Surg. Ebenezer Swift, U. S. Army, is hereby announced as medical director of the department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Whenever an acting commissary of subsistence is appointed o relieved, he will furnish the chief commissary of the department with a copy o the order appointing or relieving him.

Officers doing duty inthe subsistence department will furnish the chief commissary of the department with a copy of any order they may receive involving an expenditure of public money or which is in conflict with orders received from him.

III. Captain John C. Henshaw, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported for duty in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 501, current series, from the War Department, is hereby assigned to duty at these headquarters, in charge of the judge-advocates' bureau.

All records of courts-martial or military commissions forwarded to these headquarters will be addressed to him.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 631. In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., December 5, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Brigadier General T. Seymour is hereby assigned to the command of Hilton Head Island, Saint Helena, Fort Pulaski, and Tybee. He will proceed immediately to take command.

III. Colonel Howell's brigade will immediately proceed to Hilton Head, and Colonel Howell will report to Brigadier-General Seymour.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ISRAEL R. SEALY,Captain, Forty-seventh New York Vols., A. A. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., December 6, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In answer to your communications of the 19th ultimo, in reference to alleged violation of General Orders, Numbers 88, from the War Department, I have the honor to state that whenever permits

