
The enemy is now raising a sand glacis around Fort Jackson, the sand being taken from the vicinity of Custon's Bluff by railroad.

Colonel Littlefield, Fourth South Carolina Volunteers (colored), who visits Washington in behalf of his regiment and brigade, will deliver this. If you desire it, he will converse upon the Florida project, but not upon the others, as he knows nothing of them. Lieutenant Charles Silva will bring back dispatches. A steamer awaits him at Baltimore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., December 17, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In my communication to you of the 15th instant, I stated that in order to operate against Charleston, under a new programme, either by way of James Island from the Stono or on the mainland from Bull's Bay, "large re-enforcements to my command" would be required. To be more definite, I would say that 10,000 or 12,000 good infantry would be sufficient, and my preference is for the route via James Island, for two reasons, viz, (1) all the garrison of Folly Island would be available for the work, and (2) the landing from the Stono is good at all the stages of the tide, and we already have control of the southern extremity of James Island, while there is no low-water landing in Bull's Bay, and the enemy is known to be on the watch in that quarter. I respectfully submit that whatever operations may be attempted upon this coast during the present winter, they should be so managed that the forces may be field well in land for a powerful demonstration in the interior, whenever the armies of the Cumberland and of the Potomac are ready to resume offensive operations. The aggregate available strength of this department and that of Virginia and North Carolina would doubtless be sufficient the adoption of such measures as will enable me to go to work at once. My command is eager for active service. Permission to act is all I ask, if the Department should not wish to give me any detailed instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 112. In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., December 17, 1863.

I. The attention of all persons employed in or with the military forces of the United States in this department is directed to General Orders, Numbers 88, current series, War Department, bearing date March 31 [April 3], 1863, and to supplement thereto,by the Secretary of War, bearing date September 11, 1863.

II. By these orders, issued in execution of laws of Congress approved July 13, 1861, May 20, 1862, and March 12, 1863, all persons

