
the President, dated September 11, 1863, and superseding the regulations of March 31, 1863, and they will in all respects observe General Orders, Numbers 88, of this Department, and dated March 31 [April 3], 1863, in regard to said revised regulations, as if the same has been originally framed and promulgated with reference to them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PRIVATE.] EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., December 21, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

MY DEAR SIR: Sending a note to the Secretary of the Navy, as I promised, he called over and said that the strikes in the ship-yards had thrown the completion of vessels back so much that he thought General Gillmore's proposition entirely proper. He only wishes (and in which I concur) that General Gillmore will courteously confer with and explain to Admiral Dahlgren.*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

Yours, as ever,

A. LINCOLN.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to the General-in-Chief.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON,

December 22, 1863.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Department of the South, Folly Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am authorized by the Secretary of War to say that you are at liberty to undertake such operations in your department as you may deem best, making secure the positions you already hold in front of Charleston. It will be proper in this mater that you courteously confer with Admiral Dahlgren, each, however, being at liberty to carry out his own plans.

In regard to re-enforcements, none can possibly be sent to you at present.

The Secretary of War has drawn up some regulations in regard to colored troops in your department, authorizing you to consolidate regimens, to order boards for the examination of officers and to send their names here for commission, and also to organize brigades, &amp;c., of such troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*Portion here omitted refers to affairs in Missouri, and appears in Series I, Vol. XXII.

---------------

