
Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, Ninth Maine, Forty-eighth New York, Sixth Connecticut, and Brayton's battery will constitute a brigade under General Strong.

V. Brigadier General Truman Seymour is hereby assigned to the command of all the troops on Folly and the adjacent islands.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., July 5, 1863.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Department of the South:

GENERAL: According to last advices, Generals Magruder and Smith were pressing toward New Orleans and endeavoring to separate General Banks from that city.

The condition of affairs here is such that we cannot at present re-enforce General Banks from the north. It is therefore proposed that you immediately send to New Orleans such forces as you can temporarily spare from your proposed operations. It is suggested that some of the colored troops may be used for that purpose.

As soon as General Grant ends with Vicksburg, it is believe he will move a part of his forces to Banks' assistance, and your forces will then be returned, or others sent to replace them.

You will perceive, from the intercepted dispatches of Jeff. Davis and General Cooper, copies of which were sent to you by mail, that General Beauregard, copies of which were sent to you by mail, that General Beauregard would dispatch troops to re-enforce Johnston, the moment any of our left the vicinity of Charleston for the Mississippi River.

It is therefore important that you conceal as much as possible the departure of any troops you may send to New Orleans.

Should you hear of the success of Grant at Vicksburg, or of Banks at Port Hudson, before this reaches you, it will not be necessary to send the detachment. Moreover, if your operations should be such as to render it expedient to retain all your forces, you will do so. Nevertheless, I wish you not to overlook the importance, according to present appearances, of throwing some additional forces into New Orleans. Mosst of the troops in North Carolina have been brought north, and General Banks can be assisted only from your command, or from that of General Grant.

Thus far the operations of General Meade against Lee's army in Pennsylvania have been successful. Several severe engagements have been fought without any decisive victory, but with advantage to us, compelling Lee to fall back.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 393. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., July 5, 1863.

* * * * * *

V. Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry is hereby relieved from command of the post at Hilton Head and will report to the brigadier-general commanding the department for instructions.

