
It may be necessary to change the position of one of the guns now in battery, as from the points at which the enemy appeared to be working two or three of our batteries can be enfiladed.

I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel Yates to make the necessary arrangements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 15, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Department, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 13th instant has just been received. I regret to inform you that having lately sent a large portion of my troops to re-enforce General Johnston, I will not be able to assist you as you desire until a part or the whole of them shall have been returned to me.

My "protecting wing" was extended also over Mobile and the Mississippi Valley, by an order of the President, on the 10th instant, received yesterday. I can, however, notice no diminution of the enemy's forces in my front since I last wrote to you on the subject. He is stated to be rep[lacing some of his regiments going out of service with New England negro regiments. I hope to be able to capture a few of the rascals before long.

I should not be surprised if the troops referred to by you as having arrived at New Berne were intended to replace those going home. I can hardly believe the enemy contemplates taking the ofensive in North Carolina when he has so much need of troops in Virginia and Mississippi; but, after all, he has a singular way of operating, and the "anaconda" may not be entirely dead, dead!

Respectfully and truly, yours,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

June 15, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your favor of the 23rd ultimo, applying for the services of Anderson's cavalry regiment, was received here on my return from a tour of inspection in Georgia and Florida.

It would afford me much pleasure to grant you request if it were practicable, but, having lately sent off a large pat of my forces to re-enforce Johnston, I am unable now to spare one man more from this department; moreover, this regiment has been ordered to Augusta to guard that important city from any Yankee raids in that direction. I am interrupted so often that I must close my letter, wishing you success when you meet again those rascally Abolitionists.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

