
SECESSIONVILLE, June 16, 1863.

Captain NANCE:

A two-gun battery at Campbell's house on Folly Island shelled Secessionville at 4 o'clock. But 2 shells reached it; 	1 fell in the marsh in rear of the observatory, the other burst in the camp of the Twenty-fifth Regiment, near the first bridge. Both were good shorts at the observatory. Do keep this out of the papers. Distance, about 3 3/4 miles.

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 16, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Commanding Second Military District, Adams Run, S. C.:

GENERAL: In view of the late raid up the Combahee, we must be on the alert at all points, to prevent similar disasters elsewhere, especially on the Edisto or Pon Pon. I am informed the pile obstruction just below Wiltown has a gap through which gunboats might pass. I advise it to be closed thoroughly at once, either with piles or otherwise. One or two companies of infantry might also be stationed at that point to defend the battery guarding that obstruction. With a free use of quinine they could be kept in good health there and elsewhere, especially if retained only for a few days at a time at unhealthy localities. The picket ought to be kept well down the river, to prevent a surprise. Out troops may be defeated, but they should never be surprised by the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

PRIVATE.] HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA.,

Charleston, S. C., June 16, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. TRAPIER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Georgetown, S. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: I found here your letter of the 8th instant(on my arrival from Florida. I regret that the change you refer to should have been made during my absence; but I think you entirely underrate the importance of your present position, which can be made a corresponding one to those of Brigadier-Generals Hagood and Walker, who have to protect their districts not only against negro raids, but against all deprecators of any shape or color. The only difference is that they have at present a few more troops than you have, on account of the railroad connection between here an Savannah, which they must protect. In every other respect your district is as important as theirs. Indeed, the arrival of Admiral Footed to relieve Admiral DuPont on this coast makes it probable that new life will be fused into the Abolition fleet, and Georgetown may become one of their first points of attack. I have your protest at present under

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XIV, p. 966.

---------------

