
consideration. (I must remark, en passant,that I wish you had left out one or two expressions, which, instead of adding force to it, may do ham.) I will probably make your present command a separate district, giving you more troops as soon as practicable. I regret not being able to include in it Sullivan's Island, as you suggest, for the works and forces around this harbor must be under one head only; moreover,your district would then be too extended. We are now everywhere laboring under a pressume of untoward circumstances beyond our control, which must be borne with until we can do better. My own position is not entirely satisfactory to me. I feel I could be more usefully employed elsewhere.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA, Numbers 125. Charleston, S. C., June 16, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VIII. A military district, to be designated as the Fourth, and embracing all troops now in the parishes of Saint James and Saint Stephen, about Georgetown, and to the North Carolina line, will at once be organized, Brigadier-General Trapier commanding. He will establish his headquarters at or near Georgetown, and ender the usual returns and reports direct to these headquarters. The number of troops in the district will be increased as soon as practicable.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, June 17, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I inclose you my proclamation and orders, that you may understand the steps taken.*

The question of mounting them may hereafter be considered.

I hope to get up the troops, though the State is greatly reduced. I believe it to be tue that in proportion to her white population no State has more volunteers in the field between sixteen and eighteen and forty and forty-five.

I deem it proper to apprise the Government at once that the State has on hand no camp and garrison equipage, nor subsistence, having turned over all to the Confederate officers in this State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Indorsements.]

JUNE 22, 1863.

Ordnance Bureau, for consideration as to camp equipage, &amp;c.

J. A. S. [SEDDON],

Secretary.

---------------

*See also Series IV.

---------------

