
for independence on the frontiers of the Confederacy. The time has now arrived to show yourselves worthy of those gallant men by protecting their homes, their wives, and their children, in common with your own.

Until the above organization takes place, it is recommended to the citizens of the State to continue existing voluntary organizations and to immediately form others, with such arms as they have, for the protection of every neighborhood, especially along the rivers and arms of the sea. Many a deadly volley may be successfully delivered at the raiders beats from the bluff s and forests lining their banks.

Immediately after the requisition of the President is filled, the Governor will take steps for a more complete organization, for neighborhood protection, of such as are less fitted, by years or otherwise, for the active duties of a campaign.

Given under my hand and the seal of the State at Columbia, this 16th day of June, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

M. L. BONHAM.

[L. S.] WILLIAM R. HUNTT,

Secretary of State.

AN ACT to provide for local defense and special service.

SECTION I. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to accept the services of volunteers of such kind and in such proportion as he may deem expedient, to serve for such time as he may prescribe, for the defense of exposed places or localities, or such special service as he may deem expedient.

SEC. II. And such forces shall be mustered into the service of the Confederate States for the local defense or special service aforesaid, the muster-roll setting forth distinctly the services to be performed; and the said volunteers shall not be considered in actual service until thereunto specially ordered by the President. And they shall be entitled to pay or subsistence only for such time as they may be on duty under the orders of the President or by his direction.

SEC. III. Such volunteer forces, when so accept and ordered into service, shall be organized in accordance with and subject to all the provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide for the public defense," approved March 6, 1861, and may be attached to such divisions, brigades, regiments, or battalions as the President may direct, and, when not organized into battalions or regiments before being mustered into service, the President shall appoint the field offices of the battalions and regiments when organized as such by him.

Approved August 21, 1861.

GENERAL ORDERS, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 20. Columbia, June 16, 1863.

To carry into effect the proclamation of His Excellency the Commander-in-Chief, and the act of Congress to provide for local defense and special service, it is hereby ordered:

I. That the commanding officers of the militia regiments assemble

10 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT II

