
in this department properly belongs to the engineer department, and I have not yet seen good reasons for relieving Colonel Harris and Major Echols of that duty.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, S. C., June 21, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Yesterday the enemy commenced moving their troops from Folly to Cole's Island, and this morning Colonel Simonton reports that their transports have been running all night, but that no move has been made beyond Cole's. I have directed Colonel Simonton to make as large a display of his force as possible from time to time, and the infantry troops in the city and on Sullivan's island have orders to be in readiness to move at once, should necessity require.

My opinion of the move is, that the enemy, finding the batteries on the south end of Morris Island tolerably strong, and increasing, and being subject to annoyance in his camp at the eastern extremity of Big Folly, and confined to unhealthy localities in that vicinity, has sent a portion of his command to Cole's island to get rid of the annoyance of the fire from Morris Island, and for sanitary reasons. Meantime, Colonel Simonton will be instructed to keep a close watch on the enemy, and report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Adams Run, June 21, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I inclose for information copies of telegraphic reports since June 5, some of which, from your communication, dated 19th, appear not to have been received. Four days are not reported. On these days no change had taken place in the river from the previous day's report. Daily reports will be sent till further orders, whether any change has taken place or not, and they will be made in all cases particular as to number, class, &c., of vessels.

If it is deemed of sufficient importance at department headquarters, dispatches can be rapidly obtained from North Edisto by establishing a signal line across Wadmalaw from a point in rear of Rockville to Little Britain. It will have to be across a country alternating with fields and woods, a distance of 8 or 9 miles. At present, dispatchs are brought a circuitous route, of at least 30 miles, by couriers.

Respectfully,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

