
GENERAL ORDERS, STATE OF GEORGIA, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE Numbers 15. Milledgeville, June 22, 1863.

The President having called upon the Governor of this State for 8,000 men for local defense under the acts of Congress, and the Governor having in compliance with the requisition, issued his proclamation for volunteers, His Excellency directs the following information to be given for any organizations that may be made:

I. Companies of either cavalry or infantry will be received numbering 40 men, exclusive of the four commissioned officers. Larger companies will be preferred.

II. Companies elect their own company officers, and if they form into squadrons, battalions, or regiments, before being mustered into service, have also the right, under the act of Congress, of electing their own field officers. But if they tender the are mustered in as companies, before organizing into squadrons, battalions, or regiments the act of Congress gives the President the power to appoint the field officers. All, therefore, can elect both company and field officers if they desire to do so.

III. The purposes for which the Governor's proclamation, of the 26th of May last, was made, being substantially the same as those looked to by the proclamation now issued under the President's requisition, companies, squadrons, or regiments organized under the proclamation of the 26th of May, are requested to tender as now organized; or to reorganize and offer their services as part of the 8,000 required from the State.

By order of the Commander-in-Chief:

HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 23, 1863.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER,

Commanding Third Military District, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Stoke's report of the capture of certain negroes opposite Fields Point, has been received, and the commanding general takes pleasure in commending the zeal and address of the men engaged in the expedition. The negroes will be turned over to the provost-marshal in this city, that they may be returned to their respective owners on the first convenient opportunity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 23, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to communicate, for your information, the following indorsement of the commanding general on the communications

