
of Colonel Simonton, of the 9th, and of Captain F. D. Blake, of the 6th instant:

The project of a small battery, armed with ten guns, at Brimball's, on the Stono, cannot be approved, for the following reasons:

First. It would not prevent the passage up the river of monitors by day, and of gunboats, or even transports, by night.

Second. It could not prevent the landing of troops at Battery Island (and at Legare's, via Folly Creek), which could then take in rear the isolated battery at Grimball's.

Third. It could then be silenced in a few hours by batteries on the opposite shore of the Stono, assisted by monitors and gunboats in the river.

I have had for some time n contemplation a defensive line from Legare's to Grimball's, with a strong work at the latter, a battery at the former, and a system of lines in rear of Battery Island. I would have also, at the latter point, an outwork for infantry, to prevent its occupation by the enemy, but the want of labor and the hope of regaining possession of Cole's Island have delayed the execution of that project.

When Cole's Island was bandoned, the work at Battery Island should have been strengthened, and its armament increased in quantity and quality. Obstructions should also have been put in the river under the guns of the work, and a battery at Legare's should have been locate to guard the approach via Folly River Creek. This short line of works would have dispensed entirely with the long, weak, and expensive system adopted for the defense of James Island.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

Troops in the Fourth Military District, Brigadier General J. H. Trapier, C. S. Army, commanding, June 23, 1863.*

1st South Carolina Battalion (sharpshooters), Captain R. Chisolm.

German Artillery, Company A, Captain F. W. Wagener.

German Artillery, Company B, Captain F. Melchers.

Inglis Light Artillery,+ Lieutenant W. H. Jones.

Waccamaw Light Artillery, Lieutenant M. Ward.

21st Georgia Cavalry, Battalion, Companies, A, C, and D, Captain W. D. Russell.

21st Georgia Cavalry Battalion, Company B, Captain H. K. Harrison.

21st Georgia Cavalry Battalion, Company E, Captain R. F. Jones.

5th South Carolina Cavalry, Companies F and I, Captain A. H. Caughman.

Tucker's (South Carolina) Cavalry, Companies A and B, Captain J. H. Tucker.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 24, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received a letter of the 20th instant from Major General D. H. Maury, commanding at Mobile, an extract from which I send you, for the information of the War Department, to wit:

I have taken the best means in my power to procure early information of the enemy's movements with re-enforcements up the Mississippi. I cannot hear of any. I am satisfied none have gone into that river, unless within the past two or three cays. I can perceive no indications of an attack from any forces now here.

---------------

*Organized June 16; formerly known as Fifth Sub-Division, First District.

+Or Company D, Second South Carolina Artillery.

---------------

