
manding: Fifty-fourth Massachusetts (colored), Second South Carolina Volunteers (colored).

Second Division, Brigadier General Truman Seymour commanding.-First Brigade, Brigadier General I. Vogdes commanding: Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, Thirty-ninth Illinois, Sixty-second Ohio, Sixty-seventh Ohio, Seventh New Hampshire, Independent Battalion New York Volunteers [Enfants Perdus.] Second Brigade, Brigadier General George C. Strong commanding: Seventh Connecticut, Third New Hampshire, Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, Ninth Maine, Forty-eighth New York, Sixth Connecticut Volunteers.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Folly Island, S. C., July 6, 1863.

Colonel J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The engineering operations on the north end of this island are about complete; the ordnance and artillery also.

In connection with this, let me suggest that there is no officer here of sufficient rank or experience to command these batteries and that the matter be brought to the consideration of the general, in order to provide at once some suitable person to take charge of drills, &amp;c.

It will be very difficult to kept the buoys lighted as has been directed, because boat crews must remain at the lights all night, a labor that is excessive, and almost impracticable for soldiers to perform, and that is very sever upon the navy. Could this be modified so as to their being lighted only when occasion demands?

The laying of telegraph wire through this island should be done immediately, if possible, and arrangements be made to continue it still farther north.

The rebels are reported as tolerably active on the road from Morris to the main; otherwise everything is very quiet.

General Strong's brigade landed beautifully, and much of the credit is due to the perfect arrangements made by Captain Balch, U. S. Navy, whose hearty and cordial assistance, under all circumstances, it is a pleasure to acknowledge.

The Harriet A. Weed is sent to Edisto for small boats; the Island City is essential here, and is too light to tow the scows.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 60. Hilton Head, Port Royal, S. C., July 8, 1863.

I. No civil employe whose pay exceeds $50 per month shall receive rations from the Government.

II. All civil employes of the army, to whom rations are not issued, may purchase, at cost prices, from the subsistence department, to the amount of the cost of one ration, on the order of the officer who employs them.

