
I believe that for two weeks New Orleans has been left entirely without means of defense, and is so now.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, June 24, 1863.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 20th instant has just been received. I am aware of the defenseless condition of New Orleans, but the difficulties of getting there and of remaining there without iron-clads to support us are insurmountable obstacles. At present, a concentration of forces should be made, either against Grant or Banks, so as to relieve Pemberton or Gardner. The true motto of every general should, be, "United we stand, divided we fall," and the essence of the art of war is "to concentrate on the proper point at the right time." You understood correctly my instructions about going west. I will only leave here when the emergency contemplated shall have arisen; otherwise I must remain a silent but anxious spectator of the struggle going on elsewhere.

I thank you for the kind wishes contained in your letter, but I feel confident the defense of Mobile can be in no better hands than in those which now have charge of it.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel D. B. HARRIS,

Chief Engineer, Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to call your attention to the state of certain of the Savannah River batteries, as set forth in the following extracts from an inspection report made by Major Bryan, and request that as soon and as for as practicable the evils referred to may be remedied:

The magazine and bomb-proof of Hutchinson's Island Battery, being unserviceable from the water which oozes up into them (say 6 inches), the powder, fuses, friction-primers, &amp;c., are kept at the Bay Battery. The dam which surrounds this battery will soon require some rapier.

The guns of Bay Battery are not well placed to sweep the river (being too much retired). One is almost entirely covered by a mill, without any apparent compensation.

I would respectfully suggest that wooden or canvas covers be provided for the loaded shells kept there. The mortar battery becomes very wet and muddy after a rain. The shell-rooms are poor, and some loaded shells are kept in a wretched wooden shanty. Two chests of cartridges were found unlocked in a bomb-proof without any lock. The implements were too much exposed to the weather, and there were no baskets, and the covers do not keep the wet out of the bores.

* * * *

I would recommend that a wagon road be made, as soon as practicable, to the highlands, three-quarters of a mile from the battery, and the sand and sods required to strengthen it be hauled in tumbril carts.

* * * *

The magazine is in fair order, but requires sodding to preserve it. It is considerably

