
to the rear of the guns, and two service magazines would be an advantage, or, better, a new magazine on piling, nearer the guns. A bomb-proof is also desirable.

The magazine of the Cheves Battery was originally faulty in construction, being sunk so low as to make to the percolation of water from the tide, and most of the water from the roof ran toward the magazine door instead of from it; at least water came in twice and ruined about 1,600 pounds of powder, and then the tanks (some of which had been defective) containing cartridges were moved into a new magazine partly covered with sand at the opposite end. This requires immediate work, but is still too small at the opposite end. This requires immediate work, but is still too small for the whole battery, and the old magazine should be raised nd remolded without delay.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

Organization of the First Military District.

First Sub-Division (includes James Island and Saint Andrew's Parish), Colonel C. H. Simonton commanding.

Second Sub-Division (includes Sullivan's Island and Christ Church Parish), Colonel L. M. Keitt commanding.

Third Sub-Division (Morris Island), Colonel R. f. Graham commanding.

Fourth Sub-Division (Fort Sumter), Colonel Alfred Rhett commanding.

Castle Pinckney and Fort Ripley, Captain W. H. Peroneau commanding. Troops in Charleston, Lieutenant Colonel P. C. Gaillard, provost-marshal, commanding.

Infantry.

20th Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel L. M. Keitt (eleven companies), ten companies of infantry and Captain Sparks' Company of Cavalry attached to the regiment.

21st Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel R. F. Graham (ten companies).

25th Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel C. H. Simonton (ten companies).

Charleston Battalion, Major David Ramsay (six companies). One company of this battalion, Captain Miles', is acting as heavy artillery.

Light Artillery.

Santee Light Artillery, Captain C. Gaillard, unattached.

Palmetto Battalion Artillery, Lieutenant Colonel E. B. White (ten companies), of which six companies are in this district, viz, two light batteries, Captain Kanapaux's and Captain De Pass', and four companies are light batteries, but not in this district.

Heavy Artillery.

1st Regiment South Carolina Artillery, regulars, Colonel Alfred Rhett (ten companies); one company (A) is a light battery, under Captain Blake.

2nd Regiment South Carolina Volunteer Artillery (ten companies), Colonel A. D. Frederick.

Lucas' Battalion, Major J. J. Lucas. This battalion consisted originally of three companies of regulars, but three companies of volunteers have been recently attached to it, viz, the Gist Guard, Mathewes Artillery, and Company B, German Artillery. The last-named company is now in the Fourth Military District.

1st South Carolina Infantry Regulars [3rd South Carolina Artillery], Colonel William Butler, acting as heavy artillery.

Cavalry.

5th Regular South Carolina Volunteer Cavalry (ten companies), Lieutenant Colonel R. J. Jeffords.

11 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT II

