
for their information and concise remarks, should they consider it necessary to make any. The chief of staff will answer the two questions of Brigadier-General Ripley, as follows:

1. The commanding officer of a district is not forbidden to avail himself of such works as he may known to be necessary for the defense of any point of his command, which he can provide by means at his disposal, unless these works are planned and erected by engineer officers. But any works thus ordered by district commanders must be reported immediately, when practicable, to the general commanding, for his information, that he may prevent the construction of those he may consider unnecessary.

2. District commanders have no other control over works ordered by these headquarters, through the chief engineer or the department, than as already provided for in General Orders, Numbers 95, and Special Orders, Numbers 56.

District commanders can recommend at all times to these headquarters such works as they may consider necessary in their districts.

There can be, and should be, no question of rank between district commanders and engineers. The general commanding desires and expects complete harmony in the different branches of the service within the limits of this department; any act tending to destroy that good feeling and understanding which should exist between them will meet with his most unqualified disapproval.

The chief engineer of the department must be instructed to communicate verbally (or in writing when practicable), to district commanders, the plans and instructions of such works as he may have to construct in their district.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

Exhibit of location of troops in Second Military District, South Carolina, June 25, 1863.

Command.	 Commander.

Three companies Seventh	 Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson.

Battalion Infantry and

Schuls'z Light Battery.

One company Sixth Regiment	 Captain Walter.

Cavalry and section Light

Battery.

Seventh companies Sixth	 Major Ferguson.

Regiment Cavalry.

One company Seventh Battalion	 Captain Segars.

Infantry.

Marion Light Artillery.	 Captain Parker.

Four companies Seventh	 Major Rion.

Battalion Infantry.

Two companies Sixth Regiment	 Major Jenkins.

Cavalry, Stono Scouts, section

Washington Artillery.

Rebel Troop, Third Regiment	 do.

Cavalry.

Command.	 Location.

Three companies Seventh	 Near King Creek; one company

Battalion Infantry and	 infantry and section

Schuls'z Light Battery.	 artillery, picket at Wilton

 Bluff; tour of duty, four

 days.

One company Sixth Regiment	 At Anderson's Place, on

Cavalry and section Light	 railroad, midway between Pon

Battery.	 Pon and Ashepoo.

Seventh companies Sixth	 Near Adams Run.

Regiment Cavalry.

One company Seventh Battalion	 Near Simmons Bluff.

Infantry.

Marion Light Artillery.	 Do.

Four companies Seventh	 At Church Flats; one company

Battalion Infantry.	 in charge of all heavy

 batteries.

Two companies Sixth Regiment	 John's Island, near Haulover

Cavalry, Stono Scouts, section	 Cut.

Washington Artillery.

Rebel Troop, Third Regiment	 Picket on Wadmalaw, at

Cavalry.	 Rockville.

ADAMS RUN, June 25, 1863.

Respectfully submitted.

H. K. AIKEN,

Colonel, Commanding District.

