
III. The following will be the ration issued to negro women and men who are unable to work, and who are not employed by the Government:

Hard bread, at present rate, in lieu of flour; and to the 100 rations; 10 pounds of hominy, 4 pounds of soap, 5 pounds of salt, 2 quarts of molasses.

Tea, sugar, and bacon, at the usual rate, will be issued once per week.

IV. Negro families will be allowed an additional ration, at the above rates, for every three children below the age of fourteen.

V. Negroes employed in the army will receive the usual ration, and their commanding officer may purchase for them in the manner prescribed for commanding officers of companies.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, July 10, 1863.

(Received 3.50 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Gillmore wants me to telegraph you as follows:

PORT ROYAL, S. C., July 2, 1863.

We are destitute of serviceable horses here. Please order the Quartermaster's Department to send 500 good ones.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding.

I can send 200 in two or three days, by diverting 100 that are being shipped to New Berne.

STEWART VAN VLIET,

Quartermaster.

FLAG-STEAMER DINSMORE,

July 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General GILLMORE,

Commanding:

SIR: I have just received your note of this morning, and have already sent my flag lieutenant to say to you that it was 6 o'clock this morning when I heard of your movement. In fact, I have not yet received your message, for what I heard was but a report, which will inform you why the monitors are not in. I will be obliged if you will order your messenger always to deliver his message to me. Any vessel of my command will give facilities for that purpose.

An effort will be made to check the movement of the re-enforcements. I will also order up all our marines and increase them by sailors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral.

2 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT II

