
of 2,000 men on Seabrook Island, North Edisto. Nothing is positively known of the enemy's land forces at Hilton Head.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 131. Charleston, S. C., June 27, 1863.

* * * *

IV. Cavalrymen in the State of South Carolina, who are without and unable to procure horses, or who shall fail by the 5th day of July, 1863, to have effective horses, must be reported by name, company, and regiment, to these headquarters, without delay, for transfer from the cavalry arm. They will be allowed the option of being embodied together, to the number of at least 75 into a company, to be added to Abney's battalion of sharpshooters, or a company of light artillery, or such company of infantry or artillery in the State, under the maximum, as they may severally elect.

V. When the troops are detailed as working parties on fortifications they must be under the charge of one or more officers of the line (according to the strength of the detachment). Over works thus in progress, engineer officers have general supervision; they furnish, as far as practicable, the tools and material required, and the plans, and give to the officers of the line in immediate command of the details any explanation or instructions that may be wanted; but the latter alone are responsible for any delay that may occur from the manner in which the men shall executed the work. The engineer in charge, however, is expected to report to his chief any lack of energy and zeal on the part of the working parties, of which delinquency the district commander will be immediately notified by the chief engineer, and will promptly apply the necessary remedies.

* * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,

Charleston, June 28, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the number of the enemy's land forces in the district under my command, from the best and most available means in my power for ascertaining it, appears to be about 3,000 on Big Folly and 600 on Cole's Island. The reconnaissances from which this is derived have been made by scouts from Colonel Simonton's command, who have observed the enemy from a point on Long island, within 1 miles of Big Folly, from Legare's Landing, and from Battery Island.

The force on Cole's Island have a picket guard of about 20 strong on Dixon's Arm, and yesterday sent a scouting party on dixon's Island.

