
time, I would give you my views of the military operations in Mississippi, just before you get there, but I hoe to do so verbally one of these days.

With kind regards to old friends near you, I remain, as ever, yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 1, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The subject-matter of you communication of the 25th ultimo has been considered by the commanding general, who instructs me to acquaint you with his answers as follows, to two questions submitted by you:

First. The commanding officer of a district is not forbidden to avail himself of such works as he may be assured are necessary for the defense of any points or position within the limits of his command, and which he may be able to thrown up with the means at his disposal. But all such works must be reported as soon as practicable to the department commander for his information and for his orders, should he consider them in part or whole unnecessary.

Second. District commanders have no other control over works ordered for construction under the chief engineer than has been already provided for in General Orders, Numbers 95,* from these headquarters, and Special Orders, Numbers 56, same series [following], and paragraph V, Special Orders, Numbers 131, June 27, 1863.

The commanding general, however, will always be pleased to receive from district commanders any reports touching the manner in which works are executed within their departments, as also any recommendations or suggestions as to works regarded by them as necessary for the effective defense of their districts.

There can properly be no question of rank between a district or other commander and the engineer staff of these headquarters, who act simply under the orders of the commanding general, who hopes, moreover that hereafter there will be complete harmony between the different branches of the service in the department.

Any acts tending to destroy good feeling and produce irritations will meet his unqualified disapprobation.

The chief engineer will be instructed to communicate freely with district commanders concerning all works to be constructed in their districts.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 56. Charleston, S. C., March 4, 1864.

I. Whenever works laid out by the engineer department remain unfinished, or any of the works heretofore completed require repairs,
---------------

*See Series I, Vol, XIV, pp. 677-679.

---------------

