
FORT SUMTER, July 10, 1863.

Captain NANCE:

Colonel yates telegraphs me batteries gone. Colonel Graham is fighting them with infantry.

Let three companies of Charleston Battalion come down at once, if possible.* Have a light battery, with few horses, sent, if you can. Hold some infantry in reserve in town, and have some to be sent to Sullivan's Island, if required. What news from Simonton? Lieutenant Bee killed, Lieutenant Alston wounded.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, July 10, 1863-2.10.

General RIPLEY:

Savannah troops have come. Have sent the largest regiment, 600 men, to Simonton, and had the others bivouacked near the department, in case you was to send Keitt. This one is 500 strong. The batteries have this one.

WM. F. NANCE.

MORRIS ISLAND, July 10, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Send down all the infantry available from all points to me, with full ammunition and camp rations as can be procured immediately.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

SUMTER, July 10, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

for General JORDAN:

Our troops have been drawn back to Battery Wagner. Cumming's Point Battery has opened on the pursuers. Fort Sumter just opening. Monitors are shelling Battery Wagner.

I do not think it well to send more troops to Morris Island immediately, as there are enough there to crowd the works we hold. Has General Hagood arrived? Should any guns arrive, they had best be put in position first-White Point Battery.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, July 10, 1863.

General RIPLEY:

Will you not expedite matters to give the infantry I send you rations from the 45,000 I sent you down to-day, and let me send as much more as are needed to-morrow morning? Will send you three companies of Charleston Battalion, Olmstead's Georgia Volunteers, and the Citadel Cadets.

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*So ordered same day, to go under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Gillard.

---------------

