
An enlisted man will be detailed at each of these stations to receive, distribute, and forward communications.

General officers will give the provost-marshal-general every facility in men, horses, and camp equipments, to establish this line.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

JNO. W. TURNER,

Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, In the Field, on board U. S. Transport Numbers 3. Mary Benton, July 14, 1863.

Captain John M. Moore, assistant quartermaster, is hereby assigned to duty at these headquarters as chief quartermaster in the field, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 4. In the field, Morris Island, S. C., July 15, 1863.

I. The forces on Morris Island will be immediately encamped by brigades, and brigade commanders will give special attention that sinks are dug and a thorough police of camps be made daily.

II. Regimental, battalion, and detachment commanders will immediately report by name very officer and man absent from his command, and by what authority and where; and if absent without authority, to be reported on next morning report as a deserter, unless known to be a prisoner of war.

Careful note will be made by company commanders of officers and men absent from roll-calls at any time, that it may be entered on the next pay-roll for a stoppage of their pay during the time absent.

III. Guard mountings, parades, and roll-calls will be strictly observed, except by the troops on duty immediately in front, and on no account will guard mountings or parades be suspended, except by permission of division or brigade commanders when deemed inexpedient.

IV. The commanding general will hold every division, brigade, regimental, or company commander strictly accountable that this order be complied, and every officer, of whatever grade, failing to carry out this order, will be immediately relieved from his command and sent to the rear.

V. This order, with the exception of the first paragraph, applies to the whole command operating upon Morris, Folly, and James Islands.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 6. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., July 15, 1863.

I. All engineering operations, civil and military, connected with active operations in the field will be conducted under the immediate order and supervision of the department commander.

