
20 miles below Chattahoochee. At the Narrows I shall, during the sickly season, only keep such a guard as will protect the place, and shall put the troops at a more healthy point-from which they can be easily carried in the event of an attack to the batteries. My judgment, after the most thorough examination I have been able to give the subject is, that Apalachicola is the proper place to hold and occupy for the most satisfactory defense of the river. I can take the place any day with very little effort, and I can hold it if I could be furnished with the necessary guns. To do so, however, I must have an 8 or 10 inch columbiad, a rifled gun not less than 6.4-inch, and, if practicable, two or more 42-pounder, or even 32-pounder, smooth-bores.

With these additional guns, and the privilege of keeping the troops I now have and shall soon have, I feel confident that I could take and hold Apalachicola against any force likely to attack that place. I submit the question to the commanding general that he may cause me to be furnished with these guns, if, in his judgment, the policy I suggest should be adopted.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

P. S.-I should have stated that Apalachicola is the only healthy location on the river.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 21, 1863.

The project of occupying and fortifying Fort Gadsden is approved in consequence of the reasons given by Brigadier-General Cobb, but the importance of holding the Narrows must not be lost sight of.

It is probable that the free use of guanine would keep the garrison in comparatively good health. With regard to fortifying Apalachicola, its importance is admitted, but there are no heavy guns for that object, and it is impossible to tell now how long General Cobb will be permitted, by current events elsewhere, to keep the whole of this present force.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

SECESSIONVILLE, July 11, 1863-6.27.

(Received at Department Headquarters 8 p. m.)

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy are advancing upon us from the Legare causeway. Can we keep Dantzle's command?

C. H. SMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

JULY 11, 1863.

Colonel SIMONTON:

Dispatch received. Sorry could not leave Dantzler. Hold on and give the enemy a warm reception. The Charleston Battalion is ordered

