
Third. Obstructions must be put in the creeks near Battery Wagner (about 100 yards in front), and the one you are now building, to prevent boat surprises at night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 11, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Mil. Dist., Charleston, S. C.:

It would [be well] to order the troops and batteries in the vicinity of Fort Johnson, or such troops as may be disposable, too take position near the extreme left of eastern line at or near Mellicham's, to repulse the boat expedition through Light-House Inlet, allowing the boats to get as near as possible before opening on them. Our troops must be provided with good guides, and ought to be in position before high tide. It is probable a south attack is intended at the same time, the second one being near the extreme right of the eastern lines.

Communicate these ideas by telegraph to Colonel Simonton, and let him issue orders accordingly at once, unless he has good reasons for believing otherwise. Colonel A. J. Gonzales will hand you this letter, and may be able to give you some additional information.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 11, 1983.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Mil. Dist., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you of the expected arrival of ten companies from Savannah, and one brigade from Wilmington, N. C., and to direct that the necessary arrangements shall be made for their reception and disposition. A dispatch from General Mercer, just received, states that 75 artillerists and one 10-inch mortar, complete, left Savannah last night, the other four mortars will soon follows. These five mortars should be distributed between Sumter, Batteries Gregg (Cumming's Point), and Wagner, as you may think best, informing these headquarters of the disposition you may make of them.

The commanding general further directs the obstruction of the little creek on the flank of Battery Wagner, about 100 yards above, to prevent boat expeditions from turning that point at night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 11, 1863.

Colonel H. K. AIKEN,

Adams Run:

Work ordered by General Walker to protect bridge over Edisto must be completed. In case of emergency, confer with General Walker as to common defense of respective districts.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

