HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 12, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer:

COLONEL: The commanding general instructs me to say that immediate attention should be given to the question of defense by torpedoes in all available ways.

The Stono should be filled with any torpedoes that may have been prepared for that service, or which may be disposable, especially the floating or spar contrivance.

The Rains land torpedoes should also be established in the roads and approaches in advance of our lines on James Island.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 12, 1863.

Captain J. R. TUCKER,

Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Afloat, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: The presence of the enemy's monitors within the bar eminently endangers our works on Morris Island, the holding of which is so vital to the defense ultimately of Fort Sumter. It has, therefore, become an urgent necessity to destroy, if possible, part or all of these iron-clads, and may not this be done with means at our disposition?

The State gunboat and the torpedo ram, I am assured, can be speedily made ready to move with efficiency by steam, though unmilled. These and such of the steamers of light draught, like the Juno, if provided with the spar torpedo contrivance, together with the flotilla of iron boats already prepared for the service, could make nightly attempts to destroy one or more of the monitors; an event which I need not say would be of incalculable importance to the defense instructed to us.

To dislodge these monitors without endangering our own iron-clads, which should, if possible, be held in reserve as a part of the defense of the inner harbor in an emergency, I repeat ought to be effected, if possible, without loss of one hour that may be avoided.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 245. Charleston, July 12, 1863.

* * * *

II. The Thirty-first and Sixty-first [North Carolina] Regiments of Clingman's brigade will proceed early to-morrow morning to James Island and report to Brigadier-General Hagood.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Ripley:

WM. F. NANCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

