
CHARLESTON, S. C.,

July 13, 1863-5 p. m.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond:

I telegraphed yesterday. Enemy to-day is still active, and erecting batteries of heavy guns on middle of Morris Island. Five monitors, three gunboats, and two mortar-boats shelled at long range Batteries Wagner and Gregg on northern end of Morris Island part of the day, but thus far with little effect and very few casualties. One monitor went off, apparently disabled; four still left. Ironside is outside of bar.

Clingman's brigade has arrived; part of Colquitt's is on way from Wilmington.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 13, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Hold other two regiments of Colquitt's ready to move at moment's notice. All tolerably quiet here.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 13, 1863.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: You are aware of the inability of the State authorities, under the operation of the law, to meet my requisitions for slave labor, and can readily trace some of the consequences in the events of the past week. However, is there no course by which the defects of the law can, to some extent, be repaired, even at this late day?

Believing that there must be a remedy in the patriotism and intelligence of the planters of South Carolina, I shall invoke your executive proclamation to them in this exigent hour to send their negroes, with spades and shovels, to this city without an instant of delay or hesitation, to the extent of 3,000 effective laborers. This can be but an inappreciable subtraction from the labor resources of the people at this or any time. Each negro should be provided with at least three days' subsistence. The people of each district or neighborhood should select some overseer or manager for their negroes, who shall go and remain with them while they are employed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 13, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer:

COLONEL: In view of the operations of the enemy on Morris Island, and our inability to dislodge him by a coup de main with infantry,

