
II. The following-named officers are hereby announced as assistant engineers on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Captain T. B. Brooks, New York Volunteer Engineers, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant C. R. Suter, U. S. Engineer Corps; First Lieutenant P. S. Michie, U. S. Engineer Corps.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 178. Morris Island, S. C., July 15, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Captain L. L. Langdon, First U. S. Artillery, is hereby charged with direction of all the artillery on Morris Island, pending present operations. He will superintend the placing in position of the artillery and material required, and will make use of the officers, men, and material of the light batteries to this end, as may be directed from these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Seymour:

P. R. CHADWICK,Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 9. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., July 17, 1863.

The several batteries established against the enemy's positions on the north end of Morris Island are named as follows, viz:

First. Battery Reynolds, in advance, comprising five 8-inch siege mortars, two 30-pounder and six 10-pounder Parrotts, four 3-inch rifles, and two Wiard rifles.

Second. Battery Weed, in rear of the right of Battery Reynolds, comprising five 10-inch mortars.

Third Battery Hays, in rear and on the left of Battery Reynolds, comprising seven 30 and four 20 pounder Parrott rifles.

Fourth. Battery O'Rorke, in rear of the right of Battery Hays, comprising five 10-inch siege mortars.

Captain Langdon, First U. S. Artillery, is assigned to the command of Batteries Reynolds and Weed.

Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, assistant inspector-general, with Major Bailey, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, as assistant, is assigned to the command of Batteries Hays and O'Rorke.

The batteries will be opened on Fort Wagner immediately after break of day to-morrow.

The firing must be executed with great care and deliberation.

The object of the rifled guns being principally to dismount the enemy's guns, they will not expend ammunition when their view of the enemy's works is obstructed by smoke.

Both time fuses and percussion shells will be used, preferably the former.

Each mortar will fire once every five minutes, alternating from

