
CIRCULAR ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S. FORCES, MORRIS ISLAND, Numbers 1. Battery Wagner, July 15, 1863.

The commanding general relies upon the patriotism, gallantry, and discipline of the command to make a successful defense of the important positions which they have been selected to defend.

To secure discipline -

1. Officers commanding regiments and other distinct commands will constantly keep their troops well in hand, and under all circumstances and at all times be present with them. They will be held strictly accountable for the conduct of their subordinates, and they will immediately arrest and report to these headquarters any officer guilty of neglect of or inattention to duty.

2. Should the exigency require it, officers will shoot down without hesitation any soldier who refuses to obey an order or turn out promptly for the performance of any duty required, or also leaves his post without permission.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 16, 1863 - 9.30 a. m.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

All quiet yesterday. Enemy working diligently on his Morris Island batteries. Ironsides and several gunboats have crossed the bar. Another attack is expected soon on Batteries Wagner and Gregg. Am preparing for it.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 16, 1863 - 9.45 p. m.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

We attacked part of enemy's forces on James Island this morning, and drove them to the protection of their gunboats in Stono, with small loss on both sides. Enemy is massing his troops on Morris Island, evidently for another attack on Battery Wagner this night or to-morrow. Their monitors, gunboats, and mortar-boats kept up an almost constant fire all day on that work, with little damage to it and few casualties.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 16, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to say that he wishes the batteries on James Island (about Legare's) bearing on Black Island to be increased by at least twenty guns on siege carriages.

