
Captain Buckner's company, from Battery Wagner to Fort Johnson.

Captain Adams' and Captain Tatom's companies, First South Carolina [Regular] Infantry, from Battery Wagner, to Battery Bee, Sullivan's Island.

The quartermaster will furnish transportation, and these troops should embark and disembark at Cumming's Poins about half past 8 p. m.

Twenty-first Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, from Fort Johnson, to Battery Wagner, Morris Island.

II. That portion of the Eleventh South Carolina Volunteers now in this district will repair, without delay, to Ashepoo Bridge, Charleston and Savannah Railroad, the commanding officer reporting to Brigadier-General Walker, commanding the Third Military District.

By command of Brigadier-General Ripley.

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

July 20, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The batteries from Shell Point to Fort Johnson being nearly completed, and some of the guns in position, it becomes necessary to guard them strongly at night with infantry. The same must be done with regard to the new lines of batteries from Legare's Point toward the extremity of the eastern lines on James Island. Everything must be put in readiness for all those batteries to open at a moment's notice.

The accumulation, last night, of the enemy's barges, with armed men, among the fleet, would seem to indicate one of two things - either to re-enforce his troops on Morris Island for another attack, by landing a strong party between Batteries Wagner and Gregg, or to make an attempt on Sullivan's Island.

The renewal of the shelling to-day with such vigor would incline me to believe that the first will be attempted, but prudence demands that we should guard against both; hence, I beg that you should adopt all the necessary measures to frustrate their designs.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 20, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: It is the order of the commanding general that, as speedily as possible, you have an inspection made of the flats between Morris and James Islands, for the purpose of ascertaining if it would be possible to cross men on foot from one island to the other at low water.

