
In making this inspection, he does not wish it merely confined to the shore, but extended as well to the character of the bottom and depth of water directly across between the two islands.

When completed, the result of this inspection will be reported to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA.,Charleston, July 20, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel L. M. Hatch, who will please carry out the instructions of the commanding general, and report the result of his observations to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Ripley:

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. S. ENGINEER OFFICE,

Charleston, July 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel D. B. HARRIS,

Chief Engineer of Department:

COLONEL: Captain M. M. Gray has taken down 56 10-inch shells, with water-proof caps, for planting in front of Battery Wagner to-night. There are no Rains torpedoes to be had. These shells will answer the purpose, being arranged with the same caps as Rains.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ECHOLS,

Major, and Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 253. Charleston, July 20, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. The following movements of troops will be made to-night, beginning as early as possible:

The Twenty-first Regiment, South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Graham, from Fort Johnson to Morris Island (Battery Wagner).

A detachment of Captain Gregg's company, siege train, with two 8-inch siege howitzers, from western lines, James Island, to Battery Wagner, Morris Island, to embark at Fort Johnson.

A detachment of Captain De Pass' company from Millechamp's, James Island, to Battery Wagner, to embark at Fort Johnson.

Fifteen men of Fifth South Carolina Cavalry, with their horses, from the city to Morris Island.

Detachment of men and horses of the Fifth South Carolina Cavalry from Morris Island to the city.

The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

