
III. Colonel A. D. Frederick, Second South Carolina Volunteer Artillery, will relieve Colonel R. F. Graham, commanding post at Fort Johnson.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Ripley:

WM. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

July 21, 1863 - 9 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy recommenced shelling Wagner yesterday, with few casualties on our part. We had in battle of 18th about 150 killed and wounded. Enemy, including prisoners, about 2,000. Nearly 800 were buried under flag of truce. Colonel Putnam, acting brigadier, and Colonel Shaw, commanding negro regiment, were killed.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 21, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Can you not spare us two Whitworth guns and ammunition for the contest, to be used at long range against enemy's wooden vessels, so annoying to Battery Wagner.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 21, 1863.

Brigadier General H. COBB,

Commanding District of Middle Florida, Quincy, Fla.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 10th instant, the commanding general directs me to say that the project of occupying and fortifying Fort Gadsden is approved, for the reasons set forth by you; but he cautions particularly that the importance of holding the Narrows must not be lost sight of in the disposition of troops for sanitary purposes. It is probable the free use of quinine as a part of the daily ration would keep the garrison in comparatively good health.

With regard to fortifying Apalachicola, the importance of the measure is admitted, but, unfortunately, there are no heavy guns which can at present be spared for that object, and it is impossible to tell now how long the general commanding will be permitted, by current events elsewhere to keep even the whole of his present force. Your plans, therefore, against this, although meeting his full sanction, will, for the time being, have to be abandoned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

