
ture for such a contingency. This appeal may possibly succeed, but in all probability will noto. In the latter case, I have but one resource more, it is to ask from your office the authority to make the necessary impressment myself.

Such an impressment cannot fall heavily upon the planting interest at this time. The planters are now laying by their crops, and, before the impressment could be carried out, planting operations will have been brought to a close until harvest.

Could I obtain as many negroes as I desire for the month of August only, much, though not all, could be effected. And it appears to me that the State of Georgia and the Confederacy would purchase the safety of Savannah (one of the principal guaranties of the possession of Augusta) at a cheap rate even if it cost them the labor of a thousand slaves yearly as long as the war may last.

I have, therefore, the honor to request of you such authority as will enable me, in case of the refusal of Governor Brown to act in the matter, to impress such a number of slaves for such a time as I shall find necessary to insure the safety of Savannah.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 27, 1863.

The power to impress in such exigency must be given, but the terms of the law should be strictly pursued. It is very desirable the impressment should be made under the authority of the State of Georgia, but, in case of the Governor's refusal, the general must act under the Congressional law.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT, SOUTH CAROLINA,Adams Run, July 21, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that our forces under Major Jenkins have taken possession of Seabrook Island, and find it entirely evacuated by the enemy. One gunboat still lies in North Edisto River, opposite Rockville.

The enemy have disappeared from Ashepoo River, and the re-enforcements from Third Military District ordered to report to General Walker.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. AIKEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 254. Charleston, July 21, 1863.

I. Captain Johnson, with his Parrott guns, will report forthwith to Brigadier-General Colquitt at his headquarters, James Island.

* * * * * * *

