
wharf, subject to your orders. He offers you also 50 McEvoy fusses, which are said to be the best known. The commodore says that the maximum charge for Brooke guns is 16 pounds of powder.

Please return me my sketch of the attack on Fort Pulaski.

If your boat is not in use this afternoon, I desire visiting Fort Sumter with Governor Bonham at 5 p. m.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, July 22, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I consider it advisable not to open fire with the works about Shell Point until entirely completed; otherwise the return fire of the enemy will compel us to work upon them only at night, thereby delaying them.

A vigorous and constant fire with guns and mortars should be kept up on the enemy's works (especially at and about Vinegar Hill) from Wagner, Gregg, and Sumter. No way of annoying them should be omitted; even sorties at night to fill up their rifle-pits, spike their guns, &amp; c., should be resorted to whenever the night will favor such operations.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

July 22, 1863.

Major HUTSON LEE,

Chief Quartermaster, & c.:

MAJOR: It is the wish of the commanding general that two or three cords of rich "light wood" should be sent to Morris Island, for use in Battery Wagner in an emergency; that is, to burn the bomb-proofs and gun carriages there, in the event that work has to be abandoned.

Please confer with General Ripley on the subject, and ascertain his wishes.

May not the wood be sent down, by a flat or rowboat, directly to Battery Wagner at night, and thus save land transportation?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 255. Charleston, July 22, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. The following movement of troops will take place to-night, too be completed at the very earliest possible moment after dark:

The Eighth North Carolina Regiment, from Sullivan's Island, to Battery Wagner, Morris Island.

