
CHARLESTON, S. C., July 28, 1863.

The conference took place in the evening of the 24th, Brigadier-Generals Ripley and Jordan being present. General Ripley and Commodore Ingraham were of the opinion that only twenty chances out of one hundred were in favor of success. Captain Tucker thought there were thirty in one hundred. I thought the chances of success much less, but sill authorized General Ripley to make all necessary inquiries to carry out the plan, if approved, at the proper time.

I telegraphed the War Department on the 25th instant for authority to carry out the project, but no answer has yet been received.

On the 27th instant, Commodore Ingraham informed me that, after further reflection on the subject, he had come to the conclusion that the chances of success could not be considered greater than about five in one hundred, which I told him agreed somewhat with my views, for I did not think the chances could be greater than ten in one hundred.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 256. Charleston, July 23, 1863.

I. The following movements of troops are ordered, and will be carried into effect at the earliest possible moment after dusk this evening, the quartermaster's department furnishing transportation:

Company B, Lucas' battalion, from Fort Pemberton, to Battery Wagner, Morris Island.

Captain Mathewes company of artillery, from Sullivan's Island, to Battery Wagnere, Morris Island.

Captain Peronneau's company, First South Carolina Artillery, from Battery Wagner to Sullivan's Island.

Company A, Lucas' battalion, from Battery Wagner to Fort Pemberton.

II. The Twentieth Regiment, South Carolina Volunteers, which was not removed from Morris Island last night, as ordered, will be returned without fail to Sullivan's Island, and the extra horses belonging to Colonel Jeffords' cavalry will be returned to the city.

III. Brigadier-General De Saussure, South Carolina militia, will assume command of the troops in this city, and will conform to all existing orders which relate to details and guards.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Ripley:

WM. F. NANCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, July 24, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

The 7-inch Brooke gun, referred to in your dispatch, has already been turned over by the Navy Department to the military, and is subject to your orders.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

