HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 25, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer:

COLONEL: It is the wish of the commanding general that two batteries for two columbiads each shall be constructed between Fort Moultrie and Battery Beauregard, Sullivan's Island.

He also wishes you to determine what new batteries for 24-pounders, or 32-pounders, may be required between Batteries Beauregard and Marshall, to be constructed by Clingman's brigade, after consultation with General Ripley, the object being to replace the fire of Fort Sumter, which was liable to be silenced sooner or later by the Federal batteries being erected on Morris Island.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Brigadier General R. S. Ripley.)
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 25, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: The commander of the forces is of the opinion that it will be judicious to reduce the command in occupation of Morris Island to 1,200 men, of which only the minimum garrison should be kept in Battery Wagner during the day. Should this accord with jour views, you will please give the proper orders in the premises.

May it not be well to place several of the mortars, now in Fort Sumter, in the parade at that post, for the purpose of shelling Morris Island?

The fire of Fort Sumter and Batteries Gregg and Simkins (Shell Point), the commanding general thinks, should be concentrated on the field included between Battery Wagner and the Graham house, day and night; that is, say one gun from the batteries collectively at least every ten minutes, or possibly every five minutes, during the night. Each battery should be informed from district headquarters of the exact range from thence to Batteries Gregg and Wagner, respectively, and must mark plainly the direction of each piece, so that at night there may be no difficulty in getting the range with accuracy and celerity.

A rifle-pit, if not already thrown up, should be made from Battery Gregg to high-water line on its right and left flank.

Is is thought that some of the firing from Battery Gregg is not as accurate as could be secured with more deliberation. Please caution the zealous and active young officer in command there on this point.

The commanding general particularly desires to know what guns have already been removed from Fort Sumter since the 10th instant, and to what points transferred.

He also desires hereafter a daily report as to the removal and disposition of Fort Sumter's guns.

