
float, near the mouth of the creek which sets up around James Island. They were thought to be rebel spies. As a matter of precaution, I sent a piece of artillery, with an infantry support of 40, down to that point to remain on duty during the night. Nothing further of a suspicious character was observed.

As this is one of the most exposed points on Folly River, I would suggest the propriety of having a light-draught gunboat rum up and lay off the mouth of the creek every night, which would pretty effectually guard all the approaches from that quarter. I have detailed wood-choppers, and the axes will be ready at about 1 o'clock, when they will be immediately set at work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., July 20, 1863.

Captain LOOMIS L. LONGDON,

Chief of Light Artillery, Morris Island:

SIR: In accordance with instructions from the brigadier-general commanding the department, the 30-pounder and 20-pounder Parrotts and the mortars will immediately open fire upon Fort Wagner, each piece to fire once in fifteen minutes.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, July 21, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant, by the hands of Colonel Bell, Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, suggesting that I send, to re-enforce Major-General Banks, such troops as I can spare from active operations here, unless I should in the meantime hear of the success of General Grant at Vicksburg, or General Banks at Port Hudson.

The official report of the surrender of Vicksburg, and apparently reliable information of like success at Port Hudson, relieves me from the operations of the order, even if it were possible to comply with it, without stopping all offensive operations here. It is not only impossible to spare troops from this department, but there is an imperative demand for re-enforcements here.

The enervating influence of the climate here, especially when the men are constantly on fatigue duty, together with the casualties from three severe battle, had reduced my effective force in the field about one-third.

I urgently ask for 8,000 or 10,000 effective old troops, and that orders be issued to give the regiments in this department the preference in getting drafted men.

I feel that the successes in other departments will render it practicable to give me these re-enforcements, or I should not urge it.

