
CHARLESTON, S. C., July 26, 1863.

Colonel J. S. PRESTON,

Columbia, S. C.:

Cars of the Charlotte Railroad, during present emergency, loaded with guns or ammunition for this place, must be sent through without being unloaded. Take measures to enforcee this.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 26, 1863.

Colonel D. B. HARRIS,

Chief Engineer, Charleston, S. C.:

COLONEL: It is desirable as soon as a battery is nearly completed and ready for its armament, that you should inform these headquarters, the district headquarters, and the chief of ordnance of the fact, in order that its armament should be sent to it without loss of time.

Please report how many batteries are now ready for their guns.

There are at the arsenal several thousand (about 3,000) lances or pikes, which could be advantageously used as chevaux-de-frise in front of Battery Wagner, or palisades in the ditch; they could be obtained on a requisition. Please have the matter attended to at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., July 26, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have to report that Battery Haskell is ready for four mortars and eleven siege guns; also one chamber ready to receive the platform (columbiad). On the extreme point the platform has gone down. Battery Simkins, advanced work, three guns mounted; second work, two mortars mounted; third work, one mortar mounted. Battery Bee, three platforms (columbiads) ready; new work, four chambers ready for the platforms and three mortar platforms ready. Ordnance officer has already been notified.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ECHOLS.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 259. Charleston, July 26, 1863.

I. The following movements of troops are ordered, and will be carried into effect at the earliest possible moment after dusk this evening, the quartermaster's department furnishing transportation;

Sixth Georgia Regiment, from Fort Johnson, to Battery Wagner, Morris Island.

