
tery Wagner, and fill its place with a Dahlgren 9-inch or an 8-inch naval gun, on columbiad carriage, to fire under great elevation on the works in advance of Battery Wagner?

The other empty chambers on Battery Gregg might also be filled with 8-inch naval guns.

Those ordered to Battery Cheves are intended to be used in like manner, with about 8 pounds of powder and a great elevation, somewhat like elongated mortars.

Please report for Commodore Ingraham all the circumstances of the bursting of the 6.40 Brooke gun, giving the number of times fired, the charge, elevation, nature of fracture, &amp; c.

It is important Battery Simkins should have a sufficient infantry guard, with two field pieces, every night, to prevent the enemy from spiking the guns and destroying the battery. One of my inspectors informs me that the guard consists of less than 40 men.

Would it noe expedite matters, in case the troops have to evacuate Morris Island, to land a part of them at once at Sumter, and thence distribute them at leisure to their point of destination?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 27, 1863.

Captain J. R. TUCKER, C. S. NAVY,

Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Afloat, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: Will it not be possible for you to place your two ships, the iron-clads, in a position immediately contiguous to Cumming's Point - that is, at a point within 1 1/2 miles, your maximum range, as I understand, of the enemy's nearest line of land batteries - whence, with your Brooke and other guns, you can take part in the operations against those batteries, and materially strengthen our means of defense and hold on Morris Island.

Doubtless the iron-clad vessels of the enemy would attempt to drive you away, and you might possibly have to retire, but not without forcing them to be brought under the heavy guns of Battery Gregg and the batteries on Sullivan's Island, as also of Fort Sumter.

An important diversion would be effected, at least, and it is presumed you could always retire in time to avoid serious consequences from an unequal conflict.

The question for determination would appear to be whether there is water enough at any point near enough to Cumming's Point to enable you to take up a position within 2,600 yards of any battery of the enemy on Morris Island, and this can only be determined definitely, I apprehend, by sounding, which I hope you will have made without delay.

The time to take the position, if practicable at all, would be as soon as the enemy begins a serious bombardment again of Battery Wagner, which may be anticipated at any moment.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

