
STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Charleston, July 27, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your information a copy of certain resolutions brought me by Mr. Miles, of which, it seems, the whole country was misinformed; also a copy of a letter received from the President.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Inclosures.]

Numbers 74. - JOINT RESOLUTION on the subject of retaliation.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America (in response to the message of the President transmitted to Congress at the commencement of the present session), That, in the opinion of Congress, the commissioned officers of the enemy ought not be delivered to the authorities of the respective States, as suggested in the said message, but all captives taken by the Confederate forces ought to be dealt with and disposed of by the Confederate Government.

SEC. 2. That, in the judgment of Congress, the proclamation of the President of the United States, dated, respectively, September 22, 1862, and January 1, 1863, and the other measures of the Government of the United States, and of its authorities, commanders, and forces, designed or tending to emancipate slaves in the Confederate States, or to abduct such slaves, or to incite them to insurrection, or to employ negroes in war against the Confederate States, or to overthrow the institution of African slavery, and bring on a servile war in these States, would, if successful, produce atrocious consequences, and they are inconsistent with the spirit of those usages which, in modern warfare, prevail among civilized nations; they may, therefore, be properly and lawfully repressed by retaliation.

SEC. 3. That in every case wherein, during the present war, any violation of the laws or usages of war among civilized nations shall be, or has been, done and perpetrated by those acting under the authority of the Government of the United States, on the persons or property of citizens of the Confederate States, or of those under the protection or in the land or naval service of the Confederate States, or of any State of the Confederacy, the President of the Confederate States is hereby authorized to cause full and ample retaliation to be made for every such violation, in such manner and to such extent as he may think proper.

SEC. 4. That every white person, being a commissioned officer, or acting as such, who, during the present war, shall command negroes or mulattoes in arms against the Confederate States, or who shall arm, train, or organize, or prepare negroes or mulattoes for military service against the Confederate States, or who shall voluntarily aid negroes or mulattoes in any military enterprise, attack, or conflict in such service, shall be deemed as inciting servile insurrection, and shall, if captured, be put to death, or be otherwise punished at the discretion of the court.

SEC. 5. Every person being a commissioned officer or acting as such, in the service of the enemy, who shall, during the present war excite, attempt to excite, or cause to be excited, a servile insurrection,

