
or who shall incite or cause to be incited a slave to rebel, shall, if captured, be put to death, or be otherwise punished at the discretion of the court.

SEC. 6. Every person charged with an offense punishable under the preceding resolutions shall, during the present war, be tried before the military court attached to the army or corps by the troops of which he shall have been captured, or by such other military court as the President may direct, and in such manner and under such regulations as the President shall prescribe, and, after conviction, the President may commute the punishment in such manner and on such terms as he may deem proper.

SEC. 7. All negroes and mulattoes who shall be engaged in war, or be taken in arms against the Confederate States, or shall give aid or comfort to the enemies of the Confederate States, shall, when captured in the Confederate States, be delivered to the authorities of the State or States in which they shall be captured, to be dealt with according to the present or future laws of such State or States.

TH. S. BOCOCK,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS,

President of the Senate.

Approved May 1, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

Department of Justice.

I do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of an act of the Congress of the Confederate States of America, approved on the 1st day of May, 1863, and of which the original roll is deposited in this office.

In faith whereof I have hereunto signed my name and affixed the seal of this Department, at Richmond, this 23rd day of July, 1863.

T. H. WATTS,

Attorney-General.

RICHMOND, July 21, 1863.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of the 17th instant, presented by the Honorable W. P. Miles. Before its receipt, General Beauregard had requested a further supply of Brooke and other heavy guns, and I had directed attention to his request.

It would be useless to recount our losses or the delays and disappointments which have attended our efforts to manufacture heavy guns. The result is, we have a very inadequate supply to meet the present wants of the service.

From the few on hand, it was ordered that two Brooke rifled guns, 9,000 pounds and 6.4-inch caliber, should be sent for use in the present defense of Charleston.

One large triple-banded 7-inch Brooke gun will, it is reported, be completed this week, when it can also be sent.

These guns are for naval armament, but are not immediately required for that purpose, and I hope will, in the meantime, prove serviceable at Charleston.

