
The siege of Fort Wagner should be pushed, and men enough to do all the hard work, without undue physical exertion, should be spared for that purpose.

I shall husband my strength until re-enforcements arrive.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER DINSMORE,

Off Morris Island, July 21, 1863.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Dept. of the South, Morris Island, S. C.:

SIR: I assure you it would give me such pleasure to furnish one of the columns for attacking Fort Wagner.

There is, however, at this time an inconvenient reduction of the number of seamen in the squadron just when the duties are much increased, and my whole force of marines only amounts to 280 men.

I regret, therefore, my inability to offer any force which could form a column sufficient for an assault.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Folly Island, S. C., July 21, 1863.

Major E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have just received the report of Captain [True] Sanborn, jr., commanding the advanced picket on the island opposite Secessionville, who states that his line is unbroken, and that there are no indications of an advance of the enemy from that quarter. I learn, however, from the soldier who brings in the report, that the enemy were seen this morning moving, in the direction of Charleston, what had the appearance of light artillery. The teams of six horses were distinctly made out. I thought it advisable to communicate this for the information of the brigadier-general commanding.

I remain, yours, respectfully,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 4. Morris Island, S. C., July 21, 1863.

The officers named below are hereby announced as the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Dr. Samuel A. Green, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, medical director; Major J. I. Plimpton, Third New Hampshire, assistant inspector-general; Captain Adrian Terry, U. S. Volunteers,

