
defense of Charleston is imperatively required, and the convictions of all being in concurrence with the propriety of this declaration and the necessity which has called it forth, it devolves upon the officers of the Confederate court who are in Charleston the duty of remaining at their post and contributing whatever aid they can give to the military service in which they have engaged for the present emergency.

Their necessary presence in the city will render it impossible to hold the stated term of this court at Greenville on the first Monday in August. The term will be adjourned, and the marshal will discharge the jurors who may be in attendance, and notify witnesses who are under recognizance to be and appear at the next term of the court, of which they will be duly notified by the marshal.

A. G. MAGRATH.

Attest:

H. Y. GRAY, Clerk.
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,Charleston, July 29, 1863.

Major R. M. CUYLER,

Macon:

Please send to me rifle projectiles for 24, 32, and 42 pounders, with ratchet sabots, at once, if possible.

J. R. WADDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,Charleston, July 29, 1863.

Major J. T. TREZEVANT,

Commanding Arsenal:

MAJOR: Can you not possibly furnish us with some 32 and 42 pounder shell, with ratchet sabots? Sumter cannot use some of her guns now for want of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. JAQUELIN SMITH,

Captain of Artillery, Assistant Chief of Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT, S. C.,Adams Run, July 29, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: There have been for several days past, in this military district, no movements of the enemy of any importance.

This morning one transport arrived form the south with troops, which were landed on Folly Island. Two transports passed Stono Inlet, going north, crowded with troops. Two or three vessels pass north and south daily; their destination not known.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. AIKEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

