HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., July 29, 1863.

Colonel H. K. AIKEN,

Commanding Second Military District, Adams Run, S. C.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 28th instant has been submitted for the information of the commanding general, who directs me to say, in reply, that it is out of his power to furnish you with any re-enforcements, every man he has near this city being needed for its defense. He relies upon the intelligence and activity of General Walker and yourself for every practicable exertion to repel any attack made within the limits of your respective districts, and trusts that, by rapid concentration and a cordial support of each other, you will always be able to meet the enemy with a superior force and drive him back.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA.,

Charleston, S. C., July 29, 1863.

Messrs. JOHN FRASER &amp; CO., W. C. BEE & CO., GIBBS & CO., A. S. JOHNSON, Eesq., H. COBIA, Esq., HENRY HART, THEO. ANDREW, Esq., and Captain FERGUSON:

On the representation of the Chief of the Niter and Mining Bureau, War Department, of the urgent necessity for an early and constant increase of the supplies of saltpeter, pig-lead, Scotch pig-iron, and zinc, for the use of the C. S. Ordnance Department, the commanding general directs me to notify you of these necessities of the service, and to invoke your assistance with the vessels with which you are concerned.

It will be confidently expected that you will issue such instructions to your agents in Nassau and Europe as to cause them to import by each ship under your control, either to Wilmington or Charleston, say, an average of 20 tons of these munitions on each voyage, saltpeter and lead being most needed at present.

I am assured Professor Holmes, of the Niter and Mining Bureau, Charleston, will be ready to receive and pay promptly for these articles.

Major Heyliger, at Nassau, will be instructed to arrange for the shipment of any of these stores belonging to the Ordnance Department at that port; but it is the chief object of this communication to acquaint you of this urgent need of the Government, and to induce you to engage in the importation of the supplies, to the limited extent, at least, I have indicated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

(Copies sent for information of Major General W. H. C. Whiting, Wilmington, N. C.; Colonel J. Gorgas, Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.; Lieutenant Colonel I. M. St. John, Chief of Niter and Mining Bureau, Richmond, Va.; Major L. Heyliger, C. S. Government agent, Nassau, New Providence; Professor Holmes, Niter and Mining Bureau, Charleston, S. C.)

