
mets of infantry so located at night on Sullivan's Island as to prevent any surprise. The habitual force on Morris Island he desires reduced to 1,000 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 3, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: The movements of the enemy indicate that they will make a landing to the southward, in view of which event the commanding general instructs me to direct you to hold two regiments of infantry (one of which should be Harrison's Georgia regiment, if possible), in readiness to move at a moment's notice, to proceed to Savannah, with three days' cooked rations in haversacks.

The commanding general instructs me to say, further, that you will order Brigadier-General Taliaferro to hold himself in readiness to move at a moment's notice to Savannah, for temporary duty.

Major Lee has been directed to have the transportation for the troops in readiness on the Savannah road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, August 3, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I received a communication on yesterday from Captain J. r. Tucker, flag-officer, commanding afloat, stating that until he can procure officers and a crew for the torpedo-boat he will not be prepared to receive the vessel.

Under these circumstances, I should be happy to receive instructions as to retaining or discharging the present crew. My difficulty is increased from the fact that there arena means at my disposal to meet present and accumulating obligations. I have written to Captain Carlin,a t whose instigation the vessel was prepared for service, and who is cognizant of all the pecuniary arrangements, to take immediate steps toward a final settlement. From the evidence of every one connected with the vessel, she has exceeded, both in speed and seaworthiness, the expectations of all, and I yet hope will accomplish some important service in the defense of the city.

Although feeling a regret at disconnecting myself from an enterprise which seemed to promise so much, yet I feel a duty I owe myself and the service to respectfully request to be relieved from my present duties immediately on the adjustment of the claims now existing against the ram, and to be assigned to active duty in the field.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS D. LEE,

Captain and Engineers.

