HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, SOUTH CAROLINA MILITARY,Charleston, August 3, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I beg leave to submit to you, for your consideration, the following extract from a letter just received from one of Brigadier General W. S. Walker's staff, dated McPhersonville, August 2, 1863.

A recent raid was made, by order of General Walker, on Barnwell Island by some of our troops, under command of Captain M. J. Kirk. Thirty-one negroes were captured, 4 of whom are men, the rest women and children. Three of the men had been drafted for the Second South Carolina Regiment, but had run away; 2 of them were there a week and 1 three weeks. They represent many of the negroes as being very unwilling to be made soldiers of but say they are forced to be, and are even hunted down in the woods and marshes to be taken. Several have been shot in the effort to take them. Some of our own negroes volunteer. Most of the negroes are left on the plantations, and plant provisions under a white superintendent. The task they do is about the same they did for us. One-half of the produce goes to the Yankees, the rest to the negroes. They are not clothed or fed by the United States Government. Most of them have, they say, the clothes their owners gave them, except what they have purchased for themselves. They make a little money by selling eggs, chickens, watermelons, &amp;c. They represent that many of the negroes would be very willing to come back to their owners if they could, but that their boats have all been taken, and they are told if they come to us we will shoot them. Others are perfectly content to remain.

The negroes from the Combahee raid were all carried to Beaufort. the infirm men, women, and children were left there, and the prime men, without being allowed to go on shore, were carried to Hilton Head, and from there to Folly Island, to work on the batteries. Most of them objected to be made soldiers of or work on the entrenchments, but were forced off.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILMOT G. DE SAUSSURE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Brigadier S. C. Militia.

P. S.-The above extract is respectfully submitted for consideration, and may or not give information already possessed at headquarters; but deeming it important that all such matters should be communicated, this is respectfully forwarded.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 145. Morton, Miss., August 3, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

VIII. The brigade of Brigadier-General Evans, attached to Major-General French's division, with the exception of the artillery and horses, will proceed immediately to Savannah, Ga.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., August 4, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Nothing new since last report. Enemy still increasing his batteries. No casualties on Morris Island yesterday.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

