
CHARLESTON, S. C., August 4, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Savannah, Ga.:

No danger whatever of surprise now. We must know what the enemy is doing before moving troops. It is still very doubtful whether he will attack both placeds at once.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, August 4, 1863.

Brigadier General M. W. RANSON, Weldon, N. C.:

The following dispatch just received. Have you any reliable information on the subject? State your opinion and answer promptly by telegraph.

BURWELL'S BAY, August 3, 1863.

Troops have been sent down to Charleston. Every available man from this department has gone. The Baltimore mal steamers have been taken from the purpose of transportation.

C. H. CAUSEY.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 4, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: The commanding general instructs me to direct the following changes and disposition of ordnance in your command:

1. You will transfer an 8-inch shell gun, on a columbiad platform, from platform, from Battery Glover to the southeast angle of Redoubt Numbers 1, east lines of James Island, in place of a 32-pounder smooth-bore, which you will place in position in the same work on its southeast face, if practicable.

2. You will place in position at Battery Haskell (Legare's Point) one of the five 8-inch naval shell guns taken from Fort Sumter, and intended to be placed in Battery Cheves, but which is not needed for the latter work.

3. The naval carriages for the five 8-inch shell guns (alluded to above) being ready at the arsenal for transportation, you will order themto be taken to their proper position at once. Four of them are intended for Battery Cheves and one for Battery Haskell.

4. You will details a staff officer to proceed to Cumming's Point and have transported to this city, in a flat, a 10-inch carriage (which is on the water's edge), and also a large quantity of old shot and shell (Yankee). He will be specially charged with this duty.

Finally, he directs, if not already done, that the four bronze rifled pieces (turned in by Company A, siege train, in place of others guns furnished them), together with such ammunition as they now have, be placed in position at the weakest point of the eastern lines on James Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

