
CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 6, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Colonel Griffin, commanding on Balckwater, telegraphs that Mrs. Savage, from Portsmouth, Va., says a large Yankee force at Portsmouth and Norfolk was embarking as fast as possible, to re-enforce troops near Charleston.

Muskets were stacked in the streets, and the soldiers were putting baggage in vessels.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 6, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Savannah, Ga.:

General Howell Cobb has been ordered to send to Savannah, to report to you, 500 infantry and one light battery.

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 6, 1863.

Major E. MANIGAULT,

Commanding Legare's Point, James Island, S. C.:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 26th ultimo, addressed to Captain J. M. Carson,* calling attention of the proper authorities to the works constructed at Legare's Point, has been received and referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, chief engineer, whose remarks upon the same I am instructed to communicate to you, as follows:

Battery Haskell has been prepared for two guns on columbiad carriages, and six siege guns in embrasure, to fire on Morris Island, from Graham's house to Battery Wagner, inclusive. One gun has been arranged to fire on Morris Island and the approaches to Secessionville, which is the only one that it is necessary or practicable to be made to bear in that direction. Orders have been given, and are now being executed, for a similar arrangement in Battery Haskell for eight field pieces.

The traverses to which Major manigault refers were constructed, by my orders, for the purpose of protecting the pieces when not in position, which I considered important in the exposed condition of the battery, as at first constructed, en barbette.

Battery Ryan and battery at the Point of Pines, when completed, will command Black Island and all the approaches to Secessionville, in conjunction with the eastern redoubt of the lines and the guns at Secessionville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Operations on Morris Island, Part I, p. 552.

---------------

