HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 6, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: After reading your letter of this date, touching the number of troops, &c., on Morris Island, * the commanding general is induced to say that he regards a force of 1,000 men as quite sufficient. However, it will be but a proper precaution to be ready to throw there a larger force, in event of danger of assault.

Colonel Keitt, in his report, regrets that he was unable to fire at the monitor, on the night of the [4th?] instant, which had come with some 1,000 or 1,200 yards of Battery Wagner. It is not the wish of the commanding general that the 10-inch guns in that work should be hastily unmasked, or at a range as distant as a thousand yards. It were best to reserve them for use against iron-clads which may come as close as was done by the Ironsides recently. Please give the orders to insure rigid adherence to these views of the commanding general.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 6, 1863.

J. R. TUCKER,

Flag-Officer, Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Aflota, &c.:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant, inclosing Lieutenant-Commander Warley's report of the part taken by him in the surprise and capture of the enemy's picket in Schooner (or Vincent's) Creek, on the night of the 4th instant. I beg, also, to thank you for your assistance with a naval detachment on this occasion, and the part taken by it in this successful operation, which, I trust, will prove the precursor of frequent joint expeditions, creditable to both arms of the service, and to the advantage of our country.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.]

McPHERSONVILLE, August 6, 1863.

Captain JAMES LOWNDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that the order from district headquarters, requiring a report of the Federal fleet to be sent from Fort Point to Pocotaligo three times a day, has been extended, but has not been carried into effect, for the following reasons:

The line is a very long one-twelve stations-requiring at least 3 men at a station, while at some there are but 2. These have to watch all day, and are in many instances necessarily exposed to the

---------------

*See Operations on Morris Island, Part I, p. 382.

---------------

