
Fifth. In order to facilitate the defense of James Island, I respectfully recommend that the chief engineer be instructed to report whether there be not on John's Island some favorable position, not easily turned, where some makes batteries, commanding the landing and the camping ground at Grimball's, could be located, in which long-range rifled field pieces and 8-inch siege howitzers could be mounted. The effect of such a battery, in connection with a similar one on the Fort Pemberton side of New Town Cut, would be to prevent, or materially delay, the landing of the enemy at Grimball's or embarrass a flank movement of his by Grimball's in the direction of Fort Pemberton or the extreme right of eastern lines. It might, at least, cause a delay to the extent of compelling him to occupy John's Island before operating on James Island, an important gain.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMBROSIE JOSE GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Art., Commanding Art. on James Island.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 15, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the chief engineer, Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, for his views.

The changes, &amp;c., recommenced appear judicious, but I do not sufficiently recollect the details of the fort and site to be able to order them carried into effect without further information on the subject.

Numbers 5, however, has the objection of extending still further our defensive system, with a intervening river (Stono), which would prevent them from being properly supported.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,James Island, August 20, 1863.

Respectfully returned, as enjoined.

At the time of the within recommendation, the chief of artillery had not been advised of the new change of lines.

AMBROSIO JOSE GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Art., Commanding, Art. on James Island.

CHARLESTON, S. C., August 9, 1863-7 a. m.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

No change worth recording since yesterday. Enemy, finding Wagner and Gregg too difficult to take, evidently intend trying now to reduce Sumter at long range, his nearest battery being 2 1/4 miles off. I am making my defensive preparations accordingly.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., August 9, 1863.-10 a. m.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

General Jenkins telegraphs from Petersburg that infantry and cavalry have left Norfolk, it is supposed, for Charleston. Large quantities of forage shipped. Cavalry left on the 6th instant.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

