
CHARLESTON, S. C., August 9, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS, Lieutenant Colonel, and Chf. Eng., Charleston, S. C.:

COLONEL: I am instructed to communicate the following views and wishes of the commanding general, for your guidance:

The existing defensive lines of James Island, with a trace of 7 miles, reaching from Fort Pemberton to Secessionville, as I always feared, are so defective that it has become clearly injudicious to expend much more labor on them. You will, therefore, now that we can command labor, lay out and erect a shorter line, beginning at Secessionville, and resting on the Stono at Dill's house-that is, about 2 1/2 miles in extent-and which may at first be made up of four redans, which should be converted into redoubts or lunettes, with closed gorges, disposed from one-half to three-quarters of a mile apart, and connected with cremaillere lines.

The first of these redans, from Secessionville, should be armed with three guns, the second with four, the third (on the Stono) with six, and the fourth (also on the Stono) with four guns; all of which will be transferred from the present lines and from Fort Sumter or other forts, as they may be best spared.

The two works on the Stono must be heavily armed, while the river should be obstructed, to the utmost extent practicable, with torpedoes, extending below the work, if practicable, a mile and a half. The scarp wall at Fort Sumter over the new gateway will be supported in the way verbally indicated by the commander of the forces.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 9, 1863.

J. R. TUCKER,

Flag-Officer, Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Afloat, &amp;c.:

SIR: I beg to call to your attention that since the capture of the enemy's picket, by Lieutenant-Commander Warley, the enemy appear to have resorted to a boat picket for observing and reporting the movement of our means of transportation to and from Cumming's Point. This was done on Friday night, as well as last night, when, as reported by Brigadier-General Hagood, at half past 12 o'clock a rocket was thrown up "from a position in the harbor to the right or front of Fort Sumter, and lights were at the same time and place exhibited." Instantly after which the enemy's land batteries opened on Cumming's Point, keeping it up until 2 a. m.

This information is communicated with the hope that you may be able to break up these pickets.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, CHARLESTON, August 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ROMAN, Assistant Inspector-General:

COLONEL: Pursuant to your orders, I yesterday, visited Sullivan's Island and Christ Church Parish, to investigate the following matters: The portion of the orders from headquarters, dated August 3,

