
relative to the strength and relief of the garrison of the works on Morris Island, reads thus:

The movement of troops to Morris Island, the general wishes so conducted that for the present there shall not be less than two regiments of infantry so located at night on Sullivan's Island as to prevent any surprise. The habitual force on Morris Island he desires reduced to 1,000 men.

I am informed by General Clinghman, now in command on the island, that since the receipt of this order nothing has occurred to interfere with its execution, so far as rates to that portion of its coming under his supervision and control, and it has, therefore, been carried out. While I was present, however, a telegram was received by General Clingman from General Ripley, informing him that one of the regiments under his command would be required to go to James Island, and desiring to know which he would prefer sending. General Clingman replied, the one now on Morris Island, telling me that he could not spare either of the regiments now on Sullivan's Island without rendering the proper execution of the order above referred to impossible, in which I fully agreed with him, as his whole available infantry force nw on the island consists of the Fifty-first Regiment North Carolina Volunters, the Twentieht Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (600 men), and Nelson's battalion (225 men). Nor can any number of troops be withdrawn from Morris Island without reducing the present strength of the garrison below the number required by the order, as will be seen by my report of yesterday. Of course, I do not presume to express any opinion as to the necessity or expediency of any changes which General Ripley may desire to make, being in total ignorance of the causes which my induce them, nor am I able to say whether it is intended to replace these troops by others in case of their removal. I merely confine myself to facts such as they have come under my observation, and may tend to throw any light upon the subject with the investigation of which I was charged. I could neither see nor hear of any boats or flats which had been sent to Sullivan's Island by the engineer department, pursuant to orders of the 28th of July.*

There are, I am informed by Colonel Keitt, eight or ten boats in the creek in the rear of Battery Marshall, which were placed there by him twelve or fourteen months ago, and which are capable of carrying about 200 men at a time. The line of communication from Sullivan's Island to the city, via Christ Church Parish, was, I am assured by Colonel Keitt, opened by him some time since, and consists of three roads leading to different points on Cooper River, which will be designated on a chart, with which Colonel Keitt has promised to furnish me, and which will be laid before you as soon as received.

J. EVANS EDINGS,

Captain and Assistant Inspector-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Charleston, August 9, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I had the honor to propose last year to General Pemberton a system of defense, of lines both with barbette and siege

---------------

*Letter written to Colonel Harris this day, calling his attention to this fact.-CLIFTON H. SMITH, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

