
FLAG-STEAMER DINSMORE,

Off Morris Island, July 22, 1863.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the South, Morris Island, S. C.:

SIR: In reply to yours of the 22nd, just received, I beg leave to say: First. That when you deem it proper to make another assault on Fort Wagner, I will assist to the best of my ability.

Second. I regret that you have been obliged to send troops to Hilton Head. Agreeably to your request, a gunboat was sent there last night, and the iron-clad Fingal is, I expect, nearly ready for service. If, in addition, you prefer to have the Wabash return, it shall be done. She was brought here to render any co-operation more efficient, having a numerous crew, which answered for boat service and other duties that could not be obtained from other vessels. There were 120 men last night in boats patrolling the channel.

Third. The Whitworth guns have been sent for, and will be sent ashore with officers and men. They will take such position as you may be pleased to assign them.

I shall always be gratified to co-operate with you in the common cause, and am always ready to hear any suggestions you may have to make, and to assent to them, if in my power.

Please, therefore, to let me know if you prefer the Wabash to return to Port Royal, or other measures for its security. I can send a monitor there.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 10. Morris Island, S. C., July 25, 1863.

I. The surgeons named below will act as chief medical officers of their respective brigades, viz: First Brigade, Surg. A. J. H. Buzzell, Third New Hampshire Volunteers; Second Brigade, Surg. Charles M. Clark, Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers; third Brigade, Surg. Martin S. Kittenger, One hundredth New York Volunteers.

II. Each chief medical officer will, under the direction of Surg. Samuel A. Green, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, medical director, pay particular attention to the sanitary condition of the brigade to which he is attached, will consolidate and forward the morning reports of regimental surgeons, and will detail an assistant surgeon to accompany the grand guard of the brigade.

III. All regimental hospitals will be placed upon the right flanks of their respective regiments on the beach, as near the bluffs as possible, so as to be protected from the fire of the enemy's batteries upon James Island.

IV. The medical director having recommended that an extra ration of whisky should be made for a few days to the command, commandants of regiments and detachments will make requisitions duly, until further orders, upon the post commissary for half rations of whisky for each man reported for duty, to be forwarded through the usual channels to these headquarters for approval. Each command-

