
U. S. Army, preliminary to an arrangement for the natural return of wounded prisoners of war.

The enemy now charge a breach of faith on our part, and it is proper to know all the details necessary to refute this ungrounded allegation.

General Gillmore also alleges that there was no recognized truce or official suspension of hostilities on the 19th of July, after the refusal on our side that day to grant him the privilege of burying his dead; that he refrained from opening his batteries because he observed some of his wounded exposed in full view all day just outside of Battery Wagner.

Please report the facts, particularly in this connection, as we incline to the belief that white flags were flying all day, and even a part of the following day, on the enemy's batteries as well as our own.

The answer to General Gillmore will be delayed until your report is received, therefore please make your report as soon as possible.

Respectfully your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, August 10, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that nothing satisfactory has been ascertained, as yet, from Colonel Hatch about the torpedo expedition in Light-House Inlet.

About four days ago, Colonel Hatch told me that he was going on James Island to select a point to start from with said expedition; that the would let me know how things were progressing, &amp;c.

This morning, accidentally, I met with the colonel, and I learned from him that, owing to several reasons-the principal one being the condition of the tide-the expedition had not been carried out; that Captain Gray thinks of attempting it to-morrow night. As I thought Colonel Hatch, and not Captain Gray, was in charge of the expedition, I told the former that much time had already been lost, and that I thought it my duty to report to fact to department headquarters. I beg leave o add, besides, that, as things are being carried on, I have no faith whatever in the result of that torpedo expedition.

Respectfully,

ALDRED ROMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., No. 155. Charleston, S. C., August 10, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IX. Major Stephen Elliott, jr., Provisional Artillery, will take immediate command of the torpedoes for the Stono and Light-House Inlet, relieving Colonel Hatch, who will devote his whole time to

