
hoped the patriotism of our citizens, and the good feeling of neutrals engaged in the trade, will make this unnecessary.

IV. All masters or other officers and the crews and passengers of vessels outward bound, are forbidden to carry letters not previously approved by these headquarters or by the commanding general of the First Military District.

All masters, officers, crews,or passengers on board vessels from abroad, bringing letters addressed to persons in the Confederate States, must deliver them at these headquarters, or at the office of the commanding general of the First Military District, for examination.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., August 12, 1863-7 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Little firing yesterday; only 1 man mortally wounded on Morris Island. Enemy still persistently at work, like ourselves, norwith-standing the excessive heat.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 12, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: Five 8-inch naval shell guns were originally ordered from Fort Sumter to Battery Cheves, but one of them was afterward directed to be placed in Battery Haskell, where it is much needed, but is not there as yet, it is said. Please look to this matter.

The further constructions of all works for defense of Fort Sumter are placed under your charge, a special order to that effect having been issued.

Will it not be advisable to use barges and boats as much as possible in the transportation of sand-bags from the several points where they are filled? A large of these barges Major Echols has been directed to transfer to quartermaster's department. We must use our means of transportation with the utmost skill and energy, to make it in any way adequate to our wants in the emergency.

Now that you have the direct charge of the works at Fort Sumter, you can arrange that matter for the accommodation of laborers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 12, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that the expedition for the seizure of Black Island shall take place on the same night

