
(Friday), when an effort will be made to put torpedoes afloat in Light-House Inlet. Colonel Simonton should confer with Major Elliott, who has charge of the torpedo operations.

As soon as possible it will be prudent to fill in the parade at Fort Sumter with sand, as precaution against the effect of shell on the ground as now standing.

A fire-engine and proper amount of hose, &amp;c., should be procured from the city authorities, to be kept in Fort Sumter.

It has been suggested that it were judicious to paint our guns and carriages on Morris Island and elsewhere a sand or neutral tint color. This the commanding general approves.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Charleston, August 12, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: The State Convention, on the 8th of January, 1862 (Journal, page 580), declared it to be-

The sense of the people of South Carolina, assembled in convention, that Charleston should be defended at any cost of life or property, and that, in their deliberate judgment, they would prefer a repulse of the enemy with the entire city in ruins, to an evacuation or surrender on any terms whatever.

I am informed that the attention of Generals Lee and Pemberton was called to this subject by the Executive and council; and that General Lee directed that Charleston should be defended to the last extremity, and, if necessary, the fight should be made from street to street and from house to house.

I do not doubt it to be your purpose to defend Charleston to the last extremity, but deem it proper to bring the above facts to your attention, inasmuch as there has been a charge in the State as well as the Confederate officers here, and to announce my full concurrence, as the present State Executive, in the views expressed by the Convention.

The Convention, moreover, appointed a committee, who were charged with the duty of providing for the removal from the city of Charleston of persons who, by reason of age, sex, or infirmity, are incapable of taking part in its defense. (See Journal, page 386.)

This committee consists of C. M. Furman, Charlest Kerison, R. N. Gourdin, G. A. Trenholm, and William D. Porter, prominent citizens of this place,who are still in office. I learn that it is supposed that the number of non-combatants now in the city is greater than it was fifteen months since. In view of this fact, and of the character of the defense to be made, allow me to suggest that the co-operation of those gentlemen be obtained, and that the non-combatants be required to leave the city by an early day, to be fixed by yourself, and, that failing, the civil and military authorities take the requisite steps to secure their removal.

For the accomplishment of the above objects, you may rely upon my hearty co-operation and support by every means in my power.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

