
inf officer will designate some commissioned officer to take charge of this issue, and be held responsible in the event of any intoxication among the men. The issue will be made at night, after the fatigue parties have returned to camp, and in each case will be drunk on the spot, no man being allowed to take away his allowance or to transfer it to another.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 63. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., July 26, 1863.

In addition to his duties as chief of staff, Colonel J. W. Turner, aide-de-camp, is hereby appointed chief of artillery in this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

It is made his duty to take special charge of all the artillery on Morris and Folly Islands, and to report daily at 8 a.m. on the condition of the several batteries, whether composed of field or siege artillery, or guns in position, upon the following points, viz:

First. The number of complete rounds and parts of rounds of ammunition to each battery.

Second. The condition of the several batteries and the number and kind of equipments required in each to complete their outfit.

He will anticipate the wants of his batteries and make his requisitions several days in advance.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Folly Island, S. C., July 27, 1863.

Colonel J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Artillery, Morris Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following artillery in my command, viz:

Two 42-pounder iron guns, rifled; eight 32-pounder iron guns, rifled.

Field guns: Six light 12-pounder Napoleons; four 6-pounder James, rifled; seven 12-pounder Wiard, stee; four 6-pounder brass smooth-bore.

I remain, yours, respectfully,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 64. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., July 27, 1863.

I. Colonel E. W. Serrell, New York Volunteer Engineers, is appointed assistant to the chief engineer, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

