
[Indorsement.]

Will Colonel Rhett please read this letter, and let the editor of the Courier see it? Cannot the planters be brought to a sense of what is becoming? Their negroes are well treated, fed, and attended to. They may lose some of them, but in that way may save the rest. It is discouraging to find men so insensible and recreant to their duty.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, August 13, 1863.

[General G. T. BEAUREGARD:]

MY DEAR SIR: Understanding that several projects are on foot to destroy the Ironsides, I take the liberty of saying to you (should the parties come before you) that I am authorized by my copartners to offer $100,000 for them and myself and any party who will sink or destroy the Ironsides or the Wabash, and $50,000 if one of the monitors is destroyed. It may be of service, this offer, and I take the liberty to write you this note.

Yours, truly,

THEODORE D. WAGNER, Of JOHN FRASER &amp; CO.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 14, 1863.-7 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy opened yesterday at long range with a 200-pounder; no material damage thus far. There are now inside of bar, Ironsides, six monitors, five gunboats, two mortar-boats, ten supply vessels and transports.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 14, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to say, that the two 32-pounder rifled pieces, sent to Fort Johnson from Fort Sumter, will be required for the new works on the new defensive line from Secessionville to the StoNumbers The 32-pounder (not rifled), now in Redoubt Numbers 1, will likewise the transferred to the same works.

The 10-inch columbiad directed yesterday to be put in battery on Sullivan's Island, east or west of Fort Sumter, the commanding general authorizes to be sent to the battery near the old tower, on James Island, unless it shall have been transported, as previously indicated.

The engineers will be directed to prepare positions for two additional guns at or near Fort Johnson, to bear on the harbor; that is, for a 10-inch columbiad and the 8-inch rifled piece, which you report as nearly finished.

