
or injurious effect on, the defense by their presence; and trust that the proper authorities will be able to effect that desirable object; but I am unable to set any day after which summary measures, in my judgment, may be proper to secure the removal of all not useful in the defense.

At my instance, early in July, the mayor of the city, by proclamation, called on non-combatants to quit the city during the operations of the enemy for its reduction. Many left, but in a very few days began to return. I then took measures to prevent this by issuing an order to the railroad to refuse a return passage. The operations or effect was to overwhelm my office ad engross precious time with the consideration of urgent applications for permission to return, until I was forced to withdraw virtually the interdict, and such have been the results of every previous effort to induce non-combatants to leave and remain out of the city, that I fear no effort to that end will be successful until it may be too late.

I will, however, be happy to do what I can to assist the commission, or other State or city authorities, in removing all who, by reason of age, sex, or infirmity, may be incapable of taking part in the defense of the city.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 15, 1863.

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery, James Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: Your several communications of the 8th and 9th instant, addressed to Brigadier General W. B. Taliaferro, commanding James Island, have been received, and I am instructed to communicate to you the decision of the commanding general upon the same, as follows:

1. Your suggestion that the 24-pounder smooth-bore gun at Battery Haskell be sent to the bend on the western lines, in place of a sea-coast howitzer, recently removed to the first-named work, is approved.

2. The 12-pounder rifled-siege gun (old English piece) will be sent to the arsenal for the purpose of being banded, and the smooth-bore gun of the same caliber, already there, will be placed in position temporarily on the western lines, at such point as you may designate.

3. Your suggestion that the 42-pounder gun at Castle Pinckney be transferred to the redoubt at the bend of western lines, in place of a damaged gun of same caliber, which should be placed elsewhere, &amp;., is disapproved.

4. The 12-pounder Napoleon gun, on board the Juno, will be returned to the arsenal for the purpose of having the sight put on it, and, when ready for service, will be issued, together with the other 12-pounder Napoleon, to Captain De Pass. The 42-pounder carronade will supply the place of the gun, before alluded to, on board the Juno.

Finally, in regard to your letter of the 9th, I have to communicate the remarks of the general upon the same, as follows:

