
If, however, the brigadier-general commanding determines that it must be done, I will cheerfully obey his order, and make the attempt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES,Freer's House, August 15, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions received by telegram, through Brigadier-General Taliaferro, I caused a reconnaissance to be made last night for the purpose of examining the means of landing on Black Island. I find that all around the sides of the island which could be reached the slope is very gradual, and the bottom soft and very boggy for about 300 yards. This must be traversed before the hard marsh is reached. A man walking on this sinks above his knees, and at time to his hips. At one point a party of 3 or 4 can land by making use of a narrow gully, but, even then, boggy for nearly 200 yards. Not being satisfied with forming a conclusion based only on an examination by night, I also examined reliable men who had visited the island. They all confirm this. Under these circumstances, I do not think it practicable to land a large number of men on Black Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 16, 1863-12 m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Severe shelling on both sides last night; little damage, and few casualties on our part. Our batteries, &amp;c., are progressing.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 16, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer:

COLONEL: I am instructed to direct the following work to be done by your department of the staff:

To arrange the batteries at Fort Johnson, with platforms, &c., for two additional 10-inch columbiads, in lieu of the 32-pounder rifled and two 32-pounder smooth-bores now there, but which will be transferred to the new advanced lines.

Prepare positions for platforms, at once, for three 10-inch columbiads, near the Martello Tower, James Island.

Place two platforms for 10-inch columbiads in Battery Glover.

