
Add a small redan for one or two guns in each interval between the large redans or lunettes of the newly ordered line to the Stono, and which subsequently will all be connected together by cremaillere lines, with openings properly arranged for the free passage of troops.

At the earliest day practicable, the commanding general desires his orders to be executed for the construction of covered ways between Batteries Gregg and Wagner, and from Fort Johnson to Battery Simkins.

It was observed by the commanding general that the laborers appeared to be too much crowded in the works inspected by him. This should be avoided as far as possible, and it may be well to impose tasks.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

(Copy for Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding First Military District South Carolina, Charleston, S. C.)
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 16, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: As you were informed yesterday, it is the wish of the commanding general that one of the mortars at Fort Sumter should be transferred with the utmost dispatch to Battery Gregg, the other two he wishes, as soon as they cannot be used advantageously in Fort Sumter, to be removed to Battery Haskell.

It will be prudent to see that every gun, not actually required for the defense of Fort Sumter, and the new relations of that work to the general defense of the harbor, shall be removed without loss of time. Some of them, heavy guns, should go to Castle Pinckney as soon as that work shall be properly strengthened by sand-bags. The other heavy and light pieces should be distributed, as already indicated, between the works on Sullivan's and James Island, some of the light guns to be transferred to the city.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

(Copies for information of Colonel A. J. Gonzales, chief of artillery; Lieutenant Colonel A. Roman, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel D. B. Harris, chief engineer; Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Waddy, chief of ordnance.)

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 17, 1863-9.30 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Ironsides, five monitors, four gunboats, one mortar hulk, and six land batteries engaging our works since 6.30 a. m. Have thrown 1,068 shells in two hours. The most serious attack yet attempted. Sumter fiercely assailed with heavy rifled ordnance.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

