
advise modifications and additions to the works as may be, in his opinion, most expedient.

If consistent with the interests of the engineer service, he will, in like manner, inspect the defenses at Savannah, Wilmington, and other points. He will then return to Richmond.

Lieutenant Colonel A. L. Rives will act as Chief of Engineer Bureau during the temporary absence of Colonel Gilmer:

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 18, 1863-8.45 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter and Morris Island batteries continued all day, with more or less activity, from enemy's land batteries, Ironsides, and five mortars. No casualties reported. Walls of SumtEr begin to feel seriously the effect of enemy's 200-pounder Parrott guns. Am continuing to transfer its dismounted guns to batteries on Sullivan's and James Islands.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 18, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

The guns sent me since the 10th of July-commencement of the attack-are all in position, and contributing to the maintenance of the place. More are needed, and I beg to have some furnished, if possible. The Ordnance Bureau must exert every effort to supply me with 8 and 10 inch columbiad and 10-inch mortar shells, and 32-pounder rifled shells, ratchet sabot. [Send] three more energetic engineers to replace casualties as soon as possible.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel D. B. HARRIS,

Chief Enginner Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you will repair to Fort Sumter as soon as practicable, to examine the damage done that work, and to recommend such repairs as are deemed advisable. You will also determine, with Colonel Rhett, what heavy guns should be transferred from Fort Sumter to the batteries at Fort Johnson and near the Martello Tower. These guns are to be removed to-night, if possible.

The general further directs that you will select a competent officer of your corps to inspect Captain Gray's torpedoes, which are already made and ready for use.

