
You will also cause additional torpedoes to be placed in the Ashley River and in the mouths of Dill's Creek and Wappoo Cut, if the steamers to be used for this purpose are not indispensable for the supply of the troops on James Island.

Further, the general directs that you will close the opening through the rope obstructions near Fort Sumter, if practicable, and have a new opening made near Moultrie. The houses near the batteries on James Island must be torn down.

In conclusion, the general directs that you will construct two more sunken positions for heavy guns, near the Martello Tower (making five there in all), and also a work at the old mortar battery near Mount Pleasant, to cover Hog Island Channel, the inner harbor, and the bridge to Sullivan's Island. Lieutenant W. G. Young will be ordered to report to you, to take charge of the harbor torpedoes, in addition to his other duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 18, 1863.

Honorable G. A. HENRY,

C. S. Senator, Lexington, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I thank you for your kind letter of the 11th instant and the offer of services therein contained, but a good soldier and true patriot should go wherever ordered or duty calls, regardless of his own preferences. For the present, passing events must detain me here. After the crisis, I would be proud and happy to command again the Army of Tennessee; not desirous, however, to interfere with the claims of my friend, General Bragg, to that position.

I am informed that an effort was made last year by many members of Congress to have me sent back to the command of that army, but the application was most peremptorily refused by the President. I fear any other similar attempt would meet again with the same ill success.

Your idea of using double-barreled guns in Wagner has long since been adopted. I hope the buckshot will make sad havoc in the Yankee ranks. I have also planted the ground in front of the battery with a certain kind a grain, which is quite prolific of results, even in the most barren sands.

I send you herewith a little sketch of the entrance to this harbor,* which is the only drawing I can now send you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 18, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

There are two Blakely guns, carriages,and 60 tons of shot on Gibraltar, belonging to John Fraser &amp; Co., which have hastened here with utmost speed. Permit no delay.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

