HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 21, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Chief Engineer, Charleston, S. C.:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you construct effective traverses in Battery Beauregard, to protect the work from a reverse fire from Cumming's Point, in case the latter should fall into the hands of the enemy; and also that you complete, with all possible dispatch, the covered way between the first-mentioned battery and Fort Moulrie.

He also wishes you to prepare new batteries near Fort Johnson, to receive the guns and mortars of Battery Simkins, whenever the latter shall be rendered untenable by fire from the enemy's batteries on Morris Island. The opening in the rope obstructions near Fort Sumter, he wishes at once closed up, and one reopened near Fort Moultrie.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 21, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY, Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: Henceforth the commanding general directs that only the best troops be sent to Morris Island, twelve hours' notice being given them, in order that they may prepare provisions, &amp;c.

The general directs me to communicate the following for your information:

The engineers have been instructed to protect Battery Beauregard, by effective traverses, from a reverse fire from Cumming's Point, in case in the latter place should fall into the hands of the enemy. They have also been directed to prepare new batteries near Fort Johnson for the guns and mortars of Battery Simkins, if rendered untenable, and to at once close up the opening in the rope obstructions near Fort Sumter, reopening one near Moultrie.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 162. Charleston, S. C., August 21, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. In honor to officers who have fallen in defense of Charleston, certain works recently erected will be known and designated officially as follows:

Work at Shell Point, as Battery Simkins.

Work at Legare's, as Battery Haskell.

Work between Batteries Simkins and Haskell, as Battery Cheves.

Work at Mellichamp's, as Battery Ryan.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

