
require much labor and some risk, but if successful will, I think, redound to the interest of this military district. It is nothing more nor less than to visit Folly Island, some dark, rainy, disagreeable night, with 3 or 4 resolute men, take General Gillmore out of bed, and transfer him to your hands, that he may enjoy the hospitality of " our city by the sea, which he seems so anxious and determined to reach. Of course such an undertaking will require time; its issue doubtful. Plans must be formed, schemes invented, energy employed.

If the brigadier-general commanding deems the enterprise worthy of consideration, I respectfully ask an interview, as his assistance may be necessary to the accomplishment of my plans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL LE ROY HAMMOND,

Captain Yeadon Light Infantry, 25th S. C. Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,James Island, August 22, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The scheme believed altogether impracticable.

WM. B. TALIAFERO,

Brigadier-General.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., August 22, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday afternoon, at about half past 4 o'clock, I left the Vanderhorst wharf on board the steamer Spauling, and proceeded to the Federal fleet out in the harbor, accompanied by Mr. Walker, the British vice-consul now stationed in Charleston, as bearer of dispatches under flag of truce to Admiral Dalgren and General Gillmore, commanding, respectively, the Federal naval and land forces around the city of Charleston.

The weather, being misty, our flag of truce was not at first observed by the enemy's batteries nor by our own; and several shells fired at or near Fort Johnson and at Sumber exploded at a boat's length of our steamer.

The Ironsides being the nearest vessel in sight, we directed our course toward her, and were soon hailed by a blank shot fired at us, to caution us to stop. We did, so and at almost half past 5 p. m., a small boat, in command of an ensign of the frigate Ironsides, came alongside, and was informed of the object of my mission.

I thereupon delivered to said officer, whose name I do not now remember, a package containing:

First. A communication to Admiral Dahlgren.

Second. Four communications, marked from 1 to 4, to Brigadier-General Gillmore.

Third. A communication, not numbered, from General Ripley's headquarters, to the same.

Fourth. A communication from the Spanish consul at Charleston, also to the same.

Fifth. A package of letters from the Federal prisoners now in our

