
hands. I requested a receipt, which was promised at the return of the small boat, which then left our steamer, fully informed of mine and Mr. Walker's errand.

At a few minutes after 7 p. m., a tug-boat left the Federal fleet and neared our steamer. A small boat again came alongside of us, and Lieutenant Forrest, of the frigate Ironsides, informed me that Admiral Dahlgreen would send his reply by flag of truce, through the north channel, next (this) morning; that Brigadier-General Gillmore, through flag of truce by land, would also forward his answer the same morning to General Beauregard, to the Spanish consul, and to Mr. Walker, acting British consul.

Lieutenant Forrest then requested me to inform, the commanding general that hereafter flag-of-truce boats would be required, when coming out to communicate with the Federal fleet, to stop at the nearest buoy to Fort Sumter, as any flag-of-truce boat coming nearer would be fired into.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

ALFRED ROMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

WILMINGTON,

August 22, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

I except to start one of the guns to Charleston to-day. Weight is very great; gun 22 tons, carriage, 38; my mechanical means to move very limited. To send both is a matter for serious consideration. I regard one as essential here; but, if absolutely necessary to save Charleston, I would try to spare if for a time. Much time is needed to place it and put in order for use. I could hardly do this after attack here commences. Let me see how the one going to Charleston operates.

W. H. WHITING,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, August 23, 1863-7.16 a. m.

(Received Richmond, August 23.)

General S. COOPER:

In telegram, of yesterday, received English instead of French consul. No answer from General Gillmore has yet been received.

Considerable firing of batteries during night. Effect not yet reported.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 23, 1863-11 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond Va.:

Sumter is being fast destroyed by enemy's long-range land and naval batteries, which averaged, on that work alone in last week, over 800 shots per day, about 600 striking exterior or interior daily,

