
time and the same messenger, I cause a dispatch to be sent up from the signal station at that point, informing Captain Nance, assistant adjutant-general, that such communication were on the way. Ten minutes ago these communications were returned to me by the officer commanding at the Point, with the statement that the boat had left, that he had for another, and that it could not be there under an hour (say 3 p.m.). The same courier brought me your dispatch by signal, directing me if any communication for department headquarters was sent in by flag of truce to open it in presence of bearer and return it " if couched in discourteous or offensive language.* * * The enemy's communications must be hereafter confined to a simple and explicit statement of what he demands or wants.

I thereupon though proper to open the communication to General Beauregard and examine it. Had I received your dispatch sooner, I should have declined to receive the communication of General Gillmore, as objectionable, to say the least, under the second branch of your instructions. But considering the lapse of time, I have determined to forward it to you as soon as possible; and in the meantime telegraphed the substance of the same to you by signals.

The three communications are herewith sent,*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 23, 1863.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Charleston, S. C.:

DEAR SIR: I find it necessary to send troops to the Fourth Military District, to replace those which I must withdraw from there to assist in the defense of this city.

It is understood that Colonel Witherspoon's regiment is composed of men from the Pee Dee country, and I have, therefore, to request that this regiment may be directed to report to Brigadier-General Trapier, as soon as practicable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 24, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Attack on Sumter still kept up since last report by land batteries. Work reduced to one effective gun at present. Colonel Gilmer and Harris inspecting to see how it may be longer held. Wagner still shows resisting power of sand. Enemy's sap advances but slowly. Casualties few, as heretofore. Works on interior lines pushed forward as possible. Twelve or 14 shells thrown into the city be

---------------

* See Gillmore to Halleck, August 24, 1863, p. 57.

---------------

