
CHARLESTON, S. C., August 25, 1863.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS,

Savannah, Ga.:

General Beauregard wishes you to move here, with four of your regiments, leaving one of the strongest to report to General Mercer at present. Show this telegram to General Mercer.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON ARSENAL, August 25, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A few days ago I asked Colonel Gorgas to instruct me as to the removal of the valuable machinery from this arsenal, in the event of the reduction of Fort Sumter. He answers, by telegraph, yesterday;

Consult General Beauregard, and if he does not object, remove the machinery, keeping the foundry in operation as long as possible.

I had not intended to stop work in the foundry, blacksmith shop, gun-carriage or carpenter shop, my sole wish being to save the valuable machinery here, if there was a likelihood of losing it, as the Government cannot well spare it. But, really, it all seems now so incessantly and necessarily employed in banding guns, turning off shot, making bolts, nuts, &c., that I can scarcely see how it can be dispensed with at this critic juncture; and I do not propose sending it off unless the general shall think it best for me to do so, under all the circumstances. As he is a much more competent judge of these "circumstances" than I am, I beg to refer the matter to him for his decision.

Respectfully,

J. T. TREZERVANT,

Major, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., August 26, 1863- 8 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Usual bombardment took place yesterday, with few casualties. Attack of last evening on rifle-pits in advance of Wagner repulsed, with apparent severe loss on enemy's side; only 25 casualties on ours. Renewer attack of enemy now progressing.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., August 26, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

General Gilmer has gone to Savannah; he has been telegraphed to return. Everything practicable, with our means, has been done to protect Sumter; it shall be held, if necessary, with musket and bayonet.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

