
4. Can I supply the troops here, both local and State, with arms? Colonel Cuyler says he can furnish the cavalry with sabers, and the local companies with muskets.

5. Am I privileged to organize these local troops into a battalion and drill them as such? If so, shall I require Colonel Cuyler's company of excepts to join the battalion?

6. Is it my duty, or have I the privilege, to drill the battalion of infantry and the squadron of cavalry organized here for Station defense?

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 27, 1863-2 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Yesterday bombardment continued from enemy's land batteries as usual. One 300-pounder, near Craig's Hill, opened on Sumter- 3 mile range- and on Wagner. Few night enemy succeeded in getting possession of outer line of rifle-pits in front of Wagner, from which repulsed night before.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 27, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: Under the existing state of affairs at Battery Wagner, it is the wish of the commanding general that Brigadier-General Colquitt should be placed in command there as soon as possible, and with such troops as can be relied on.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 27, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed to transmit to you the following directions of the commanding general:

Capable artificers, provided with necessary tools for the repair of slight injuries to gun-carriages, chassis, &amp;c., should be kept habitually at Cummings's Point, making any repairs, when needed, at Battery Wagner.

Arrangements must be made between Sumter and all the works bearing on it, for concerted signals, in case of an attack by barges, in order that a simultaneous fire may be concentrated at the proper moment. The navy should also be notified, that they may assist in its defense.

