
they should be employed in placing the lines, in that quarter, in proper condition, to resist an advance from that direction, especially in clearing away all timber in front of those line, for a distance of a mile and a half. That command will also be held in hand as a support to the force on Sullivan's Island, in an emergency.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Charleson, August 27, 1863.

General JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

SIR: The Governor understands from you that the commanding general feels himself imperatively called upon to impress labor.

In answer to your inquiries of yesterday, he directs me to say, that in every labor district there are many who have not sent their full quota of labor due under the law and many who have sent none at all.a

He is unable, in the absence of information from Colonel Shannon, to whom he has written and telegraphed, to say what districts are most in arrears. The first labor district (which embraces Charleston) is probably least; the others probably nearly equally so.

The Governor supposes that one-third of the road hands of those who have furnished none would afford 2,500 hands from any one labor district. But of this Colonel Shannon is better informed.

The commissioners of roads from each judicial district would be able to give information upon which to impress labor of those who have failed to supply labor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. ALDRICH,

Aide-de-Camp.

S. C. ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Charleston, August 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel D. B. HARRIS,

Chief Engineer Department:

On the proposition of Brigadier-General De Saussure, State service, to the Governor, concerning the defenses to be erected in the streets of Charleston, indorsed by the Governor, to the effect that no aid will be needed from the military authorities, and approved by the general commanding, after consultation with me, I have to report the progress of this work.

I have offered to furnish, not in conformity with the general's approval, such tools as may be requisite, and have and assistant engineer in charge. Yesterday the engineer reports that 8 presented themselves for the work. I visited the locality to ascertain the progress, but only about a cart-load of earth had been dug, up. To-day 10 have reported. But little progress can be expected from the source proposed, composed of the useless, lazy, free negro population.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ECHOLS,

Major, and Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

