
[Indorsements.]

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the general commanding.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer.

This street affair is turning out just as I anticipated it would. Judge Magrath offers to undertake it, and he is one of the few men whom I meet who are not ever ready interminable suggestions (as hatch, Bryan, &amp;c.). I believe he will do what he engages to do.

T. J. [JORDAN],

Chief of Staff.

OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

Charleston, S. C., August 27, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the Cooper River is being obstructed from the buoy, 300 feet from foot of Broad street wharf, to Shute's Folly, by torpedoes on line with Saint Michael's and Exchange steeples. Commodore Ingraham, Captain Nance, and Captain Tucker have been notified.

I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 27, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, &c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that the commanding officer at Fort Sumter must be instructed that the position shall be held and defended to the last extremity, and not surrendered until it cannot be longer held without an unnecessary sacrifice of life. It will only be evacuated under explicit orders from these headquarters.

Remove all powder, except 200 rounds for each of, day, three guns, which, it is hoped, may mounted and kept serviceable. No efforts should be spared to remove as many projectiles as possible of the most valuable sort.

As previously directed the number of negroes must likewise be reduced as much as may be compatible with the labor to be done, to insure our holding the position.

A four-weeks' supply of provisions, for the garrison and employes, should be placed in store in the fort.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., August 28, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

Usual amount of cannonading, with few casualties. Enemy too strong to be driven from our rifle-pits in front of Wagner; his sap

