
nah for the defense of this city. Why should the naval forces, so vitally needed here, be exempted from the same conditions?

Only a sense of my duty to the country could induce me to allude to this matter again.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, August 28, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: Since my arrival in this city a visit to the Governor, I have received from President Davis a telegram containing the following matter, which I am instructed to communicate to you:

All surplus arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores, clothing, and transportation, together with persons not useful for defense, should be promptly removed from Charleston-the public property to places of safety more or less remote, according to probability of being hereafter required at the city, &amp;c.

It is my purpose, unless unexpectedly detained, to leave here on Sunday afternoon, and as I suppose the subject-matter of the telegram has already been considered and acted upon by you, I will be pleased, before I leave, to receive through you, or by your direction, such information in regard to it as will enable me, in the discharge of my duty, to make a proper answer to the President.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. CHESNUT, JR.,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

CHARLESTON, S. C., August 29, 1863- 2 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Nothing worth reporting since yesterday. Two heavy guns last night out of Sumter; one heavy Blakely arrived from Wilmington; 30-pounder Parrott and one Knoxville 4.62 rifled gun burst in James Island batteries-no one injured.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 29, 1863.

Colonel D. W. AIKEN, Commanding Post, Macon, Ga.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 26th instant has been received, and I am instructed by the general commanding to reply as follows:

1. All your communications ot these headquarters will be forwarded through General Mercer, as you are under his command.

2. It is thought that, by consultation with the railroad companies, judicious arrangements may de made, by which the companies formed for local defense may be required to drill twice a wee, or as often as necessary.

3. At is presumed that some of the companies assembled at Macon, not in the Confederate service, are subject to duty under the militia laws of Georgia, you are advised to communicate with Gen-

