
eral Wayne, adjutant-general of the State, for and answer to your third question.

4. Colonel Cuyler is authorized to supply the troops, assembled at Macon, with arms, upon your requisition; but care must be taken of them, and you will be expected to have them returned to the arsenal when these troops are discharged.

5. You are permitted to organize the local troops into a battalion, but it is suggested that the men had better first be perfected in the drill of the company, after which battalion drill will follow as a matter of easy consequence. The company of exempts, will not be included in the battalion, but, in case of emergency, will, of course, be expected to assist in repelling any raid or attack of the enemy.

6. It would seem to be your duty to drill the State troops at your post; and, in conclusion, I venture to suggest that these troops be organized as troops for local defense, under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 86, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 29, 1863.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Engineer:

COLONEL: The commanding general wishes the two Blakely guns to be put in position in Battery Ramsay (White Point), with a field of fire from Fort Johnson northward to near Mathewes' Ferry Point, Chris Church. One of the 32-pounders of that battery will be removed thence to a new battery near the foot of Lauens street, which you will please have built for that gun, and a 10-inch columbia, expected from Richmond.

Another 10-inch columbia is also expected from Richmond, for which please prepare a battery at Chisolm's Mill, as already verbally instructed by the commanding general.

As one of the Blakey guns will not be available for Battery Wampler, as formerly contemplated, that battery will be arranged for a double-banded Brooke gun, and a 10-inch columbia from Fort Sumter.

Platforms will be made and laid in the new battery on the Stono (Dill's place) for a 42 and a 32 pounder rifled gun to be removed from Fort Pemberton, and for a 32-pounder now being rifled at the arsenal. The utmost dispatch is necessary, and it is hoped that all engineers engaged will exert their utmost energies to this end. No time is to be lost. Judgment, discretion, and tact must be employed in the distribution and employment of our labor resources, so that none may be wasted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

(Copies for Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding First Military District, South Carolina, Charleston, S. C., and Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Waddy, chief of ordnance, Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, Charleston, S. C.)

