
July 10.-In the morning the brigade, under General George C. Strong, covered by the batteries on Folly Island, assaulted and carried the rebel batteries on the south end of Morris Island.

July 11.-In the morning as unsuccessful assault was made on (rebel) Fort Wagner.

July 18.-In the night the enemy's works were again assaulted, but unsuccessfully.

July 19.-Brigadier-General Vogdes changed his headquarters from Folly Island to Morris Island.

THIRD BRIGADE, TERRY'S DIVISION.

July 6 and 7.-In accordance with orders from Brigadier-General Gillmore, commanding Department of the South, the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts (six companies), Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fifty-sixth New York, and Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, with a detachment of engineers, were embarked on board of transports at Seabrook Island, S. C., in light marching order, leaving as garrison for the post a battalion of four companies of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts, Battery B, Third New York Volunteer Artillery, and the convalescents. This garrison was placed under the command of Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Stevenson, of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers.

July 9.-At daylight arrived at Stono Inlet, with orders to report to Brigadier General A. H. Terry. In the night sailed up the Stono River to Stevens' Landing.

July 10.-At sunrise the brigade landed on James Island, S. C., and advanced with the division, under Brigadier General A. H. Terry, about 2 miles toward Secessionville.

July 16.-At daylight was attacked by the enemy with infantry, cavalry, and artillery. They were repulsed by the artillery of General Terry's command and gunboats. This brigade was not engaged, though under fire.

July 17.-The rear guard of our forces on evacuating James Island, before 10.30 a.m. were embarked on board of transports and sailed to Stono Inlet, thence to Light-House Inlet, S. C .

TROOPS ON FOLLY ISLAND.

Of the troops composing the forces on Folly Island, Davis' brigade and Rockwell's battery were stationed at Beaufort, S. C., at the close of the month of June. In the fore part of this month they accompanied the expedition to James Island, whence they came to Folly Island on the 18th. The Forty-seventh New York Volunteers came up from Ossabaw Sound the last of the month, and the two companies of the New York artillery joined the command, about the same time from Seabrook. The Independent Battalion New York Volunteers [Enfans Perdus] also joined the command, about the 1st of the month, from Saint Helena Island.

