
condition of thigh here at the time of the enemy's attack. I have felt that, as cognizant of the facts as my position near the general has enabled me to be-and capable, therefore, as I am to speak by the record-simple justice to him, event if I were actuated by the warm feelings of personal regard and esteem which our close relations have established, required that I should endeavor to disabuse your mind of what I am sure on a candid examination you will find to be erroneous impressions.

With regard to Jenkins' brigade, I regret, too, that you should have misconceived the scope and purpose of my remarks. I supposed that some troops could be sent back to us now, especially as many were taken away at a time when you did not think and attack on Charleston imminent; and that if so, then it would not make much difference whether South Carolina troops or troops from any other State were sent. I therefore expressed, what you yourself call the "natural desire felt by yourself (myself) and your (my) fellow-citizens for the presence of General Jenkins' brigade."

The exigencies of the service which necessitate the absolute retention in its present position of that particular brigade, of course I was not sufficiently well informed to judge of. I assure your we most cordially appreciate the services of the gallant men from the States now battling so manfully for our defense, but still it is a "natural desire" to have more of our own sons, if possible, at this trying crisis, fighting on their native soil. As to Evans's brigade, I will say nothing, except that there seems a pretty general impression that it is not a particularly fine, one, to say the least, and certainly not to be compared to Jenkins'.

As my letter of the 15th has unfortunately, and most unexpectedly to me, conveyed to your mind impressions which I assure you I regret equally with yourself, I will be much obliged to you if you will furnish me with a copy of it that I may reperuse it carefully, for written, as it was, very hurriedly, I do not distinctly remember its contents. I only know that I was, in common with the whole community of Charleston, extremely desirous that we should receive re-enforcement in time, and that, if possible, we might be gratified by having Jenkins at least sent us.

Believing that you do take the liveliest interest in our defense, and that you will do all in your power for us in this, our most pressing and trying hour,

I am, very truly, yours,

WM. PORCHER MILES,

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

August 31, 1863-8 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Yesterday and to-day heavy firing on Sumter from land and naval batteries; effect of 300-pounder Parrots considerable. Garrison, however, in good spirits. Wagner still in good condition. Enemy's iron-clads propose, I think, running gauntlet of Sullivan's Island batteries into harbor. We will endeavor to give them a hearty welcome.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

21 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT II

