HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 31, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to communicate his wishes, as follows:

First. A list of the guns removed from Fort Sumter to other works since the 7th of April to date, and one off all guns that have burst or been otherwise permanently disabled.

Second. That Castle Pinckney and Fort Ripley be well provisioned and supplied with ammunition; and that the orders heretofore issued relative to the provisioning and ammunitioning of Morris, James, and Sulivan's Islands, and Christ Church Parish, if not already complied with, shall be at once executed.

Third. That you direct Colonel Rhett to use his sharpshooters freely, in case of a night attempt on the part of the enemy to destroy our rope obstructions. To this end, he should have some of the best rifles and riflemen.

Fourth. As soon as the new harbor batteries on James Island, west of Fort Johnson, are furnished with guns, they are to be supplied with ammunition, and manned.

Fifth. All harbor batteries must be kept prepared to open fire any night, at a moment's notice, until further orders.

Sixth. That as soon as the remaining guns of Sumter are dismounted or rendered unserviceable, the artillery company now there must be relieved by a company of infantry.

Seventh. That the carriages and chases for heavy guns be removed from Sumter as soon and rapidly as practicable.

Eighth. That while active operations are going on, you furnish a weekly report of the operation in your district to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 31, 1863.

J. R. TUCKER,

Flag-Officer, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Your two letters of this date been received, and I hasten today it is my to turn over to you the torpedo ram steamer for any purpose or service for which you may regard it as suitable or available at this juncture, and until it may be found convenient and judicious to mail and arrange her as originally designed.

General Ripley will be directed to make all practicable arrangements, in view of your views conveyed in your letter relative to your inability to furnish further aid in keeping up communications with Morris Island.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

