
If unable to find road commissioners who will loyally assist you in your duties, call on the planters to give you, in good faith, a list of their able-bodied make negroes between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, and, also, a statement of what amount of labor they have severally furnished on the works in South Carolina. Every man in the district must be required to send one-fourth, including that already furnished.

Should you find, after trial, that this does not work, take one fourth, irrespective of former contributions, excepting from those who voluntarily furnished labor at my call, last February and March. Working on railroads cannot be taken as ground of exemption.

Negroes found in your district, refugees, of course must fare the same as others. Send back all negroes who have run away from the works.

I repeat, as far as practicable, impress the slaves of those who hitherto have not furnished labor.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 2, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

The defense of Charleston is, in my opinion, the best protection for Wilmington. We are prepared to mount the second large Blakely gun. In my judgment, it should be sent hither. The fall of Charleston involves the loss of Wilmington. General Beauregard is inspecting defenses on James Island. This matter is so important I telegraph to you at once. General Whiting does not think he has the right, under the President orders, to send the big gun to Charleston.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 2, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: It has been brought to the knowledge of the commanding general, as a positive fact, that he supply of powder and the means of making powder have been diminished to a degree which makes it necessary to use the utmost economy in the expenditure of powder. I am therefore instructed to acquaint you with the state of the case, and to request you to give such instructions as will effectually prevent any waste. The batteries on Sullivan's Island last night, it is believed, threw away almost every pound of powder and iron discharged.

The fire of the enemy, mainly directed at Fort Sumter, was, on their side, an evident waste of ammunition and a useless expenditure of strength of the ordnance employed. That is just such an employment of his formidable means of offense as we should desire. The batteries on Sullivan's Island will, therefore, be placed under such restrictions as shall effectually prevent them hereafter

