
Besides the forces regarded as available, there are the following troops in the department:

Second Military District, South Carolina.-One company heavy artillery, ten companies cavalry; effective, 980.

Third Military District, South Carolina.-Five companies light and heavy artillery and twenty companies cavalry; effective, 1,800.

Fourth Military District, Georgetown (First South Carolina Battalion).-Three companies light artillery, nine companies cavalry; effective, 661.

District of Georgia (Savannah).-Heavy and light artillery and infantry companies doing artillery duty in positions, 1,960; cavalry, 1,732; infantry, 237; one regiments Evans' brigade, say, 419; effective, 4,350. This force is in occupation of works and lines as a minimum garrison, and cannot be reduced without risk of a coup de main.

District of East and Middle Florida.-Effective of all arms, 3,377.

Grand total, 11,168.

A large proportion of the forces above enumerated are cavalry, and can only be effectually employed in their present positions, consequently, they can render but little assistance in an emergency in the defense of Charleston.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 3, 1863-7 a. m.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

First instant about 11 p. m., Ironsides and six monitors advanced, with probable intention of removing obstructions and entering harbor, but stopped front of Sumter, and fired with destructive effect until nearly 5 a. m. Sullivan's batteries and Gregg opened on enemy with effect. Only 3 casualties in Sumter and 3 on Sulivan's Island.

Yesterday passed, firing as usual.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 3, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

Have reported repeatedly to Adjutant-General in July and August fact of arrival of re-enforcement to enemy. Three transport arrived with troops since 29th August. Other arrivals may have occurred unseen at night. Islands swarm with enemy's troops.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 3, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District;

GENERAL: It is the wish of the commanding general that calcium lights shall be so arranged on Sulivans' Island as to illuminate the obstructions opposite Fort Sumter. An inspecting officers of the general staff reports that one of the Wappoo Cut bridges is without a guard. Please call the attention of General Taliaferro to this matter, and direct to remedy the defiency at once.

