
It is understood that the light artillerists on Morris Island are relieved by men from the reserve batteries in the city, and it is thought time may be saved by transferring one of the light batteries in reserve to Fort Johnson, whence the men can be detached for service on Morris Island when needed, and those relieved may remain at Fort Johnson and man the battery until the return of the former.

This matter is, however, left entirely to your discretion.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 3, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: The 32-pounder rifled gun brought from Fort Sumter several days ago the commanding, general wishers transferee to the new battery under construction at Chilson's Mill.

Two of the three 42-pounder rifled and banded guns to be taken out of Fort Sumter may be sent at once to Fort Johnson, and the third will be brought to city for disposition.

The 11-inch Brooke gun, referred to in your letter of the 2nd instant, will be dismounted, and sent to the city for examination by Mr. Cameron and future orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, September 3, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In view of the continued wear and decrease of the effective strength of this command, and the exceeding improbability of the enemy attempting to occupy Fort Sumter, I propose to reduce the garrison at that place to two companies of infantry. The enemy's attack will probably be by his artillery from his iron-clads and his long-range guns. In the present condition of the fort, if his iron-clads pass the northern salient of the works, with a garrison at all crowded-and from its present condition there is little shelter-the injury inflicted must be in proportion to the strength of the command. A few muskets, aided by the fire of the batteries, in my opinion, will suffice to hold the site, and site, and protect any working parties we may have in the fort, and I think from 100 to 120 are ample for the service.

The powder, with the exception of about 800 pounds, was removed last night, and the work of removing projectiles and guns will be carried on as opportunity occurs.

One 10-inch columbiad was removed last night, which will be sent to Fort Johnson. It was brought up to the city.

A 32-pounder, rifled, brought up some time since from Fort Semter, is now on the wharf. It has not been assigned. I have ordered a carriage to be prepared for it.

