
CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 4, 1863-10.30 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Nothing worth recording since last report. Enemy still advancing approaches on Wagner-now 150 yards from sea salient. Our batteries annoy him as much as practicable. Few casualties daily.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 4, 1863.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy, Richmond, Va.:

To enable us to hold Morris Island to the last extremity, I appeal to you for the services of as many sailors as you can possibly give us from Richmond, Wilmington, Savannah, and other points, not less than 200, to be employed as oarsmen to convey troops and materiel to and from that island. I earnestly ask for this assistance at once.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 4, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

The positions for the two Blakely guns are already prepared on the City Battery, at foot of Meeting street.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Charleston, September 4, [14?], 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD;

GENERAL: A verbal message from you, though one of your staff, has just been delivered to me by Colonel Aldrich, asking for a copy of a telegram in reference to arming the six-months' troops.

I herewith inclose you copies of my letter to the Secretary of War,* and Colonel Georgas' reply thereto, * on this subject: also a copy of a letter from General Garlington to General Jordan,* of August 9, in which was inclosed also a copy of Colonel Gorgas' letter, and in which I suggested that it would be well to have the arms ordered here at once from the Augusta Arsenal, so that when the troops arrive, there will in arming them.

I need every arm of every description that I can command, for arming the citizens for the defense of the interior and upper, part of the State, and am therefore unable to supply the six-months's troops; hence I was thus careful to endeavor tho have provision made in advance for having them armed by the Confederate Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

---------------

* See Appendix, pp. 608, 609.

---------------

22 R R-VOL XXVIII. PT II.

