HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MIDDLE FLORIDA,Quincy, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Before leaving the district, I desire to, say that I am informed by Colonel Crawford that my recommendations, lately submitted though your office to the Government, for the defense of Columbus, Ga., and that section of the country, have been disapproved.

As Columbus is in this department, and the commanding general will feel the responsibility of its defense upon him, I will state that, anticipating a more favorable consideration of my recommendations, I had taken steps to prepare for its defense. With that view, I had commenced the organization of a cavalry regiment, which I intended to station in the neighborhood of Columbus. I have several companies of that regiment raised and mustered into service, and, in the course of a few weeks, could complete the regiment. While I can find ample employment for this regiment in my district, I still feel it my duty to notify the commanding general of the fact, as he may desire to use it in such arrangements as he may make for the defense of that portion of his department.

Other arrangements I had contemplated in the same connection, but deem it unnecessary to refer to them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

HOWEL COBB,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,September 11, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the War Department, with the request that a copy of the action of the War Department be furnished these headquarters, as there has been no paper disapproving General Cobb's recommendations passed these headquarters. General Cobb's recommendations were forwarded on the 16th August.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1863.

Respectfully returned to General Beauregard.

The records of the War Department and this office have been examined, and it does not appear that the papers within refereed to have been entered and placed on the files of either office. They were brought to this city by Colonel Crawford, and, as I learn from the Secretary of War, were placed in his bands by Colonel Crawford, to be laid before the President for his consideration and action. The recommendations of General Cobb were not approved, and the papers were so indorsed by the President, and handed back to the Secretary of War, who, in returning to his office, placed them on his table, where they were seen a short time after by Colonel Crawford, who read the indorsement of the President. This is the brief history of the case, as I learn from the Secretary of War, who informs me that the papers have been displaced from hid table since that time.

S. COOPEER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

