HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 5, 1863.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM.

Governor of South Carolina, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: It has become my duty to call on you for the services of the State troops at your disposition, and to ask that they many be as sembled and ordered to their posts without delay, one regiment to report to Brigadier-General Walker at Pocataligo, and the others to Brigadier-General Ripley, commanding in this quarter. Permit me to ask, also, that I may be informed of the earliest and the latest day that these troops may be at my disposition at the points indicated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, September 5, 1863.

President DAVIS, Richmond;

The enemy is still increasing his land forces at this point. Can you not send us re-enforcement of additional veteran troops?

M. L. BONHAM.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 5, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: Forewarned of the enemy's purpose to attack the battery at Cumming's Point, the commanding general hopes we may be able to foil and convert it into a signal disaster, to which end he wishes you tho acquaint Flag-Officer Tucker of the project, and request him to take such a position with his ships as may enable him to sweep with his fire the interior face of Morris Island and the month of Vincent's Creek. Battery Simkins will fire likewise, so as to sweep in front of the mount of the same creek, and later to the left of Cumming's Point. Battery Bee will be specially enjoined to direct her fire between Fort Sumter and Cumming's Point, so as to assist the gunboats ins sweeping the interior water five of Morris Island. Some of the guns of Fort Moultrie must also be brought to bear on the same face of the island, the rest of her armament giving attention to the monitors, but being employed in strict conformity with the views of the commanding general hitherto expressed on the subject of the fire of the Sullivan's Island batteries at the monitors at ranges which can promise no material results. This, of course, is not be construed to prevent, a fire when the monitors are seeking to run past, which, it is believed, may be determined in time by the exercise of judgment when such an effort is really being made.

Should the attempt on Battery Gregg be discovered in time at that point, rockets should be used there, to give warning to our batteries and the navy, and small fires on Cumming's Point might be carefully located so as to assist to indicate it, to our batteries, without giving material advantage to the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

