
white lead ins screwing in the screw-plug will entirely prevent evaporation of the water within, and thus obviate any liability in the phosphorus to spontaneous combustion, there being thus and exclusion of all atmosphere, and the phosphorus being thus kept submerged in water. In this condition the transportation of the projectiles becomes free from danger, and facile, although I would advise, out of an abundance of caution, that these projectiles never be transported in the same limber chests or ammunition boxes with cartridges, or powder of any description. The bursting charge can thus in a moment be introduced, through the fuse-hole, into metallic tube, already in position in the shell, the fuse inserted, and the projectile is ready for use. The tube should not be kept filled, it being a matter of but the fraction of a moment to fill it at the time of firing; and thus all liability to premature explosion being avoided.

I regard the experiments performed on the 28th ultimo as in every way successful, demonstrating the utility of the projectiles offered and their superiority over the so-called "liquid fires."

All of which is respectfully submitted.

CHARLES C. JONES, JR.,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Chief of Light Artillery, Mil. Dist. of Ga.

[P. S.]- I omitted to state that this incendiary shell, in addition to its peculiar virtues, when employed, scatters its iron fragments with the same effect as in ordinary cases.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GEORGIA,Savannah, September 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the general commanding, and the use of the shell strongly recommended.

H. W. MERCER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 6, 1863-9.45 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Sumter is now a noble mass of ruins, over which still float our colors. All its guns are disabled or dismounted, excepting one in casemate, with which morning and evening guns are fired. Nearly all those serviceable have been transferred to interior lines of defense. Two hundred infantry garrison the ruins to defend them to last extremity. This is fifty-eight day of attack.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 6, 1863-8 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General Richmond, Va.:

Terrible bombardment of Wagner and Gregg for nearly thirty-six hours. First work much damaged; repairs impossible. Approaches

