
of enemy within 40 yards of salient. Casualties, over 150. Garrison much exhausted. Nearly all guns disabled. Communications with city extremely difficult and dangerous, Sumter being silenced.

Evacuation of Morris Island becomes indispensable, to save garrison. It will be attempted to-night. This is fifth-eight day of attack.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

WARS DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, September 6, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

Orders were sent yesterday for the forwarding to you of the other large gun from Wilmington.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, September 6, 1863.

JAMES H. TAYLOR, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Your letter of yesterday, has just been received, and referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, chief engineer of this department, with instructions to consider promptly your suggestions in regard to the obstruction of Cooper and Ashey Rivers with timbers connected by strong chains, the building of batteries at the wharves of the city to command the channels above the fields of fire from White Point, the mounting of guns taken from Fort Sumter and other points, and the acceptance of the labor of the citizens of Charleston to execute the work. In reference to the removal of guns from Fort Sumter, you appear to have been misinformed. They have been removed in part; others will be.

Your suggestions as to obstructions and batteries, accord with the views of the engineers, and it is hoped the works may be constructed by the united efforts of all citizens. By their labor alone, in full concert with our engineer officers, can the desires results be obtained.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 7, 1863.-7 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

Forts Wagner and Gregg being no longer tenable-present difficulties and dangers of communication preventing supplies of men, ammunition, &c.-both works were abandoned successfully last night, with welcome assistance of navy here. Not one many of garrison (about 1,000) was lost. All dead were buried, and wounded safety removed. Enemy captured one boat's crew. Have since discovered Wagner was to be assaulted at 9 a. m. to-day. It has withstood a siege by land and sea of fifty-eight days.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

