
You will direct your special attention to the protection of the guns at Battery Simkins from the fire of batteries on Morris Island, south of Wagner, by the erection of proper traverses. In other words, the guns should be so arranged as to bear on that portion of Morris Island north of Battery Wagner. This is deemed an urgent matter by the commanding general.

You will also furnish tools to Evans' brigade, for clearing, &amp;c., in front of the Christ Church lines.

Finally, a platform for a 7-inch Brooke gun will be laid in Battery Wampler.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 7, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,

Savannah, Ga.:

Send forward remaining regiment of Evans' brigade; will be replaced by two regiments of State troops as soon as practicable.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 7, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: The commanding general wishes the battery at Mount Pleasant to be for two guns, the second gun being an 8-inch columbiad, which you will please have transferred at once from Fort Moultrie.

He further desires the Sullivan's Island Bridge, leading into Mount Pleasant, well guarded at night, to prevent its destruction by parties of the enemy in small boats.

The general desires to be informed whether the guns in Batteries Wagner, and Gregg were burst or otherwise permanently disabled, and their magazines and bomb-proofs blown up last night. If not, you will please make a report to these headquarters of the circumstances attending the evacuation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, September 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Yates has suggested the retirement of the guns from Shell Point, as he thinks it will be almost impossible to hold the place when the enemy get their batteries at work. I

