
refer the matter to headquarters, and suggest, perhaps, the retirement ot the Brooke gun. One has to come to town to be banded.

The unfortunate failure of the explosions last night will, I fear, hasten the attack on the guns at Shell Point and Fort Johnson. Much work is required at Fourth Johnson and the Martello Tower by the engineers, as several, are not traversed yet.

I have given the directions with regard to the boats, but, with the exception of the flats procured by Colonel Keitt, I have no knowledge often boats at Sullivan's Island, they having been collected and sent there by the engineers. I have to request that I may be informed of their number and the kind and capacity.

Very few Girardey fuses have been sent to Sullivan's Island; the district ordnance office reports that the reason is that the furs plugs have not been furnished from the arsenal, requisitions having been made weeks since.

I have to recommend that one of the 10-inch guns to be mounted in the city, when engineers have erected the batteries, be placed at once on Castle Pickney, to be replaced by the 11-inch gun when repaired and made fit for service, which I understand can be done either by casting a new trunnion on it or cutting down the rimbase.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGia, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 7, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date has been received and submitted to the commanding general. The following are his directions: The guns at Battery Simkins must be kept in position until absolutely no longer tenable, when they will be removed, at night, to other positions at Fort Johnson.

As the foundations of Castle Pickney are giving way under the pressure of the sand-bag chemise, it will not be safe to put and additional gun there; hence, the 10-inch gun referred to has been ordered to the Half -Moon Battery. The 11-inch Dahlgren will be located as soon as properly arranged. The 6.40-inch Brooke gun at Fort Johnson will be remanded at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 7, 1863.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER,

Pocotaligo, S. C.:

Send Eleventh South Carolina Regiment here without delay; will be replaced by regiment of State troops.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

