
HEADQUARTERED DISTRICT OF EAST FLORIDA,

Lake City, September 8, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston:

GENERAL: I respectfully beg leave to report, for the information of the commanding general, that Brigadier-General Cobb, having informed me that he would, in obedience to orders, leave the District of Middle Florida on yesterday, I immediately issued my orders (a copy of which is, herewith submitted), in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 153, from department headquarters, assuming command of that district.

I will divide my time about equally between the two districts, but prefer having all letters addressed to this place.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. EAST AND MIDDLE FLA., Numbers 25. Lake City, September 8, 1863.

I. In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 153, of August 7, 1863, from department headquarters, the undersigned hereby assumes temporary command of the District of Middle Florida, in addition to his own command of the District of East Florida, during the absence of Brigadier General H. Cobb.

II. All existing orders will remain in full force until further orders.

III. The staff of the brigadier-general commanding will embrace his own staff, assisted by that of General Cobb, though these staff officers will remain in their present position in the two districts.

IV. Commanding officers in the two district will forward returns, as heretofore.

V. Colonel Caraway Smith, senior officer, will make his headquarters at Quincy, and will be intrusted with all the details of business arising in the District of Middle Florida, Colonel R. B. Thomas is assigned a corresponding position in the District of East Florida, with headquarters at Lake City.

VI. The operations of the two districts will be kept entirely distinct, except in case of emergency, and the assistant adjutant-general and the ordnance officers of each district, and the inspector general of the District of Middle Florida, will be under the immediate command of the brigadier-general commanding, and the assistant adjutant-generals will remain in charge of the office and official papers in their respective districts.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier General Commanding Dists. of Middle and East Florida.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 213. Richmond, Va., September 8, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

XXXII. Brigadier General Howel Cobb is assigned to the duty of organizing at Atlanta, the Georgia militia, and such of the local force

