
of that State as have been ordered to that point by His Excellency the Governor of Georgia, for service in the Confederate States.

* * * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, September 9, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

Your telegrams, informing of the repulse of the iron-clads, and of the late brilliant affair at Sumter, have been received, with the live-lest satisfactory. We watch with intense anxiety the progress of your noble struggle, and each achievement, illustrative of the constancy and heroism of your gallant brethren in arms, is warmly appreciated, and affords hopeful augury of future triumph. The brave defenders of Charleston are honored and relied on throughout the Confederacy.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, September 9, 1863.

General J. F. GILMER, Charleston, S. C.:

Arrangements have been made to send a force of veteran troops to your aid.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 9, 1863.

Major S. ELLIOTT, Jr.,

Commanding Fort Sumter:

MAJOR: Inform Admiral Dahlgren distinctly that no flag from the United States military authorities will be received hereafter, until satisfactory written explanations are made both for the firing on the Juno, when under a flag, and for the failure to answer the inquiries made about Major Warley, and the other missing officers and soldiers of the Confederate States forces.

Twice, aught least, have they sent flags of truce to us, for their own purposes, since the delivery of the communications in question, which, thus far have remained unanswered.

Yesterday the naval officer, who came to receive the answer of these headquarters to Admiral Dahlgren's demand for the surrender of your post, it is understood, was expressly informed that explanations were required for the treatment of our flags of truce on several recent occasions, and that no flag would be received hereafter, until those explanations were made. The attempt, therefore, to penetrate this harbor, without such explanations, is offensive, and calls for explanation.

The fact is all flags of true originating or our side since early

