
brigade, and will proceed immediately to Folly Island and assume command of all the troops stationed there.*

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ISRAEL R. SEALY,

First Lieutenant, Forty-seventh New York Vols., A. A. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 2, 1863.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding U. S Forces, Morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: A colored brigade, 2,000 strong, will be encamped on the north end of Folly Island, for fatigue duty at the landing and on this island, on your requisition, approved at these headquarters. Five hundred of them will be available to-morrow and the balance after that.

General Vogdes' command will furnish 1,000 men for grand guard duty in the trenches every other day, commencing to-morrow. There will be no exchange of brigades or regiments between Morris and Folly Islands for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 459. Morris Island, S. C., August 2, 1863.

* * * * *

III. The troops recently arrived on the steamers Spaulding and Maple Leaf will land on Folly Island and report to Brigadier-General Vogdes.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 14. Morris Island, S. C., August 2, 1863.

In accordance with instructions received form the brigadier-general commanding the department, the commanding officer of each regiment at this post will select from his command, to the extent of 2 per cent. of the number reported "present for duty," those enlisted men who have proved themselves the best marksmen, and from the company officers that one who is most skillful in this respect, forwarding the names of such officers and men to Major Josiah I. Plimpton, Third New Hampshire Volunteers, assistant inspector-general.

The officers so selected will report each with the best rifle he can procure and its corresponding ammunition to Major Plimpton,at his office near these headquarters, at 2 p.m. to-morrow.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*General Vogdes resumed command of all the troops on Folly Island August 1.

---------------

