
ing them in all engagements with the iron-clads, to concentrate their fire as much as practicable, on the nearest vessel to the principal battery until she shall be forced to retire, then on the next, and so on. Should the Ironsides at any time come within effective range, it will be well to concentrate fire on her.

Further, the commanding general directs, if the submarine torpedo boat is not already raised, that Lieutenant Payne shall be relieved, and that the work of raising the vessel shall be placed under the direction of Ferguson, Mathewes, or other competent persons, as you may determine. Also, all boats and barges at all posts must be strictly guarded.

You will please inform these headquarters whether there is a night picket at the old March Battery, as previously ordered.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 9, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: In a communication from these headquarters to Colonel Harris, dated August 29 (a copy of which was furnished for your information), platforms were directed to be made and laid in the new battery on the Stono (Dill's place), now Battery Pringle, for two guns, 42 and 32 pounders, rifled, to be removed from Fort Pemberton, and for a 32-pounder, then being rifled at the arsenal.

The commanding general is informed that these transfers have not yet been accomplished. He wishes the order executed with as little delay as possible; and, in addition, if not already done, you will please remove from Fort Pemberton one 10-inch columbiad, to be placed in position at Battery Pringle, whither two 8-inch naval guns, from Battery Cheves, will also be transferred.

It is his further direction that all guns now in position shall be painted, as soon and as near as practicable, the color of the surrounding soil or grass.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Charleston, September 9, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I inclose this extract to show why a portion of the labor from Edgefield was not furnished. I learn that no agent appeared at other depots in the same district.

Very respectfully, your obedient,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Indorsements.]

Colonel [ALDRICH]:

Please ask the Governor whether the incident alluded to by Governor Pickens is of recent date.

[THOMAS JORDAN.]

