
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, September 10, 1863.

It was for the call of 14th August last, for one month. I have called Shannon's attention, and thought it would be well that Major Echols should also be apprised.

M. L. BONHAM.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, September 10, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major Echols, for his attention.

By command of General Beauregard:

CLIFTON H. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. S. ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Charleston, September 15, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Shannon, to indorse if an agent was not present.

WM. H. ECHOLS,

Major, and Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

CAMDEN, October 1, 1863.

I me the agent from Edgefield and Barnwell at the South Carolina Railroad depot in Charleston, and appraised the negroes on August 15. The agent was present then, and brought negroes down from the various depots, from Hamburg down, and stated to me, subsequently, that he left Hamburg at 11 a. m., and another train left after he did. Special trains, with agents, were run on both Columbia and Hamburg branches on August 14 and 15.

Governor Bonham sent me Governor Pickens' letter, when received, and I replied to it that Governor Picken's shows only why met no agent. My cards, published in all the papers for thirty-five days, and notices served on all the commissaries and town authorities, fixed 10 a. m., August 14, and yet Governor Pickens send his negroes to Hamburg, the head of the road, at 12 m. Of course the cars and agent had left. I think the agent's name is Williamson.

Respectfully,

WM. M. STANTON,

Agent of State.

C. S. ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Charleston, October 4, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

The agent and train had left at the appointed hour. Of course, Governor Pickens, on arriving two hours after, could not put his negroes on or see the agent.

WM. H. ECHOLS,

Major, and Chief Engineer South Carolina.

[Inclosure.]

EDGEWOOD, September 8, 1863.

His Excellency Governor BONHAM:

MY DEAR SIR:

* * * * *

It will afford me great pleasure to see those who have negroes on sale day. Monday, and try and get as many negroes as I can, according to your suggestions; I will cheerfully subscribe 10 myself to start. Many have never yet sent at all. I received a written notice to have

