
my quota at Hamburg depot "on Friday, 14th of August last, for an agent to receive, &amp;c." I sent my overseer with negroes from three places to Hamburg, on the exact day before 12 o'clock, and he remained with them until 10 o'clock the next day, and no agent to receive them ever appeared, and my overseer was informed at the depot that no such agent had been there, and of course the road would not take the negroes, and the overseer was obliged to bring them back.

I had five days' provisions, even, with wheat bread, so as to keep. Mackey, Shapton, and others on the river, had to take their negroes home also. I mention this to show how your orders are obeyed.

* * * * *

FRANCIS W. PICKENS.

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, September 9, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The accompanying paper has been referred to me for explanation, and I have respectfully to state that after I was placed in command here I was made acquainted with the regulations referred to in relation to flags of truce, and made an effort to carry it into effect. In several instances, however, after I was in command here, I saw flags of truce forwarded from the harbor to the enemy's fleet directly. As I had no right ot call for explanation from my military superiors, I could only suppose that the former arrangement had been abandoned. Not long since I saw one of our boats, with a flag of truce aboard, proceed from the inner harbor, and when near the two wrecks off Fort Moultire, stopped by the enemy's shot and remain stationary until one of the enemy's boats seemed to be coming to the same ground, and I caused her to be stopped by a shot, and while I was preparing to send a boat to her, I saw one come to her from either the city of Fort Sumter. This very morning i was one of the enemy's boats approaching with a flag of truce, and caused her to be stopped at the distance of more than amide from the shore, land then sent a telegraphic message to you to know if she should be communicated with. To this I received no reply, but I saw a boat bearing a flag of truce pass out from either Fort Sumter or the inner harbor and go to the enemy's boat. Not supposing that I had a right to fire on our own boats going out of the harbor, I did not interfere. It will give me great pleasure to carry out the views of the general commanding the department, and I am sure he will see from this statement that I am not in any wise subject to censure.

Very respectfully, &c.,

T. L. CLINGMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 8, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY, Commanding 1st Mil. Dist., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The order prescribing the point to which naval flags of truce should be made to repair-that is, in immediate front of Battery Marshall-has never been revoked or modified.

23 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT II

