HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 10, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you that three brigades of troops are expected to arrive in the First Military District in the course of a few days, and the commanding general directs that proper dispositions shall be made for their reception.

Two of these brigades will be sent to James Island, and the other will remain in the city temporarily in reserve.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS JORDAN,]

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 10, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you of the arrival from Richmond of a party of 130 officers and men, under the command of Lieutenant Rochelle, C. S. Navy. These men were ordered here for harbor service, and have been directed to report to Captain Tucker.

The commanding general desires you to confer with Captain Tucker, and determine what arrangement may be best to carry on and protect our communications with Sumter and Sullivan's Island. He thinks that who or more launches, with howitzers, the torpedo ram, and the Juno, should be used exclusively for that purpose.

Captain Hasker's launch, the one captured by the June, and others, might be fitted up at once for the police of the harbor, and to protect Captain Gray in putting down torpedoes in the outside channel.

You will please give your immediate attention to the organization of the water transportation and harbor police, and ascertain from Captain Tucker how far he may able to assist, or whether he would prefer superintending the organization himself. Of course the two, transportation and harbor police, should be under the control of the same head.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY,Sullivan's Island, September 10, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: A communication from the chief of staff, department headquarters, has been sent to me, indorsed official, relating to flags of truce from the enemy, but with reference particularly to a flag-of-truce boat which came to the entrance of the harbor on the morning of the 7th of this month.

