
of a communication from the Adjutant-General to General Beauregard,* in reference to the amount of ammunition which has been expended in the thus far successful defense of Charleston.

I can only remark that while every instruction has been given, and every effort will be made to economize the ammunition at our disposal, I know of no way to repel the attacks of the enemy, except by the use of the heavy artillery, which must, on certain occasions, be at long range, and on others be heavy and continuous, for while we lie quiet to save powder and projectiles, guns are dismounted by the unresisted fire of his iron-clads and land batteries.

The supply of powder thus far is in advance of the projectiles, and I respectfully recommend that measures be taken to collect such reserve quantity of both as it is possible, with a view to probable necessities in the prolonged defense.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, September 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department and Ordnance Bureau.

Permit me to add that a material saving of ammunition would be effected by sending here fuses of better quality. No more than one-fifth heretofore furnished burst property or with accuracy, thus causing a useless waste of shells and ammunition.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 14, 1863.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Present:

DEAR GENERAL: I am indirectly informed that General Taliaferro could put nearly 30,000 men on the cremaillere lines, if he had the tools and the engineer officers to superintend the works. Will you see what can be done in the matter? It is so important to complete those lines that I wish his proposition accepted at once, if practicable.

Yours, &amp;c.,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 14, 1863.,

[General G. T. BEAUREGARD:]

GENERAL: In obedience to instructions contained in Special Orders, No 179, we, the Board of Officers appointed to determine the armament of the batteries of the new lines on James Island, and on

*See Cooper ot Beauregard, September 1, 1863, p. 328.

