SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 41. Morris Island, S. C., August 2, 1863.

In accordance with instructions received from Colonel Turner, chief of artillery, the following changes are ordered in the artillery detachments of this command: Lieutenant Sellmar, with 20 men from the Eleventh Maine Volunteers, now on duty at Battery Weed, will relieve Lieutenant Barker, Company D, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, in command of the two sea-coast mortars. Lieutenant Barker upon being relieved, will report, with the detachment of Company D under his command, to his company commander for duty. Lieutenant Read, Company B, Third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, will also report to his company for duty.

Captain Wiley, Company E, One hundred and seventy-eighth [Enfans Perdus] New York Volunteers, will detail 20 men of his command to report to Captain Comstock, Company M, third Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, commanding Battery Weed, to take the place of the detachment of the Eleventh Maine Volunteers relieved.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 3, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I am more and more convinced that we can practically invest this island, or at least keep all steamers away from Cumming's Point. Last night my lookout boat lay within 400 yards of Cumming's Point until 11 o'clock and then moved in a northerly direction, and remained within about 1,000 yards of Fort Sumter (due west) until 3 o'clock this morning.

Nothing visited Cumming's Point during the night excepting three row-boats. A large steamer anchored abreast of Fort Sumter just after dark, and remained there until just before daybreak, and then moved toward the city.

I have made the same arrangements for to-night that were in force last night. I have no howitzer-boats. Could you not prevent the small boats reaching Cumming's Point with your boat howitzers?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER DINSMORE,

Off Morris Island, August 4, 1863.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: Yours of the 3rd has been received. In order that the object of it may be better attained, it will be advisable that the officers who observes for you inside of Cumming's Point should communicate how the boats, &amp;c., should operate, when the signal, and in

