
the Upper Stono, respectfully submit the accompanying statements of proposed armament as the result of our deliberations upon this subject, marked A and B.

The Board also recommend that no more guns be ordered from the old to the new line east of Battery Pringle, on James Island, until the chief engineer reports the batteries ready for their armament, or until the general commanding may consider it safe and advantageous to make the entire change.

To insure a prompt execution of the work, when the transfer of armament is once commenced, the Board will further recommend that the ordnance and quartermaster's departments be instructed to make full preparation for the transportation of the guns, and that the roads of communication be put in thorough repair.

We further recommend that no more of the platforms at Fort Pemberton be removed.

We hand herewith, for information, the present armaments of Fort Lamar and the eastern and western lines, James Island. (See statement marked C.)

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and President of the Board.

AMBROSIO JOSE GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery.

D. B. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Engineers.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 16, 1863.

The recommendations of the Board, relative to the armament of the new lines and of the works in Saint Andrew's Parish, are approved.

The movement of guns proposed will take place as soon as the chief engineer shall have reported all the works of the new line sufficiently completed to receive their armament, or until the movements of the enemy should indicate an evident intention of operating toward that part of James island.

Meanwhile, the chief of ordnance will commence immediately to have rifled and banded those guns of the old lines recommended by the Board to be thus altered, taking away from their present positions only as many guns as can be worked upon at once, and from such parts of the line as the chief of artillery on James Island shall indicate.

The quartermaster's department must be informed by the chief of ordnance of the probable number of guns to be moved to the city to be altered and of the number to be transferred rapidly from the old to the new lines.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 19, 1863.

Colonel Waddy should be furnished with a copy of these papers.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

