HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 18, 1863.

List of guns on James Island for distribution, recommended to be rifled and banded by Board of Officers called together by Paragraph VI, Special Orders, Numbers 179, dated the 10th of September, 1863, to determine the armament of the new lines on James Island and works on the Upper Stono:

No.	 Caliber	 Position	 Remarks

1	 12-pounder	 Battery	 To be banded.

Numbers 1.

1	 18-pounder	 Battery	 To be rifled and banded

Numbers 3.

2	 24-pounders	 Fort Lamar	 Now in position, and

 	 	 recommended to remain; to

 	 	 be banded.

1	 18-pounder	 Battery Wilkes	 To be rifled and banded.

2	 24-pounders	 Battery Haig	 To be banded.

1	 12-pounder	 Battery Palmer	 Do.

2	 32-pounders	 Battery	 To be rifled and banded.

Numbers 2.

2	 32-pounders	 Battery	 Do.

Numbers 4.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 14, 1863-7 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Small party of enemy endeavored to tap telegraphic communications with Savannah, near Combahee. I ordered their retreat cut off. One lieutenant, chaplain, operator, and negro soldier were captured. Others being pursued. Took also instrument and some wire.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 14, 1863-7 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy still working, under fire, on his Morris Island batteries, bearing on my Sullivan's and James Island batteries. It is becoming evident he will be compelled to attack Charleston by land with large army. My forces must then be strongly re-enforced, to insure success on our part.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, September 4, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

I have convened the Legislature, with the expectation of putting in the field, under State authority, all the troops I can arm. Learning from General Beauregard that there is some difficulty in arming the 5,00 six-months' troops now ordered out, I again respectfully call your attention to that subject, as I will not have as many arms as I can use.

M. L. BONHAM.

