
[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 14, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: Above is a copy of a telegram which His Excellency Governor Bonham has sent to the Secretary of War. He directs me to send you a copy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. ALDRICH,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 15, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY, Commanding 1st Mil. Dist., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to communicate to you the following orders of the commanding general:

First. That the treble-banded Brooke gun, which burst on Sullivan's Island, be brought to the city as soon as practicable.

Second. That if not already done, the other Brooke gun, which arrived from Richmond, be forthwith sent to Sullivan's Island. This was ordered several days ago.

Third. That you will please inform these headquarters whether the order in reference to the picket at Monk's Corner has yet been complied with, and any deserters arrested.

Fourth. That you turn over temporarily to Lieutenant Rochelle, C. S. Navy, for army transportation and guard purposes in the harbor, all row-boats, barges, &amp;c., not required for your current wants, taking proper receipts.

Fifth. That, as soon as possible, you have removed from Fort Sumter all the lead, copper, good carriages, chassis, &c., especially the carriage and chassis of the 11-inch gun now required in the city.

Sixth. That you have reconstructed the observatory at Secessionville, and also erect one near Battery Cheves or Haskell.

Seventh. That the commanding officer at Fort Johnson be directed to employ actively the troops there in constructing bomb-proof and rifle-pits.

Eighth. That Colonel Butler, at Moultrie, be directed to employ actively as many of his regiment as practicable in removing the debris from the interior, to throw over the parapet into the ditch of the water face, under the direction of the engineer department, to form a chemise to the scarp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Numbers 52. Charleston, September 15, 1863.

I. Persons between the ages of forty and fifty years, who have furnished substitutes in the Confederate service, are not thereby discharged or exempted from service in the organization of six-months' troops for State defense, and all orders exempting or discharging such persons are hereby countermanded.

By command:

A. C. GARLINGTON,Adjutant and Inspector General of South Carolina.

