HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 16, 1863.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Second in Command, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: The report of the Board of Officers, of which you were senior officer, upon the armament of the new lines on James Island, and the works on the Upper Stono, with recommendations relative to the same has been received, and I am instructed to communicate for your information, the remarks of the commanding general on the same, as follows:

The recommendations of the Board relative to the armament of the new lines and of the works in Saint Andrew's Parish are approved; the movement of guns proposed will take place as soon as the chief engineer shall have reported all the works of the new line sufficiently completed to receive their armament, or until the movement of the enemy should indicate an evident intention of operating toward that part of James Island.

Meanwhile, the chief of ordnance will commence immediately to have rifled and banded those guns of the old lines recommended by the Board to be thus altered, taking away from their present positions only as many guns as can be worked upon at once, and from such parts of the line as the chief of artillery on James Island shall indicate. The quartermaster's department must be informed by the chief of ordnance of the probable number of guns to be moved to the city to be altered, and of the probable number to be transferred rapidly from the old to the new lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CLIFTON H. SMITH,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., September 18, 1863-7.30 a. m.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

Severe storm prevailed all yesterday. Enemy strongly fortifying sever points on Morris Island, showing intention of holding it with garrison while operating in other direction. His reconnaissance will soon indicate where.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, September 18, 1863.

Governor M. L. BONHAM:

Your telegram of 15th [14th], to Secretary of War, received. Arms will be provided for State troops, as indicated in letter of July 30.*

J. GORGAS.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 19, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The commanding general instructs me to communicate the following orders:

First. That the batteries about Redoubt Numbers 1 fire occasionally on vessels in Light-House Creek, if their guns can reach that far without too great danger of bursting.

Second. That Sumter and the surrounding batteries be supplied with assure and well-understood signal for opening fire in case of another attack by barges, &amp;c.

*See Appendix, p. 609.

