
Regiment, Colonel John E. Carew, South Carolina militia, will be disbanded, on the 26th instant, under the following regulations:

The officers of the regiments above named will, without fail, furnish Major Perryman, enrolling officer in this city, with complete lists of the names of all officers and men in the regiments between the ages of eighteen and forty, present and absent, and all those present between the ages of eighteen and forty will be turned over to Major Perryman on the 24th instant.

A list of all officers and men between the ages of forty and fifty in these three regiments will be furnished the adjutant and inspector general of the State of South Carolina on or before the 25th instant, to be organized into companies for the three regiments of six-months' troops, called for by the President, excepting the company to be formed from the Eighteenth Regiment, Colonel Farew, now on duty at Summerville, which company will remain on duty there, the captain of said company reporting in person to the adjutant and inspector general of the State of South Carolina, with a complete list of the names of the men between the ages of forty and fifty.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESON, S. C.,

September 22, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your orders to me are executed. My brigade is move, and camp established on the Wappoo, near where its road crosses the Savannah turnpike. We are at Thompson's plantation quarters. All we want at present are wagons, tools, and tents. As yet the whole brigade is supplied with eight wagons only. We need at least seven or eight to a regiment and at least five ambulances. With your approbation, I propose to apply to Richmond for wagons, implements, and tools, and some tents. And I also venture to suggest that if allowed to procure a wagon-maker's shop, and the necessary tools, I can detail a number of excellent mechanics, wheelwrights and blacksmiths, to make wagons, carts, and ambulances, and they can prepare the wooden materials, if iron can be furnished. At all events, they can repair the broken vehicles of all sorts sufficient for my command.

When ordered to Charleston, I was instructed to leave the artillery and cavalry as they where then and there posted. The artillery permanently attached to this brigade consisted of two batteries, French's and Armistead's. The cavalry consisted in part of the Holcombe Letion, five companies from South Carolina. These troops, the two batteries, and especially the South Carolina cavalry companies, were very desirous of moving to this post with me. I am equally anxious to have them here. I beg that you will approve of the request to have them sent to my command, and that the cavalry be ordered to bring on some tents and wagons, by wagon train, for my infantry.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

