HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, October 1, 1863.

Respectfully returned to commanding general.

Colonel Harris states:

Instructions have already been given in regard to the protection of the magazines and guns referred to within, and are now being carried out. The doors of some of the old magazines are rather low, but this slight inconvenience must be submitted to. The present dripping from the wet sand, with which the magazine of Battery Cheves was covered, will soon cease, when the magazine will be as dry as heretofore.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 23, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: It is the wish of the commanding general that you call on Generals Hagood, Colquitt, and Taliaferro, and Colonels Keitt and Harrison to furnish the names of such officers and men as have specially distinguished themselves for zeal and gallantry in the discharge of their duties on Morris Island during the tours of duty of those commanding officers on that island; also on Colonel Rhett and Major Elliott for the same, in reference to the defense of Fort Sumter. You will also please carry out the following orders:

Moultire House, Sullivan's Island, not to be destroyed by our troops, unless too close to our batteries. It serves as a good object to draw the enemy's fire.

The 8-inch rifled and banded gun heretofore ordered t the foot of Laurens street, where a 10-inch gun has been put, will be sent to Fort Moultrie, Colonels Butler and Harris to determined its position.

The 11-inch gun on Sullivan's Island will have to be transferred to the eastern chamber of Battery Bee. Transfer the gun too much masked in Battery Bee, designated by commanding general to engineer officer, to position east of an 8-inch columbiad.

The old 32-pounder rifled gun, Numbers 27, in Moultire, should be sent t the city for rerifling, and a proper mechanic to Moultrie to bush another 32-pounder rifle, in position there.

The sand-bags of embrasures to be kept wet during actin. The Yates traversing arrangements in Moultire and the outside batteries appear to be all out of order, which was not the case in Fort Sumter. Order an ordnance officer to see to this at once. If Colonel Yates be available, order him to make an inspection forthwith.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WEMYSS FEILDEN,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 23, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The commanding general instructs me to inquire if Fort Sumter is amply provided with water.

