
He also directs that in the day-time our batteries only fire on Morris Island when they see the enemy actively at work, and at might they should fire only at irregular intervals. We must economize our ammunition and guns as much as possible for a long siege.

It is the wish of the commanding general that Fort Sumter be furnished with disinfectants, and that one company of the garrison be changed weekly.

He further directs that you send a detachment of Earle's battery, under Captain Early, with the larger Foote gun to Buckingham Ferry, for the purpose of annoying the enemy's communication between Fort Pulaski and Hilton Head.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

September 24, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy working assiduously on his Morris Island batteries. In few days Fort Sumter will have four or five guns mounted. Preparations on Sullivan's Island progressing well.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 24, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I send you herewith a list of available guns in Sumter on the 23rd instant. Please communicate the same to Major Elliott and to Mr. Mathews, for their guidance. If still in time, that 8-inch gun from Moultrie need not be sent to Mount Pleasant, as one from Sumter is ordered there. Chasis and carriage may, however, be sent, if there be any to spare in Moultrie.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.-The 8-inch in Moultrie I ordered to Mount Pleasant must, nevertheless, be removed to some other position, to make room for the traverses ordered.

[Inclosure.]

Available guns in Sumter, September 23, 1863.

No.	 Caliber	 Positions	 Remarks.

 	 assigned

2	 10-inch	 Sumter	 Without casemate

 columbiads	 	 carriages and chassis.

2	 8-inch	 One to Haskell	 Only one carriage,

 columbiads	 and one to	 without elevating screw.

 	 Mount Pleasant

1	 42-pounder,	 Sumter	 Do.

 rifled

1	 42-pounder,	 City (for	 One with band burst, the

 rifled	 Pinckney)	 other still in the

 	 	 ruins.

1	 8-inch shell	 Marshall	 With casemate carriage;

 gun	 	 must be sent with

 	 	 barbette carriages, &amp;c.

2	 32-pounder,	 Sumter and	 With one casemate

 rifled	 Haskell	 carriage; one gun to

 	 	 Haskell, with barbette

 	 	 carriage, &c.

2	 32-pounder,	 City	 With one casemate

 smooth	 	 carriage (for rifling).

2	 10-inch	 Near Moultrie	 Without beds

 mortars	 	 (earriages).

P. S.-Another 42-pounder is at the arsenal, to be remanded.

