HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 24, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that in Major Elliott's report from Fort Sumter, of the 23rd instant, he says that the fire of Moultrie on the sand-hills and Gregg, produces but little effect, but when directed at Wagner, where the working parties are larger, it invariably causes them to seek cover.

He also directs you to appoint a board of competent persons, to estimate the value of the submarine torpedo-boat at the time she was taken possession of by the military authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 25, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Department:

Memoranda, September 24, 1863.-Visited the works at Fort Johnson, accompanied by Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, chief engineer of this department, and noted the following items, for the information of the general commanding, viz:

First. I found the main magazine at Fort Johnson without a sentinel to guard it, although much exposed by the proximity of a large working force. I gave orders to Colonel Olmstead, commanding the post, to station a sentinel at the door without delay, and to keep one there night and day.

Second. No progress is being made in the construction of the infantry bomb-proof commenced by the troops. Colonel Olmstead's attention was called to the matter, and instructions were given him to detail some handy men to saw all the timber at hand into the proper dimensions for the frame work, to do all possible for pressing on the construction. There is an apparent want of zeal on the apart of the officers at Fort Johnson to do the work they have undertaken, and which they have been ordered to do.

Third. Battery near the Martello Tower. The 10-inch columbiad provided for the chamber just east of the magazine was allowed to fall from its support on to the chassis and platform, bruising the former and breaking the traverse circle. In this position the columbiad had rested since its fall last Monday, 21st instant. Everything is ready for mounting it, and this should be done at once.

Fourth. The gun platform on which the 7-inch Brooke gun is mounted is not level. The engineer officer was directed by Colonel Harris to correct this.

Fifth. At Fort Johnson the rubbish of the large brick building now being torn down should be removed by the garrison and thrown at the base of the large traverse protecting it from the wash of the sea. The negro force, as far as possible, should be kept at the earthwork until good cover is obtained for the guns at the Martello Tower, and the necessary infantry line is finished which sweeps the approach along the beach from Battery Simkins. There is important work enough for all, that should be completed without delay.

