
Sixth. Some of the old houses serve as a blind while the earthwork is in progress, and should not be torn down until no longer needed by the engineers for the purpose.

Seventh. About 350 feet of the new wharf from James Island still requires flooring; all the piles appear to have been driven.

Eighth. The gun platform, columbiad, which has been landed at Fort Johnson, should be taken as soon as possible to Battery Wampler and put in position.

Respectfully submitted.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, September 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Chief of Ordnance Department:

COLONEL: On the 24th instant I inspected the ordnance and ordnance stores at the following batteries: Haskell, Tatom, Ryan, and Redoubt Numbers 1, eastern lines, all under the command of Major Edward Manigault, and have the honor to submit the following report:

These works, with Batteries Simkins and Cheves, constitute the defensive lines on the eastern shore of James Island, facing Morris Island, Simkins, and Redbout Numbers 1, the right and left flanks, respectively. The armament of Battery Haskell consists of the following pieces: One sea-coast howitzer, 8-inch siege-carriage, one 4-inch Blakely, one of the James bronzed field pieces, captured at Shiloh, one 20-pounder double-banded rifle, and two mortars, 10-inch; in all, ten pieces.

The Blakely projectiles are reported by Major Manigault inefficient, having neither the range nor accuracy required, and it is respectfully recommended that other shot be cast for these guns of the pattern now in general use for rifled pieces, with flexible metallic sabots.

One of the 4.62 banded rifles has been fired in this battery 261 rounds only, and now exhibits evidence of weakness, the rear or breech band having started from its original seat. The two mortars are on cast-iron beds, with wooden transoms of pine timber. There se transoms are severely shaken, and cannot sustain many more discharges for long range.

The armament of Batteries Ryan and Tatom are from the guns belonging to the siege train, all of which are in order.

Redoubt Numbers 1 will be noticed in this report on the eastern lines, to which it properly belongs.

In my last report, of the 23rd instant, I expressed my reason for reporting on the construction of magazines, and which I need not again repeat.

The magazines in Haskell, Tatom, and Ryan, are all defective in construction, cramped in accommodation, and unfit for the storage of powder. The struts of the door have sprung from pressure. The revetment is of round timber, which will roll out of place when the struts fail, and to the entrance of one the sod revetment is perpendicular. The earth on this has cracked open on the right of the door way, and will certainly fall in when shaken by the first shell that may lodge in or near the magazine. It is considered so unsafe that

