
equal to 1,500 rounds. A 24-pounder, fired with a bolt of 80-pounds, is equivalent to firing 426 pounds from a 10-inch. A safe limit for banded guns should be double the weight due the caliber for either shot or shell, and this, with an initial velocity of 1,000 feet, gives 10,600 pounds impact over round shot at 40 feet from the gun, and a much greater impact and extreme ranges.

Fourth. Experience as regards columbiad barbette carriages shows that they are too weak in design and plan to sustain long-continued firings at thigh angles. In one of our batteries out of five pieces all are without eccentric wheels. It is respectfully suggested that the use of rear eccentric wheels be abandoned; that strong lunettes be placed on the rear and bottom of the carriage, to be worked with rolling handspikes.

Fifth. In mortar beds wooden transoms will not answer. There are four mortars in our batteries which are unserviceable from this cause.

The foregoing remakes were suggested by the present condition of our batteries now playing on the enemy's works.

I have the pleasure of reporting Major Manigault's batteries in good keeping and well preserved.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN G. BARNWELL,

Major, Corps of Artillery, C. S. Army, Insp. Ord. Dept.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,Charleston, October 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

The defects referred to in the Blakely projectiles have been before reported upon, and I am informed by the commanding officer of the arsenal that they are the same projectiles sent from England with the guns. Some of this officer's ideas on rifling guns are good.

Other suggestions are approved.

J. R. WADDY,

Chief of Ordnance.

OCTOBER 16, 1863.

Send extract relating to rifling of guns, &amp;c., to Colonel Rains, of Augusta Arsenal, for his views and such instructions as he thinks ought to be given on the subject.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD],

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SCOUTING PARTY,Secessionville, September 25, 1863.

Captain W. T. TALIAFERRO, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: During the past two days I have been engaged in making a partial reconnaissance of the islands in front. I have discovered three picket posts on Long Island (between James and Folly), about 300 yards apart, and am led to believe that these posts comprise so many links in a chain extending from point to point, and running along the side of the island fronting Secessionville.

