
Events that have since transpired show them to have been eminently so, for, after having entered into a solemn agreement with me for mutually paroling and returning to their respective commands the wounded prisoners in our hands, you declined to return the wounded officers and men belonging to my colored regiments, and your subordinate in charge of the exchange asserted that that question had been left for after-consideration. I can but regard this transaction as a palpable breach of faith on your part, and a flagrant violation of your pledges as an officer.

In your second letter of the 22nd ultimo, you request me to return to you Private Thomas Green, of Company H, First [Regular] Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, for the alleged reason that he left your lines on the 19th, during the suspension of hostilities under a flag of truce.

I beg leave to state that you are laboring under a misapprehension. Private Green did not enter my lines during the existence of a flag of truce. It is true that, under a flag of truce on the day referred to, I requested permission of the officer in command of Fort Wagner to receive and bury my own dead, a request which was refused me, and then the truce ended. I refrained from opening my batteries on that day because some of my own wounded were seen lying just outside the fort, in plain view, exposed to a burning sun throughout the entire day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FLAG-STEAMER DINSMORE,

Off Morris Island, August 6, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Last night one of your steamers succeeded in running down a boat of this squadron, and it is stated by several of our men that they were fired at in the water after the steamer had passed over the boat. Of course it was obvious to every one that under the circumstances our men were entirely helpless.

Such a practice is entirely in violation of every rule of civilized war, and I call on you to punish whoever can be convicted of having perpetrated such an act, otherwise it will be impossible for me to prevent retaliation by our men whenever the opportunity may occur.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Indorsement.]

CHARLESTON, August 8, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Flag-Officer Tucker, to whom it should have been addressed originally.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

