
have been delivered at the work for the foundation of the interior structure, and were being driven by a hand pile-driver. The local engineer was instructed to work the machine day and night until all the piles, about 43, were driven. The superstructure can be built rapidly when the foundation is once established; good position will be thus prepared for two guns. If the 8-inch columbiad, now in the Castle, could be replaced by a rifled gun, it would add to the efficiency of the battery. The platform over the magazine is now ready for mounting the third gun, and it should be sent as early as practicable to its positions. The police of the post was found to be good, and but little sickness in garrison.

Fort Ripley.-From Castle Pinckney I went to Fort Ripley. The attachments to the columbiad platform for traversing the gun require adjustment. For this purpose a workman from the ordnance shops should be sent to this work. The local engineer, Mr. Hume, is driving piles to strengthen the northwest angle of the fort, which has subsided. These, with ballast thrown around them, may prevent further settlement. Lieutenant Inglesby, commanding at Fort Ripley, reported that there were about 5,000 pounds of powder at the place. A portion of this should be removed. The supply of solid shot (there are no shells) on hand for each gun is 126. This should be increased to at least 150 rounds for each.

Battery at Chisolm's Mill.-Progressing well; one 10-inch columbiad mounted and covered by its parapet; the second chamber about one-third done.

Battery at foot of Calhoun street.-Workmen preparing platform for gun; earthwork not commenced.

Battery at foot of Laurens street.-Gun mounted on platform parapet; pretty well advanced.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 28, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that the two mortars which were removed from Fort Sumter shall be placed in position near Fort Moultrie, to fire on Morris Island. The engineers will be instructed to prepare positions.

If not already done, please direct an 8-inch columbiad and one 32-pounder rifled gun, of those recently brought away from Fort Sumter, be sent to Battery Haskell.

Some of the batteries on James Island, not bearing on the Stono or the harbor, may have solid shot, which are not needed, as they should only employ shell. Please have this investigated and regulated. Solid shot should be removed from such batteries.

Has a staff officer ascertained and taken steps to supply wants of Anderson's brigade?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS JORDAN,]

Chief of Staff.

