
WASHINGTON, D. C., August 7, 1863-9.40 a.m.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,

Alexandria, Va.:

Your division will embark on transports for Morris Island, to re-enforce General Gillmore.* The Commissary and Quartermaster's Departments will furnish you with all necessary supplies. Your destination will not be made public till you are sea.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 7, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I inclose a slip from the New York Weekly Times, of August-, containing an extract from the Boston Transcript, giving information calculated to hazard the success of our operations here.

Colonel Jackson, Third New Hampshire Volunteers, is now absent after drafted men for his regiment. His home is at Portsmouth, N. H.; the depot for drafted men is at Concord. If he is guilty of furnishing the information accredited to him, he should be summarily dismissed the service, and I urgently request that the matter may receive your immediate attention. I have no doubt he furnished the information.#

It is idle to attempt to hold regular newspaper correspondents to the observance of strict rules, when our own officers are allowed to furnish information to the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 11, 1863.

The Secretary of War directs that Colonel Jackson be ordered to Washington in arrest.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]

THE REBEL WORKS.

The Boston Transcript has the following information concerning the rebel works on Morris Island, derived from Colonel J. H. Jackson, of the New Hampshire Third, who has arrived home:

"Fort Wagner is a large and very strong work. In its capacious, bomb-proof apartments it can shelter thousands of men. It was re-enforced just before the Federal assault on the 18th. In that attack a portion of the Union troops made their way to the walls of the fort, but could not scale the enemy's defenses, and were there

---------------

*The First Division, Eleventh Army Corps.

#See Jackson to Kelton, August 31, p. 71.

---------------

