
same purpose. King's corn-field, between Church Flats and Rantowles, should be watched, with a gun or two in position, and a small infantry support, to prevent a crossing of the Stono there, and John's Island Ferry should be held at all hazards with an independent force from the garrisons of Charleston; for the cardinal idea n our defense should be to compel the enemy, in his effort be ton the Neck, to swing round with as long a radius as possible, Charleston being the center. White Point, Simmons' Landing, and Church Flats are landings on the Stono and Wadmalaw. Church Flats is a crossing by bridge and causeway; John's Island Ferry is a difficult crossing by ferry; King's corn-field is a place where a military bridge may be thrown across. All these places are more or less strengthened by works. Togodo Creek, between White Point and Simmons' Landing, has never been obstructed; is navigable for vessels of light draught, and should be closely watched. There are no works here. White Point is the key to the position. The works carried here give the enemy access to the Willstown and Rantowles road, running parallel to and in rear of our defenses, all of which are open works.

If the enemy effect a crossing east of Rantowles road, running rapidly take position behind the Ashely crossing at Bacon's and Slann's Bridges, but keeping a strong advanced guard on the west side. If, however, he is compelled to cross west of Rantowles, our second line is the Caw Caw Swamp. The left is at Rantowles, a very strong position if approached by the road in front, but liable to be turned by a passage across rice-fields from Peronneau's to Rutledge Island, which should be strengthened and closely watched. The center is the crossing at Caw Caw Causeway. This is where the New road crosses the swamp; also a very strong position. Thence our line follows the northwest branch of the swamp toward Parker's Ferry. From Ruthledge Island to a point one-half mile west of Caw Caw Causeway the swamp is impracticable for troops. The reset of our second line is weak. The swamp having been all cleared and drained in former years, it is now nothing more than a succession of wet meadow, intersected with old rice-field detaches. The points at which roads cross these meadow have light field works. When the enemy has carried our first line, he will either move down the Willstown and Parker's Ferry roads to Rantowles and endeavor to carry the left of our second line, or he will operate against our right, with a view to turning it. We must, if practicable, compel him ot the last, swinging him off as far as possible from Charleston. This line should be held, too, until any troops ordered from the Third District should have joined us by way of the crossings of the Edisto River above Parker's Ferry.

Our disposition of troops here should be with the cavalry and some light pieces in front of our right, along the west branch of the swamp, subserving the purpose of an advanced guard to the weak portion of our lines, and to operate on the enemy's flank and rear. The reserve at the intersection of the Parker's Ferry and Beach Hill (or New) road. In abandoning this line, our troops from Caw Caw Causeway to the right, inclusive, should go back direct upon Slann's and Bacon's Bridges, on the Ashley. Those of our left should cross Rantowles Creek at Rantowles Bridge or at Lowndes', if the military bridge here has been completed. Thence, either by Bee's Ferry or through the city, to the eastern bank of the Ashley, and take position for the defense of that river. The Ashley River takes its rise in an impassable swamp, known as the Great Cypress, which runs from near

