
Ridgeville, on the South Carolina Railroad, in a southwesterly direction for 10 or 15 miles. From where the river leaves this swamp (say a mile above Slann's Bridge) to a mile below Bacon's Bridge, the river runs through a limestone bed, is on an average no 30 yards wide, is fordable anywhere, and has a comparatively dry and narrow swamp, lying chiefly on the west side. The eastern side is quite precipitous for the low country, and is strengthened by field works. The distance between Slann's and Bacon's Bridges is about 3 miles. From where the river ceases to be fordable down to Bee's Ferry, it may at different points readily be crossed by pontoon bridges.

Our third and last line of defense, therefore, in the field is from Bee's Ferry to Slann's Bridge. We should fight a l'outrance on this line. A disaster here would be ruin to our adversary, and if we were unfortunate, our lines of retreat are open down the Neck into the city, and any portion of our forces cut off rom this route by the enemy's forcing a passage low down the Ashley, can make its way into the city by crossing the headwaters of Cooper River and going down its east bank.

The Second Military District is absolutely without resources from subsisting an army in the field. A large depot of provisions, at least ten days' rations, will be needed at Adams Run, as much behind the Caw Caw, and twice as much at Summerville, behind the Ashley.

The following maps and papers are at Adams Run, in charge of the district commander, and copies have also heretofore been furnished department headquarters.

1. A very accurate general map of the Second Military District.

2. Separate and enlarged maps of the defenses of White Point,

King's Creek fortifications, Simmons' Landing, and other fortified localities.

3. A memoir upon the defense of the Second District.

4. A very accurate (enlarged) map of the country between Bacon's and Slann's Bridges, showing clearings, forests, &amp;c.

5. Report on the roads, l&c., from this position across the headwaters of Cooper River around to Charleston.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICTS OF MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA,Lake City, October 5, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Charleston:

GENERAL: The five companies of the Second Florida Cavalry, serving in the District of Middle Florida, have been divided under orders from Brigadier-General Cobb, the old companies being reduced to the maximum allowed by the act of Congress approved April 16, 1862, General Orders, Numbers 82, series 1862, the surplus being formed into new companies.

I respectfully ask authority from the commanding general to reduce the cavalry companies serving in this district to 80, rand and file, the remaining men to be formed into new companies nd the most competent senior first and second lieutenants in the old companies to be placed in the new companies as captains and first lieutenants. The companies to elect their second lieutenants, subject to the

