
subject to the most destructive fire without chance of retaliating upon their foes.

"The guns from Fort Sumter command much of Morris Island, the shell from the fort passing over the Federal batteries and nearly to the rear of our position. The rebels may yet discover that the possession of Wagner is not a necessary preliminary to the reduction of Sumter. Certain batteries on Morris Island, where rifled guns of 4 miles range have been mounted, will soon, if they have not already, open fire with similar results in regard to Sumter that were produced at Fort Pulaski. A battery of these effective cannon, bearing upon Fort Sumter, is not more than a mile and a half from this stronghold.

"When Fort Sumter is rendered powerless for mischief, Battery Bee, on Cumming's Point, will be speedily captured, and Fort Wagner falls, as a matter of course. Notwithstanding the repulse of the 18th, the prospect of the ultimate reduction of the batteries protecting Charleston Harbor is therefore good, and it is so considered by all the officers engaged in the present movement against the cradle of secession."

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 66. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 7, 1863.

I. The practice of giving information to their friends or to the public press, on matters connected with military operations in progress or in contemplation, so unscrupulously indulged in by officers, citizens, and soldiers in this department, and by employes on transports, is fraught with incalculable evil to our cause, and must be stopped at once. No information which could in any way benefit the enemy must be divulged, directly or indirectly.

Upon the following subjects in particular, the strictest silence must be observed, viz:

First. The names of division, brigade, or post commanders.

Second. The strength of regiments, brigades, or divisions, except after engagements have taken place.

Third. The number and position of regiments, brigades, divisions, batteries, or pieces of artillery.

Fourth. Allusions to the kind or quantity of arms, cannon, or ammunition.

Fifth. The number of transports or kind of supplies transported in any movement.

Sixth. The description of any movement or any allusions to its object until the same shall have been accomplished or defeated.

Seventh. Suggestions of future movements or attacks.

Eight. Any allusions whatever to scouts or reconnaissances, whether accomplished or yet in prospect.

Ninth. The position or location of camps, batteries, pickets, military roads or outposts.

Tenth. The publication of official reports of operations without special permission from the department commander.

Eleventh. Violations of this order will be met with the severest punishment known to military law and usage in the field.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

