
resources are fast getting exhausted. Our people, I fear, are getting disheartened, for they can see not bright spot in the horizon to revive their drooping hopes after the patriotic sacrifices they have made in this terrible contest.

Let us, then, unite all our efforts in a last deadly struggle, and, with God's help, we shall yet triumph.

I regret that I have not time to pay you a short visit to present you my views more fully, and to discuss with you our future operations.

Wishing you ample success, I remain, sincerely, your friend,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., October 7, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires your immediate attention to the following matters:

The defective 32-pounder rifled gun at Fort Moultrie, ordered some time ago to be sent to the city for re-rifling, is still in its place. Please order it to be at once dismounted, and the directions concerning it executed.

The 11-inch gun in Battery Ramsay requires refitting of the trunnion plate, which is nw too tight. Please have it remedied at once.

The firing upon the enemy on Morris Island should be reduced to not over 100 shorts or shells in twenty-four hours from all our batteries, on ordinary occasions. You will please established the ration of shots per battery. Ordinarily our batteries should fire only at visible groups of the enemy.

One 32-pounder smooth-bore, now dismounted in Redoubt Numbers 1, and three 32-pounder smooth-bore guns on water face of Fort Pemberton, will be transferred forthwith to the new lines, as shall be determined by the chiefs of artillery and engineers.

Orders for the removal of guns from any battery will be communicated to the officer commanding the battery and to the commander of the sub-district, before the execution of the order.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS JORDAN,]

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS, SULLIVAN'S ISLAND,Battery Marshall, October 7, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor, very respectfully, to submit, for your consideration, the following memoranda for the organization of the cavalry now stationed in the District of Georgia, which, I feel confident, will contribute greatly to promote their efficiency and esprit de corps:

