
provision and forage could be taken in them. Certain families in that country who have intercourse with these men should be moved far back into the interior, beyond the borders of Florida. I think that if this course is pursued they may be got out.

I have only spoken of one set of deserters-the Cokers and their followers. It is said that there are other parties in Taylor and La Fayette, but not so hard to get at perhaps, as the Cokers. I give these views for what they are worth. I do not intend to dictate. You may doubtless devise a much better plan than the one suggested by me.

Yours, very respectfully,

E. E. BLACKBURN,

Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

MADISON, October 5, 1863.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN:

DEAR SIR: Several gentlemen have consulted to-day in reference to the proper course to be taken to check the accumulation of deserters in Taylor County. We have been informed that disloyalty is very general in that country, and they are not disposed to disguise their sentiments. It was deemed proper to address you, as the commander of this department; and I suggest that you send a sufficient detachment to make the necessary arrests, if deemed proper. A detachment, under a discreet officer, who would be advised personally before acting, in our judgment, would be a safe course.

I think from what I can learn that the immunity enjoyed by the deserters is producing a very bad effect; and if not checked soon, will be difficult to deal with. I write this at the request of some of our good citizens.

I am, very truly, yours,

JOHN C. McGEHHE.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 8, 1863-1 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

But one hundred and forty-five ambulances in whole department, which are in constant use with troops and hospitals for my command and General Bragg's wounded, at Augusta, Macon, &amp;c. Location of my troops at this season is very unhealthy. Anderson's and Wise's brigades arrived lately without any transportation whatsoever. Anderson left yesterday with five ambulances. Nearly 4,000 negroes working on fortifications of First District cannot be supplied with any. I await further orders.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, October 8, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Some few weeks since I commenced making preparations for making torpedoes, with the object of destroying some of the enemy's vessels. My attention was directed to the Ironside or

