
These facts, together with the insufficiency of the batteries at the obstructions, led me some months ago to suggest that a force be stationed at Fort Gadsden, an eligible point, 25 miles below the obstructions, and the erection at that place of a work capable of mounting two 24-pounders and two 18-pounders, which could readily be spared for that purpose from hammock Landing and from the obstructions. As the enemy can only ascend in launches, I consider this arrangement as affording greater protection to the river than the obstructions themselves, while we rescue from the enemy 25 miles of the river and bordering country, which, without this, is entirely in their possession. These suggestions were approved by General Cobb, and the first carried into effect, and I know that he intended adopting the last had he not been relieved from duty in this district. I desire respectfully to urge the adoption now of these measures, but for the purposes of communication and supplies, it will be necessary to keep open either Moccasin Creek or Virginia River.

During the winter season it will, of course, be impossible to supply troops, station below obstructions, by land.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. MAGILL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,James Island, October 9, 1863.

The removal of the five guns en barbette for new lines has been already prescribed by chief of artillery, and is nearly carried out. One is from Secessionville (8-inch shell gun), one 32-pounder dismounted (lying in Redoubt Numbers 1.), and three 32-pounders from Fort Pemberton (on water side).

Gun.	 Where from. 	 Where to. 	 Remarks.

8-inch sea-	 Fort	 Left face,	 This gun is

coast	 Pemberton.	 Numbers 2. 	 now en

howitzers. 	 	 	 barbette, but

 	 	 a siege-

 	 	 carriage,

 	 	 called for by

 	 	 me, is ready

 	 	 for it in

 	 	 Charleston.

8-inch sea-	 Redan Numbers	 Right salient,

coast	 6, east lines.	 Numbers 4.

howitzer.

24-pounder.	 Battery	 Left face,	 The damaged

 Haskell.	 Numbers 4. 	 24-pounder

 	 	 siege, in

 	 	 redoubt at

 	 	 bend of west

 	 	 lines, will be

 	 	 given Major

 	 	 Manigault for

 	 	 this gun.

 	 	 Lieutenant W.

 	 	 W. Legare will

 	 	 be careful

 	 	 that the

 	 	 ammunition now

 	 	 with he gun,

 	 	 and no other,

 	 	 is sent with

 	 	 it to Major

 	 	 Manigault, for

 	 	 the cartridges

 	 	 are only 4-

 	 	 pound

 	 	 cartridges.

24-pounder.	 Redan Numbers	 Right face,

 5, Royal's.	 Numbers 4.

24-pounder.	 First lunette	 Front face,

 to the right	 Numbers 3.

 of Holmes'

 house, west

 lines.

24-pounder.	 Lunette at	 Front face,	 This gun wants

 bend of west	 Numbers 3. 	 an elevating

 lines,	 	 screw.

 fronting New

 Town Cut

 Bridge.

24-pounder.	 Gun Numbers 9,	 Right flank,	 Position

 position	 Numbers 2. 	 marked down

 Numbers 6,	 	 for 24-pounder

 west lines, to	 	 on left flank

 the right of	 	 of Numbers 2

 road leading	 	 has been

 to New Town	 	 omitted in the

 Cut Bridge. 	 	 work.

24-pounder.	 Gun Numbers	 Front face,

 15, position	 Numbers 1.

 Numbers 11,

 redan between

 west lines and

 Fort

 Pemberton,

 nearest the

 lines.

24-pounder.	 Redan nearest	 Front face,	 This gun is en

 Fort	 Numbers 1. 	 barbette. A

 Pemberton, gun	 	 siege-carriage

 Numbers 17,	 	 from those at

 position	 	 the arsenal

Numbers 13. 	 	 must be

 	 	 obtained at

 	 	 one for it.

