
Gun. 	 Where from. 	 Where to. 	 Remarks.

18-pounder. 	 Left-hand gun,	 Left flank,	 These guns are

 Redoubt	 Numbers 3. 	 to be rifled

 Numbers 4,	 	 and banded;

 east lines. 	 	 until they are

 	 	 they will be

 	 	 in these

 	 	 positions.

 	 	 Whenever moved

 	 	 to be rifled

 	 	 and banded

 	 	 other guns

 	 	 will be

 	 	 substituted

 	 	 for them.

18-pounder.	 Left-hand gun,	 Right face,	 The second of

 Redoubt	 Numbers 3. 	 these guns,

 Numbers 5,	 	 when rifled

 east lines. 	 	 and banded,

 	 	 goes to the

 	 	 Upper

 	 	 StoNumbers

18-pounder.	 Gun Numbers 1,	 Front face,	 When one of

 position	 Numbers 3. 	 the 18-

 Numbers 1,	 	 pounders named

 west lines, to	 	 above is

 the right of	 	 rifled, this

 the bridge. 	 	 gun will

 	 	 exchange

 	 	 positions with

 	 	 it.

12-pounder	 Redan Numbers	 Left salient,	 This gun is to

rifled.	 5, Royal's.	 Numbers 1. 	 be banded.

 	 	 When removed

 	 	 for that

 	 	 purpose

 	 	 another one

 	 	 will be

 	 	 substituted

 	 	 for it.

12-pounder	 Redan Numbers	 Left face,

(not yet	 6, Royal's. 	 Numbers 1.

banded.)

12-pounder. 	 Gun Numbers	 Right face,	 This gun is

 13, position	 Numbers 1. 	 situated to

 Numbers 9,	 	 the right of a

 west lines. 	 	 path about the

 	 	 center of west

 	 	 lines, to the

 	 	 right of some

 	 	 iron 6-

 	 	 pounders

 	 	 (field

 	 	 pieces).

The above is the removal of guns (prescribed for Lieutenant W. W. Legare) from the old to the new lines, to be effected in one day, whenever he receives the order therefor.

AMBROSIO JOSE GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery, Commanding Art. on James Island.

NOTE.- It is worthy of notice that the disposition of these guns still leaves every redan and redoubt on eastern lines armed, with the exception of the two on the extreme right (Royal's), which could be armed with spare guns (8-inch sea-coast howitzers, &amp;c., under Major Manigualt); that the 32-pounders on that line remain intact; that there are still two spare 32-pounders at Fort Pemberton and two on west lines, besides other guns on the latter, which, if placed on works behind New Town Cut, would made a complete double line of defense for the east of James Island, cutting off by a double line all approach to the harbor, or to the western side of the island.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,James Island, October 10, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the commanding general.

A comparison between the within and the report of the Board will show that after the arming of new lines and those in Saint Andrew's, as recommended by the latter, there will still remain a sufficiency of guns to arm powerful works on John's Island, or on the approach to Saint Andrew's by the Second Military District.

When Battery Haskell is provided with 42-pounder carronades, the rebored bronze 18-pounders and the 24-pounder howitzers, some of the valuable siege guns, now there, and others due us, will also be available for new works or for strengthening those already constructed. The requisite siege-carriages for guns now en barbette have been called for some time since from the Chief of Ordnance, by the undersigned.

The note on the within is made, not as a suggestion, but as exhibiting our resources for land defense and the advantages of the construction of new lines.

