
CHARLESTON, S. C.,

October 10, 1863-5 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy's batteries are apparently completed on Morris Island. They will probably soon open; mine will act henceforth on defensive, to economize guns and ammunitions. Ten-inch mortar shells are now much needed. New defensive lines on James Island will soon be ready.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., October 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. L. RIVES,

Actg. Chief of Engineer Bureau, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Herewith I send a letter to the honorable Secretary of War, in reference to the increased importance of making the Blue Mountain Railroad connection, now that we are deprived of any supply of coal or iron from the vicinity of Chattanooga. Is it possible to get iron the 59 miles? The advantages of this connecting link have been so fully discussed, that I need not dwell on them here. The necessity for an increased supply of iron, coal, &amp;c., is upon us. What can we do to get them from Middle and Northern Alabama?

Confer with Colonel St. John, and advise jointly with the Secretary of War.

You will, as acting chief of the bureau, please to present to the Secretary of War, for promotion, the names embraced in my private note (written of few days ago) and ask for early action. As to A. S. Gaines' appointment, do not make the recommendation until you hear further from me. Cannot Captain Robinson, recently from England, be appointed on the commission for collecting railroad iron? An efficient, well-tried officer should be assigned to the duty.

If you did not receive my telegram in time to send two pedometers by Mrs. Gilmer, please to send them by first opportunity. We much need the 400 spades, 100 axes, and other tools last applied for. They have not yet been received.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, Chief of Engineer Bureau.

[Inclosure.]

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 10, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

War Department, Richmond, Va.;

SIR: Since the occupation of Chattanooga by the enemy we have no longer access to the coal and iron in that vicinity, and the necessity is upon us to struggle for an increased supply from other sources.

Middle and Northern Alabama afford both in large quantities, if they can be gotten out. Want of transportation is the greatest difficultly.

