
CHARLESTON, October 12, 1863.

Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Chief of Ordnance Department:

COLONEL: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 24, dated 6th instant, I have inspected the following guns on the eastern lines, and submit the following report:

I beg leave to state, first, that I had great difficultly in finding the location of guns, as the redoubts or batteries are numbered by some from west to east and by others from east to west, and no sentinel on duty could inform me as to the number of his battery.

Numbers 1, on the schedule, is Numbers 2, at Royal's, commencing on the right of the line.

At Royal's there are three guns, two 12-pounders and one 24-pounder. One of these 12-pounders is rifled, and should be banded. The other two have severe lodgments, and are not fit for rifling. The 18-pounder is not in Battery Numbers 3, as stated, nor could I ascertain the number of the battery. It is, however, in charge of Lieutenant Raworth, of Lamar's artillery. The gun is old, scored in the bore by broken shot, and has a severe lodgment.

The two 32-pounders in Battery Numbers 2, from the east flank of eastern lines, are light-chambered heavy 32-pounders. These guns were never intended for the use has four severe lodgments, and the other, three. They are, for these reasons, entirely unfit for rifling.

In this battery there is one long navy 32-pounder in good order, and would answer as a rifled piece.

At Fort Lamar, two 24-pounders, rifled, not banded; two also at Haig; one 12-pounder at Battery Palmer-all of which should be banded.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN G. BARNWELL,

Major, Corps of Artillery, C. S. Army, Dept. Insp. Ord.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,Charleston, October 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

Approved.

I would suggest that the works on the lines be numbered 1, 2, 3, &amp;c., from right to left, and that each battery be furnished with a sign board, showing its number.

I am of opinion that none of the guns on the lines should be rifled and banded but those recommended in this report.

J. R. WADDY,

Chief of Ordnance.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., October 15, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the chief of artillery, for his information and remarks.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

