
[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,James Island, October 17, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

The within table of guns was not made out by me. I pointed out to Major Barnwell its inaccuracies, and put him in the way, when on his inspection, of finding the guns. I gave him the name of Lieutenant Raworth, and also of Captain Hunter, in charge of another 18-pounder to be inspected, and of which, I see, he makes no mention.

The Board proposed that the rifled guns on James Island and Saint Andrew's, not banded, should be banded as they are not regarded safe without. As to their soundness, it is naturally supposed that they would not have been rifled unless they were sound. Of course their inspection belongs to the parties banding them, or to the department having charge of having them banded.

The 18-pounders were proposed by me to be rifled and banded at the suggestion-and a good one-of Captain Harding, of the arsenal, for the reason that there were in his possession over 440 excellent projectiles for rifled guns of that caliber, and with the difficulty, often mentioned, of procuring rifled projectiles, it was an advantage well worth obtaining.

As to the numbering of the batteries, those on new lines have already been numbered from right to left. Those on the old eastern lines have been numbered-who by I do not know-a long time since, and from left to right. I am governed in the matter by the arrangement I have found.

Within is inclosed the diagram of eastern lines,* from a rough draft of Lieutenant W. W. Legare, ordnance officer on James Island. The numeration is the one he follows, and, having been followed officially throughout, as far as I know, it would confuse matters to alter it now; besides, the lines are to be dismantled, with the exception of Redoubt Numbers 1, and it will make little difference then what their numbers were. The placing of sign boards to works would be advantageous.

I do not know why the particular 32-pounders mentioned in the within table are recommended to be banded and rifled. When the removal of guns to the new lines and Saint Andrew's is accomplished, there will be a number of surplus 32-pounders and 24-pounders. It will then be time, with a knowledge of their character and worthiness, which the ordnance office can acquire through its inspecting officers, to determine which and how many are desired by the commanding general to be banded and rifled.

The 18-pounder, mentioned by Major Barnwell, being old, is rather in its favor; these old guns are very good guns, notwithstanding, if sound. The rifled 12-pounder gun he mentions at Royal's is very old, but reported as a very good gun. It is one of those long 12-pounder English siege guns, recommended by me to the commanding general to be banded, which was then approved. I do not know what connection the 24-pounders, mentioned by Major Barnwell as being in the same work as this 12-pounder, at Royal's, have with the matter of rifling and banding, as they are not recommended by the Board for either. There is not another 18-pounder in position Numbers 1, west lines, to the right of the new bridge, which deserves being looked after as well as the one in charge of Captain Hunter, Redoubt Numbers 5, east lines, as per Lieutenant Legare diagram, herewith inclosed,*

---------------

*See p. 408.

---------------

