
[Fifth indorsement.]

Referred by Assistant Secretary of War to Quartermaster-General.

[Sixth indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, November 12, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The proposition, as last presented by General Beauregard, is not relieved of objection. This whole matter of sea transportation is at present under the control of Major Bayne, of the Ordnance Bureau. The facilities enjoyed by this department extend not only to certain vessel running on Government account, but to private vessels, which, under arrangements perfect by Major Bayne, devote a certain proportion of their freight room to Government account. Efforts are being constantly made to increase that room, and to remove the difficulties now in the way of the delivery at Wilmington of as much cotton as can be sent abroad on Government account. It is not practicable for any officer of the Government, acting independently, to export cotton without conflicting with the system now being established and impairing the control Major Bayne aims to acquire over private shipping.

Every effort will be made to supply the command of General Beauregard with blankets and shoes, but there are other commands in more exposed regions equally destitute. Before the port of Charleston was closed, this command enjoyed unusual facilities for supplying itself, and in October last, of the largest lot of blankets ever purchased in the Confederate States-some 10,000-nearly one-half were issued to it.

LARKIN SMITH,

Assistant Quartermaster-General, in Charge of Bureau.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 15, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER, Savannah, Ga.:

Direct Anderson's entire regiment (cavalry) to march to Adams Run, to serve on John's Island. As much of Clinch's regiment to be brought up to replace regiment as you think best.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, October 15, 1863.

Captain R. H. BARNWELL, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed without delay to George's Station, Branchville, or other convenient point on the South Carolina Railroad, and make a prompt examination of the approaches to the road from the south between Ridgeville and Midway, giving especial attention to the crossings of the Edisto River. the ground in the vicinity of each crossing, from Gioham's Ferry to railroad bridge, will be carefully observed, with a view to the location of works for their defense. If possible, positions should be selected on the left bank, or north side, of the river.

