
[Inclosure.]

The committee on the military, to whom was referred the petition of sundry members of the First Regiment of State Troops, praying that the poor of said regiment be relieved from service until they can gather their crops, respectfully report that they have considered the same, and would recommend the following resolution:

Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor be requested to confer with the commanding general and request that, as far as the public exigencies will permit, furloughs be granted to the poor of the five regiments of State troops, for the purpose of gathering their crops and sowing their wheat.

J. H. WILLIAMS,

Chairman.

IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, September 29, 1863.

Resolved, That the House do agree to the report.

Ordered, That it be sent to the Senate.

By order:

JOHN T. SLOAN,

Clerk House of Representatives.

IN THE SENATE, September 29, 1863.

Resolved, That the Senate do concur in the report.

Ordered, That it be returned to the House of Representatives.

By order:

WM. E. MARTIN,

Clerk Senate.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Columbia, October 17, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the within copy of a resolution of the General Assembly, which I commend to your early and favorable consideration.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Inclosure.]

Resolved, That the exposed position of the upper districts of South Carolina demands that every effort be made to guard against raids from the enemy.

Resolved, That His Excellency the Governor be requested to communicate with the commanding general of this department, and with the Secretary of War, and urge upon them that at least one regiment of infantry and a squadron of cavalry, with one or more pieces of artillery, be placed within convenient distance of the gaps of the mountains by which this State may be entered from Georgia, Tennessee, and North Carolina.

IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, September 29, 1863.

Resolved, That the House do agree to the resolutions.

Ordered, That they be sent to the Senate for concurrence.

By order:

JOHN T. SLOAN,

Clerk House of Representatives.

