
OFFICE CHIEF ENGINEER,

Charleston, October 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Mr. J. Fraser Mathewes reports that the boom obstruction is laid across the months of the two creeks at Breach Inlet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. HARRIS,

Colonel, and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOST,Sullivan's Island, October 19, 1863.

Captain EDWARD WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find a report from Major Rion, sent out to meet a flag of truce this morning.

Am I authorized, under instructions received from Captain Nance, assistant adjutant-general, dated Charleston, October 10, to receive communications by flag to truce from Admiral Dahlgren to the French consul only, or shall I receive whatever else may be sent by a flag of truce?

Instructions were received at this post some time since from General Jordan, to the effect that any communications from the enemy by flag of truce, to our authorities here, should be opened in the presence of the officer bringing them, and if not respectful in their tone, should be immediately returned.

I would be pleased to receive definite instructions as to what course shall be pursued with reference to flags of truce sent to this post.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. NELSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DIVISION,October 20, 1863.

In respectfully forwarding the within, I have to state that I inderstand the instructions to exclude these matters, but nevertheless think it right to refer the matter to the general commanding the department, rather than take any final action.

T. L. CLINGMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

BATTERY MARSHALL, October 19, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM E. STONEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions from Colonel Nelson, commanding outposts, I met a flag-of-truce boat from the fleet this morning. This boat contained the chaplain of the Wabash, who stated that he was commissioned by Admiral Dahlgren to transmit, by flag of truce, letters, papers, and articles of comfort to officers who had been captured by us, from their relatives; and that he then had a small bag of letters, a small box for Lieutenant Preston, and a bundle for Lieutenant Meade.

