
I replied that I come out to receive a communication from Admiral Dahlgren to the French consul, and could receive nothing else; that I would make known his mission, and if our authorities allowed, a flag-of-truce boat would come out to the buoy to-morrow or next day, to receive the packages.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. RION,

Major Seventh South Carolina Battalion.

OFFICE CHIEF INSP. FIELD TRANS., SECOND DIST., S. C.,

Augusta, October 19, 1863.

Major HUTSON LEE,

Chief Q. M., Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: Inclosed please find copy of order issued by General Bragg in regard to field transportation. It is the same as the status adopted by General Lee. Will you be kind enough to have an order issued by General Beauregard, fixing some definite allowance of field transportation, so that my inspector may have some idea of how he is to report? I send the inclose copy that you may show the general, as he may wish to conform to the same allowance.

Will you be kind enough to issue an order to quartermasters to have all public animals that may die skinned, and the skins turned over for tanning?

Have you a surplus of wagons in your command; if so, how many can you spare me?

Be kind enough to answer at once.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NORMAN W. SMITH,

Major, and Chief Inspector Field Trans., Second District.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Charleston, November 12, 1863.

Respectfully referred to department headquarters as information.

HUTSON LEE,

Major, and Chief Quartermaster.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, In the Field, Three Miles from Chattanooga, Numbers 182. September 24, 1863.

I. General Orders, Numbers 171, from these headquarters, is revoked, and the transportation of the army will be as follows:

Corps headquarters.- For general and all staff officers and the escort company, six four-horse wagons and one ambulance.

division headquarters.- For general and all staff officers, four -horse wagons and one ambulance.

Brigade headquarters.- For general and all staff officers, two four-horse wagons; regiments, one four-horse wagon; camp officers, two four-horse wagons; 200 men for duty, one four-horse wagon.

Reserved artillery battalion.- One four-horse wagon.

Field and staff.

Each battery of artillery, for officers and men, one four-horse wagon.

