
For forage, two four-horse wagons.

each battery of artillery will have wagons to enable it to carry 200 rounds of ammunition to each gun, including that on caissons.

II. There will be a brigade ordnance train of one four-horse wagon for every 375 men present for duty, and a reserve train for each divisions of one four-horse wagon for every 375 men present for duty.

III. All transportation in excess of this allowance will be sent to army headquarters, and turned over to Major M. B. McMicken, chief quartermaster.

By command of General Bragg:

G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers 1.] JANUARY 3, 1863.

I. The means of transportation in this department will at once be put on the footing and in condition for immediate operations in the field; to which end the following arrangements will be made without delay, and the transportation distributed as follows:

1. Army or department headquarters.- For general and all staff officers and the escort company, six four-horse wagons and one two-horse ambulance.

2. Division or district headquarters.- For general and all staff officers, four four-horse wagons and one two-horse ambulance.

3. Brigade headquarters.- For general and all staff officers, two four-horse wagons and one two-horse ambulance.

4. Regimental, field and staff, infantry and cavalry, each one four-horse wagon.

5. For all company officers of a regiment, infantry and cavalry, each two four-horse wagons.

6. Regiments of infantry and cavalry, each one four-horse ordnance wagon; one four-horse wagon for infirmary supplies; one two-horse ambulance; two one-horse ambulances; and for every 200 men for duty, one four-horse wagon.

7. Reserved artillery battalion.- Field and staff, one four-horse wagon; one four-horse ordnance wagon; one one-horse ambulance.

8. Light batteries of artillery.- For officers and men, one four-horse wagons; for forage, two four-horse wagons; for infirmary supplies, one two-horse wagon; and one one-horse ambulance.

Each battery will have additional wagons to enable it to carry 200 rounds of ammunition to each gun, including that already in caissons.

9. Regiments of heavy artillery, or of infantry doing duty as such, for field and staff, one four-horse wagon; for ordnance stores, one four-horse wagon; for infirmary supplies, one four-horse wagon; one two-horse ambulance; two one-horse ambulances; and for every 200 men for duty, one four-horse wagon.

These wagons and ambulances to be held in reserve for immediate use in case of need, except such as may be required for present wants.

10. Engineer Corps.- District of South Carolina, five four-horse wagons and one one-horse ambulance; District of Georgia, three four-horse wagons and one one-horse ambulance; District of Florida, one four-horse wagon and one one-horse ambulance.

Should negro laborers follow the Engineer Corps in the field, there shall be for every 300 negroes present one four-horse wagon.

