
II. In each division or district there shall be a brigade ordnance train of one four-horse wagon for every 375 men present for duty, and a reserve train, consisting as follows:

One four-horse wagon for ordnance; one two-horse ambulance; four one-horse ambulances.

III. All transportation and ambulances in excess of this allowance will be sent to district headquarters, and turned over to district quartermaster's surplus allowance, to be held subject to the orders of the chief quartermaster of the department. (See note.)

IV. The chief quartermaster will hold in readiness for all extra hauling at depots and other places, two four-horse wagons and five animals to each brigade in the field.

V. All the wagons and ambulances will be marked in large, distinct letters, and bear the name and number of the regiment and brigade to which they belong.

The reserve train will also be marked in the same way; and it shall be the duty of the chief quartermaster to take prompt measures for the execution of this part of the present order.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

NOTE.- All deficiencies duty be applied for to district quartermasters, who, if none be available, will refer application to chief quartermaster of the department.

HEADQUARTERS JAMES ISLAND, October 19, 1863.

Captain NANCE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to take the occasion of the order relieving Colonel Olmstead's command-First Volunteers, Georgia Regiment-from duty on this island, to bring particularly to the notice of the brigadier-general commanding the district, and through him to the notice of the general commanding, the condition of this command, and very respectfully to urge that the loss of Olmstead's regiment by supplied, and, if possible, additional troops added.

I beg to assure the district and department commanders that in making this request, I am actuated by no desire to have assigned to me for the defense of this approach an undue proportion of the limited number of troops within this district, or to relieve my command from more that its fair proportion of duty and responsibility, but the several conditions of the length of the lines of defense, the character of the topography, the immediate presence of the enemy, the absolute necessity for holding every point of these lines at all times, no matter where the enemy may make his main attack, combine to cause me to bring to the consideration of the commanding general the necessity of a force upon this island adequate to meet the requirements of these conditions.

The artillery force is ample for the manning of the many batteries, and the supply of light batteries is as great as could be expected, but the infantry is inadequate.

The harbor batteries-to Fort Johnson-are not liable to attack by a land force, and therefore require no support.

At Fort Johnson, the first point of apprehended attack by land forces, commences the initial point of the eastern line of defense, which terminates at Fort Lamar-Secessionville.

