
Two other parties have applied for admission, but their reasons not being considered sufficient, they were refused. In reference to these cases, I beg leave to state, in the absence of instructions, that I shall exercise the utmost diligence and permit none to enter save for reasons of the most imperative nature.

The bishop of Savannah and Florida, accompanied by his priest, have been admitted for four days. It has been the custom of my predecessors to admit them for a like period. Leonardi is confined in the provost guard house. What disposition shall be made of him?

Being very short of non-commissioned officers I respectfully request that Sergt. William E. D'Army, Company F, at present doing duty with the Billinghurst Battery, be relieved and returned to his regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DUDLEY W. STRICKLAND,

Major Forty-eighth New York Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 477. Morris Island, S. C., August 14, 1863.

I. Folly Island will be divided for the present into two commands. Brigadier-General Vodges will occupy the northern half with his command, consisting of all the troops on the island excepting those belonging to Brigadier-General Gordon's division.

Brigadier-General Gordon will occupy the south end of the island with his division.

The detachments in charge of the batteries at the lower end of Folly Island will not for the present be relieved, but will remain and be attached to General Gordon's command until further orders.

* * * * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORRIS ISLAND, August 16, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

I shall open on Sumter at daylight. Can you commence on Wagner as early as that?

GILLMORE,

General.

OFF MORRIS ISLAND, August 16, 1863-9.20 p.m.

General GILLMORE:

The monitors win commence to move at 6, and will open soon after. If it is an object to you, I will open fire earlier, but the tide is very bad before 6 o'clock for the monitors.

DAHLGREN,

Admiral.

