
1,808, and two regiments of General Hood's command, 723, making, together, 2,531 men, exclusive of the artillery which will man the batteries when the guns are placed in position.

It will be seen by this distribution of the troop that they are all, and, I think, necessarily, deployed along the lines, and their is no central reserve force since the departure of Anderson's brigade, which was held for that purpose.

The number of creeks penetrating the island prevents the easy concentration of troops, and, compared with the enemy, who may make an attack or demonstration at any of the points along the eastern face, or by landing at Battery Island, or the works covering the southern approach, really forces us to the use of exterior lines of communication.

It is also to be considered that, should the enemy make a demonstration with his land forces upon Saint Andrew's Point, by the way of John's Island or the Edisto, and at the same time, as he probably would, threaten this island on the east and south, until these plans were fully developed little or no force could be spared; and even then it would be very embarrassing, considering the number of points of attack, and the extent of the force required for simple picket duty, to divert any considerable portion of the present force from these lines.

In view of these several considerations, I respectfully ask that, if possible, additional troops be added to this command. Since the arrival of General Wise's brigade, I have withdrawn the troops from the neighborhood of Wappoo Creek, and have no troops except a few artillerists at Batteries Haig and Palmer upon the mainland.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, October 20, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

In this connection I have the honor to request that application be made for the return of Brigadier General G. T. Anderson's brigade, which was ordered hence some weeks since for temporary service. This force was withdrawn from James Island, and its place cannot be well supplied.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., October 22, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the War Department, for its serious consideration.

The approaches to Charleston by James Island are considered by me, as already often stated to the Department, as the principal key to this city; but at the same time that it is carefully guarded, the secondary approaches, such as the rest of Saint Andrew's Parish, where General Wise's brigade is now located; Christ Church, guarded by General Evans' brigade, and Sullivan's Island, by General Clingman's, cannot be neglected.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

