
Major Jenkins would concentrate on the Stono most of his available force as support. Major Lucas' company, at Fort Pemberton, now in reserve, might man the siege battery at Grimball's, James Island. Battery Tynes might be able to test, also, her long-range guns with shell.

AMBROSIO JOSE GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Art. on James Island and of Dept.

[Seventh indorsement.]

FORT PEMBERTON, S. C., October 29, 1863.

The chances of success are certainly not as great as in the case of the Isaac P. Smith, though I think they are sufficiently great to warrant an attempt at capture. I cordially approve the plan submitted by General Gonzales, chief of artillery of James Island and of the department.

J. JONATHAN LUCAS,

Major, Commanding Fort Pemberton, Bat. Tynes, and Bat. Pringle.

[Eighth indorsement.]
HDQRS. JAMES ISLAND, SECOND MIL. DIST., S. C.,October 29, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

The plan suggested appears feasible.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Ninth indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 1, 1863.

The plan of Colonel Gonzales is approved, with the following modifications:

First. The troops and battery must be careful not to be exposed to view, while in motion or in position, from the enemy's observatories along the coast.

Second. The battery sent to John's Island must be well supported by a battalion of good troops and by Jenkins' cavalry, so places as to guard the approaches and lines of retreat.

Third. Owing to torpedoes in Wappoo and Stono, a steamboat cannot be sent to Fort Pemberton; even from barges it might be dangerous.

Fourth. If this attack cannot be prepared for next Tuesday, it may be delayed until the one after.

Fifth. Brigadier-General Hagood, assisted by Colonel Gonzales and Major Lucas, will attend to all the details of this attack.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 216. Charleston, S. C., October 21, 1863.

I. The armament of the batteries along the eastern margin of James Island, from Secessionville to Fort Johnson, and also of the harbor batteries on the same island, will be rearranged as follows:

Redoubt Numbers 1: One 8-inch shell gun; one 32-pounder smooth-bore; one 30-pounder Parrott.

