
Secessionville (rear): One 24-pounder, rifled; two 32-pounders, smooth-bore, to be mounted on barbette carriage; one 30-pounder Parrott, whenever received from Macon.

Battery Ryan (right): Two 12-pounder James guns, reamed to 18-pounder or 24-pounder howitzers, one to be taken from Battery Tatom, and the other from Battery Haskell; two 24-pounder Austrian howitzers.

Battery Ryan (left): Two 24-pounders, rifled and banded; tow 8-inch siege howitzers; one of the 24-pounders to be taken from Redoubt Numbers 1, and the other from those on "old lines," not already otherwise assigned.

Battery Tatom: Two 8-inch siege howitzers; two 4.62 rifled guns, one to be taken from Battery Haskell, the other to be put in position whenever received; two shell guns, to be designated by the chief of artillery.

Battery Haskell: One 4-inch Blakely; one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer; one 20-pounder Parrott; one 24-pounder, rifled and double banded; one 24-pounder smooth-bore; two 10-inch sea-coast mortars; one 8-inch columbiad, to be taken from Battery Cheves, and to be used only as a shell gun; two 42-pounder carronades (already ordered), which will be placed in position as soon as available.

Battery Cheves: Three 8-inch columbiads, to be used only as shell guns.

Brooke Gun Battery: One 8-inch shell gun, to be taken from Batter Simkins (the one most worn).

Batter Simkins: One 8-inch navy shell gun; three 10-inch sea-coast mortars; one 8-inch columbiad, to be taken from Battery Cheves and used only as a shell gun.

Bay Batteries: Three 10-inch columbiads.

Fort Johnson: One 8-inch, rifled and banded.

Tower Battery: Three 10-inch columbiads; one 42-pounder, rifled and double banded; one 7-inch Brooke; one 6.40-inch Brooke, to be taken from Simkins.

Battery Wampler: Two 10-inch columbiads (one already ordered from city).

Battery Glover: Three 32-pounders, rifled.

Battery Numbers 5 (new lines): Two 24-pounder howitzers, to be taken from Battery Reid; two 24-pounder howitzers, to be taken from old lines.

II. Battery commanders will report the armament of their respective batteries to these headquarters, one week after the receipt of this order.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

October 22, 1863-10.30 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy opened yesterday on Sumter, Simkins, and Sullivan's Island from eleven guns at Gregg, Wagner, middle battery between them, two monitors, and one mortar-boat. Our batteries replied slowly. No casualties on our side.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

