SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 220. Charleston, S. C., October 24, 1863.

* * * * *

VIII. The following transfer of troops will take effect immediately:

First. The Twenty-sixth South Carolina Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hudson, from the First to the Fifth Military District, to report to Colonel Rhett, commanding.

Second. The seven companies of the Twenty-seventh South Carolina Infantry, Colonel Gaillard commanding from the Fifth to the Seventh Military District, and, with the two companies of the Twenty-seventh already in the Seventh District,t o be placed under regimental organization for duty with its (Hagood's) brigade.

Third. The Eighteenth South Carolina Infantry, from the Seventh to the First Military District, to report to Brigadier-General Ripley, commanding.

* * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICKAMAUGA, October 26, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD:

Your dispatch to General Longstreet* referred to me. Cannot spare troops from here. Have ordered General Cobb, at Atlanta, to aid you. He can do it sooner and better.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,McPhersonville, October 26, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, and Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: It is highly important that guns should be placed at once in the batteries on the Ashepoo, Combahee, and Coosawhatchie Rivers, and at Red Bluff, from which the armaments were removed on the approach of the sickly season in May last. There are two guns now here which can be placed in the Ashepoo Battery, and six more are needed, which should be siege rifled guns. If practicable, mules and harness should be provided. But I beg that the guns with their ammunition be sent at once, without teams, if any delay will be caused by the endeavor to supply them.

If the guns asked for are sent, it will be necessary to assign to three of the batteries, above named, troops acquainted with artillery; and as there are none in the district of that kind, excepting Captain Leadbetter's company, Eleventh South Carolina Infantry, which will be stationed on the Ashepoo, I suggest that Campbell's and Wyman's companies, also of the Eleventh South Carolina Infantry, which served as artillery last year, be ordered to report to me; and that Lieutenant-Colonel Izard, who is an excellent artillerist, be detailed to the command of the detachment of that regiment serving in this district. One other company would be required at Red Bluff, on

---------------

*October 22, see p. 440.

---------------

