
account of their knowledge of this country. The companies named will be of more service here than any others that could be selected for the duty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., October 27, 1863.

Respectfully referred to chief of artillery, to designate where the guns called for can be had.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,James Island, October 29, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

Until the removal of guns from "old lines" to Saint Andrew's is effected, and the wants of the latter for armament fully ascertained, it will be impossible to determine what guns and how many might be spared from the defense of Charleston for that of the Third Military District.

I was not informed of the destination given to the guns that in the spring were removed from the Third Military District, and this case out of many illustrates forcibly the necessity for the chief of artillery being informed of the movement of every gun of every description in the department, so that when called upon he may furnish to headquarters the desired information, or, in other cases, make recommendations from knowledge in his possession. I believe that some of these guns were sent to Savannah. If so, Brigadier-General Walker can state which and how many, and the same as to Charleston. I would respectfully recommend that as many as were received or their equivalent, in Charleston or Savannah, be returned to the Third Military District.

AMBROSIO JOSE GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 11, 1863.

Inform General Waker that having at present no artillerists to spare to serve those guns, and no infantry to support them, it is not considered advisable to put them in position until a sufficient number of artillerists and infantry can be obtained.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD.]

CHARLESTON, October 26, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The enemy having opened fire afresh on Fort Sumter, confirms me in the belief which I have entertained, that their intention is to batter it down, if possible. It is possible, although I

