
hope not probable, that from their combined land and fleet fire the post may be rendered untenable. To the best of my belief, the determination is never to surrender the fort, but it may become so untenable that you will feel diffident of exposing to the hazard of capture so excellent an officer as he who now commands the post, and who can render efficient service otherwise. Upon the possibility of such a state of things, I ask leave to say that should you deem it desirable to hold the fort to the last, and yet not run the hazard of losing so good an officer as Major Elliott, I am ready to volunteer to stay in the fort an run all the risks which may ensue. I hold no Confederate position, and hence my capture would lose nothing to the service, while my State commission would still leave on officer in charge, and I doubt not but that a dozen volunteers could readily be obtained from among the troops who would remain as a garrison. I ask leave to submit this volunteer to your consideration from an earnest desire to aid our cause. I covet not capture, but am ready to risk it if the cause will be benefited.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WILMOT G. DE SAUSSURE.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., October 27, 1863.

General W. G. DE SAUSSURE,

Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I thank you for the patriotic offer contained in your letter of the 26th instant, but Major Elliott would no doubt object, if your proposition could be accepted, to being relieved at this juncture from a command which is the post of honor, and on which the eye of the whole country is now fixed. I feel convinced, moreover, that by his energy and gallantry he will be able to prevent the enemy's flag from ever floating on the noble ruins intrusted to his valor and skill.

With high consideration, I remain, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

October 27, 1863-12 m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy has thrown 2 shells into the city from his Morris Island batteries. No damage yet reported, and but little excitement produced. I have organized two six-months' regiments into fire companies.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., October 27, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: Such is me need for cavalry that I must ask you to return me the two companies which I spared you some time in July.

