
[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, October 27, 1863.

From personal examination, made in company with Captain Barnwell, I am able to approve at once his suggestions as to the points that ought to be occupied by troops for the defense of the South Carolina Railroad. The companies (four) held in reserve will protect Branchville, and can be transferred quickly by railroad to points most convenient for supporting the garrisons at the Edisto River. I am informed that an engine is generally, if not at all times, kept at Branchville, also some cars. I recommend that the orders to Colonel Williams' regiment be revised, and that he be instructed to post his companies, as now indicated. Plans for defensive works are now under consideration.

Respectfully submitted.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., November 9, 1863.

The views and recommendations of Major-General Gilmer and Captain Barnwell are approved. Colonel Williams will be ordered to post his troops accordingly. Brigadier-General Robertson must be ordered to furnish the platoon of cavalry to be stationed in front of Gioham's Ferry (right bank), on Edisto, in the event of the enemy marching toward the interior of the country through the Second or Third Military Districts. Brigadier General W. S. Walker must furnish, under the same circumstances, the platoon of cavalry to be stationed in front of Appleby's Bridge (right bank) on Edisto. Should these two platoons be compelled to cross those bridges they will destroy them, to prevent the enemy from using the. Copies of these orders must be sent to Brigadier-General Wise, Robertson, and Walker, for their information. General Wise and Colonel Williams must be furnished also with a copy of the sketch accompanying Captain Barnwell's report.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, October 27, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you copies of a telegram from Governor Vance, and a communication from Colonel Townes, of Greenville, in this State.

I was aware when I communicated to you the resolutions of the Legislature of the embarrassment to you of sending to the mountains the force they asked for. I am induced now to send you the within communications at the instance of Colonel Townes, as he thinks the circumstances are such as may induce you to change your mind.

I should myself be gratified if you could send a regiment or part of a regiment of cavalry, or more if they can be spared, to the mountains, at last till I can effect some organization of State troops.

Very respectfully, yours,

M. L. BONHAM.

