
CHARLESTON, S. C., October 29, 1863-7 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Enemy's land and naval batteries opened again vigorously on Sumter. Damage slight. Casualties few. By movement of enemy's land forces an attack may soon be expected on Sullivan's Island, Pocotaligo, or Savannah. I have recalled Anderson's brigade, sent to General Longstreet, under positive promise of returning it when called for. General Bragg now refuses compliance with that promise. I request War Department to order it done, or another brigade sent, otherwise I am not responsible for any disaster which may arise from its absence.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 29, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Near Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Anderson's brigade was not sent to General Bragg, but to you. Read our dispatches and see if latter can retain it.* Cobb cannot cross Georgia State line with his troops. Pocotaligo is in South Carolina. I have no objection to receiving another brigade equally strong.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 29, 1863.

General G. W. SMITH,

Etowah, Ga.:

MY DEAR SMITH: Yours of the 20th instant has been received. I much regret to hear of the difficulties you encounter in the procuring of coal, &amp;c., for we are much in need of shot and shell, especially 8-inch and 10-inch of the latter for columbiads, also 10-inch mortar shell. The enemy's land and naval batteries have again opened on Sumter, which, it seems is not yet entirely harmless, as they pretended. I hope it will keep them employed for several months longer. The fired 2 shells day before yesterday into the city (4 1\2 miles), but did no damage. I would not be surprised if their Greek-fire turns out to be a Yankee humbug. I hope soon to be able to return their compliment with a little "southern liquid fire" which will make them open their eyes.

With my kind regards to Mrs. S., I remain, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbia, October 29, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you a letter from General Waddy Thompson and J. W. Grady, of Greeville, and a copy of

---------------

*See October 3,5,22, and 26, see pp. 389, 392, 440, 444.

---------------

