
one from Messrs. Pulliam and Patton, of Asheville, N. C. They have request me to inquire of you whether you cannot send up a company of artillery.

Boykin's company I will ordered to report to Colonel Williams and act in conjunction with him, unless Vance should ask for it, in which event, I will ordered it to North Carolina.

I regret you could not have ordered a regiment of mounted troops, or at least fire or six companies, as I do not think an infantry regiment will be so valuable as a mounted force, and one about which there could be no possible difficulty arising from sending it beyond the limits of the State.

Rogers' company is on the coast.

Very respectfully, yours,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., October 31, 1863.

Ordered Captain Bachman's company of light artillery to report to Colonel Williams, at Greenville, S. C.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

ASHEVILLE, October 27, 1863.

Messers. J. W. GRADY, F. F. BEATTIN, AND OTHERS,

Greenville, S. C.:

GENTLEMEN: We have yours of the 23rd, and send this by special messenger.

The operations of the enemy are active, and more and more threatening. General Vance, some two days ago, dispatched an expedition of regular troops to the head of Spring Creek, who were instructed to proceed cautiously down the creek to the Springs, and be in position to co-operate with a column intending to proceed down the river; upon the arrival of which at the Springs, at proposed signal, a joint attack should be made. General Vance, however, being informed of the position and strength of the enemy, found the river approach impracticable, and dispatched immediately a courier, countermanding the Spring Creek expedition. The courier was too slow, and failed to reach the command in time. The enemy being informed of our movements down the creek, made such preparations as enabled them successfully to meet our force coming down the creek, numbering a little more than a hundred men, and killed and captured nearly all of them.

Such is the intelligence received this morning form the front, and now General Vance is forced to fall back, and cannot make a stand until he reaches here. As you have been previously informed, his force is wholly inadequate for an advance, and is chiefly of a character (being raw troops) which renders a successful resistance of the advance of the enemy doubtful. It is not among the improbabilities that our town may soon become garrisoned by the vandals, unless there be timely aid furnished General Vance.

The object of this messenger is not only to inform you of the situation, but to urge the speedy and active movement of whatever assistant you can render.

