
The strength of the enemy is unascertained, but is doubtless such as requires from 1,500 to 2,000 armed men to resist them successfully. We must have some accession to our artillery and cavalry; well-armed infantry are also indispensable.

The unfortunate command down Spring Creek was composed in large part of the Twenty-fifth Regiment North Carolina Troops, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Bryson, of that regiment. Mr. Lindsay, the bearer, can explain more fully the situation. He will bed pendent upon your hospitality, and will rely upon you for compensation for this trip, made at much personal sacrifice.

It is proper to remark that there is no official report of the disaster attending the expedition down Spring Creek, and our intelligence may be, and we trust is, somewhat exaggerated.

We are, gentlemen, very respectfully, your fellow citizens,

R. W. PULLIAM,

M. PATTON,

In Behalf of the Citizens.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

COLUMBIAN, October 28, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

SIR: We have been departed by the people of Greenville to visit this place, with a view to a conference with Governor Bonham, and to ascertain what forces, if any, he could send for our protection. We regret to find that the Governor has no troops at his disposal.

We send you herewith a letter sent by express by the people of Asheville. You will thus be enabled to judge of the state of the case, and we are sure that you will do all that you can for our protection.

We will only add that, in our judgment, a raid to Greenville and the upper districts would be eminently disastrous. Besides the gun factory, there are several large cotton factories in Greenville, and the lower portion of the State must mainly depend on the upper districts for provisions--to say nothing of the disastrous consequences of a permanent occupation of the Warm Springs as a rendezvous for the many disaffected men in upper counties of North Carolina.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADDY THOMPSON,

JNO. W. GRADY.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbia, October 29, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.;

GENERAL: His Excellency, the Governor directs me to send you the inclosed copy of a letter from Captain Boykin.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. ARTHUR,

Private Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

GREENVILLE, S. C., October 28, 1863.

His Excellency Governor BONHAM,

Columbia, S. C.:

I have, Your Excellency, just received a letter from Colonel Harrison, aide-de-camp, desiring that I should furnish you with any

