
information I may have relative to the movements of the enemy about Warm Springs, N. C., and to take the necessary steps to learn the condition of things. I send this by General W. Thompson, who is going to Columbia to see Your Excellency, with the latest communication from that country.

I will send a courier to Asheville at once, and will forward any report I may receive as soon as it comes to hand.

From information I have just received from the Rev. M. Hanckel, who saw Lieutenant Lee, from Asheville, the force about the Warm Springs consists for the most part of renegade Tennesseeans and north, Carolinians, mixed with some Yankeeds. They are said to have four pieces of artillery.

I came into Greenville to-day to learn what I could. It is probable there may be some exaggeration in it.

I remain, Your Excellency, very respectfully, yours,

ED. M. BOYKIN,

Captain, Commanding State Troops.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 29, 1863.

Major C. D. MELTON,

Columbia, S. C.:

Colonel Williams' regiment, six-months' volunteers, has been ordered to Greenville, to guard northwestern part of State,and assist Governor Vance as far as practicable. I have no cavalry to send with him. Boykin's squadron ought to report to Williams, for joint operations.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

(Copy to M. L. Bonham, Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.)

OFFICE COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE, Charleston, October 29, 1863.

Major H. C. GUERIN,

Chief of Subsistence, Charleston:

SIR: In obedience to instructions contained in your letter of the 16th instant, "to proceed without delay to inquire into the cause of the shipments of cattle from Florida for this post having ceased, and, if possible, to have them immediately resumed," I proceeded to Florida, and, having discharged that duty, respectfully submit the following report:

When I entered the State of Florida I proceeded directly to Quincy, to see Major P. W. White, chief commissary for that State. On my arrival at Quincy, I found that that indefatigable officer was absent, having gone to the eastern and southern portions of the State to perfect his arrangements for the supply of beef for the armies of Generals Beauregard and Bragg. By a delay of twenty-four hours in Quincy. I had the satisfaction of meeting him. From him, I was pleased to learn that the apparent cessation of our supply of beef cattle was not attributable to the presence in that State (as you had feared) of officers from General Bragg's army, but sprung from

