
other caused, over which Major White had no control. It is proper to mention here that Major White is a recent appointment, and it devolved upon him to organize the administration of his entire department, under recent acts of Congress relating to taxes in kind, impressments, &amp;c. This organization was not complete, and the new officers entered upon the discharge of their several duties when General Bragg's army was thrown on him for a supply of beef, and the only wonder is that he has been enabled, under all the circumstances, to accomplished so much. The requisition for cattle for General Bragg's army is to the requisition for General Beauregard's army in this State as two are two are to one, and Major White at once ordered all direct commissaries to ship one-third of their purchases to Charleston and two-third at Atlanta.

These instructions have been carried out in good faith by the district commissaries, so far as I could learn, and one-third of the while number of cattle collected in the State has been sent to this post. That the number received has not been larger is owing to several causes. First, the cattle, which in the spring and early summer months are to be found in large herds, are at this season scattered, and, singly or two and three together, have gone deep into the swamps, whence it is almost impossible to drive them. Secondly, the details of cow drivers, long since asked for from General Bragg's army, have until very recently been disregarded, if not positively refused, and parties unacquainted with the cattle-ranges have been found of little use in hunting them up and driving them out. Thirdly, all the water courses have been much swollen, and a large portion of the flat lands of Southern and Lower Eastern Florida has been inundated to such an est net that it was almost impossible to drive the cattle from the best cattle region of the State. Particularly was this the case in the country lying along Kissimmee River, and Kissimmee and Okeechobee Lakes, and their tributaries and outlets. Some of these obstacles are now partially removed, large details of cow-drivers having come on from General Bragg's army, and the water having begun to subside, so that we may expect the supply soon to become regular for the balance of the season. For our present necessities, I have to report 300 head at Stockton (Numbers 13, Gulf road), awaiting transportation on the t instant; about 230 head to leave the neighborhood of Sanderson, Fla., on the 27th instant, and between 400 and 500 head to be started from Madison, Fla., by Major White during the early part of this week. In addition to this, I learned by inquiring along the line of the Pensacola and Florida Railroad that two droves had passed up in the direction of Stockton, which are doubtless for this post. This will give us about 1,500 head now well on their way toward this city, and before they are consumed to regular shipments from Captains Summer and Baldwin and Messrs. McKay and Stubbs will begin to arrive.

Mr. McKay is the district commissary in the best cattle section of this State, but he is of recent appointment, and did not commence operations until the 1st instant, and we have not, up to this time, received any cattle from that source. I have not doubt cattle from him are now on the way to the line of railroad. I have the assurance of Major White that everything possible will be done to supply General Beauregard's army in this State, and form the industry and efficiency of that officer I am satisfied that the matter is safe in this hands. From the arrangements made by Major White you may, with perfect safety, count on an average supply of beef during the

