
it is hoped, may be done at night without risk, after consultation with the engineer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 1, 1863-9.30 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter has continued steadily since yesterday. Damage considerable, but not vital; 15 casualties, 13 of which due to fall of barrack walls. Ruins of fort will be defended to last estermity. Ironsides is still silent.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 226. Charleston, S. C., November 1, 1863.

* * * *

II. An 8-inch columbian now in Castle Pinckney will be exchanged, without delay, with the 10-inch columbian in Fort Ripley nearest the main channel.

III. The following rearrangement of the ordnance on Sullivan's Island will be made without delay, to wit:

Transfer from Fort Moultrie two 24-pounder smooth-bore guns and one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer to Battery Marshall.

Two 24-pounder smooth-bore guns to lines in Christ Church.

One 8-inch sea-coast howitzer to Battery Beauregard.

One rifled 32-pounder on west face to the battery between Batteries Beauregard and Marshall.

Transfer from Battery Marshall one 32-pounder smooth-bore (now dismounted) to Two-Gun Battery, between Batteries Beauregard and Marshall.

IV. The 12-pounder siege-carriage at Battery Marshall will be sent forthwith to the arsenal, to the arranged for a banded 12-pounder already at that battery, and which has no carriage.

V. The following disposition of guns now at the arsenal will be made:

Four 12-pounder bronze howitzers to be sent to Battery Ryan (right).

One 12-pounder bronze howitzers to Battery Toatom.

One 24-pounder rifled and banded gun to the rear battery of Secessionville, and the rifled 24-pounder gun already there will be sent to the arsenal, to be banded,when it will be returned to Secessionville, to be put in place of another 24-pounder rifle, which will likewise be banded and held for subsequent assignment, as the exigencies of the service may require.

* * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

