
companies it, a personal interview. I declined both until an apology was made for their breach of truce to-day. It was satisfactorily explained. My aide, Captain Tracy, will give details. He also bears two communications for General Beauregard. Gillmore's communication accepts my proposition; appointed Friday next, at 10 o'clock, at a point from which the enemy's fleet usually engaged us, for the spot. Negroes mutually ignored in correspondence and conversation.

Then General Vogdes proposed verbally from General Gillmore an exchange of prisoners-said they had but few of ours, all except those recently captured having been sent north-that as we had the excess "of course we could select whom to exchange." This was the only hint at negroes. He also intimated that a mutual parole of prisoners without regard to excess would be agreeable. They also sent in Bee's body and sword.

Very respectfully,

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure C.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., August 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General JORDAN:

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am directed to report the facts in relation to the truce on Morris Island on the 19th July, and the desertion of Private Green, First South Carolina Regular Infantry.

Early after daylight on the 19th, I sent out burial parties in front of the fort to bury the dead of the enemy, and others to bring in their wounded. Late in the morning, I think about 10 o'clock, General Gillmore, sent in a communication requesting permission to receive and bury his dead within our lines. To this I replied that I had been burying his dead, and caring for his wounded since early morning, and would continue to do so.

The correspondence on this subject was forwarded to district headquarters, and I beg leave to refer to it.

My burial parties continued their work without intermission till dark, getting through about dusk. The enemy's wounded were attended to before their dead were interred, but in some few instances (not exceeding a half dozen) wounded men were not brought in until near dark. This was from their being overlooked. They were in every case desperately wounded, and had been considered dead until actual interment was about to take place.

As soon as my reply was sent to General Gillmore-and not before, that I had perceived-burial parties of the enemy became busily employed beyond out lines, and this state of actual de facto truce arising out of General Gillmore's flag continued all day. In some instances that I saw, the enemy's parties approached within pistol-shot of my picket line. My pickets were specially instructed not to fire upon such parties. Late in the day another flag came from the enemy's lines, requesting Colonel Putnam's body, which I promptly sent them. During the time that one of these flags was upon the beach, the first, the soldiers from the fort crowded toward it (burial parties and some from the fort). The officer of the-day and two of my staff were sent to repress this irregularity, but during this truce, I am in-

