
DISTRICT OF MIDDLE FLORIDA.

Brigadier General WILLIAM M. GARDNER.

2nd Florida Cavalry (five companies), Colonel Caraway Smith.

4th Florida Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel J. F. McClellan.

5th Florida Cavalry Battalion, Major G. W. Scott.

Partisan Rangers (Florida), Captain W. J. Robinson.

Florida Cavalry Company, Captain A. W. Hunter.

Florida Cavlary Company, Captain A. C. Smith.

1st Georgia (Regulars), Colonel William J. Magill.

28th Georgia Battalion, Captain A. Bonaud.

64th Georgia, Colonel John W. Evans.

Echols Artillery, Captain John H. Tiller.

Georgia Siege Artillery, Captain C. G. Campbell.

Leon Artillery, Captain R. H. Gamble.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT, Adams Run, S. C., November 1, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Since my arrival here I have visited nearly every outpost except those on John's Island, whither I go to-morrow (Monday) morning, and will be absent several days. I shall then have obtained practical knowledge of all important points in my district.

I returned from Jackson borough last night. Was much gratified at the satisfactory condition of Captain Walter's command.

Owing to the arduous picket duty to which to which the men in this vicinity are subjected, averaging three tours every week, I had designed ordering Captain Gregg to join his regiment, but hearing that Colonel Anderson would be here in a few days, and finding Gregg's company apparently so well disciplined, I was induced to postpone the order.

The Florida Battery (four guns), from Savannah, has arrived in good condition. Captain Walter has been ordered to exchange his two Napoleons for 10-pounder Parrotts. He is anxious to get two Napoleon in place of the howitzers he now has. Will you do me that favor to issue the necessary orders to the ordnance officer? The ordnance sergeant goes to Charleston to-day, and he can bring back the guns needed to compete the desired change, viz, one Napoleon and the two Parrots. One of the Napoleons now in the battery is disabled and will be sent to Charleston with the howitzers, should the foregoing request be granted.

I am very anxious to procure infantry supports for the artillery at Willstown, and on the Toogoodoo, in order that I may concentrate Aiken's regiment for the purposes of drill, instruction, and especially discipline.

I consider it of the first importance to "set up" this regiment as speedily as possible.

Please show this communication to the commanding general, whose assistance I most respectfully and earnestly solicit in the effort I am making to place the district in the best state of defense that my limited means will admit of.

Please order R. E. Elliott, of the Charleston Dragoons, to report to me, in order to value certain cattle owned by him, and needed for the troops.

Please inform me if this is considered a post.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

