HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, November 2, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send to the headquarters of the Department a valise, two bags, and two packages received at Battery Marshall, on the 30t ultimo, by of truce, for prisoners of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 2, 1863-8 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter still continues as last reported, with no additional casualties to last night. President expected here to-day at meridian.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CIRCULAR.] OFFICE OF CHIEF COMMISSARY, 	Quincy, Fla., November 2, 1863.

It has been a subject of anxious consideration how i could, without injury to our cause, expose to the people throughout the State the present perilous condition of our army. To do this through the public press would point out our source of danger to our enemies. To see each one in person, or even a sufficient number to effect the object contemplated, is impossible, yet the necessity of general and immediate action is imperative to save our army, and with it our cause, from disaster. The issues of this contest are now transferred to the people disaster. The issues of this contest are now transferred to the people at home. If they fail to do their duty, and sustain the army in its present position, it must fall back. If the enemy break through our present line, the wave of desolation may roll even to the shores of the Gulf and Atlantic. In discipline, valor, and the skill of its leaders, our army has proved more than a match for the enemy. But the best appointed army cannot maintain its position without support at home. The people should never suffer it to be said that they valued their cattle and hogs, their corn and money, more than their liberties and honor, and that they had to be compelled to support an army they had sent to battle in their defense. We hope it will not become necessary to resort to impressments among a people fighting for their existence and in defense of their homes, country, and institutions. We prefer rather to appeal to them by every motive of duty and honor, by the love they bear their wives and daughters, by the memory of the heroic dead, and the future this darkest hour of its peril.

A country which can afford to send forth in its defense the flower of its youth, and the best of its manhood, can afford, and is in

