
honor bound, to sustain them at any coast and sacrifice of money and property. They have sacrificed home and ease, and suffered untold hardships, and with their lives are now defending everything we hold most sacred.

Florida had done nobly in this contest. Her sons have achieved the highest character for their State, and won imperishable honors for themselves. These brave men are now suffering for want of food. Not only the men from Florida, but the whole army, of the south are in this condition . Our honor as a people demands that we do our duty to them. They must be fed.

The following extract from official letters in my possession, do but partially represent the present condition of the armies of Generals Bragg and Beauregard, and their gloomy prospects for future supplies.

Major J. F. Chumming, who supplies General Bragg's army, writes:

It is absolutely and vitally important that all the cattle that can possibly be brought here shall be brought as promptly as possible.

And again, on the 5th of October, he says:

I cannot too strongly urge upon you the necessity, yes, the urgent necessity, of sending forward cattle promptly. It appears that all other resources are exhausted, and that we are now dependent upon your State for beef for the very large army of General Bragg. I know you will leave not stone unburned, and I must say all is now dependent on your exertions, so far as beef is concerned. In regard to bacon, the stock is about exhausted; hence beef is our only hope. I know the prospect is very discouraging, and it only remains with those of us having charge of this done this, our country cannot complain of us. If we fail to do all that can be done, and our cause shall fail, upon us will rest the responsibility; therefore, let us employ every means at our command.

Again, on the 6th, he says:

Major A, can explain to you the great and absolute necessity for prompt action in the matter; for, major, I assure you that nearly all now depends on you.

And, on the 19th of October, he says:

Captain Townsend, assistant commissary of subsistence, having a leave of absence for thirty days from the Army of the Tennessee, I have prevailed on him to see you and explain to you my straitened condition, ad the imminent danger of our army suffering for the want of beef.

And, on the 20th of October, he wrote:

The army is to-day on half rations of beef, and, I fear, within a few days will have nothing but bear to eat. This is truly a dark hour with us, and I cannot see what is to be done. All that is left for us to do, is to do all we can, and then we will have a clear conscience, no matter what the world may say.

Major Locke, chief commissary of Georgia, wrote:

I pray you, major, to put every agency in motion that you can to send cattle without a moment's delay toward the Georgia borders. The troops in Charleston are in great extremity. We look alone to you for cattle. Those in Georgia are exhausted.

Major Guerin, chief commissary of South Carolina, wrote:

We are almost entirely dependent on Florida, and it is of the last importance at this time that the troops here should be subsisted.

Again, he says:

As it, our situation is full danger, from want of meant, and extraordinary efforts are required to prevent disaster.

