
[Four indorsement.]

With reference to the matter referred to in this statement. I have respectfully to state that the orders referred to within were given immediately to the officer in command of Battery Marshall. Why these articles were received, I cannot state, as that officer is not now under my command. These things, as appear from his note inclosed with this paper, were received by him four days after I had been officially informed that Colonel Hamilton was placed in command of that part the island. The articles having thus,without any previous knowledge of mine, been sent to my headquarters, it was deemed proper to forward them to the district commander.

T. L. CLINGMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Fifth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS, Sullivan's Island, November 7, 1863.

Respectfully returned, with remarks of Lieutenant Colonel P. H. Nelson.

D. H. HAMILTON,Colonel, Commanding.

[Sixth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Mount Pleasant, November 7, 1863.

Respectfully returned, with Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson's explanation.

R. S. RIPLEY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS BATTERY MARSHALL, November 7, 1863.

The accompanying communication having been referred to me as the commanding officer at Battery Marshall, when the flag of truce was received, I make the following explanation in vindication of the course adopted by me:

I received some time since, on the very day that a flag of truce was sent in from the enemy, instructions from Brigadier-General Ripley that nothing should be received by a flag of truce unless it was for the French consul. The flag of truce covered nothing but clothing, &amp;c., sent from the enemy to our prisoners. Major Rion, who was sent out to meet the flag of truce, declined to receive these things, and on his return sent me a written report with reference to the matter, which I forwarded,* accompanied with a letter from myself, asking for definite instructions with reference to flags of truce. I asked for definite instructions, believing that the instructions from Brigadier-General Ripley were somewhat in conflict with instructions previously received from department headquarters.

A letter, dated headquarters Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, Charleston, S. C., October 22, 1863, and addressed to Brigadier-General Clingman, was forwarded to me as instructions for my future guidance.

---------------

*See p. 426.

---------------

