
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT, Charleston, November 5, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

J. R. WADDY,Chief of Ordnance.

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, November 6, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Gonzales, chief of artillery. By order:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, James Island, November 11, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

The damage 24-pounder at Haskell, to command a creek, answers every purpose of a 24-pounder with a full charge, and saves a better gun, needed elsewhere. If ever fired in the position it is now at, it will hardly be as often as half a dozen times; hence, should remain as a serviceable substitute.

There is nothing to warrant the supposition of the within report of inspection of ordnance that the guns therein mentioned are intended to be rifled for "field service." The 32's, smooth bore, on this island, were recommended by the undersigned to be examined, with a view of procuring beforehand such the commanding general, whenever he felt disposed to have any of them rifled, to designate the precise gun, and to save an inspection for every individual gun so ordered to be rifled. If the inspection has been extended to the 24, 18, and 12 pounder guns, the same knowledge is obtained, for the future, in relation to them, and for the same contingencies, as in the case of the 32's. Meanwhile, the prejudice of Major Barnewell is not affected, as the guns on new lines, for land defense, remain as recommended by the Board-the immense majority of them smooth-bores.

AMBROSION JOSE GONZALES,Colonel, and Chief of Art., 6th and 7th Mil. Dists., and of Dept.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT, McPhersonville, November 4, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have always felt the want of a more retired line of defense on the peninsula between the Ashepoo and Combahee Rivers.

The recent operations of the enemy on the Combahee River, its navigability, and numerous points for landing a large force point out that avenue of approach as more likely to be used tan three route by the Ashepoo.

The letter river is also obstructed at two points, whereas the Combahee is open. For the purpose of meeting this want, I propose the secondary line, marked in red in the inclosed sketch.* You will

---------------

*Sketch to appear in Atlas.

---------------

