
observe that it takes advantage of the natural features of defense, and commands the outlet of all the roads on a line varying from a mile to 2 miles below the railroad.

I do not propose to abandon the lower line, but to fight it with expectation of being re-enforced; if forced from it, to retire to the second line, by which time re-enforcement should have arrived.

Three or four epaulements for artillery, flanked by rifle-pits, would be all that was required. Lieutenant-Colonel Stokes was ordered to examine the line in detail, and reports that, in his opinion, its adoption would greatly strengthen his means of holding the peninsula.

If you have not already drawn all the labor from that neighborhood, hands could be impressed there; if they have, you might spare me 50 for the purpose.

Respectfully submitted.

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, November 7, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Harris, chief engineer, for his views.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 11, 1863.

Return by Colonel Harris.

Captain Gregorie has been ordered to report to General Walker, for an examination of the proposed defensive line.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 229. Charleston, S. C., November 4, 1863.

* * * *

III. The garrison of Fort Sumter, until otherwise directed, shall consist do not more than 300 infantry, non-commissioned officers, and privates, under command of Major Stephen Elliott, jr.

The garrison will be supplied from the Seventh Military District without further orders or requisitions, and will be relieved in detachments of about 100 men a night, every fourth or fifth night, commencing the 6th instant.

* * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 5, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter still continues unabated; 2 slightly wounded since last report. Since attack commenced, ten days ago,

