
enemy have fired on Sumter 7,425 shots and shells, varying from 30 to 300 pounds, killing 5 men and wounding 20; 13 were killed in addition by fall of barrack wall.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., November 5, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,Commanding Sixth Military District, Saint Andrew's Parish:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to impart the following instructions for your information and guidance;

You will hold two regiments of your brigade in reserve near the two Wappoo Cut bridges, next to the Ashley River, in addition to the regiment already detached, ready to move at a moment's notice to the assistance of General Taliaferro, and seven companies of the remaining, regiment of your command keep also in reserve on Thompson's or Geddes' place, near the road along the Stono to the new lines, passing by Fort Pemberton. The other three companies of this regiment will act as a support to the batteries at Church Flats, Rantowles, Palmer's, Wilkes', Haig', and Geddes'.

Should musketry firing in the Seventh Military District continue more than half an hour, and no call for assistance from General Taliaferro be received, you will commence the movement of the first two regiments by the shortest route in the direction of the heaviest firing. The batterion disposed along the Stono will await orders to advance to the new lines of the Seventh District, or to any other point where its present may be required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CLIFTON H. SMITH,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Brigadier General W. B. Taliaferro.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Mount Pleasant, November 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the confidential communication of this date,* relative to the defense of Sullivan's Island. I shall endeavor to make the proper dispositions, and, that i may do so effectually, I have respectfully to request that two light batteries may be ordered to report to me at once.

I will see that the infantry force is in hand for any emergency that may arise, but quick-acting and quick-moving artillery, I fear I shall be deficient in. No tools have as yet been obtained to supply the troops which I had intended to employ on the works of Battery Marshall, and our only way, it seems to me, is to fill up the gaps there and elsewhere switch light pieces. I can hardly move the battery which I have in reserve here to station it at those localities, and to move it after the alarm would take too long a time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See of 4th instant, p. 484.

---------------

