
assistance which it may be within his power to afford, which may reasonably be expected to enable you to operate effectively or with some chance for successful resistance. He is likewise authorized to call on you for aid in a similar contingency.

In view of this arrangement, it will be proper for you mutually to keep yourselves acquainted with each other's resources or means of defense and offense.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS JORDAN,]

Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Brigadier General W. M. Gardner.0

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 7, 1863.

Brigadier General WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Royal's House:

Send re-enforcement to Sumter on first indication of an assault.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., November 7, 1863.

J. R. TUCKER,Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Afloat, Charleston, S. C.;

SIR: In consequence of the telegram of Major Norris, a copy of which has been furnished you, it becomes necessary that all possible means of defense should be prepared and arranged for the contingency indicated.

As a part of those preparations, let me suggest that, in the event a night attack should be made on Fort Sumter, the Juno should at once repair to Fort Johnson and take on board, say, 200 men, to be thrown into the former work, as soon as practicable, to re-enforce the garrison, due precaution and means being taken to prevent casualties from firing into her, either by our batteries or from you own vessels; to which end I beg that you will arrange a signal, to be made from your own vessels when the Juno may be ready to enter upon such a service and a cessation of fire will be necessary on our side for her safety. The re-enforcement will be landed as soon as practicable after the Juno has taken them on board.

As a means of defeating any attempt of the enemy, either to assail Sumter or to carry and hold Battery Simkins, let me further suggest that, as agreed verbally to-day, one, or, if possible, two, of your iron-clads shall take position at night in such a way as to sweep with their fire the space between Fort Johnson and Cummings' Point, and also between Battery Simkins and Fort Johnson, in case the former battery, unfortunately, should be agreed upon which, if given at Fort Johnson, will authorize you to open your fire on that battery, and another to indicate when to desist, as, course, I should endeavor to retake it at once.

