
In the event of the enemy's iron-clads attempting to remove the obstructions between Sumter and Moultrie during an attack on the Sullivan's Island batteries, you gunboats, I presume, might take such a position in the vicinity of Sumter, out of the direct fire of our batteries, as will, if possible, enable them to foil the enemy's object. Should they endeavor to pass the obstructions without stopping to remove them or fight our works, then your position would doubtless be a little in rear of the second line of defense; that is, James Island, Fort Ripley, and Castle Pinckney, according to the channel through which the enemy's vessels may attempt to pass.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, commanding.HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., November 7, 1863.

Major General J. F. GILMER,Second in Command, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Should the enemy's iron-close enter the harbor, the commanding general thinks it probable they will endeavor to take the Fort Johnson lines facing toward Morris Island in flank and reverse, to favor an infantry attack upon Battery Simkins, and, possibly, at the same time, make a similar front attack from Fort Johnson to the Martello Tower.

It becomes important, then, to guard against the first by traverses wherever required, and against the second by a line of rifle-pits or infantry parapets connecting the batteries near the Martello Tower with the one at Fort Johnson.

The commanding general, therefore, desires you, assisted by Colonel Harris, to make a proper examination to determine whether these rifle-pits should be prolonged to the creek below Battery Wampler, or turned back near the Martello Tower toward the marshes facing Morris Island, wherever the ground is most favorable for such a defensive line, or whether the detached redoubts ordered some time ago should be at once commenced, suspending, meanwhile, further labor on the new lines, which are now deemed quite defensible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS JORDAN,]

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MILITARY DISTRICT, SOUTH CAROLINA, November 7, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge communication from department headquarters, covering a dispatch from Major Norris, chief of signal corps, and directing me to pay particular attention to the eastern approaches to this island.

I am fully sensible of the imperative necessity of watching and defending the approaches, and have made the best disposition which the limited number of troops would admit, having in view the caution which was also conveyed, not to weaken too much the force on the new lines.

