
rocket will be fired from a point in rear. The commander of troops on the right and left will immediately send such portion of his force as he can spare to the support of the threatened position. When an infantry force requires support, a Roman candle burned in the rear will give notice, and adjacent commanders will support it, if possible. The flanks at Batteries Marshall and Beauregard must be held with positive and stubborn pertinacity. Should, however, an attack made at either point be positively repulsed, the commanding officers of brigades will organize a force from their commands to sweep the beach in the direction of other points, care being taken to leave sufficient to protect their own positions from a possible renewal on the part of the enemy.

In case a movement of this character is made from Battery Marshall, the line will be formed with the right resting on the sand-hills, the left on the beach; the left being retired, and the advance cautiously made with artillery in the center of the line. The artillery should at proper periods of halt be fired seaward. Before making the advance the commander should be careful to send word to the troops and batteries, and to make a positive signal, which will be the sending up the three rockets in quick succession; and if he had field music let it play on the flank resting on the sand-hills. As the line advances the troops which it masks will support it, leaving a full guard on its own ground, and such batteries as become masked will case firing. Should the advance be made from the direction of Battery Beauregard and eastward, the left with rest on the sand-hills, the right being retired. A similar signal as prescribed before will be made, and the intelligence be sent to the troops toward which the line approaches.

Should the action become general along the whole line of beach, re-enforcement or support sent from one point to another will go by the rear until its character has changed. Care will be take to have the troops well in hand and in order. Should the enemy be repulsed, the line will be reformed, pickets re-established, and daylight be awaited before further movements, excepting the care of the wounded. To insure the last, the senior medical officers of Brigadier-General Clingman's Colonels Hamilton's and Butler's and Keitt's commands, will make all necessary arrangements, and provide badges, which can be distinguished, for the men employed on ambulance service. None others than those properly detailed will be allowed to quit their ranks on any pretense whatsoever.

The above instructions relate generally to the repulse of an attack by boats on the beach east of Battery Rutledge. To the west of that point, artillerymen and infantrymen will be in position at their guns and along the parapet, and repulse vigorously any attack which may be made. Re-enforcement will be sent over from Mount Pleasant, if practicable. Should any be required from the troops to the east, special requisitions or orders will be sent to their respective commanders. The artillery of the heavy batteries will give their attention to the beach and pour in a fire of canister, if a landing is tried; but care will also be taken to be in readiness to open on the enemy's iron-clad fleet, should a passage be attempt. The bridge guard and the troops at the cove will repel any attempt of the enemy to land in that direction.

The guns of Battery Gary, on Mount Pleasant, will be trained to fire to the right of the breakwater on Sullivan's Island, and will

32 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT II

