
sweep the water thence around the Hog Island Channel. The watch fires will be kindled on the Month Pleasant shore, from Battery Gary to Sherns [?] Creek, as soon as the attack is developed, and the guard will be doubled along the shore. Two light pieces will be placed in position to command the landing at the wharf, and the passage or landing of a fleet of boats he prevented.

Three hundred infantry will be left at Mount Pleasant, and all the cavalry will mount and patrol the beach and its vicinity. The remaining force of infantry will be immediately thrown forward to the support of Sullivan's Island, west of Fort Moultrie, by Colonel L. M. Keitt, who will proceed thither and take direction of the supporting force in that quarter. Colonel Keitt will see that arrangements are daily made for the dispositions named, and that the commanding officer who will take charge of Mouth Pleasant shall be, fully informed of his duties. The commanding officer at Kinloch's will, as soon as he is assured of the engagement, leave a strong guard at that point, and march with his remaining effective force to Mount Pleasant, to re-enforce the troops there stationed. He will direct the boats under charge of the two companies of the Twentieth South Carolina Volunteers at Kinloch's

to be gotten in readiness, and proceed to the vicinity of Sullivan's Island, where they will lie within hailing distance of the wharf near the commissary store, but will not land without orders.

Hereafter, a watchword and reply will be furnished to all officers of the command at retreat. This is distinguished from the countersign, as it will be used by all officer in charge of parties of troops who will habitually call the watchword and receive the reply when meeting any number more than 4 or 5.

The above are the general instructions which occur in preparing for repulsing a sudden attack with the present force. It is the wish of the brigadier-general commanding that they be studied and understood by all the officers of the command.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 9, 1862-8.30 a. m.

General S. COOPER:

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter gradually diminishing; 2 severely and 3 slightly wounded since last report. Fort still in defensible condition, and garrison in good spirits. Ironsides continues silent at her usual anchorage.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 10, 1863-11.30 a.m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter continues gradually to decrease; no casualties since last report. Total number of shots since 26th ultimo, when attack recommenced, is 9,306. Fort is still in a defensible condition.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

