
MORRIS ISLAND, August 21, 1863-10.05 p.m.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

I will see to it.

GILLMORE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Morris Island, S. C., August 21, 1863.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding S. A. B. Squadron, off Morris Island, S. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: In reply to your letter of this date, I have to say that I consider the present service of the monitors against Fort Wagner much less important than their efficient service against Fort Sumter and the interior defenses of Charleston Harbor. I will try to get along without them now.

The barbette fire of Fort Sumter is very much impaired, and by to-morrow noon there will be nothing there to interfere with the near approach of the monitors to that place. I will write you again this evening or to-morrow on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,In the Field, Morris Island, August 21, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of the 8th and 11th, the former in reply to mine of the 4th, and the latter in regard to newspaper correspondents.

The orders of the Secretary of War upon this last-mentioned subject will be carried out to the letter.

I inclose herewith a sketch of Fort Sumter,* showing the condition of the gorge wall at 10 o'clock to-day, taken by one of my assistants.

At the present moment, 1 p.m., it looks much worse. Matters progress satisfactorily with the army.

By to-morrow I hope to be able to announce to Admiral Dahlgren that the fire of Fort Sumter is practically destroyed, so that the monitors can get in.

My battery on the marsh, midway between Morris and James Islands, is ready to open.

I inclose copy of a letter this day sent to General Beauregard under a flag of truce, via Fort Wagner.#

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 597.

#See p. 57.

---------------

