HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., November 11, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. MERCER,Commanding District of Georgia, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: It is the wish of the War Department that ports favorable for the use and resort of a small class of sea-going steamers, engaged in running the blockade, shall be opened, if possible, in your district. Please have the matter thoroughly examined into, and make a detailed report to these headquarters, exhibiting whether or not a port or ports of the proper capacity and localities are to be formed in your district, with such details and information as may assist the views of the Government in this connection.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS JORDAN,]

Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Brigadier General J. H. Trapeir, commanding Fourth Military District South Carolina, Georgetown, S. C.; to Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, commanding District of East Florida, Lake City, Fla., and to Brigadier General W. M. Gardner, commanding District of Middle Florida, Quincy, Fla.)

FORT JOHNSON, November 11, 1863-10.10 p. m.

Brigadier-General JORDAN:

The Yankees have just had a small fight, on their own hook, between Wagner and Gregg. From what I could see and from the reports of my advance guards, I think two detachments of Abolitionists must have mistaken each other for enemies, whereupon they fired into each other. Several hundred small-arms were fired. I am ignorant of the result. Everything quiet.

GEO. P. HARRISON, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 12, 1863-10 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter continues with 10-inch mortars, 30 and 100 pounder Parrotts. Only 1 man slightly wounded in the last twenty-four hours. Ironsides remains quiet at her anchorage, having moved but one and not fired one shot since attack of torpedo boat David. Probabilities are she has been seriously injured.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, November 12, 1863.

Captain W. F. NANCE:

CAPTAIN: About 1 o'clock to-day a monitor passed up the island, at some distance, until she was nearly as high up as Battery Marshall. She fired several at this island, about 1 miles this side of Battery Marshall. Only one of the shots reached the shore that I

