
saw, and seemed to have been aimed at a fatigued party about half a mile above my headquarters. At 7 o'clock she is going back toward the fleet.

T. L. CLINGMAN,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.- Two two-masted steamers and a steam tug are returning with her.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 12, 1863.

General JOSEPH R. ANDERSON,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR GENERAL: I thank you for your kind note of the 9th instant, and the slips of paper from the Scientific American. My ordnance officer here had already tried some experiments with the celebrated Yankee Creek-fire, taken from some of their unexploded shells, and found it to be a mere humbug; one pint of water extinguished the quantity held by one shell. Moreover, the 12 or 14 shells which have fallen in the city fired only one house, which was extinguished with one bucket of water. What a nation of humbugs and humbuggers; and how incorrigible they are, always passing from one absurdity to another still worse! I sincerely hope we have parted company with them forever.

Gillmore seems to be at a lost what to do next. I believe he has got to the end of this rope. He will probably soon commence pulling at another, with which I trust he will hang himself.

In haste, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

P. S.- I am in possession of a "liquid fire" which will make the Yanks open their eyes whenever I commence using it against their encampments.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., November 12, 1863.

Major MOTTE A. PRINGLE,

Quartermaster, Charleston, S. C.:

MAJOR: Have a steamer in readiness to-night at Fort Johnson wharf, to take on re-enforcements in case of an assault by the enemy on Fort Sumter. Let the captain report to, and receive instructions as to his movements incase of an emergency from, Captain Porcher, of the Juno, in order that he may act in accordance with the same instructions which Captain Porcher has received for a similar case.

By order of the commanding general:

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WEMYSS FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 13, 1863 - 10.30 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

We are sadly in need of 10-inch mortar shells - nearly all mortars have silent over three weeks; they should be now our principal

