
reliance, night and day, to hold Sumter. All our batteries have not average together 50 shots per twenty-four hours in last fortnight, to economize ammunition.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 13, 1863 - 10.30 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter continues with more vigor at night, principally with mortars, to cut off communications with city, Enemy uses calcium light. Only 1 man killed in last twenty-four hours; none wounded. Ironside still silent.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 13, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Mount Pleasant, S. C.:

GENERAL: The commanding general has directed that the exact direction of the enemy's calcium light shall be determined, by triangulatin or otherwise, from certain batteries on James Island, and he also wishes the same steps to be taken at Fort Moultrie, in order that the position of the light in question may be ascertained, and that a concentrated fire may be maintained upon it until it shall be extinguished.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

(Similar telegram to Brigadier General W. B. Taliaferro, James Island, S. C.)
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., November 13, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Mount Pleasant, S. C.:

GENERAL: In directing, some days ago, 31st ultimo, the employment of "the troops of your command to secure Battery Marshall from flank and reverse fire, as soon as practicable," the commanding general did not contemplate any departure from the general system upon which works are constructed in the department; that is, upon the plans of the engineers, with the substitution, for negro labor, of soldiers to do the work, under the supervision of their officers, as prescribed in Paragraph V, Special Orders, Numbers 131, series 1863.*

For the work in question a plan had been determined upon, from which it is hoped no deviation was involved by the orders of Colonel Hamilton.

Of course, should it appear to you that from any cause there is, or

---------------

* Of June 27. See p. 171.

---------------

