
defensive guns. I apprehend the possibility of a concentric fire upon that post from Folly River, Long Island, Light-House Inlet, Black Island, and, possibly, the heavy works on Little Folly and south side of Morris Island. Heavy works should, in my judgment, be thrown up on both these sides, with numerous for siege and field guns to be run up to, when necessary, and sufficient bombproof, in their rear, for the numerous infantry which will be required at this post to meet as possible, nay, probable, attack upon it from every approachable quarter. The old foot-bridge, if not in good condition, should be repaired, sand-bags put on the north side of it, and guarded heavily in the night. This would not only assist in preventing a landing at Upper Mellichamp's, but the passage up the creek of the enemy's small boats to stealthily burn the bridge proper and isolate the garrison.

The road leading out from Fort Lamar might be covered on the Long Island side, and positions for a light battery arranged on the margin of the marsh, under the guns of Fort Lamar, wherewith to flank part of east approach to Secessionville. The redans in old east lines might be advantageously cut down for Napoleon guns, after withdrawing the few 24's left, and by keeping a gun at each redoubt of old lines, and bringing part of the siege train to those now dismantled at Royal's, a second line of defense could even now be improvised for James Island; the better so that, for want of siege carriages, the 24's now en barbette on them could not, for a long time, be used elsewhere, except as barbette guns.

The two 10-inch mortars at Haskell would, in my opinion, ne now more available on eastern face of Secessionville. We do not command the approach to that face or the positions bearing upon it, but from that face itself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMBROSIO JOSE GONZALES,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., November 17, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Gilmer and Colonel Harris, for their remarks.

The latter had already received orders for an increase of the defenses on the water front of Secessionville and intermediate points to Redoubt Numbers 1, when this communication was received.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY DEPT. WEST FLORIDA,

Quincy, November 16, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL DEPT. WEST FLORIDA:

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 9, I have the honor to make the following report:

Proceeding forts to the obstructions, I arrived there early Sunday morning, the 8th instant, and found the defenses there in charge of Captain Blount and his company of Bonaud's battalion. These troops had been there but a short time, having relieved Captain

