
only communication, and we have no armed vessels with which to dislodge him. Indeed, it is possible for such an enemy to take the upper battery in the rear, and turn its guns upon the lower one, while the guns of the latter do not command the former. It is said that one of the superintendents in the construction of the defenses is now with the enemy, and is througly acquainted with he whole position.

Finding that Bonaud's battalion was still at camp Scott, 6 miles from the battery, at Hammock Landing, I determined to return and visit that defense by land. I arrived at camp Thursday morning, the 11th instant, and found the battalion making preparations to leave for Quincy. Major Bonaud's is for the most part a good command. He exercises discipline, and I think will make am efficient officer. Coming to Florida in midsummer, his command has suffered much from sickness, and this occurring at the very time of organization, made his position a very difficult one. I am glad to report that the health of his command is much improved.

Leaving Camp Scott, I proceeded to Hammock Landing, an found the battery there in charge of Captain Hill and five companies of the First Georgia Regulars. These had been there but a day or two. The condition of this command will be best indicated by the following statement: Of these five companies, numbering in all about 160, rank and file, there were present for duty, 1 captain. 6 lieutenants, and 32 enlisted men. Present, sick, 1 lieutenant and 18 enlisted men.

The battery at Hammock Landing wants six guns, as follows: Two 32-pounders, one 24-pounder, and three 18-pounders. I have made notes of the condition of each piece, but I will only mention in this report that the engineer officer, Captain Moreno, left the work in a very unfinished condition, and that many of the statements made in regard to the batteries of the obstructions will apply to this battery, also. It was in Major Bonaud's power to keep the battery in much better condition than it is. He is not responsible for the want of such things as could not be procured upon requisition, but he is responsible for a want of care and attention for such things as were actually in his charge. I found at hammock Landing two new gun carriages and chassis, and at Chattahochee seven new gun carriages and chassis, all left upon the bank by Captain MoreNumbers Captain Moreno was the engineer officer employed in the construction of the river defenses. Upon him, therefore, must rest the responsibility of all matters which come within his province. As to all matters referred to in this report which relate to a proper care of the batteries, and of the public property thereto, it is difficult to fix the responsibility, because it has ben so divided. All officers who have at different times commanded the river defenses, and all officers who have from time to time been in immediate command at the batteries, and myself as chief of artillery, are all more or less involved in the responsibility. It should be remarked, however, that the amount of sickness on the river has been very great, and the immediate command at the batteries has been so frequently change that it has been next to impossible to ascertain what officers in immediate charge have been delinquent.

It should also be remarked tat some thighs, such, for instance, as the failure to keep the gun-carriages painted, are due to the fact that the ordnance officer for this command has been unable to procure the necessary martials, although he has made every effort to do so.

