
As to depredations by soldiers upon citizens, I have to report as follows: I learned, on good authority, that some men of Captain Crawford's company - Lieutenant Kendrick commanding - of Bonaud's battalion, depredated very seriously upon the orange trees and sugar-cane of an aged citizen named Wilson, living about, 4 miles from the obstructions. Indeed, it seems that that company, while stationed at and near the obstructions, conducted themselves, generally, in utter disregard of discipline. I had interviews with several citizens living in the neighborhood of Camp Scott, and was pleased to hear a good report of Major Bonaud's battalion, except in one instance. A Mr. Hawkins, living about a mile from the camp, made some complaint, but it seems very probable that his won negroes were the parties at fault. I heard of no case in which cattle or hogs had been wantonly or clandestinely killed. The commissary of the battalion had seized and killed cattle, because, as he stated, the citizens would not sell; but he informed me that in every case he had made arrangements to render compensation. I learned, on good authority, that petty depredations by men of the First Georgia Regulars were very numerous.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. STANLEY,

Major, and Chief of Artillery Dept. of West Florida.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST FLORIDA,Quincy, November 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the general commanding department.

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., November 23, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Gilmer and Colonel Harris, for their information and such action as may be required.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, November 25, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the commanding general.

The chief engineer of the department has given the necessary instructions in regard to these defenses.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.

D. B. HARRIS,

Colonel, and Chief Engineer.

CHARLESTON, S. C., November 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

Enemy opened again on city from Battery Gregg at 11 a. m. Ten shells have struck vicinity of Saint Michael's Church. Range, 4 1/2 miles. No damage yet reported.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

