
into the city. Yesterday, because I refused (I suppose) to receive their flag of truce, they threw 18 shells (through spite) into the city, which did little damage, and nobody hurt. Their Creek-fire is a great humbug. We cannot light it most often, even with a match. How they do cheat each other, even in their rascally attempts to destroy this "nest of traitors and cradle of rebellion!" What a dark and despicable history will be that of the universal Yankee nation, if ever written fully and correctly!.

We are still holding our own proudly, and, under the protection of a kind Providence, we hope to keep the Yankees out of this devoted city.

In haste, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 19, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Bombardment of Sumter continues as usual, with little damage and few casualties. Enemy's battery at Cumming's Point again opened on Saint Michael's Church to-day at 10 o'clock; have fired 8 shots; no damage or casualties yet reported. Citizens manifest but little emotion.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 19, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Enemy's fire on city has ceased. Ten shells were thrown; little damage done, and nobody hurt.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., November 19, 1863.

Colonel D. B. HARRIS,

Chief Engineer, &amp;c., Charleston, C. S.:

COLONEL: The commanding general wishes you to make such arrangements as are practicable for the defense of the west face of Fort Sumter, to Protect it against the fire of any monitors which might pass the fort and take up a position about half a mile from said face and over 1 mile from either Fort Johnson or the Bee Batteries.

You will have the goodness to hurry up the defensive works north of the Edisto, from about Gioham's ferry to railroad bridge above Branchville; also, have a reconnaissance made from Gioham's Ferry toward the Ashley, for a defensive line, if required.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WEMYSS FEILDEN,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

