
of light guns along the line of rifle trenches and parapets, without resorting to the objectionable mode of placing these guns in advance of our works.

The spare guns on the lines should, we think, be put in position on the line of inundation, rather than be retained in the redoubts of the former line for the purpose of forming a second line of defense for a part of James island.

The two 10-inch mortars at Battery haskell would be more available at Secessionville for firing on Long Island and the approaches to the new lines. For firing on Black Island and Light-House Inlet, they are now in the right place. It would not be amiss, when more important work is done, to prepare positions at Secessionville for them, and thus provide for the future possible contingency of their being more useful there than at Haskell.

We have no apprehension of the capture of Secessionville by a barge attack, if due vigilance is exercised by the garrison instructed with its defense.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.

D. B. HARRIS,

Colonel, and Chef Engineer.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., November 21, 1863.

The views of Major-General Gilmer and Colonel Harris are approved.

They are respectfully forwarded to Colonel Gonzales, for his information only. He will please return these papers for the files of these headquarters.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 21, 1863 - 8.30 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter renewed to-day, with increased vigor, with little damage and about 10 casualties. Sixteen shells were thrown into city. One negro woman killed and 1 white man slightly wounded.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 22, 1863 - 9.30 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Bombardment of Fort Sumter has continued for the last twenty-four hours, with little damage and few casualties. The enemy fired 17 shells into city last night, also with little damage and no

