
Charleston, August 16.-The bombardment has been much more violent during the last two nights, and to-day the enemy's long-range guns have been shelling Fort Sumter, without doing material damage.

Fredericksburg, August 17.-A small force of the enemy appeared on Saturday, and some firing ensued, with no casualties on our side. Cannon are heard this morning, and it is believe that considerable force of the enemy is near the town. The cannonading seemed to be north of the city. The pickets are firing this morning.

Charleston, August 19.-The enemy's land batteries kept pounding away at Fort Sumter throughout yesterday, chiefly with their heavy Parrott guns. There was comparatively little firing against Fort Wagner, on which the enemy can make no impression whatever. A monitor engaged Wagner yesterday afternoon. but was soon driven off. There were no casualties among our troops yesterday. Last night was dark and windy, and no firing took place, but at daylight this morning the enemy's Parrott guns reopened on Sumter, firing quite rapidly. This still continues, our James Island batteries replying briskly.

Charleston, August 20.-The enemy's operations during the last twenty-four hours have been mostly confined to a steady and continuous bombardment of Fort Sumter from their Parrott guns on Morris Island. Their fire begins to tell upon Sumter, which replies only at long intervals. The defense of the throat of this harbor does not depend mainly upon Sumter. Even if that fort should eventually be battered down, the harbor entrance is still effectually guarded by powerful sand batteries on Sullivan's Island and elsewhere. But few casualties yesterday.

The following short editorial appears in the Richmond Whig, of the 21st:

Charleston! The telegraph informs us that the 200-pounder Parrott guns of the enemy are too much for the walls of Sumter, and that the fort replies only at long intervals. The destruction of Sumter, however, is not the taking of Charleston by long odds, as the Yankee will find out to their cost, before they get through with the work which they have undertaken. In the language of the Mercury, "it has been determined to defend the city, street by street, house by house, as long as there is a foot of earth left to stand upon." The Yankees seem bent upon incorporating as much of the negro element as possible in the attack upon Charleston. A colored regiment, 1,000 strong, left Philadelphia on the 13th for that point.

J. G. POSTER,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, No. 69. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 22, 1863.

First Lieutenant J. P. Sanger, First U. S. Artillery, is announced as acting assistant inspector-general of the Department of the South, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

Lieutenant Sanger will report for duty to Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Jackson, assistant inspector-general of the department.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFF MORRIS ISLAND, August 22, 1863-3.40 a.m.

General GILLMORE:

I have just returned from above. The Passaic, which was some distance in advance, got ashore. It took so much time to get her off that when I was informed of the fact I would have had but little time to make the attack before daylight, so it was unavoidably postponed for to-night.

DAHLGREN,

Admiral.

