
resources, and this section of the Confederacy will not only afford safe harbors of resort for the blockade runner in his light-draught steamers, but will also do much toward feeding our armies. The rice alone procured in this district, if adequate defense be provided, will feed 50,000 men, at a low estimate.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 27, 1863.

Inclose to War Department, for its information.

Of course, if Georgetown were made a harbor of entry, adequate protection would have to be furnished.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

SAVANNAH, GA.,

November 24, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN:

SIR: The phosphorus (20 pounds) was received by me on the 18th instant. I have the honor to inform you that I have this day delivered to Lieutenant Cunningham, ordnance department, Savannah, 20 grenades, charged with fire composition, with fuses, &amp;c., and written instruction in the box. They will be sent by him to major Trezevant, Charleston, subject to your order.

I now commence the preparations of 8-inch spherical case. They are procured tardily, but the rate is now only limited by the number of shells I receive. I have been in hopes of hearing of the trial of some of the rifled shells I sent, and regret that there has been an omission in the construction of them. I discover that the fuse holes are bored throughout of uniform size, and not tapered, which may cause the fuse to blow in and the shell to burst within the gun. This can be easily remedied without sending them to the machine-shop, and even without withdrawing the tubes. A mechanic will understand how to remedy the defect, and there is no danger of the composition being ignited by the operation.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. CHEVES.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

November 25, 1863 - 11 a. m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter still continues as usual, with little damage and few casualties. Yesterday, however, a most gallant young officer, Captain F. H. Harleston, First South Carolina Regular Artillery, was killed by a shell while making a reconnaissance outside of the fort. He is the first officer ever killed in Sumter.

No shelling of city since last reported.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

(Copy to Governor M. L. Bonham.)

