
RICHMOND, November 27, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

The President directs that Clingman's brigade be immediately sent to north carolina, to replace Ransom's brigade at Goldsborough and Weldon.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Mount Pleasant, November 27, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I yesterday received from Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Roman, assistant inspector-general, a letter informing me that he had been directed by department headquarters to institute an exhaustive inquiry into the circumstances connected with the movements of the enemy on Folly and Morris islands, ending in the events of the 10th of July, 1863; also, propounding certain interrogatories. I have replied to Lieutenant-Colonel Roman, stating that this interrogatories will be answered as soon as the necessary papers, which are not immediately at hand, can be procured. They have been sent for.

I take the occasion, however, respectfully to suggest that, valuable as may be the facts which may be elicited by Lieutenant-Colonel Roman, any conclusions derived and expressed in connection therewith by that officer can have no more importance than the opinion of any individual of his estimable character. the military knowledge and experience possessed by Lieutenant-Colonel Roman have not so generally been set forth and understood as to entitle them to more, and I am unaware of any general custom of service, or the provisions of any military law, by which inquisitional functions of this character can be exercised by an inspector-general in such wise as to carry official weight. The opinion is furthermore sustained in great part by the character of the report made by this officer on the 8th of June last, which, antecedent to the events now to be subjected to inquiry, related to certain operations of the Engineers and others in preparation for the attack which eventually took place.

With the request that this paper be filed with any report which may be made on the subject, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[NOTE ON GENERAL RIPLEY'S COPY:] This communication was unofficially returned on the 10th of December, 1863, by Brigadier-General Jordan, chief of staff.

ROYAL'S HOUSE, November 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General JORDAN:

It is evident the enemy are obstructing the Stono near Battery Island. They are not building a wharf at Battery Island.

JONSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General.

