
The enemy at present seems to have his attention turned entirely toward this place, and the country between here and Savannah, which is also in a comparatively defenseless condition.

Any works attempted to be constructed now near the mouth of Winyah Bay, would soon cause him to move in that direction; hence, so long as we not the means of supporting works there with a strong force, it would be unwise to commence their construction.

As regards ammunition, a fair proportion can always be obtained by proper requisitions on the chief of ordnance of this department. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.]

CHARLESTON 29, 1863.

Major URIEL WRIGHT,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR MAJOR: I thank you for your recommendation of Mr. Williams' invention, but I regret to say I have not the time or means for trying experiments. Moreover, all naval matters must go to the Navy Department, which is entirely independent of me.

I am much obliged, also, for the compliment relative to the defense of Sumter, but I must be permitted to state in self-defense that, although a gallant one, it is not quite according to the rules, for want of proper ammunition, &amp;c. For instance, I have no 10-inch mortar shells, and my ten mortars, which have been almost entirely silent nearly one month, should have been firing night and day ever since the enemy opened his batteries from Cumming's Point and Fort Wagner. However, I think he is pretty nearly at his wit's end for the present.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., November 30, 1863.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Adams Run, S. C.:

GENERAL: The commanding general deems it his duty to advise the planters of the Second and Third Military District, through their respective commanders, to remove their movable property and negroes (especially the able-bodied ones, who are apt to be made soldiers of by the enemy) to points of safety within the defensive lines designated in Circular Orders of the 25th instant.

You will, therefore, on the receipt of this letter, place yourself in communication with the planters of your district, warn them of the danger they are liable to from an incursion of the enemy, and urge them to take these precautionary measures in time, so as to avoid the chances of a wholesale devastation of their properties.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WEMYSS FEILDEN,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General W. S. Walker, Pocotaligo, S. C.)

