
Parish, and at and from Battery Beauregard to the bridge. At once of these camps there are fifty-five batteries. The camp-ground is high and dry, convenient to wood and the best water inthe neighborhood. The other camp in said parish is near Kinloch's Landing. It is a very good one, and I have no hesitation in saying that these two will compare favorably with the camp of any regiment in the Confederacy. The thrid camp, on Sullivan's Island, is not a good one; in fact, in can hardly be called one. Still, the soldiers camped near them were not much better off. These hands I would have removed every night to the Mount PLeasant side, where they could use the new camps, but the objection to this is, they would have to walk 7 or 8 miles in going to an returning from work. I have been unable to furnishing them with better quarters for want of necessary material for building shanties. I am, however, pleased to state that this difficulty is about being removed by a supply of lumber. In a short time I hope to have finished comfortable quarters for all the hands on the island.

Each of the camps is visited daily by a surgeon, and an ambulance or wagon sent daily to convey the sick to hospital. The hospital is as good and as well conducted, under the circumstances, as could possibly be expected. It is in charge of one surgeon and two stewards, all of whom are attentive. It is kept in a church, and has in it two good stoves, bunks, comforts, &amp;c., to meet all the wants of the patients. It is well supplied with wood, new straw is always used, and pallets washed, as they are required for the use of new patients. I am disposal to think the dissatisfaction that exists is owing to the hands being detained in service longer than the owners expected they would be. Much neglect and indifference is exhibited on the part of some of the owners in sending their slaves badly provided with clothes and shoes. Many are in great want of both. Besides this, many send hands for work at home or on the fortifications, light as the work on the latter is.

The hands are in no respect ill treated by those having charge of them, so far army knowledge extends.

Very respectfully,

J. J. RYAN,

Assistant Superintended of Labor.

[Sub-inclosure @.]

CHARLETON, December 5, 1863.

R. L. SINGLETARY,

General Superintendent of Labor:

I have the honor to report that since my supervision of the labor in the city, I have visited the fortifications nearly every day, and in many instances as often as there times a day. The hands in this department are regularly worked, and on no occasion have I ever seen or head their being badly used or overworked. Their quarters have been charged since the weather has become cold. They are now located in one of the largest and warmest buildings I could find, and are comfortable. I have frequently examined their food, and also inquired of the oversees who came with them, of the drivers, and of the negroes themselves, and with the exception of the quantity of meat given, they all represent themselves perfectly satisfied. There is a standing order, both to overseer and driver, that

