
I am to be informed of any irregularity, and no compliant of any moment has yet been received.

The rations are at present:

Bacon, one-third and one-fourth of an pound per day for a man.

Beef, 1 pound per day for a man.

Rice, one-half pound per day for a man.

Salt, 4 1/2 pounds for 100 men per day [week?].

Soap, 2 pounds for 100 men per day [week?].

The bacon is reduced to one-fourth of a pound when there is but a small amount on hand.

The sick are taken every morning in an ambulance to the hospital, which is attended by two good surgeons. In my visits there I find the sick provided with good beds and covering. The convalescents are permitted to walk about the yard. In my efforts to aid, I am requested to procure a little ready money for milk, bread, and other little outside comforts, not furnished by the medical department. This, together with the fact that the steward is kind, regular, and attentive, gives the assurance that our hospital is altogether satisfactory.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS B. BENNETT,

Superintendent of Labor.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

December 2, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Bombardment of Sumter has considerably diminished. No casualties since last report. Enemy threw 27 shells into city yesterday, doing little damage, but killing 1 woman, the first white person injured since firing commenced on city. Enemy's troops and transports are increasing at Port Royal.

G T. BEAUREGARD.

COLUMBIA, S. C.,

December 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ROMAN,

Assistant Inspector-General, Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my answers to the interrogates propounded in your communication of the 25th November, 1863:

To the first interrogatory, I reply: There was no movements of the enemy, either by land or water, to excite any apprehension of an immediate attack between the 1st and 10th July, until the morning of the 9th July. On the morning of the 9th July, four iron-clad monitors appeared off the bar, and extensive works were unmasked on Little Folly Island, next to Morris Island. The monitors remained off the bar, inactive during the day, and the enemy were remarkably quiet on Little Folly Island, all of which was reported to my

