
immediate commander, who, in person, visited Morris Island and upon my asking for re-enforcements, in anticipation of an early attack, he promised to send me 1,500 men that day; none, however, came.

To the second, I reply: The answer is contained in the reply to the first interrogatory.

To the third, I reply: I do not know the force of the enemy on Folly Island; but it was known that the enemy had fortified Big Folly Island, and on more than one occasion fired on Morris Island from their batteries, prior to the 1st July, and that they were putting up works on Litle Folly Island was also reported.

To the fourth, I reply: The attack on Morris Island was commenced by the enemy from their batteries on Little Folly Island, shortly after o'clock, on the morning of the 10th July. The fire was directed against our batteries and the picket at Oyster Point. The monitors at this time crossed the bar and opened fire, and at the same time a number of barges with howitzers - estimated at twelve -opened on us from Light-House Creek. The fire was kept up from these three points for over two hours. About 7 o'clock the enemy landed at Oyster Point, and they landed in front of our batteries about 8.30 o'clock.

To the fifth, I reply: The infantry consisted of the Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers, numbering about 350 men, and Company E, First South Carolina Infantry, numbering about 40 men, all under the command of Major G. W. McIver, Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers. The Artillery consisted of two companies of the First South Carolina Artillery, numbering about 150 men, under the immediate command of Cap. John C. Mitchell, First South Carolina Artillery. The artillery of the island was under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph A. Yates, First South Carolina Artillery, and all the forces on the island were under my command.

To the sixth, I reply: The attack was not a surprise, but was expected. On the night of the 9th July, the whole of the infantry force was on picket duty and at work. Ever since the occupation of Folly Island by the enemy, I was apprehensive of an attack on Morris Island from that point. By the direction of the brigadier-general commanding the First Military District, my whole infantry force and the artillery stationed at the southern end of the island were engaged from that time until the 10th July in erecting fortifications.

To the seventh, I reply: The enemy landed at Oyster Point about 7 o'clock and in front of our batteries about 8.30 o'clock.

To the eighth, I reply: The whole of the infantry force was stationed on the peninsula running to Oyster Point, protected from the fire of the batteries from Folly Island, but exposed to the fire of barges enemy were discovered in their barges up Light-House Creek, in the direction of Black Island, and Oyster Point, being nearest and most accessible to the enemy, was the most probable place for them to land. The artillery were manning the different batteries. The forces were so disposed by my order.

To the ninth, I reply: The infantry, numbering about 400 men, was not sufficient to properly prevent the approach of the enemy by Oyster Point, and they having land there first, my whole force flanking of our batteries on the right. While our infantry was thus

