
engaged with at least five times their number, and had driven the enemy back, a force was landed in front of our batteries. The front works were immediately taken, several of our guns were dismounted or rendered useless by having exhausted the ammunition at the batteries, and the men had to carry the ammunition to the batteries on their backs from the general magazine, which was distant from some of the batteries. Just at this time two companies of the Seventh South Carolina Battalion, numbering less than 100 men, arrived (the first re-enforcement). They were sent to the support of the batteries, but were quickly overpowered by the numbers of the enemy.

To the tenth, I reply: The enemy landed at least four regiments at Oyster Point, and, upon landing, formed line of battle and advanced upon our infantry. They (the enemy) were repulsed and driven back, and were held in check for at least one hour and a half, and until our force was likely to be cut off by the force of the enemy which had taken our batteries. The enemy landed at least two regiments in front of our batteries.

To the eleventh, I reply: I ordered the forces to fall back about 9 o'clock. The infantry had lost one-half of their force in killed and wounded and 5 of their captains, and were in danger of being cut off, which would have been the case it not been for the stubborn resistance they offered even while retreating.

To the twelfth, I reply: The enemy followed closely after us, even to Battery Wagner, and turned some of our guns upon us. They were driven back by the guns of Battery Wagner. I would estimate their force at not less than six regiments. As to the position of the enemy, when our troops fell back, it is stated in answers to previous interrogations.

To the thirteenth, I reply: The enemy opened in our front from the batteries on Little Folly Island; on the right from the barges in Light-House Creek; on the left and rear from the monitors inside the bar.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. GRAHAM,

Colonel Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 257. Charleston, S. C., December 2, 1863.

* * * * * * *

VI. With a view to the most effective defense practicable of the line of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, the following re-arrangement of the several military districts along that road will have immediate effect:

1. The Sixth Military District, Brigadier-General Wise commanding, will extend to embrace all the country to the east bank of the North Edisto, from the mouth to Gioham's Ferry. The headquarters of this district will be at or near Adams Run.

2. The Second Military District, Brigadier-General Robertson command will include all the country between the western limits of the Sixth Military District and the Combahee and the Little Salkehatchie Rivers, and the southern boundary of Barnwell district to the Edisto River. Headquarters at or near the Ashepoo Railroad Bridge.

