
3. The Third Military District will include all between the western limits of the Second Military District and the Savannah River. Brigadier-General Walker will transfer, if necessary, his headquarters to such a point in his district as he may find best suited for the discharge of his duties.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard;

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., AND FLA., Numbers 258. Charleston, S. C., December 3, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. Colonel A. J. Gonzales, having discharged to the satisfaction of the commanding general the duties to which he was temporarily assigned on James Island and in Saint Andrew's Parish, will resume his positions and duties as chief of artillery of the department.

III. The following assignments of artillery officers are announced:

Lieutenant Colonel Del. Kemper, as chief of artillery, to Seventh Military District.*

Major A. B. Rhett, as chief of artillery, to Second Military District.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

December 4, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Enemy threw 32 shells into the city yesterday morning, doing little damage, and nobody hurt. The fire on Sumter ceased at night, probably in hopes of surprising the garrison by a sudden assault.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Mount Pleasant, S. C., December 4, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ROMAN,

Assistant Inspector-General, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

COLONEL: In answer to the several interrogations in your letter of the 25th ultimo, I have the honor to state as follows, according to their numbers:

To the first interrogatory: The operations of the enemy's fleet at the entrance of Charleston Harbor, between the 1st and 10th of July last, consisted principally in keeping up the blockade until the 10th, when his iron-clads had crossed the bar. They then cannonaded the position at the south end of the island.

To the second interrogatory: The The movements of the enemy on and about Folly Island consisted in fortifying across the neck of Big Folly, picketing strongly on Little Folly, interfering with wrecking parties at work from time to time on the steamer Rubby, and, during the last three days or so, working parties were engaged at some labor

---------------

* Transferred on december 7, as chief of artillery, to Sixth Military District.

---------------

