
supposed at the time and afterward proven to be batteries for siege guns, although light in their character.

To the third interrogatory: It was known that the force on Folly Island was considerable from the time of their landing in April, and about the middle of June was considerable - from one to two brigades. This force was increased to about four or more by the 10th of July. A considerable portion land on Cole's and James Islands.

To the fourth interrogatory: The attack was made by the enemy opening from twenty or thirty guns, mounted on Little Folly, and from gunboats in Folly River on the batteries at the south end of Morris island and the position at Oyster Point. Later, fire was opened from the monitors which had crossed the bar. This cannonade commenced at daylight and continued, according to my information, to about 7 o'clock, when the enemy advanced in a flotilla of boats, containing form 2,000 to 3,000 men, on Oyster Point, a considerable portion of whom endeavored to effect and hold a landing, in which they were opposed by the infantry and artillery until about 8 o'clock, when another force, of about two regiments, effected a landing in front of the batteries on Morris Island proper.

To the fifth interrogatory: On Morris Island we had the Twenty-first Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, numbering about 600; two companies of the First South Carolina Artillery, about 200; two companies of artillery at Battery Wagner, about 120; a detachment of about 40 at Battery Gregg; a detachment of the First South Carolina Regular Infantry, under Captain Haskell, and a small detachment of couriers. In round numbers, the whole force was about 1,000 strong for the entire island. The returns now at hand do not show the exact numbers on the dates specified, but the above is not far from exact. Colonel Graham reported but some over 400 of his regiment as effective. Colonel R. F. Graham, Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers, commanded the island, Major McIver, of the same regiment, being in immediate command of the infantry; Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Yates, First South Carolina Artillery, commanded the artillery. The two companies at the southern batteries were commanded by Captain John C. Mitchel, of the same regiment.

To the interrogatory: The attack of the enemy was not a surprise, in so far that it had been anticipated. As early as the 24th of May his activity and continued occupation of Folly Island were deemed to be demonstrative of his intentions, unless we were fully prepared to receive his attack. Efforts were made to cause the works to be prepared in such a manner as would enable them to be held by the small force at our disposal and reported to department headquarters. By orders from those headquarters, the business was confined to the control of the Engineers, and but little was accomplished. It was a surprise, in so far as the enemy got in readiness and opened fire before we were in proper condition to receive and beat him. This, in the condition of the works, could only be done by a force if infantry to the extent of 800 or 1,000 men; which was ordered from different points, on the 8th, by the commanding general, and was expected to be in position on the night of the 9th.

None, however, arrived on the island until the morning of the 10th, when the action commenced. Nelson's (Seventh South Carolina) battalion arrived at that time, about 250 strong, and was in time to do some service near the batteries, and to assist in covering the retreat.

The seventh interrogatory is answered in the reply to the fourth.

