
The remaining four companies in reserve at Rantowles Station or in the vicinity of Church Flats.

2. One regiment from Meggott's Point to Willstown, inclusive, as flows:

One company at Meggott's.

two companies at battery commanding road from Simmons's Bluff on Young's Island. These two companies to furnish a strong picket at Simmons' Bluff.

One company on Toogoodoo Neck.

One company at battery on Ashe's place,west side of Toogoodoo River.

One company battery commanding road from Little Britain island to La Roach, keeping an advance picket on Little Britain Island.

One company at Jenkin's Point, west of Little Britain Island.

One company at battery commanding road from White Point to Adams Run, with a mounted picket at White Point.

One company at battery at Pineburry or Grimball's.

One company at Willstown.

3. One regiment, less two companies, in reserve at or about Adams Run. This regiment must be used to the best advantage in support of the positions from Merggott's to Willstown, but great care should be taken not to permit the forces in Saint Paul's to be cut off from their base of operations at rantowles and their true line of defense in rear of the overflows.

4. One battery at or about the positions at Chaplain's and King's corn-field. The four light batteries must be stationed as follows:

One battery at or about the works commanding the roads from Simmons' Bluff and vicinity.

One battery at or about the works commanding the roads from Little Britain Island and White Point.

One battery (Schulz's) with the reserve at or about Adams Run.

One section of the above batteries should be temporarily attached to major Jenkins' command of cavalry on John's Island.

5. The cavalry will be located as follows:

Three companies (and the Stono Scouts, under Major jenkins, on John's Island.

two companies, for picket duty and as couriers, in Saint Paul's and Saint Andrew's Parishes.

6. The infantry companies stationed at the various points and their supports will furnish working parties, on the requisitions of the engineer department, to construct the field batteries and rifle-pits required for the proper defense of the different positions above enumerated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS JORDAN,]

Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDER, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 263. Charleston, S. C., December 7, 1863.

I. The reorganization of the Second, Third, and Sixth Military Districts, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 257, of December 2, requires a redisposition of the troops in those commands, as follows:

1. Brigadier-General Wise, commanding the Sixth Military District,

