
ROYAL'S HOUSE,

December 12, 1863 - 3.30 p. m.

General JORDAN:

I sent last night to Sumter 100 men of the Thirty-second Georgia, garrison of Fort Johnson, on account of casualties at that post yesterday. To-night the regular relief goes over. It is desirable that the men sent last night from Fort Johnson be returned. Please order it.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

I have telegraphed to Colonel Elliott to know whether he needs the 100 men from the Thirty-second Georgia. Shall I await his reply, or order him to send the 100 of the Thirty-second Georgia at once to Fort Johnson?

JNO. M. ATEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 12, 1863 - 7 p. m.

Order him to return all except enough to fill up his losses, should he required them.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

Done.

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., December 12, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. Ripley,

Commanding First Military District South Carolina:

GENERAL: The general commanding instructs me to inform you that he does not clearly see the relevancy of part of your answer to my sixth interrogatory, as set forth in my communication to you, dated the 25th of November last.

He desires your answer to the following queries:

1. Which of the two islands, Morris or Sullivan's, offers greater natural advantages for a combined attack by land and sea?

2. What faces of each arm do you consider would have been required on the 10th July, 1863, to have secured the safety of each island?

3. What forces of each arm had you on each of those islands at that period?

4. What forces of each arm have you now on Sullivan's Island, and in your district, within one hour's march of that island?

5. How many soldiers were available to work of the defenses of Morris Island prior to the 10th of July, 1863?

6. How long would it have taken you at that period admitting that you had the sole control of the available working forces on Morris Island of soldiers and hired men, the latter being 10 in number) to have made the defenses ordered on the south end of the island as strong as Battery Marshall is at present?

7. When were the works ordered, and when commenced?

