
8. To what extent would the construction of those works, prior to the 10th of July last, have permitted the reduction of the forces you state would have been required to insure the safety of that island?

It is, of course, assumed that the works required on James Island, and other important points, would not have permitted more white or black laborers to have sent to Morris Island at that time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED ROMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

(Copy to Colonel D. B. Harris, for remarks.)

CAW CAW, December 12, 1863.

Captain W. H. ECHOLS, S. C. Army:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received, I present a list and description of the works constructed under, and also of those transferred to my charge, with a full report on the subject-matter of the queries from our chief.

The works constructed under my charge are:

Numbers 1. John's Island causeway and bridge. The causeway is 1,025 yards in length and 30 feet wide. The bridge spans the Stono, 1,100 yards in rear of Church Flats Ridge, and at the river's most narrow point, a distance of 106 yards.

Numbers 2. A tete-de-pont on the main at head of and 40 yards from bridge. It consists of a pan-coupe in embrasure for two siege pieces, bearing directly and only upon the causeway and John's Island shore contiguous.

Numbers 3. Church Flats Battery, an open work of four faces, conforming to river's course, 600 yards in rear of Church Flats Ridge, and commanding obstructions on that spot with two 32-pounders en barbette. Numbers 1 of these 32's, the piece on the river side, bears some 30 deg. to the left of its ordinary traversing distance, and flanks the causeway, running across its rear for one-half its length, and on the John's Island side. This bearing is accomplished by a recess in parapet on the right and front of the piece, and an extension in that direction of traverse circle. This disposition was of my own shifting to counteract deficiency in armament. Numbers 2 cannot be used after that mode to the rear, on account of very close proximity in that fire.

Numbers 4. Obstructions on Church Flats Ridge, consisting of three schooners, scuttled with ballast, and a barricade of the heaviest live oaks to the rear of them. These obstructions are topped at the highest tide by but 3 feet of water.

Numbers 5. New Road Causeway in the direct route to Summerville, across a deep basin in Caw Caw, and, according to Sobreski, and old land surveyor, the deepest in the swamp. This causeway is 71 full chains in length, averages 15 feet in width, is crossed by six bridges, from 10 to 15 feet wide, and lined by a thick growth of Tupelo and cypress. It is penchant all through and will last two years, under the very heaviest travel, without repair.

Numbers 6. A military road for heavy transportation. It is direct from Adams Run to the depot at Charleston and Savannah Railroad, 3 miles in length, 30 feet in width, and penchant for a distance of 2

