
could be procured for the piles. On this bridge is a rolling draw, ordered by General Evans after the bridge was completed. The design of a rolling draw was adopted by the general, because it could be framed off of, then put together on the bridge, before cutting away its center, and be made to work in an emergency, while piling for bulkheads and guards. The general's desire to preserve intact has communication with a portion of his brigade on the island, and t the same time, to open the way for our mesquite fleet, in a meditated attack on the enemy in the North Edisto, instituted this novel mode of construction.

After the draw was framed, put up, and made to work easily over the bridge, and expedition was abandoned. The pile-driver, being much needed, was recalled to the city, the river ordered to be barricaded, and the work stopped at this stage of its completion.

Numbers 2, tete-de-pont at Chirch Flats, is in good condition, and will be quite effective, from its location. Armament is one rifled 12-pounder, a piece very inaccurate in its fire, and in such a position not suitable to its character. Dispositions are for two siege pieces. I would also recommend a small bomb-proof to this work.

Numbers 3 is being changed from an open to an inclosed work. Armament will consist of one 18, one 6, and two 12 pounders.

nos. 5 and 6, Caw Caw Causeway and Adams Run road, are in the best travelling condition. I refer you to their descriptions already given.

Numbers 7, Young's Island. Works are as complete in execution as the order would allow, but slight in construction as defensive works. In position and strength, they will, in my opinion, serve only as a temporary check to a determined advance. They cannot be held against a flank movement form Toogoodoo Neck.

Nos. 8, 9, 10, and 11 are works under construction or about being started at Caw Swamp, Willstown Bluff, King's corn-field, and Chuch Flats. With my present operative force of 106 men and 22 carts and horses, they will probably consume two months in construction. My pay-rolls call for about $3,500 per month, making probable cost of these works amount to about $7,000. A diagram of each work and sketch of surrounding locality shall be handed in so soon as completed.

In answer to query 2, I report obstructions at Church Flats complete and effectual, being topped at high tide by but 3 feet of water. Obstructions on Pon Pon are weak, incomplete, and worthless, without an earthwork to command them. The piles are all driven,but not bandied together. The same method that proves successful at Church Flats can be used in completing this barricade. A working party of 60 can, in one month, sink at this point a barricade of live oaks at a cost of $2,000. The wreck scuttled near the mouth of the Toogoodoo has failed as an obstruction, the highs tides rising 10 feet above its deck. The Wadmalaw River, between Simmons' Bluff and Dead Man's Isle; the Dawho, between Legare's Bluff and Pinebury, and Watt's Cut, between Jehosee and Edisto, and deep and narrow channels, affording excellent anchorage for torpedoes.

In answer to third query, I report that, through General Hagood's order, a survey has been made, simply to discover the exact directions and lengths of roads traversing this district. The maps of which survey have all been forwarded to our office. I report my reconnaissances of this district as not yet completed. I must visit

