
labor with be required for the construction of the works, which will be obtained as promptly as possible under the authority you have already given for the impressment of negroes. I will not here enter into a discussion of the defenses of Columbus, as I propose to render a more detailed report on the subject.

I inclose a statement of the troops available for the defense of Columbus, from which you will perceive the entire dependence is upon State troops and organizations for home defense, consisting in part of workmen employed in the Government shops. A part of the available force is armed, but a larger proportion is not.

The post commander is Captain J. S. Smith, who appears to be an intelligent and meritorious young officer. But it is to be feared difficulties will arise in the service there, on account of his want of rank. He expressed the opinion that the State troops might possibly raise objections to serving under him. It becomes a question, then, for consideration whether an officer of more experience and higher grade should not be sent to command the post.

Perhaps some officer who has had experience in the field and partially disabled by wound or hard service could be had for the command. If possible, this change should be made. The accompanying statement will give you the strength of the troops on which the defense of the place most depend.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.

[Inclosure.]

Tabular statement of forces at Columbus, Ga.

Command.	 Effecti	 Whole	 Armed.	 Unarme	 Remarks.

 ve	 strengt	 	 d.

 force.	 h.

Major	 250	 350	 350	 ....	 On duty in

Howard's	 	 	 	 	 Columbus,

battalio	 	 	 	 	 guarding

n	 	 	 	 	 Government shops

 	 	 	 	 and works.

Lieutena	 350	 350	 160	 190	 Local exempts.

nt-	 	 	 	 	 Not on duty.

Colonel	 	 	 	 	 Drilling once or

Thompson	 	 	 	 	 twice a week.

's

battalio

n

Naval	 150	 150	 150	 ...	 Employes in naval

Battalio	 	 	 	 	 workshops.

n,	 	 	 	 	 Drilled once or

Captain	 	 	 	 	 twice a week.

Whitesid

e.

Vigilanc	 50	 50	 50	 ...	 Local exempts.

e Fire	 	 	 	 	 Drilled once or

Company,	 	 	 	 	 twice a week.

Captain

Williams

Regiment	 400	 400	 ...	 400	 Not as yet called

State	 	 	 	 	 together.

Troops,

Colonel

Salisbur

y.

Captain	 50	 50	 50	 ...	 Local exempts.

Chapman'	 	 	 	 	 Drilled once or

s	 	 	 	 	 twice a week.

company

Ordnance	 150	 150	 ...	 150	 Employes in

Battalio	 	 	 	 	 ordnance shops.

n, Major	 	 	 	 	 Drilled.

Baldwin.

Captain	 ...	 ...	 ...	 ...	 Local exempts,

Latham's	 	 	 	 	 armed with four

light	 	 	 	 	 6-pounders, fully

battery 	 	 	 	 	 manned and

 	 	 	 	 depending on the

 	 	 	 	 horses of the

 	 	 	 	 town

Total.	 1,400	 1,500	 760	 740

Twenty-five keen of Captain Graybill's company, Company A, Howard's battalion, will mount themselves, if authority be given them,a nd act as guards, pickets, and scouts on the approaches to the place. I respectfully recommend that authority be given them, as there are no mounted troops at this place for such service.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, and Second in Command.

