
expressed at or before the time. And I would respectfully refer, as a proper exponent of such opinions, to the correspondence commencing the 24th of May, 1863, on this subject.*

The occupation of Folly Island and the attack of the enemy were deemed by me demonstrative of an attack ot be apprehended sooner or later. Although temporary movements of the enemy caused by annoyance from partially constructed works, or intelligence from Richmond, or the probabilities of the enemy's necessities, or the results of such reconnaissances as it was possible to make, might have changed the immediate aspect, yet so long a the point was unprepared, the attack, sooner or later, was to have been apprehended; and it came before the works were finished, although certain of them had been ordered four months previously, and the probabilities of the point being attacked grew stronger day by day, interrupted temporarily only by the causes mentioned above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The forces stationed at Morris Island, on the 10th of July, 1863, amounted to 675 effective, of all arms, exclusive of 250 effective of Nelson's battalion, who arrived on the island when the fight had already begun. (See my report of 16th December, 1863.)

ALFRED ROMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., January 9, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel D. B. Harris, chief engineer of the department, for his remarks.

The communication of Colonel Roman was called forth by General Ripley's innuendoes against the engineers of this department, contained in his vague and unsatisfactory answers to a former communication of Colonel Roman. The within answers of Brigadier-General Ripley are studied and labored, apparently not to elucidate the subject, but to avoid a plain and direct expression of opinion. The answer to question 6 shows a total want of practical knowledge, and still more justifies my action in intrusting the planning and superintending of such works in this department, not to district commanders, as had been dane before I assumed command, but to the engineer department, acting under my immediate instruction. Instead of six or eight weeks, as sated by General Ripley, about six times that number would probably have been required. The successful defense of Charleston, conducted under such great obstacles, against such great odds, is the best answer that can be made in favor of the system of defense followed in third department, and in refutation of the engineers and uncalled-for vague accusations of General Ripley against that gallant, meritorious, and unassuming officer and gentleman, Colonel D. B. Harris, chief engineer of this department.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

---------------

*See letter of May 31, Series I, Vol. XIV, p. 960.

---------------

