
Colonel Kemper, and him to report directly to these headquarters. In a day or two your disposition of my troops will all have been made, and I will immediately set abut a review of the whole in person, and will report suggestion of any alteration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SIXTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., December 17, 1863-9 a. m.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: When I wrote to you at 7.30 a. m. to-day, respecting the Schulz battery, I was not informed as I am now, by Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper, that that battery is intended for the John's Island expedition. I now comprehend the arrangement, and will act accordingly.

I am glad to inform you that I can send five companies form Colonel Page's (Twenty-sixth Virginia) regiment and (with the two already on John's Island) five from Colonel Tabb's (Fifty-ninth second form Church Flats, to meet by any given hour at Dr. Curtis' or Roper's. This infantry had better be commanded by their own officers. I therefore venture to ask, as well as suggest, that Colonel Page or Lieutenant-Colonel Councill, form the Twenty-sixth, and Colonel Tabb, form the Fifty-ninth, be ordered to command the infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper, the artillery; and Major Jenkins,a the cavalry; the whole to be under the order of Colonel Page or of Colonel Tabb, and to follow the guidance of Major Jenkins.

We are ready with the infantry and waiting only for the Parrott guns for Schulz's battery, and are placing the siege guns in position at Willstown. Then the movement on John's Island can be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.-This Colonel Page is an educated soldier, a man of sense and discipline.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 276. Charleston, S. C., December 17, 1863

I. Lieutenant Colonel Del. Kemper will take command of and organize an expedition for the destruction of the U. S. steamers Pawnee and Marblehead in the Stono River, near Legareville, to which end.

First. Brigadier-General Wise will place at his disposition at least 500 infantry, under competent field officers junior to Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper, as well as one company of his reserve cavalry from Adams Run, and the following batteries:

1. Schultz's battery as temporarily organized.

2. Charles' battery.

