
3. One section (two 12-pounder Napoleon guns) of Marion Artillery, Captain Smith's company of siege train (four 8-inch howitzers), and Captain Webb's company, siege train (two 30-pounder Parrotts), will also report to Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper forthwith at Church Flats, with one week's rations and forage.

Second. General Wise will also direct Major Jenkins with his command to report to Colonel Kemper, temporarily, at or about Legareville, to be employed to the best advantage in guarding the approaches to his position near that point.

II. The verbal instructions already given by the commanding general must be carried out with the utmost secrecy and with dispatch.

III. The labor of throwing up the three batteries near Legarefille will be executed by the troops at night only where exposed to view, care being taken to conceal the work done, with bushes, form observation of the enemy during the day.

IV. Special precaution will be observed not to expose the troops to the view of the enemy's lookouts while marching toward Legareville or to and for their work.

V. The three batteries thrown up for this operation will be armed each with four pieces, as follows, to wit:

1. Upper Battery:One section of Marion Artillery, one 8-inch siege howitzer, and one rifled gun of Shculz's battery.

2. Middle Battery: Three 10-pounder Parrotts (Schulz' battery) and one 8-inch siege howitzer.

VI. The guns of these batteries will be placed in position at night, and must open at daylight Christmas morning, if practicable, and will endeavor to destroy or capture the two steamers in the Stono.

VII. The reserve infantry with Charles's battery will be stationed behind the hedge running across the peninsula of Legareville, and will open fire upon that simultaneously with the batteries, and, if possible, must capture the enemy's force stationed there, after which, will burn what is left of that village.

VIII. After the accomplishment of these objects, as far as practicable, the troops under Colonel Kemper will return, respectively, to their present position.

IX. A sufficient number of ambulances will accompany the expedition.

X. Chiefs of staff, corps, or departments, will give all necessary aid required for the prompt execution of these important orders.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 18, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Nothing important since last report. Repair of Sumter still progressing. Enemy is strengthening his battery on Morris Island, which are generally silent.

G. T. BEAUREGARD. U

