
CHARLESTON, S. C., December 18, 1863-9.30 a. m.

Do not enemy's movements in Tennessee, and Averell's expedition, indicate fear of Longstreet's forces joining Lee's, to crush Meade before the return of latter's three corps sent to defeat Bragg and get possession of Chattanooga? Why cannot enemy's fears be realized at once?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 18, 1863.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Adams Run:

Brigadier-General Wise has been directed to send section of Schulz's battery to Second District to make temporary exchange with Washington Artillery for two 10-pounder Parrotts.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT, Green Pond, December 18, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,Charleston, S. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: With the many and arduous duties so constantly claiming your attention, I exceedingly regret the necessity which compels me to give you additional trouble. I have postponed it, however, until a sense of duty determines me to act.

Throughout the section of country where my troops should be located for the their sick, and, owing ot he scarcity of tools, winter quarters cannot be built in less than three weeks. I have sent agent both to Charleston and Pocotaligo to procure vaccine matter, as yet without success. I have neither houses nor tents for my own or the accommodation of my staff.

I have never had any transportation at district headquarters, excepting about three broken-down (condemned) teams and dilapidated wagons. As the delivery of supplies by rail is limited and uncertain, long forage is seldom issued to my command. lieutenant England, of the quartermast's department form James Island, is authorized to haul form this district 500,000 pounds of fodder, and at this time, as I am informed, has 70 wagons loading in the vicinity of Walterborough. Should this privilege be extended, you can readily perceive, general, that even should I succeed in securing transportation for the regiments (which I hope ot do soon), it will be too late to serve the purpose of foraging my horses.

I beg that you will prohibit further removal of forage from my district, as I have largely over 2,000 animals to subsist. I would also request that all detailed men be ordered to their regiments, and

