
McCrady could attend also to the defensive works for Savannah on the east side of the river, including those which may be required at New River Bridge and Bluffton, I am perfectly willing to give orders to that effect, especially if he can get means from Georgia for their construction. But he will have for all those working, during report to the commander of the military district in which they are located.

I begin to believe that the next move of the enemy in my department will be from Broad River and Port Royal as a base. Hence I am extremely anxious to send additional men and guns to General Walker, but I really do not sse where I can find them; especially the troops, since Anerson's and Clingman's brigades were ordered away. We must do, however, all we can toward fortifying the approaches to Savannah from the points named, and I will determine what guns can be spared from here for those defensive works.

With a view to concentrating the more Walker's forces, I have already reduced his district from the Ashepoo to the Combahee, and extended Robertson's by that much, reducing his left from Rantowles tot he Edisto. Wise's right has been extended to the latter river. I am much better satisfied with the present limits of those districts. I hope ere long to be able to visit Savannah in person. Can you not manage to get from Gorgas or the Secretary of War a few heavy guns, 10-inch columbiads and others, for the defense of Savannah? It seems to me that at least six should be furnished at once. Two 10-inch columbiads have already been promised me, but they have not yet been sent.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

ROYAL'S HOUSE, December 22, 1863-7.20 p. m.

General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

The following has been received from Colonel Kemper, viz:

CHURCH FLATS, December 22, 1863.

Captains WEBB and SMITH:

CAPTAINS: Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper desires me to write and request that you will make all haste in advancing, and report to him as soon as possible at this place.

W. B. McKee,

Lieutenant, and Acting Adjutant.

This is not understood. Please answer at once.

JOHNSON HAGGOD,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 22, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHNSON HAGGOD,

Royal's House, James Island:

Smith's and Webb's batteries, siege train, will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper, Church Flats, as soon as possible, with one week's rations and forage, with fully supply of ammunition, for special service.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

