
FORT MONROE, VA., August 23, 1863. [Received 4 p.m.]

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just received from New Berne, N. C., the following dispatch:

We have just received the following dispatch from Morehead City:

"BEAUFORT HARBOR, N. C.

"The steamer Maple Leaf has just passed here, going north, having left Charleston yesterday morning. Reports that General Gillmore has thrown up a battery within 300 yards of Fort Wagner, in a position so low that the guns of the fort cannot be depressed sufficiently to play upon our batteries. One corner of Sumter had been completely knocked off, and the cannonading was still going on when the Maple Leaf left."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

The above is dated at New Berne, N. C., August 21.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 24, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of letters from General Beauregard, commanding Confederate forces at Charleston, and from Her Britannic Majesty's acting consul and the Spanish consul at that city, relative to the throwing of shells into the city from my batteries; also duplicates of my answers thereto.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Morris Island, S. C., August 21, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,Commanding Confederate Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to demand of you the immediate evacuation of Morris Island and Fort Sumter by the Confederate forces. The present condition of Fort Sumter and the rapid and progressive destruction which it is undergoing from my batteries, seem to render its complete demolition within a few hours a matter of certainty. All my heaviest guns have not yet opened.

Should you refuse compliance with this demand, or should I receive no reply thereto within four hours after it is delivered into the hands of your subordinate at Fort Wagner for transmission, I shall open fire on the city of Charleston from batteries already established within easy and effective range of the heart of the city.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

