
Meggott's to Willstown, hastily at first and strengthened afterward. Willstown, and the approaches from Pinebury, White's Point, Little Britain, and Young Island. We want transportation; say, twelve more wagons and teams, teams for heavy guns, and tools and implements for, say, 300 working men. A copy of my orders of preparation of preparation for the engineer accompanies this.

I am very much wanting in maps. General Robertson turned over to me a mere bagatelle of charts, one good map of John's Island, and some disjecta membra of maps of the country, upon which, if need be, I must fall back in fighting. I beg that the ordnance department will be hurried to aid us in mounting the heavy pieces. At present enemy shows no force which threatens, except one gunboat lying in North Edisto, about 10 miles below White's Point, close, in, and just off the enemy's observatory at a point on Botany Bay Island. She makes no demonstrations, but in this hour of respite every possible nothing done until we raise tools and transportation.

I will next explore up the Edisto to Gioham's Ferry, next down the Ashley to the overflows; and next thence across to the Stono, and lastly, look out the roads, passes, and defiles in the interior of the entire circle of lines.

The troops here are doing very well, and so am I.

With the highest respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

[Inclosure.]

ORDERS OF PREPARATION FOR THE ENGINEER.

I think the works at Willstown and Pinebury ought to be first begun and completed.

One hundred men will, when called for, be detailed from the eight companies of the Forty-sixth Virginia in reserve for works west of the Toogoodoo. An agent or superintendent should be appointed by the engineer in charge of the works. The military officer in command at any point where work is carried on will be ordered to have the work done according to instructions of the superintendent.

The men will work in two relief from 8 a. m. until 4 p. m., one hour recess at 12 m.

As large a detail as possible will be made form the reserve of the Fifty-ninth Virginia Regiment, say 60 or 75 men, to work at King's corn-field and Chaplain's. That reserve may be called off for a short time within the next ten days, but the detail will be furnished as early and steadily as possible,a s soon as called of. I trust that neither detail will be called for until ample tolls and transportation are obtained and put at the place.

Mr. J. Wilson will be detached and detailed immediately and put to work.

I recommend that no more works will be commenced than can be actively carried on and speedily competed, those lowest down first.

