
No wagons and teams can possibly be spared at present form absolutely necessary transportation for rations and forage in this district, and I cannot say when a sufficiency to aid the engineer in charge can be obtained. I hope the engineer in charge will make requisition for what transportation he needs for tools and timber immediately. He cannot depend on aid form this command, I repeat. The details will be ordered to be relieved weekly, every Sabbath. Let a detail of 8 good boatmen be made to move the pile-driver form the mouth of the Toogoodoo, when called for. The 5 men attached ot the boat already ordered to Toogoodoo River will assist the operation of moving the pile-driver.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 22, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Same kind of dispatch received from same source just before April 7 and July 10 last, which proved false. Enemy may intend attacking Sullivan's Island, as he did Morris Island. Charleston will not be given up so easily. Nothing new in my front.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

WILMINGTON, N. C., December 23, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD,

Charleston:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The following is what I alluded to in my telegram "confidential."

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S., Richmond, December 18, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding District, Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: The President had desired me to inform you that a scout who has jut returned from Baltimore, and who has frequently brought us reliable information, reports that the enemy's Government have given up all hope of taking Charleston, and that they have resolved to turn their force against Savannah. It is thought, however, that it is far more probable they will attack Wilmington, if they abandon Charleston, and therefore this information is communicated for your guidance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

Together with this, I have information from New York of late date, via Nassau, stating that the double-enter gunboats are completed; that an expedition against this place had been decided on, and that Gillmore and Dahlgren were considered to have utterly failed.

This morning 2 Yankee deserters have been brought in to me, who report Butler at New Berne receiving re-enforcements, and a large force expected to arrive.

I give you the above for what you think it worth. You will observe that Colonel Browne communicates his intelligence for my

