
"guidance." If it was worth anything, I should think it ought to guide rather the Department, and I can do no more than I am doing without a sufficiency of troops, and if an attack is anticipated here by the Government, why do they not provide re-enforcements?

As against their navy my works are very formidable, but the whole plan of attack must, to be successful, depend also upon an army.

Did you received the same letter which was sent to me?

Very truly,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 23, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

If enemy's forces now collecting at Port Royal intend operating against Savannah, as suggested in Colonel William M. Browne's letter of 18th instant, I have not troops sufficient to protect Savannah, Charleston, and railroad connecting them. Two brigades, at least, of good troops are required ot check the movement until others could be sent. If operations about Dalton are closed for the season, cannot Walker's division be temporarily returned to the seaboard? See papers inclosed to Department.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

(Same to Honorable W. P. Miles.)

CHARLESTON, December 23, 1863.

Colonel D. B. HARRIS,

Chief Engineer of Department:

COLONEL: I had the honor of addressing a communication to you, dated December 20, 1863, representing certain advantages that Mr. W. S. Henerey's establishment presented for constructing the engines intended for torpedo-boats ordered by the Engineer Bureau at Richmond.

I requested, in the same communication, that an order be issued instructing Mr. Henerey to give the preference to this work above any other. This communication was approved and forwarded by you to department headquarters. On yesterday it was returned with an indorsement form Brigadier-General Jordan, chief of staff, inquiring as to the nature and amount of work which will be interrupted by the issuing of the order asked for. My reply stated that Mr. Henerey's establishment, like all the other workshops in the State, was almost entirely devoted to military work, and that my request was made on the presumption that the construction of torpedo steamers was deemed of paramount importance.

I would here respectfully state that without a complete workshop it is absolutely impossible to have the required engines constructed, and that I only ask for one workshop out of many now employed in the manufacture of projectiles and other military work.

On yesterday I made application to department headquarters for the detail of 8 workmen in military service, and at present engaged

