HEADQUARTERS CHARLESTON ARSENAL, S. C., December 29, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Waddy, chief ordnance officer, Department South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

The establishment of Mr. W. S. Henerey is indispensable to the operations of this department for projectiles, &amp;c. I am at a loss to know how the work proposed within can be regarded as of superior importance to that of supplying this department with projectiles and other munitions of war, and by what authority the applicant has made application for the detail of men already detailed by this arsenal. Mr. Henerey's establishment has been employed from the beginning of the war up to the present time under the order of this office. His men have been regularly detailed, and all the work he has done for other departments has been by order or tacit permission of the commanding officer of the arsenal. This interference, if not an assumption of authority, is at least highly prejudicial ot military discipline, and I respectfully request that such orders may be given as will prevent its recurrence in the future, and that all orders for work in this establishment shall be first sent to this office for approval.

N. R. CHAMBLISS,Major, Commanding Arsenal.
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT, Charleston, December 30, 1863.

Respectfully returned to department headquarters.

Please see indorsement of Major N. R. Chamblis, commanding Charleston Arsenal.

J. R. WADDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Ordnance Officer.

DECEMBER 31, 1863.

Inclose to Captain Lee a copy of Major C.' s indorsement, and inform him that he had better visit Wilmington, Augusta, Columbus, Ga., and Atlanta and Savannah, to see if he cannot have made there what he requires.

G. T. B. [BEAUREGARD],

General, Commanding.

Major C. will please see indorsement inside.

T. J. [JORDAN],

Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., January 1, 1864.

The commanding general cannot received Major Chambliss' indorsement without first calling his attention to the fact that it is couched in tenor and temper highly objectionable, inasmuch as it follows a reference of the commanding general, and the expression of his strong desire that Captain Lee's recommendations should be acceded to, if practicable, without detriment ot the whole service. After which he wished, of course, Major Chambliss to state fully any objections thereto, or tow hat extent the measures proposed might, in his opinion, affect the operations of the ordnance department prejudicially. Any remarks beyond the simple statement of those

