
COKESBURY, S. C., December 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: About the 25th of November, I forwarded through the proper channels charges of complaints against General G. T. Beauregard. Fearing they would not be forwarded (as I had good reason to expect), I sent a duplicate, after two days' notice to General Beauregard, direct to your office. I have now awaited more than a month, and have not been informed of the result of my application for the justice. I would, therefore, earnestly request that my complaint be entertained, and that the sentence of the court-martial be promulgated in my case, and that I be restored to the command of my brigade. Although acquitted by the court, I have been retained in arrest nearly three months.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]

JANUARY 7, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

I referred the former communication of General Evans on this subject ot General Beauregard, and received in answer the inclosed papers, with his indorsement, which does not allude to his release from arrest, but in specific terms asks that General Evans be separated from his brigade, and ordered to some other field, for reasons there given. In view of this report, representing the disqualifications of Brigadier-General Evans as a brigade commander, I would respectfully suggest whether it would not be proper that the commander of the department should bring him before an examining board, provided in the act of October 13, 1862, and that he be immediately released from arrest. It seems to me, it would be unjust to assign him to duty with any other commanding general until he can acquit himself of the disqualifications charged against him.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

JANUARY 13, 1864.

Course recommended approved.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]

MOUNT PLEASANT, S. C., NEAR CHARLESTON, November 30, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Inclosed I have the honor to forward for the action of the Department of War my complaint against the official treatment of General G. T. Beauregard, commanding this department. I send this paper direct, as I have reason to believe the duplicate (which was delivered at department headquarters two days ago) will

