
not be forwarded. I would, therefore, respectfully ask that the court be ordered at the earliest convenience, and that I be relieved from my embarrassing position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MOUNT PLEASANT, S. C., November 28, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully make the following complaint against the official treatment of General G. T. Beauregard, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida;

First. I was arrested on the 15th of September last, nd tired by a general court-martial for disobedience of the orders of Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, commanding the First Military District. Of which charge and specifications I was informed on the 5th instant, by Colonel G. W. C. Lee, aide-de-camp, that I was "acquitted," and that the proceedings would "be published in a day or two." These proceedings have been in the hands of the retrieving authority (General G. T. Beauregard) forty days, and I have not yet been released from arrest or restored to duty. I have been in arrest more than two months. Which treatment conflicts with justice to myself, and is prejudicial to good order and military discipline.

Second. During my arrest he has divided my brigade into four detachments, separated from 3 to 4 miles, and under different commanders, stationed in different military district, thereby destroying the organization. Which movement was not demanded by the exigence of the service,a nd is calculated to render less effective the services of the brigade.

In making the above complaints, I would respectfully call the attention of the Department tot he proceedings of the court by which I was tried. I have also made application for justice to the office of the commanding general, and have received no answer. I would, therefore, respectfully ask for a court of inquiry to investigate the subject-matter of complaint.

Respectfully submitted.

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 5, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Beauregard.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

