
[Second indorsement.]

HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., December 16, 1863.

The PRESIDENT:

In forwarding this paper, in immediate connection with the subject-matter, I have to say:

First. Any delay in the publication of the findings in the came of Brigadier-General Evans has been unavoidable, and due, in great part, to the press of work of more importance, connected with the defense of this city, than the return of Brigadier-General Evans to the command of his brigade, and also, for about a month, from inability to have the order printed.

Second. The paper herewith, marked A, dated November 28, shows that Brigadier-General Evans has been led into inaccurate statements, in so much of his communication as relates to the inspection made by Lieutenant-Colonel Roman into the state of Evans' brigade. The inspection is question was rendered necessary, in consequence of letters and reports addressed to these headquarters from various sources, concerning the moral and general condition of that brigade, the ill feeling pervading the regiments toward General Evans, and the evident lack of discipline and instruction, and the general defective organization and equipment of its several regiments, which will be found exhibited in the papers herewith, marked B and C.

Third. At the same time General Evans wrote, one regiment of his brigade proper was on James Island, Seventh Military District; one (the Twenty-sixth South Carolina Volunteers, which I had attached to his command when he was ordered to Mississippi) was in this city, Fifth Military District, and four regiments were in the First Military District, a distribution which was made without the least reference to any designed dispersion of the brigade, but simply imperatively required by the exigencies of the service, and being defense of Charleston. I am sorry to have to add that no distribution or dispersion of the regiments of this brigade, as commanded by General Evans, would diminish its efficiency. And it is to be hoped the association of its regiments with others beater disciplined, instructed, and organized will have the effect ot raise their tone and spirit, stimulate their officers to learn their duties, enforce discipline, and incite their attention to self-instruction and the instruction of the men. I am satisfied that, under Brigadier-General Evans, this brigade would gradually grow worse in tone of the officers, and the discipline and drill of the men. I have, therefore, respectfully, but urgently, to recommend that Brigadier-General Evans shall be relieved from duty with it. His relations with some of the commanders of regiments,a nd the opinion expressed of him by one of his colonels, on oath, at the trial of Major B. S. Bryan, quartermaster's department, alone would make this measure for the good of the service. But, in addition, I am satisfied he does not, and cannot, any longer command the respect and consideration of the large majority of his officers and men. Further, the condition of the several regiments of this brigade makes it best that they should be separated or place under a firm disciplinarian, as the materiel is represented ot be excellent. Finally, I have no confidence in his judgment or fitness to command a brigade. I have, therefore, to apply for the relief of Brigadier-General Evans from duty in this department, as I feel

