
I cannot employ him usefully, and that he is an injury at this time, when the smallness of my command makes it essential that my troops should have no disturbing element, if practicable, and nothing that may impair the efficiency of any part of them which may be avoided.

Respectfully,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure A.]

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Charleston, S. C., November 28, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I herewith respectfully return General Evans' complaints against the commanding general of this department, with the following remarks:

My report, dated November 6, 1863, and duly forwarded to department headquarters, shows how utterly incorrect is the statement of General Evans as to my visiting privately the officers of his brigade to inquire into his personal character, &amp;c. I was instructed by the general commanding to ascertain what was the general condition of rumors of ill feeling and want of confidence between General Evans and his field officers. Before beginning the investigation, I saw General Evans and asked of him an interview, for the purpose of letting him know what I was about to do, and to ask him his own views about the rumors which necessitated my investigation. General Evans told me that he could not give the interview asked for as soon as I wished it, because he was under trial before a court-martial, and had his defense to prepare. I asked him when his trial should be over to trop me a line, informing me when and where he could see me. He promised to do so, but never did. Seeing which, and knowing that his trial was over, I went to his headquarters at Mount Pleasant to see him. I was told there that the general had left the night previous on a seven days' leave. It was then only that I began my investigation, and that I saw the different field officers of his brigade. As soon as I learned that General Evans had returned from his leave, explaining ot him what I wanted of him, and stating by what authority I was acting. For all further particulars about my official course in the matter, I refer to my report above alluded to.

Respectfully,

ALFRED ROMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

[Inclosure B.]

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Charleston, S. C., November 6, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Pursuant to special instructions from the commanding general, I hereby submit the present report with reference to Brigadier-General Evans' brigade, and to the relations existing between

