
declares he has taken as much care of it as circumstances and active field duties could allow. He has always been with his command, except while on other duties as commander of posts, and, at times, of divisions, and knows his men ot be all of good fighting material. I am sorry to say that the opinion of the field officers of the brigade as regards their commander is not as favorable to the latter as his opinion is to them, with one exception only (the field officers of the Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers). All the others agree in saying, that General Evans has entirely lost the confidence of the greater portion of his men; that he is careless, rude, unkind, and as often absent form his command as he possibly can be; that he has never very often seen with it on a march; that he has no regard for the wants of his command, no regard for the claims of his subtask; that their earnest wish would be to be transferred to some other command; that, though willing to perform their duties to the best of their judgement, they feel discouraged at the idea of being under the orders of a general in whom they no longer rely.

I will not undertake to say whether this feeling throughout the brigade toward General Evans is correct or otherwise, but I am convinced it exists to such an extent as greatly to impair its usefulness and efficiency. I would therefore recommend, as a measure calculated to insure the benefit of the service, that Brigadier-General Evans be at once relieved from his command and assigned to other duties; that another general officer be appointed to occupy his position, and, should that course be deemed unadvisable, that orders be given for the dismemberment of his brigade, and for the distribution of its different regiments in other brigades of this department.

Respectfully,

ALFRED ROMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

[Inclosure C.]

OUTPOSTS, Sullivan's Island, October 25,1 863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ROMAN,

Assistant Inspector-General, Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

COLONEL: In pursuance of you directions, I make the following report upon the condition of the Twenty-second Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, which I forward directly to your address: When, about a month ago, I ago, I was placed in command of the regiment, I found the regiment without discipline, system, or government. No care had been taken had been taken of public property; the arms were in a miserable condition. In the boozes of the men I found 1,100 damaged cartridges. There was no spare ammunition on hand. The ordnance wagon was halting wood. The ambulance had no top. The tents had been left at Selma, and no receipt taken for them. There were no sinks, as such. The officers, with a few exceptions, seemed to have not the faintest idea of their duties. They seemed, however, willing, and even anxious to learn, and were obedient almost to subserviency. There was little line of demarkation between the officers and men, they messing and visiting the sinks together. There had been no drilling, I was told, for fifteen month. There were no roll-calls, and, except sick-call, no part of the usual routine of camp.

