
The men were ignorant of the manual of arms, and even of the facings. I have made some progress in instructing the officers and men, but am of the opinion that with the present set of officers, the regiment can be made efficient only by great exertions by a set of intelligent, well qualified, and strict field officers. I herewith submit a roster of the officers, with my opinion of their qualifications and capacity. The regiment is numerically weak.

I herewith send a field return.* The 58 absent without leave are deserters. I have ordered 5 officers to arrest them. The absent, sick, are many of them permanently unfit for duty. I consider the maximum of the efficient strength of enlisted men below 400. From an acquaintance with both organizations, I would recommend a consolidation of this regiment with the Seventh South Carolina Battalion. This battalion has eight companies, two of which are very weak, one having only 2 commanding officer. The maximum of the efficient enlisted men is about 500.

I herewith send an ordnance report.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. RION,

Major, 7th S. C. Battalion, Commanding 22nd Regiment S. C. Vols.

Synoptical inspection report of the brigade of Brigadier General N. G. Evans.

Date of	 Organization, and commander	 Present	 Absent

inspection.	 at the time of inspection.	 of	 without

 	 duty.	 leave.

October 1.	 18th South Carolina	 433	 36

 Infantry, Colonel W. H.

 Wallace

2	 Holcombe Legion, Lieutenant-	 383	 30

 Colonel Crawley.

5	 17th South Carolina	 432	 34

 Infantry, Colonel F. W.

 McMaster.

6	 23rd South Carolina	 297	 22

 Infantry, Major M. V.

 Bancroft.

Date	 Absent	 Aggrega	 Officer	 Remarks.

of	 without	 te	 s

insp	 leave.	 present	 absent.

ecti	 	 and

on.	 	 absent.

Octo	 28	 657	 7	 The company officer do

ber 	 	 	 	 not attend to the

1	 	 	 	 position of the men in

 	 	 	 the ranks. In drill the

 	 	 	 regiment shows want of

 	 	 	 exactness, and there is

 	 	 	 evident want of practice.

 	 	 	 The adjutant's office is

 	 	 	 not up to the mark; camps

 	 	 	 not clean; sinks not

 	 	 	 properly conducted; in

 	 	 	 the hospital want of

 	 	 	 management; a hospital

 	 	 	 steward in medical charge

 	 	 	 of the regiment; arms

 	 	 	 tolerable; men in the

 	 	 	 ranks without the

 	 	 	 authorized amount of

 	 	 	 ammunition; the putting

 	 	 	 on of uniform not

 	 	 	 attended to; the men

 	 	 	 standing in the ranks

 	 	 	 with unbuttoned coats.

2	 30	 566	 6	 Want of discipline in

 	 	 	 this regiment evident; in

 	 	 	 drill want of practice

 	 	 	 and attention; btu little

 	 	 	 drill has been enforced

 	 	 	 in this regiment, or the

 	 	 	 others in the brigade;

 	 	 	 the adjutant's office

 	 	 	 only tolerably kept;

 	 	 	 company books not as they

 	 	 	 ought to be; the use of

 	 	 	 sinks not enforced;

 	 	 	 considerable deficiencies

 	 	 	 in arms; some of the men

 	 	 	 in the ranks not supplied

 	 	 	 with the regulated amount

 	 	 	 of ammunition.

5	 20	 573	 9	 Drill not up to mark;

 	 	 	 want instruction very

 	 	 	 much; discipline

 	 	 	 tolerable; adjutant's

 	 	 	 office not well kept; no

 	 	 	 consolidated morning

 	 	 	 report book kept; sinks

 	 	 	 not provided or enforced

 	 	 	 as they ought to be.

6	 25	 522	 19	 Discipline defective:

 	 	 	 drill tolerable;

 	 	 	 adjutant's office very

 	 	 	 imperfectly kept; camp

 	 	 	 very dirty; sinks not

 	 	 	 used; ammunition

 	 	 	 defective. (The colonel

 	 	 	 of the regiment has been

 	 	 	 since tried and relieved

 	 	 	 from duty for six

 	 	 	 months.)

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

