
Synoptical inspection report of the brigade of Brigadier General N. B. Evans-Continued.

Date of	 Organizatio	 Present for	 Present	 Absent

inspection	 n, and	 duty.	 sick.	 without

.	 commander	 	 	 leave.

 at the time

 of

 inspection.

October 7	 22nd South	 360	 29	 86

 Carolina

 Infantry,

 Major J.

 H. Rion.

3	 26th South	 343	 80	 31

 Carolina

 Infantry,

 Colonel A.

 D. Smith.

 Total	 2,248	 231	 220

 brigade..

Date of	 Aggregate	 Officers	 Remarks.

inspection.	 present	 absent.

 and

 absent.

October 7	 608	 17	 This regiment arrived in

 	 	 the department in such a

 	 	 state as to induce the

 	 	 commanding general to

 	 	 appoint Major Rion, of

 	 	 the Seventh South

 	 	 Carolina Battalion, to

 	 	 command it. Major Rion

 	 	 reports that upon his

 	 	 taking command things

 	 	 were in a terrible

 	 	 condition. Captain

 	 	 Feilden's report,

 	 	 therefore, does now show

 	 	 what the regiment was on

 	 	 its first arrival in

 	 	 this department, when

 	 	 irregularities of every

 	 	 kin existed in the

 	 	 regiment Major Rion has

 	 	 made a sweeping reform.

3	 764	 14	 Discipline defective;

 	 	 drill tolerable;

 	 	 adjutant's office very

 	 	 imperfectly kept; camp

 	 	 very dirty;s inks not

 	 	 used; ammunition

 	 	 defective. (The colonel

 	 	 of the regiment has

 	 	 since been tried, and

 	 	 relieved from duty for

 	 	 six months.)

 3,690	 72

NOTE.-On the 17th October, 1863, Company A, 23rd South Carolina Infantry, reported no men for duty; Company B, 23rd South Carolina Infantry, reported 1 man for duty; Company D, 23rd South Carolina Infantry, reported 2 men for duty.

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., December 28, 1863.

Major General J. F. GILMER,Second in Command, Savannah, Ga.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 24th instant has been received, and contents noted or ordered. I have always had the desire of sub-dividing the Third Military District, as recommended by you, but various considerations have prevented me doing os. There is at present no immediate necessity for the change, but I will probably order it before you are relieved of your present command. I hope to see you shortly in Savannah.

Arrange the engineers and engineer department of your two district to the best advantage for the public service. I send by one of my aides a detailed map of map of the Third District, which you will have copied and returned.

Herewith you will find a return of troops which you will please substitute for the one I had given you here. Return the latter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 28, 1863.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON, Green Pond, S. C.:

Guns are destined for Ashepoo River, unless you can show they are more needed elsewhere.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

