
CHARLESTON, S. C., December 28, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,

Adams Run, S. C.:

Commanding general desires you to send, under a resolute officer, at least 500 infantry and two batteries, to bring away those guns left on the StoNumbers Of course proper precautions must be taken to secure left flank from attack from quarter of Legareville. The movement must be made with all possible precautions, to guard against discovery by enemy in time to make preparations to meet and foil it. The guns are dismounted. Proper preparations must be made for their transportation.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., December 29, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th* instant, nd to say that the answer desired by telegraph was duly made.

All the information sought, it is proper to state, was already on the files of your office, to wit, in the inclosure of my letter of the 29th ultimo, as follows:

Paper marked A, return and estimate of troops and guns in Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, November 1, 1863.+

Paper C, copy of a circular of November 25, ++ from these headquarters, to Brigadier-Generals Walker, Mercer. Wire, and Robertson, for their information, in regard to operations in case of an attempt by the enemy to force his way into the interior, seize the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, and effect a lodgment upon the main.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S., Richmond, Va., December 29, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD:

Apprehension has been excited by some reports that you contemplate withdrawing from a portion of your line on the railroad. I should be pleased to be advised if such a view is entertained, and its cause. I ask this to correct what I believe is a misapprehension of you design.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Beauregard's report, Part I, p. 115.

+See Part I, p. 111.

++See Part I, p. 144.

---------------

