
that portion of country which would, in such an event, fall into the hands of the enemy; and it is the wish of the commanding general that you shall adopt such measures as shall carry these views into operation, without, however, stinking the supplies of the troops there located for its defense.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS JORDAN,]

Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major H. C. Guerin, chief of subsistence, State of South Carolina).
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., December 31, 1863.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY,Commanding, &amp;c., Mobile, Ala.:

DEAR GENERAL: I thank you for a copy of the paper on the airchamber experiments. I had just ordered a series with some 8-inch and 10-inch and 10-inch filled and banded columbiad, which, I have no doubt, will also give satisfactory results. I regret as much as you do that we were not in a condition to take advantage of the Fort Jackson mutiny to make a dash into New Orleans, but I hope Admiral Buchanan will soon be able to effectually raise the blockade of Mobile before the Abolitionists shall have provided enough monitors and iron-clads to laugh at our gunboats, as they have done here for the last six month.

Wishing you a brilliant success in the defense of Mobile, should it be attacked, I remain, you, very truly.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CAMP OF TWENTY-SEVENTH GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS, James Island, S. C., December 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of an order form headquarters, dated December 31, I have the honor to report the result of an inspection and muster of the artillery of the west lines, James Island.

First. Colonel Frederick's command:

Battery Numbers 5, Company H, Captain W. H. Kennedy commanding: The arms are the altered muskets, in good condition; accouterments in good condition. Fifteen rounds in each box, each man keeping safely a reserve of 65 rounds. Camp and garrison equipage good. The baggage is composed of officers' clothing and camp equipage to the amount of two wagon-loads. Transportation was represented as sufficient, and in good condition. Present on parade, 3 officers, 7 non absent without leave. The rations are beef and corn-meal. The police regulation is good, and sinks have been provided. The Rules and Articles of War have not been recently read. Orders from headquarters are regularly published.

Battery Numbers 4, Company F, Captain T. K. Legale commanding: The arms are the altered muskets, and in very good condition; ac-

