
couterments are in good condition. Fifteen rounds in each cartridge box, the men keeping safely in reserve 65 rounds. The condition of camp and garrison equipage is good. The baggage is composed of officers' clothing and camp equipage; amount, two wagon-loads. Transportation represented as sufficient and in good condition. The military appearance, drill, and discipline are very good. On parade, 4 officers, 5 non-commissioned officers, and 75 privates. The rations, beef and corn-meal. The police regulation is very good, and sinks have been provided. The Rules and Articles of War are read, and all orders form headquarters published.

Battery Numbers 3, Company --, Captain J. B. Humbert commanding: The arms are the cadet muskets, and in splendid condition; accouterments the same. Thirty rounds in each boy. The condition of camp and garrison equipage is good, excepting cooking utensils, which are not enough. Baggage is, officers' clothing, two wagon-loads, besides camp equipage. The military appearance, drill, and discipline are very fine. Four officers present, and 9 non-commissioned officers and 89 privates. Junior Lieutenant J. W. Moseley absent, sick. Ration is corn-meal and beef. Police good, and sinks have been provided. The Rules and Articles of War are read, and orders from headquarters published.

Company E, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, Captain J. D. Johnson: Austrian and other muskets (of different caliber), in ordinary condition and short in number; accouterments same. Fifteen [rounds] in each box, 85 in reserve for each man. Condition of camp and garrisons equipage good, which, with baggage, officers's clothing, &amp;c., two wagon-loads. Two two-horse wagons and teams serviceable; one one-hourse ambulance and horse serviceable. The military appearance is good; drill and discipline ordinary. Present, 2 officers, 9 non-commissioned officers, and 93 privates. Absent, Second Lieutenant W. D. Scarborough, on twenty-four hours' leave; Junior Second Lieutenant R. M. Anderson, acting adjutant. The ration is beef and corn-meal. Police is poor. Sinks furnished. Rules and Articles of War are read. Orders from headquarters not published.

South Carolina Regulars, Major Lucas commanding:

Battery Pringle, Company C, Captain T. B. Hayne commanding: Arms are muskets, in fine order; accouterments the same. Twenty rounds in boxes. Condition of camp and garrison equipage is good. With baggage, officers' clothing, &c., two wagon-loads. Military appearance, drill, and discipline are first class. Present, 2 officers, 6 non-commissioned, and 64 privates. Absent, Captain T. b. Hayne, commanding battalion. Ration is beef and corn-meal. Police good. Beach used for sinks. Rules and Regulations of War, and all orders received, read to this command.

Battery Tynes, Company B, Captain Guignard Richardson commanding: Arms muskets, condition good; accouterments good. Twenty rounds in boxes; 500 in reserve. Condition of camp and garrison equipage good, and with baggage, officers', &c., two wagon-loads. One two-horse ambulance and team serviceable. Military appearance, drill, and discipline very good. Present, 2 officers, 6 non-commissioned, and 57 privates. Absent, First Lieutenant H. C. Moses, sick; Junior First Lieutenant J. D. Ford, detached. Ration, beef and corn-meal. Policae good. Sinks provided. Rules and Articles of War are read and orders published.

