
Company I, Palmetto Battalion Light Artillery, Fort Of, Captain J. R. Bowden commanding: Arms, Mississippi rifles, condition bad; accouterments bad and incomplete. No ammunition in boxes; 6000 rounds in company reserve. Condition of camp and garrison equipage good; with baggage, is one wagon-load. Two two-horse wagons and teams serviceable. Military appearance, drill, and discipline are ordinary. Present, 3 officers, 12 non-commissioned officers, 113 privates. Absent, Junior Second Lieutenant J. A. Dill, detached. Ration, beef and corn-meal. Policae bad. Beach used for sinks. Rules and Articles of War read and orders are published.

Siege Train, Major Manigault commanding:

Company A, Captain B. C. Webb commanding: Two 30-pounder Parrotts; no breech sights, otherwise good. eighty-two cartridges and 192 shells, for some. Condition of camp and garrison equipage is good, and, with officers' baggage, is two wagon-loads. Two four hourse wagons and teams serviceable; 8 mules, 56 horses (public), ordinary condition. Harness new. One forge, one battery wagon, complete appurtenances. Military appearance and discipline good. Present, 5 officers, 13 non-commissioned, 100 privates. Rations, beef and corn-meal. Police fair. Beach used for sinks. Rules nd Articles of War read and orders from headquarters published.

Company B, Siege Train, Captain Smith commanding: Two 8-inch howitzers, with 120 rounds. condition of camp and garrison equipage is good,a nd with baggage, officers' clothing, &amp;c., two wagon-loads. Thirty-eight horses, 35 mules (public), fair condition; two four-horse wagons and teams, serviceable; one ordnance wagon an team, serviceable; one ambulance, no horse. Harness in good order. Military appearance and discipline good. Present, 3 officers, 9 non-commissioned, 96 privates. Abstn, Captain Smith, sick; Senior Second Lieutenant J. B. W. Phillips, sick. Ration, beef and corn-meal. Police fair. Beach used for sinks. Rules and Articles of War not read recently, nor orders published.

Company C, Georgia Siege Train, Captain G. W. Jonson commanding: One 20-pounder Parrott, and 90 rounds and 139 shell; one 4-inch Blakely, and 135 rounds, 159 shell. Camp and garrison equipage good, which, with baggage same as usual, two wagon-loads. One two-horse wagon, one four-hose wagon, and teams serviceable. Forty-six horses and harness in fine condition. One forge and battery wagon complete. Military appearance, drill, and discipline very good. Present, 3 officers, 5 non-commissioned, 61 privates. Rations beef and corn-meal. Police good. For sinks, use the beach. Rules and Articles of War are read; order not published.

Siege Train, Company C, Captain Gregg, commanding: Two 8-cinch siege howitzers (good), 134 cartridges for some, and 138 shell and canister. Camp equipage, &c., is good, and with baggage, officers' clothing, forms two wagon-loads. One forge and battery wagon (complete), two ordnance wagons and team, good condition. Forty-one horses and 39 mules in fine condition and 6 horses unserviceable. Military appearance nd discipline good. Present, 3 officers, 11 non-commissioned, 102 privates. Ration, beef and conr-meal. Beach used for sinks. Police good. Rules and Articles of War read and orders published.

JOHN J. ALLEN,

Captain, and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Colquitt's Brigade.

