
SUB-DISTRICT.

Colonel WILLIAM J. MAGILL.

1st Georgia (Regulars), Major R. A. Wayne.

28th Georgia Battalion (four companies), Major A. Bonaud.

28th Georgia Battalion (three companies), Captain Joseph A. Cotten.

2nd Florida Cavalry, Company A, Captain Clinton Thigpin.

5th Florida Cavalry Battalion, Company C, Captain A. C. Smith.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, January 4, 1864.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,Governor of the State of North Carolina, Raleigh:

SIR: A copy of Your Excellency's dispatch to Governor Bonham, of this State, of the 28th of November, has just been transmitted to me, and I hasten to say that the proper staff officers of this department, Major Lee, quartermaster, and Major Guerin, subsistence department, will be instructed to afford Mr. Hicks all practicable assistance in procuring and removing the supplies he has been commissioned to purchase. The only care will be to guard against possible abuse.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., January 4, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,Governor of the State of South Carolina, Columbia:

SIR: Yours of the 31st ultimo was duly received, and through the chiefs of the subsistence and the quartermaster's departments, respectively, orders will be given to afford all practicable aid to any agents intrusted by the authorities of North Carolina with the execution of Governor Vance's measures for the procurement of corn in this State for the families of soldiers of North Carolina. The only difficulty will be to guard against possible abuses.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 5, 1864.

Honorable W. PORCHER MILES,

Member of Congress, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR COLONEL: Your favor of the 30th ultimo, inclosing Mr. Mallory's communication to you, has been received. I have not time to read the latter at present; those notes I gave you were not intended for him to read, but merely to give you information which might be useful in a discussion on the subject of those wretched gunboats. Of course, I do not suppose that Mr. Mallory can possibly admit they are worse than useless, since he is still going on with their construction. Moreover, they are to a certain extent the children of his own creation, and if he be a good father he cannot disown them or admit that they are defective, any more than the owl can admit that its young ones are ugly.

But I do believe that Congress ought to interpose its authority in thus allowing Mr. Mallory, or Mr. Anybody Else, to squander our

