
public funds in such a wanton manner, consuming time, valuable materials, and guns which might be used to a better purpose. I think a committee of Congress ought to be sent here to determine the exact value of the three iron-clad gunboats in this harbor, and to report also the amount of ammunition they have consumed in the defense of Charleston, now at the end of its sixth month. Such an investigation would soon determine if they are worth the wood alone they are made of.

I was approached a few days since by one of my brigadier-generals (one of the best), to know if it would not be well to address to Congress a similar memorial to the one from the Army of Northwest Georgia. I refused positively, although approving most of the points it contains, for I do not think it is right or proper in principle that the army should dictate, as it were, to Congress what it had best do. I told that officer, however, that each officer could individually write to their friends in Congress his views on the momentous question at issue.

I, for one, accept the views expressed in that memorial, except the calling out of the children and old men, who are much better at home making than consuming provisions. Moreover, they should be organized by the States for home guards and defense. If all absentees from the army, deserters, skulkers, &amp;c., and persons improperly exempted, between eighteen and forty-five, were in the ranks, we would have now more troops than we could arm. Hence let us bring out those first, before we call out that class of the population which is absolutely necessary at home. Then, again, what is the use of having so many men in the field, if not properly massed and equipped in arms, provisions, and transportation, for active service? I would rather have 50,000 men that I could move rapidly from one point to another, than 75,000 who could not move 20 miles from their base of operations. Besides numbers, we need mobility, and the first without the last will answer to little purpose. You no doubt remember that I wrote to you the very same thing immediately after the battle of the first Manassas. Events have proved that I was perfectly right then. Without proper depots of provisions, ammunition, &c., and means of transportation, an army is like a ship at anchor. But I have not time to write more.

Yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, January 16, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 29th December, in answer to my letter of the 26th of that month, was duly submitted to the President, together with your letter of November 29, and all the papers inclosed in that letter. They have all now been returned to this office, with the following indorsement of the President, which is furnished for your information, viz:

Answer not satisfactory. I require a specific reply.

J. D. [DAVIS.]

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER.

