
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Charleston, September 14, 1863.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: A verbal message from you, through one of your staff, has just been delivered to me by Colonel Adrich, asking for a copy of a telegram in reference to arming the six-months' troops.

I herewith inclose you copies of my letter to the Secretary of War and Colonel Gorgas' reply thereto on this subject; also a copy of a letter from General Garlington to General Jordan of August 9th, in which was inclosed also a copy of Colonel Gorgas' letter, and in which I suggested that it would be well to have the arms ordered here at once from the Augusta Arsenal, so that when the troops arrive there will be no delay in arming them.

I need every arm of every description that I can command for arming the citizens for the defense of the interior and upper part of the State, and am, therefore, unable to supply the six-months' troops; hence I was thus careful to endeavor to have provision made in advance for having them armed by the Confederate Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Charleston, July 24, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: * * * I again call your attention to the arming of these (six-months') troops. It is my purpose to organize a brigade at least of troops under eighteen and over forty-five, for State protection, that I must arm, and the executive council having turned over all the shot-guns to the Confederate Government, I shall not have more than arms enough to arm my own troops.

I am, sir, yours, very respectfully,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Charleston, August 9, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a copy of a letter from Colonel J. Gorgas, Chief of Ordnance, addressed to His Excellency the Governor, in reply to a letter to the Secretary of War on the subject of arming the 5,000 troops "for service within the State for six months."

I am instructed by His Excellency the Governor to invite the attention of the commanding general to the condition annexed to the furnishing these arms, and to the fact that much delay will result from awaiting the approval of the mustering officer before the arms are sent to this place.

It is proper also to state that these troops may not be mustered into Confederate service, as the organization embraces many con-

