
the surrender of Fort Sumter and Morris Island, and in which you say, on his refusal you will bombard the city of Charleston.

General, my reason for assuming the honor to address you is, to represent that the subjects of S. M. Catolica place in safety their lives and personal effects. The city so soon, in its lower greater part, deserted by its inhabitants, was not so completely that the bombardment did not fail to have some innocent victims.

In this case, then, I ask you, in the name of my Government, and I beseech you in the name of the subjects that I represent, a suspension of twenty-four hours to depart, from the receipt of this present communication.

I hope, then, general, that you will accede to a petition, that, to be humanely just, will be in harmony with the conduct observed by the subjects of S. M. Catolica residing in the city of Charleston.

I take this occasion to assure you of the sincerity of my greatest respect.

J. G.,

Consul of S. M. Catolica.

[Inclosure No. 5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 22, 1863-9 p.m.

The SPANISH CONSUL, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, desiring of me a suspension of the bombardment of Charleston for twenty-four hours, to allow the subjects of the Spanish Government to depart from the city.

I had supposed that ample time had been given for this purpose. The commencement of the attack on the defenses of Charleston, some forty days ago, is regarded as having given plain and emphatic warning that the city might be fired on at any time.

Nothing, however, is further from my wish than to endanger the lives or property of subjects of the Government which your represent, and I cordially accede to your request. No further bombardment of Charleston need be apprehended until 11 p.m. to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

BRITISH CONSULATE, Charleston, August 22, 1863.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Forces of the U. S. for the Dept.of the South:

GENERAL: On behalf of the great number of Her Britannic Majesty's subjects now in this city, of whom the greater number are women and children, I have the honor to solicit of you an interview.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

H. PINCKNEY WALKER,

Her Majesty's Acting Consul.

