
[Inclosure No. 7.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 22, 1863-9 p.m.

H. PINCKNEY WALKER,Her Majesty's Acting Consul, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, soliciting an interview on behalf of the subjects of Her Britannic Majesty in Charleston.

It is presumed that your object in seeking this interview has reference to the recent throwing of shells into the city of Charleston from my lines, and that you desire to obtain a suspension of the bombardment to enable Her Majesty's subjects to leave the city.

As a compliance with your request at this time would materially interfere with operations in which I am engaged, I must respectfully decline to grant it, but shall endeavor to secure to Her Majesty's subjects in Charleston the full benefit of such an interview, by suspending the bombardment of the city until 11 p.m. to-morrow, until which hour no further firing upon the city need be apprehended.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, No. 493. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 24, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

IV. The following-named regiments belonging to Brigadier-General Terry's command will constitute a colored brigade, to be commanded by Colonel James Montgomery, Second South Carolina Volunteers: Second South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel James Montgomery; Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel M. S. Littlefield; Third Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel B. C. Tilghman.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,Major, Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 25, 1863-10.30 a.m. [Received 11 a.m.]

Major-General HALLECK:

Richmond papers of the 24th instant have been received, from which the following extracts of telegraphic dispatches from Charleston are made:

Charleston, August 22.-From 5 a.m. until 7 p.m. yesterday, the enemy's fire on Fort Summer was very heavy. Nine hundred and twenty-three shots were fired, and 704 struck the fort, either outside or inside. The eastern face were disabled. The flag was shot down four times. Five privates and 2 negroes were wounded in Sumter. The enemy's fire on Wagner caused five casualties, including Captain Robert Pringle, killed. Our sharpshooters are annoying the Yankees considerably. It is supposed that the enemy burst one of their Parrott guns yesterday afternoon. At 11 o'clock last night a communication from the enemy, unsigned, was sent to General Beauregard, demanding the surrender of Sumter and the Morris Island

