
July 10, 1863, on Morris Island, with a copy of a memorandum by the late Colonel Chatfield, of that regiment, giving the name of the captor.

It is a source of peculiar satisfaction to me to be able to send you this material trophy, slight as it is, of the valor and good conduct of the soldiers of your State who are serving in this department, and who, under the late lamented Colonel Chatfield and Lieutenant-Colonel Rodman, of the Seventh Regiment, have borne so prominent and distinguished a part in our recent operations.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS, Morris Island, S. C., July 16, 1863.

The rebel battle-flag, inscribed "Pocotaligo, October 22, 1862," was captured on Morris Island, S. C., July 10, 1863, by the advance line of skirmishers of the Sixth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, near the second battery, when advancing on the battery.

The flag was taken by Private Prosper Hounslow, Company D, Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, who shot the color-bearer through the head while he was attempting to escape with it. The stain upon the flag was caused by the blood of the color-bearer, who fell upon the flag when shot.

JOHN L. CHATFIELD,Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

OFF MORRIS ISLAND, August 26, 1863-11.10 a.m.

General GILLMORE:

Would it be convenient for you to open a heavy fire on Sumter, sustaining it until nightfall?

DAHLGREN,

Admiral.

MORRIS ISLAND, August 26, 1863-11.30 a.m.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

I can open a pretty strong fire on Sumter, if you deem it necessary. One of my 8-inch guns is burst, and others are nearly expended. Do you think Sumter has any serviceable guns?

My calcium lights can operate to-night on Sumter and the harbor, unless you wish otherwise, and we can arrange for investing Morris Island.

GILLMORE,

General.

OFF MORRIS ISLAND, August 26, 1863-12.15 p.m.

General GILLMORE:

I am going to operate on the obstructions, and a portion of my men will be without cover.

