
I have the honor to request that in future vessels bearing flags of truce from you be instructed not to pass south of a line drawn east and west through Cumming's Point.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MORRIS ISLAND, August 28, 1863-4.15 p.m.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

Will your plans for to-night render it unadvisable for me to light up Cumming's Point and Sumter? It was too late last night for me to do so after I ascertained there was no objection to its being done.

GILLMORE,

General.

OFF MORRIS ISLAND, August 28, 1863-4.40 p.m.

General GILLMORE:

I have no objections, but the contrary. My chief pilot informs me a gale is coming on, and I am coming the creek.

DAHLGREN,

Admiral.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP ON FOLLY ISLAND, August 28, 1863.

Captain BALCH,Commanding U. S. Sloop-of-war Pawnee.

CAPTAIN: My scouts found the enemy this morning, about 6 or 7 o'clock, as they say, in force, which probably means considerable numbers. I will endeavor to show you, by the map, the position the enemy's lines occupy. Begin at a point on the Stono River, on the parallel of about 32 40' 20"; then move, perpendicular to the left bank of the river, until you come to the large creek that runs into Folly River, opposite White House. All along the little stream that makes out from this creek toward Stono, their pickets, cavalry and infantry, are thickly posted, their main reserve seeming to be in the piece of woods just north of the inlet.

Some of my men went up the creek that leads from Stono River into White House Creek, as I will call it, and were fired upon in the large open marshy place into which the creek enlarges just before it runs into White House Creek. Other men went up the inlet that runs from Folly River in a northwesterly direction, entering Folly River just before you come to White House Creek. They left their boat and, crossing a piece of woods through which the parallel of 32 40' runs, saw the enemy's picket in strong force on the north side of the inlet, and were fired on from there.

They retreated to their boat, and saw at the sometime a large boat, filled with rebels, in pursuit. They reached the mouth of the creek and got into Folly River just a little ahead of the rebels, who took

