
the cut-off from White House Creek, and pursued them until they [the rebels] came in sight of our pickets on Folly Island.

If the rebels are in force on the line I have attempted to indicate, you can easily reach them with your large guns or small ones. I have given such directions that your boats will not be troubled on Folly River during the daytime. Please let me know if I have made the position of things intelligible to you. I shall send out again to-morrow, and always endeavor to know the whereabouts of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. GORDON,

Brigadier General, Commanding U. S. Forces, South End Folly Island.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, No. 70. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 29, 1863.

I. Captain C. B. Reese, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, is hereby announced as assistant and consulting engineer on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding the department. All orders connected with the administration of the engineer service will be transmitted through him, and he will have control of the collection and fissure of all engineer material.

II. Lieutenant Colonel Ed. W. Smith, assistant adjutant-general, is hereby announced as assistant adjutant-general of the Tenth Army Corps and Department of the South.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ISRAEL R. SEALLY,

Captain,47th New York Vols., Act. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, North End Folly Island, S. C., August 29, 1863.

Colonel W. W. H. DAVIS,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: A dispatch just received from Morris Island from General Vogdes orders that you move your brigade to Morris Island as speedily as possible. You will take all effective men, grand guards, and company at landing. The baggage, extra and daily duty men, teamsters, servants, &amp;c., will remain behind for the present.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. McHENRY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORRIS ISLAND, August 29, 1863-3.55 p.m.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

Have you any operations on foot in which I can aid you in any way? Will you be on board your ship between 6 and 7 this evening?

GILLMORE,

General.

