
MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., August 30, 1863.

General G. W. CULLUM,

U. S. Volunteers:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I placed all the reporters under arrest when I received General Halleck's orders to do so. I found, however, that there were men on board the gunboats, or rather a man, who gave more important information than any of the reporters on land, and that the end in view could not be accomplished by literally carrying out the terms of the order. I have, therefore, retained the representatives of the press here until I could report to you, which I now do, unofficially.

Unless all reporters operating here can be restrained, no good can be secured by half-way measures.

The individual I refer to is Mr. Fulton, of the Baltimore American. I think he represents the Post-Office Department in some way or another. I make no suggestions.

Sincerely, your friend,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 31, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, directing me to state if I furnished the information which the Boston Transcript stated was derived from me.*

In reply, I would state that no such information was furnished by me. The reporter who made up the account in question has since stated to editor that he did not obtain from me the information therein published. While in Boston I was in the Transcript office, and conversing with a friend in relation to the behavior of the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Regiment [colored] at the charge on Fort Wagner, July 18.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. JACKSON,

Colonel Third New Hampshire Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 1, 1863.

With this explanation, Colonel Jackson will be released from arrest and return to his duties.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., August 31, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that by Paragraph III, Special Orders, No. 324, headquarters of the Army, Adjutant-Gen-

---------------

*See Gillmore to Halleck, August 7, p.39.

---------------

