
eral's Office, July 21, 1863, I am instructed to direct the detachment of Company C, First U. S. Artillery, serving in this department, to join their company at Fort Macon, N. C.

The detachment on duty here comprises nearly the whole company, an officer and a few men only being at Fort Macon. The men have been for a long time on duty with the ordnance department, and their services there are literally indispensable at this time.

As it necessary that their officers' and company papers should be with them in order that the men may receive their pay, I respectfully request that permission be granted me to retain the detachment, and that the remainder of the company be ordered here.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MORRIS ISLAND, August 31, 1863-8 a.m.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

I have no information that Cumming's Point is being strengthened by the enemy. We dismounted their heavy gun looking toward Wagner three days ago.

GILLMORE,

General.

OFF MORRIS ISLAND, August 31, 1863-7 p.m.

General GILLMORE:

I understand from my chief pilot that you will be able, day after to-morrow, to open and sustain a heavy fire on Sumter. I shall, therefore, postpone, at least for to-night, an intended movement.

DAHLGREN,

Admiral.

MORRIS ISLAND, August 31, 1863-10 p.m.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

I regret that any verbal report from your chief lot has caused the postponement of any intended movement, when time is of such great value to the enemy in increasing the batteries on Sullivan's Island. Sumter did not fire on the monitors while they were in range to-day. I will open on Sumter to-morrow with five heavy guns, including two in the naval battery.

The Witworth guns are of no use, and can be taken away.

GILLMORE,

General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, No. 131. Morris Island, S. C., August 31, 1863.

I. The Third U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel B. C. Tilghman commanding, are hereby relieved, from duty in the trenches, under the direction of Major T. B. Brooks, and will hereafter be subject to such details as the commanding officer of the brigade may direct.

