
ship, with a memorandum setting forth briefly the plan of operations, which I propose for your approval. The cutting off of the enemy's communications with this island forms an important element in this plan, and I hope it may commence to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Morris Island, S. C., September 3, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,Commanding U. S. Forces, South End of Folly Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: A non-commissioned officer, formerly employed as a lookout on the tall tower near Pawnee Landing, but who has been kept at Morris Island for the past month, was sent back to Folly Island two days ago, with instructions to make the most careful observations of the enemy's camps and works on James Island, and to report to me any change that has taken or is taking place.

He says that the enemy is constructing a battery on James Island, near the Stono River, probably at the spot where General Terry debarked his troops in making his demonstration last July.

As I have had no report from you that works of that character were going on there, I am led to entertain doubts as to the correctness of this report. Please make at once any reconnaissance that may be necessary to place you in possession of the facts, and report the same to me with the least possible delay.

Captain Balch, U. S. Navy, commanding the navy forces in the Stono, will doubtless cheerfully furnish you with all needful assistance and co-operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS SOUTH END OF FOLLY ISLAND, September 3, 1863.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE:

GENERAL: I have received your communication of this day's date, and immediately ordered a reconnaissance to proceed up the left bank of the Stono River, to the position where General Terry landed last July, to ascertain if the rebels are erecting a battery there.

As near as I understand this position it is about on the parallel of 32 42 30'.

You say as I had not reported any such work going on, and the corporal had, you were led to doubt the corporal. My picket line on Cole's Island has been across the parallel of 32 39' 50", or thereabouts. I have made frequent reconnaissances to the line of 32 40' 10", and been fired upon by the enemy, who is reported to occupy in force a line north of the little inlet on the parallel of 32 40' 20", a line running from Secessionville Creek to Stono River. I have also had the report, and given it to you in conversation that I believe the rebels were erecting a battery there, to which you replied, "We cannot help

