
it; they cannot help us erecting batteries, nor can we them," and this I thought quite likely.

I had supposed the navy would keep the banks of the Stono well watched, and report any change that might take place, and I did not know you expected me to examine the banks of Stono River as far up as where Terry landed. The much greater facilities with which the navy can move, being unimpeded by inlets that run into Stono, render their watchfulness quite as efficient as ours. Of course they can always take up with them, in boats or otherwise, a competent force to land and go inward if necessary.

I will report to you at once upon the return of General Schimmelfennig.

I am, general, with great respect,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 3, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The steamer Spaulding is just in from Charleston Harbor, bringing mails and dispatches from General Gillmore and Admiral Dahlgren, which I am sending to Baltimore by bearer of dispatches, so that they may be received to-morrow. Mr. Fulton, the proprietor of the Baltimore American, comes as passenger, with a dispatch for Mr. Fox, Assistant Secretary of the Navy, which I give you verbatim, as follows:

FORT MONROE, VA., September 3, 1863.

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

Steamship Spaulding arrived from Morris Island. Sailed noon, Monday. Passengers, Commander Downes, Lieutenant Harmony, of the Nahant, sent north by medical survey. Commodore Davis ordered to the Nahant. Stormy weather for ten days had checked naval operations. All in readiness awaiting favorable weather. Wednesday night the admiral went up to Sumter with monitors, Ironsides, Mahaska, and Ottawa, but, the storm increasing, was compelled to return at 3 o'clock. Moultrie discovered the movement and fired on Patapsco. On Monday, when the Spaulding sailed, the Weehawken was up, shelling Gregg. Rebels raised another gun on the ruins of Sumter Saturday. Sunday, island batteries renewed bombardment of Sumter, dismounting guns and damaging the front parapet, now a useless ruin. Monitor Lehigh arrived Sunday afternoon. Fine condition; passed through terrible storm, but behaved admirably. Steamer Home also arrived Sunday. Operations of General Gillmore progressing with great vigor. His approaches so close Wagner combatants throwing stones and hand-grenades. On Wednesday drove the enemy from rifle-pits on the left advance line 100 yards, and captured 78 prisoners, including 2 officers. Mounting new guns all around the island, many of them to shell the city. Monitors weathering storm, well inside the bar, anchors holding. The admiral is in good spirits and confident of success.

C. C. FULTON.

In addition, I have gleaned some particulars which I judge may be interesting to you, and therefore send. The assault, which the Richmond papers of the 29th reported to have taken place on Wednesday night, the 28th, and to have been repulsed, was in reality an attack on the enemy's rifle-pits on Vinegar Hill, in front of Gen-

