
eral Gillmore's left, and was completely successful. General Gillmore took the rifle-pits, with prisoners, &amp;c., and by this advanced his left flank about 100 yards. His approaches are now within 40 yards of the ditch of Fort Wagner, and our miners are within hearing of the enemy's miners, who are believed to be countermining. Fort Wagner now fires but seldom, having only one or two heavy guns in use. The rest of her armament consists of light guns, which are used with effect to repel assaults. Battery Gregg and Fort Johnson, together with a battery called Simkins, erected by the rebels on James Island, close to the woods near Secessionville, give the most trouble. These batteries on James Island fire at intervals both night and day, but with trifling effect on our batteries and men.

On Saturday morning last the rebels brought a schooner-load of cotton-bales to Fort Sumter, and erected a battery for one gun on the right-shoulder angle, opening fire from it about dark. General Gillmore opened his batteries at daybreak on Sunday, and by the time the Spaulding left, the gun, cotton-bales, and all had been swept away. Fort Sumter is now a mass of ruins, with no guns serviceable.

General Gillmore is understood to be erecting new batteries as rapidly as possible to counterbalance the rebel batteries on James Island, and also to throw shells into Charleston. It is reported that several of the 200-pounder Parrotts have burst, but that the 100-pounder Parrotts stood well. The gun in the Marsh Battery, erected to throw shells into Charleston, burst, and has been replaced by sea-coast mortars. Several torpedoes have burst under the monitors, but produced little effect. Fort Moultrie has tried to shell our batteries and troops on Morris Island, but most of the shells fall short in the water.

The health of the troops is reported to be much improved by the cool weather attending the late storm, which has been favorable to the work on shore, but unfavorable to the operations by water. the force on shore seems to be ample. Six deserters from Fort Moultrie report much dissatisfaction existing among the North Carolina regiments at Charleston; also, that all the shots from our batteries that go over the wall fired at strike the northwest wall in reverse, going through that wall and falling into the water beyond.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFF MORRIS ISLAND, September 5, 1863-4.50 a.m.

General GILLMORE:

Shall the Ironsides then begin the attack, as was agreed upon?

DAHLGREN,

Admiral.

MORRIS ISLAND, September 5, 1863-5.05 a.m.

Admiral DAHLGREN:

Yes, let her begin in the morning. She should fire well to the right, so as to avoid our trenches.

GILLMORE,

General.

6 R R - VOL XXVIII, PT II

