
As for any question between yourself and General Gillmore, that is no concern of mine. General Gillmore is abundantly able to take care of his own part.

I believe that the visit of your steamer coincided with another event which admits of considerable explanation. That night one of the few escapes through the blockade occurred. The captain of the steamer is, if I am correctly informed, the person charged with having allowed our men to be fired at in the water. If he falls into my hands I will give him an opportunity of disproving the charge.

So you perceive that this demand for explanation ends where such usually do, and I suppose will be considered as offensive as the original grievance, which is certainly not intended.

I am unable to perceive why you choose to communicate with me through your chief of staff and the commander of Fort Sumter, instead of addressing me directly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding S. Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 74. In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., September 11, 1863.

I. Furloughs, not to exceed thirty days, will be granted at these headquarters, upon the recommendation of regimental commanders, to enlisted men who have been distinguished for gallantry or good conduct in the present campaign.

The number granted in each regiment will not exceed 2 per cent. of the force present for duty on the day of application.

Each application will be required to bear the certificate of the commanding officer that it is not in excess of the above percentage.

These furloughs will be granted to 2 enlisted men from each company and detachment serving the batteries on Morris Island, upon the recommendation of the company or detachment commander, without regard to the number present for duty.

II. Enlisted men will in no case be allowed to occupy the place of commissioned officers, on parade, inspection, or any occasion of ceremony. A recommendation for promotion to the rank of commissioned officer will not be regarded as entitling an enlisted man to exercise authority or to wear the uniform or occupy the place in line of a commissioned officer.

A non-commissioned officer will not exercise authority over another who is his senior by date of appointment. Commissioned and non-commissioned officers will be required on all occasions when on duty to wear the appropriate badges and arms of their rank or grade, as prescribed by regulations.

III. All officers and agents doing duty in the subsistence department in the Department of the South will report, in writing, on the last day of each month, to Lieutenant Colonel M. R. Morgan, chief commissary of subsistence, their station and the nature of their duties for the month.

By order of Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

