HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS, Camp Rodman, Morris Island, September 12, 1863-8 p.m.

Captain A. TERRY,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I submit my report as general officer of the day for the twenty-four hours now closing.

The grand guard immediately commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel McConihe, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York, field officer of trenches, was posted as follows: Lieutenant Birdsall, 1 officer and 75 men, in Fort Gregg; Captain Stevens, One hundred and twelfth New York, on picket between Gregg and Wagner at night, with 75 men; Lieutenant-Colonel Carpenter, One hundred and twelfth New York, with portions of One hundred and twelfth, One hundred and seventeenth, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York, 258 men, in Wagner; and the balance under Major Burton, Thirteenth Indiana, between the second parallel and Wagner. A lieutenant and 30 men were on guard at the first parallel. The requisite changes were made at daylight.

Additional guards on the right of the sixth parallel and on the east side of Wagner were rendered necessary to check straggling, as I personally sent back to their places in the trenches several squads of men, some without equipments or coats, wandering up to Wagner for curiosity. Some had and some had not obtain pretended leave even of their company commanders. Aside from other considerations, the humanity of the orders against straggling is evident, for of the half dozen casualties that came to my knowledge-3 being fatal injuries-several happened to men wholly out of place.

Four oil-lanterns were promptly furnished for Fort Wagner upon my application to yourself. It will be necessary to send up oil.

A police party-it would save trouble and clashing if the engineer officer would take it directly from their fatigue detail-should immediately remove and bury a large quantity of refuse animal and vegetable matter lying about the fort, hoe and sweep out the bomb-proof, and carefully scatter a good quantity of chloride of lime. Unpleasant sights and smells are too common there. Some powder lies about in limber chests, too.

The enemy's artillery chiefly played upon Gregg and vicinity, though there were many vicious shots sent toward Wagner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. HAWLEY,

Colonel Seventh Connecticut Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 13, 1863.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Department of the South, Morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: It gives me great pleasure to forward the inclosed appointment of major-general of volunteers. No promotion has been more handsomely earned. You have done everything that you proposed and everything that was hoped or expected. It now only remains for the navy to carry out their part of the programme.

I heartily congratulate you on your distinguished success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

