
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

In the Field, Morris Island, S. C.,

September 15, 1863.

It is with no ordinary feelings of gratification and pride that the brigadier-general commanding is enabled to congratulate this army upon the signal success which has crowned the enterprise in which it has been engaged. Fort Sumter is destroyed. The scene where our country's flag suffered its first dishonor your made the theater of one of its proudest triumphs.

The fort has been in the possession of the enemy for more than two years; has been his pride and boast; has been strengthen by every appliance known to military science, and has defied the assaults of the most powerful and gallant fleet the world ever saw; but it has yielded to your courage and patient labor. Its walls are now crumbled to ruins, its formidable batteries are silenced, and, though a hostile flag still floats over it, the fort is a harmless and helpless wreck.

Forts Wagner and Gregg, works rendered memorable by their protracted resistance and the sacrifice of life they have cost, have also been wrested from the enemy by your persevering courage and skill, and the graves of your fallen comrades rescued from desecration and contumely.

You now hold in undisputed possession the whole of Morris Island, and the city and harbor of Charleston lie at the mercy of your artillery from the very spot where the first shot was fired at your country's flag and the rebellion itself was inaugurated.

To you, the officers and soldiers of this command, and to the gallant navy which has co-operated with you, are due the thanks of your commander and your country. You were called upon to encounter untold privations and dangers, to undergo unremitting and exhausting labors, to sustain severe and disheartening reverses. How nobly your patriotism and zeal have responded to the call, the results of the campaign will show and your commanding general gratefully bears witness.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., September 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Can you get the steamer McClellan ordered here to report to me? I want a steamer just like her very much.

She leaves for the north to-day, having brought down ordnance stores.

Sincerely, your friend,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]

SEPTEMBER 21, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General for remark.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

