HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., September 22, 1863.

Major-General PECK,Commanding at New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Wild's brigade arrived here from North Carolina destitute of almost everything necessary for field service, excepting their arms, having been compelled by the haste in which they moved to leave behind their knapsacks, camp equipage, and the officers' horses and baggage. I have detailed two officers from the brigade to go to New Berne for this property, and have furnished a steamer for the special purpose. I respectfully request that you will afford them such facilities as may be in your power to enable them to obtain the property and return immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, In the Field, Morris Island, S. C., September 24, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your complimentary letter forwarding my appointment of major-general of volunteers.

I am pleased that my services here have been appreciated by my superiors.

A letter is herewith transmitted,* which I desire you to lay before the honorable Secretary of War, with such indorsement as you may deem proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 26, 1863.

Major-General GILLMORE,

Morris island, S. C.:

GENERAL: The Quartermaster-General reports that all the steamers on the line from New York to New Orleans, excepting the McClellan, have been taken off for the use of General Banks, and that if this vessel should be sent to you now the line must be entirely broken up, which would cause great inconvenience to the service, as there are no vessels of this class to replace her.

Perhaps General Banks may soon release some of the vessels detained by him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*Relating to the change of date of his commission.

---------------

