
FORT MONROE, VA., September 27, 1863. [Received 10 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The steamer Spaulding has just arrived from Charleston, which place she left at 8 p.m. on Thursday, the 24th. The captain reports nothing new. The batteries on Cumming's Point were rapidly approaching completion, and guns were being mounted. The enemy fire at intervals from their batteries on Sullivan's and James Islands. The 300-pounder Parrott has again burst at the muzzle. The new 300-pounder Parrott is not yet landed. The Arago was to sail after the Spaulding, with mails, &amp;c., for New York, where she should arrive on Tuesday morning.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOLLY ISLAND, September 28, 1863.

Brigadier General SCHIMMELFENNIG,Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: General Gordon desires you to endeavor to ascertain, by scouts and skillful observation on Cole's Island, if any change has taken place on James Island in the position of the enemy; also if any addition has been made to his force. He thinks it probable that the force marching through Secessionville, as reported by General Vogdes' officer, was nothing more that an increased guard at night over their position in front of Secessionville. If it was an unusual force, it may have been caused by the landing of marines at the south end of Cole's Island, of which, as well as all movements in this direction, the enemy are undoubtedly cognizant. The general further wishes you the strengthen the position on Kiawah, this side of the first creek that divides the island, by abatis and by excavating rifle-pits in rear.

On Cole's Island, on our side of the bridge which separates us from the enemy, the general desires a shelter of logs thrown up, with abatis to cover the approach to the bridge, and the bridge rendered entirely impassable, if not so already.

The general has directed the quartermaster to furnish any facility for constructing a landing for Kiawah.

Detail an intelligent officer to superintend the work immediately.

We should know more of James Island, but can only do it at present through a secret reconnaissance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. GRAY, JR.,

Second Lieutenant, Actq. Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 546. In the Field, Folly Island, S. C., September 28, 1863.

IX. Colonel F. A. Osborn, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, will proceed with his regiment to Saint Augustine, and assume command of that post.

