THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XXXI
act for the relief of the heirs of Sergeant Major John
Qhampe.
The full amount of five years' commutation pay of an en-
sign of infantry in the army of the Revolution"to the chil-
dren of Seigeant Major John Champe, Jute of the army
of the Revolution, (Lee's Legion.)—Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Doctor Clark LiUybridge.
For services performed as physician m the Cheiokee emi-
gration.— [Indefinite.]
An act for the relief of Thomas N. Newell.
The extra expenses incurred by him for board and attend-
ance, incuired between the second February and the sixth
April, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, in consequence
of a wound received on board of the frigate Java, in the
discharge of his duty, while at Port Mabon.—-[Indefinite.]
Aa act for the benefit of James Williams.
For services rendered and money advanced and paid by said
James Williams, while acting as jailor under Henry Ash-
ton, and which had not been paid or credited to the said
Henry Asliton.—[Indefinite.]
Jin act for the relief of William T. Walthall.
For his services as acting professor of mathematics from
the twenty-fourth day of May, Anno Dommf eighteen
hundred and foity-three, to the twenty-fifth day of Feb-
ruaiy, Anno Domini eighteen hundred and forty-five, in-
clusive ; and the amounts allowed and paid by the pui£>er
of the frigate Brandywme, 011 account of liis board and
medicine and medical aftondence at Hong Kong,in China.
—[Indefinite.]
Jin, act for the relief of George B. Russell and others.
For bread, meat, and clothing, furnished the Cherokee In-
dians, to induce them to accept Ridge's? treaty, and undei
the appointment and authority of Benjamin F. Curry,
superintendent of Cherokee removals.—[Indefinite ]
Jin act Jor the relief of Mary Se*ar, and for the relief of
Elisha Demson, administrator oj Phenix Carpenter Ellis.
To pay Elisha Denisou, of New York, administiator of
Phenix Caipmter Ellis, deceased, the amount of pension
payable to said.Phenix Carpenter Ellis from the fouith
day of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, to the
seventh day ot Deeeinbei,oi the same year.—[Indefinite.]
Jin act for the relief of W. P. S. Sanger and George F. dela
Roche.
For expenses incurred, in obedience to an order from the
Navy D/partincnt, dated October thirty, eighteen hundred
and foity-lhiee, directing them to make the surveys and
examinations required by the actof third Maich, eighteen
hundred and forty-tliree, 111 reference to the construction
of a dry-dock at New York.—[indefinite ]
Jin act for the relief of Captain James Pennoyer.
As a full and complete compensation for his sei vices in saving
the brig Porpoise, hor officers and ciew.—[Indefinite.]
Jin act for the relief of the estates of Be/tfaniia Metoyer ami
Frangois Gaiennie, deceased.
To adjust and «ettle the el 11m upon the said estates aforesaid,
in behalf of the United States, and to discharge such claims
upon such terms as he shall Unnk most lor tin. interest of
the United Status*.—[Indefinite.]
Joint reso'utun authorizing and directing the examination
and settlement ofthp claims of Alexander M. Cummin*.
To examine and audit the claims of Alexander M. Cam-
ming, of New Jersey, late mail contractor on routes nine
hundred and iitty-oue, and nine hundtcd and titty-two
between the cities of Philadelphia and Nmv York be-
tween the v< ars eighteen hundred and thirty-five'and
eighteen hundred and thirty-nine.—[Indefinite.]
Joint resolution for the settlement of the accounts of Purser
G. R. Barry.
To settle the accounts of the United States ship Boston,
Capt.ua Pemkigiast, ami pass to the credit of the purser
G. R. Barry, the items charged to him 111 the reconciling
statement of his accounts —[Indefinite.] 0
Ji joint resolution to refuiul money to the States which have
supplied volunteers andfumibhc'l them transportation durin«/
the -present war before hein« mustered and received into the
ser nee of the United State?.
The amount of expenses incurred by them in organizing,
subsisting, and transporting volunteers previous to thnr
being mustered and received into the service of the Uni-
ted States for th<e present war, and for subsisting troops in
the service of the United States, without waiting for de-
ductions to be made from the pay of the said volunteers ~
[Indefinite.]
Joint resolution for the relief of William B. Stokes, surviving
partner of John N. C. Stockton and Company.
For carryingthe mail in the year eighteen hundred and thirty-
six, on the lower or Florida route, in consequence of the
interruption of the mad by the Cieek hostilities on the
upper route, such compensation as shall be established to
be an adequate remuneiation tor the same, taking into
consideration the value of the services performed, and
the loss to the said contractors by the exclusion of passen-
gers, as directed by the then Postmaster General.—[In-
definite.]
Joint resolution for the relief of M. Jl. Price and E. Jl.
White.
To pay to the said Price and White the same rate of com-
pensation from the first day of January to the first day of
February,-eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, as was
allowed and paid them from the first of June to the thirty-
first of December, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven.—
[Indefinite.]
RECAPITULATION.
For the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government §4,442,790 87
For the support of the army and volunteers....32,178,461 88
For the support of the navy    9,307,958 10
For the support of the Post Office Department. 4,145,400 00
For the support of the Indian Department  1,364,204 95
For the support of the Military Academy  1-24.906 00
For building and equipping steamships  I.OjO.OOO 00
For revolutionary and other pensions  1,35s,700 00
For concluding peace with Mexico  3,000.000 00
For the erection of light-houses    518,£30 00
Miscellaneous  540,943 13
Total $57,962,o;5 93
OFFICERS CHEATED AND THE SALARIES THERE-
OF.
By the act authorising the i<.$ue of treasury notes, a loan, and
for other purposes.
Five additional clerks in the office of the Treasurer and
Register of the Treasury, (salaries per annum,) $1,200.
By the act to raise for a limited time an additional military
force, mid for other jrurposes.
Officers for one regiment of dragoons and nine regiment®
of infantry, who shall receive the same pay, rations, and
allowances as are provided under the existing laws.
One additional major to cach regiment of diagoons, artil-
lery, infantry, and riflemen.
One regimental quartermaster to each regiment of dra-
goons, artiih'iy, infantry, and nflemen, who «hall betaken
from the subaltern-*, wiio shall receive ten dollars additional
pay pur month, and forage for two horses.
One surgeon and two assistant surgeons to each legiment
raised under this act.
One chaplain to each brigade of regular or volunteer forces
who shall receive $>750, one ration, and foiage for one hoise,
per annum.
Two additional surgeons, and twelve assistant surgeons,
who shall receive the same pay and allowances of officers
of the same grade respectively.
Four qu.irtermasteis of the rank of major.
Ten assistant quartermasters with the rank of captain.
By the uct to establish a court at Key West, in the State oj
Florida, and for other purposes.
One district judge, (salary per annum,) §2.000.
One clerk who shall receive the same fees to which the
clerk of the Louisiana district is entitledforsimilai service?.
One attorney for the United States, who shall leceive sta-
ted fees, and in addition $200.
One marshal who shall be entitled to the same fees as are
allowed to the marshal for the district of Louisiana, and in
addition $200.
By the act to establish a land district in the northern part of
Michigan, and to provide for the sale of the mineral lands
in the St-xte of Michigan.
One register who fehall receive such compensation as is
prescribed by law.
One receiver who shall receive such compensation as is
prescribed by law.
By the act for the increase of the marine corps of the United
States.
Four captains, four first lieutenants, and four second lieu-
tenants.
By the act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Governinent for the year ending the thirtieth day
of June, 1S43, and for other purposes.
One clerk in the office of the Second Comptroller,*$1,200.
Two clerks 111 the office of the First Auditor, each ,-§1,150.
Three clerks in the office of the Second Auditoi,each
$1,150.
Two clerks in the office of the Fourth Auditor, each
$ J .000.
Two clerks in the bounty land bureau of the Pension
Office, each $1,000.
One elerk in the office of the assistant treasurer in the
city of New York, from March 1,1847, $1,500.
rPen additional clerks, under the act of August 6, 3846,
each $800.
One assistant surveyor of the Greensburg district, in the
State of Louisiana, $1,000.
One assistant surveyor in the State ofFlorida, §1,000.
By the act making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending the thirtieth June, 1848.
Thirteen assistant surgeons, each $950.
One pyrotechnist, $1,500.
One clerk in the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing,
$1,000. ^ ^
By the act to create an additional land district in the Territory
of Wisconsin, and for other -purposes.
One register who shall receive such compensation as is
now allowed by law.
One receiver who shall receive such compensation as is
now allowed by faw.
By the act to establish a port of entry at Saluria,inthe State
of Texas, and for other purposes.
One collector to reside at Saluria, $1,250,
One surveyor to reside at Matagorda, $600.
One survey or to reside at Labaca, $600.
One surveyoi to reside at Copano, §500.
One surveyor to reside at Corpus Chusti, $500.
One deputy smrveyoi to teside at Sabine, $£1,000.
One deputy surveyor to reside at Aransas,Vees.
By the act creating a collection district in Maine an-1 constituting
Bangor, in said district, a port of entiy and delivery.
One collector of customs, fees.
By the act making provision for an additional number of gen-
eral officers, awl for other purposes.
Two major generals.
Three brigadier generals.
One assistant adjutant eeneral with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a lieutenant colonel of cavalry.
Two assistant adjutant generals with the brevet rank, pay,
and emoluments of a captain of cavalry.
Two deputy paymaster generals with the pay and allow-
ances of a deputy quarternmstei general.
Ten paymasters with the pay and allowances of paymas-
ters of the army.
Two captains of ordnance with the pay and allowances of
officers ot that grade.
Six first heutonant> of ordnance with the same pay and
allowances of officers of thatgiade.
By the art to amend an act entitled iCJ1n act to provide for the
better organization of the Department of Indian Affairs."
and an act entitled "Jin act to regulate trade andintet course
tcith the Indian fiiba, and to preserve peace on lite fron-
tlets," approved Junethirtieth, 1834, and jor other,- purposes.
One special agent of Indian affairs.
One interpreter.
OFFICERS WHOSE SALARIES ARE INCREASED.
By the art making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending the thirtieth of June.
1848. J 9
The salary of the assistant messengers of the Post Office
Department increased to $450.
By the act making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the ye<ir ending the thirtieth
day of June, 1848, and for other purposes.
The salary of the chief clerk in the office of the Solicitor
of the Treasury, increased to $1,600.
The salary of the cleik in the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral increased from March 1, 1847, $600.
The salary of the Treasuter of the United States Mint at
Philadelphia increased $,'500.
The salary of the Treasurer of the United States bianch
mint at New Orleans increased $500.
The salary of the Surveyor General of Wisconsin and
Iowa increased #500.
The salary of the Surveyoi Geneial of Arkansas increased
$500.
By the act to amend an act entitled uJin act to provide for the
better organization of the Department of Indian JiJjmrs,"
and an act entitled l'-Jln act to regulate trade and inter-
course vnth the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the
frontier," approved June 30, 1834, and jor other purposes.
The salary of the chief cleik of the office of Indian Affairs
increased $100.
The salary of one clerkship increased $200.
