THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
The war has been represented as unjust and un-
necessary, and as one of aggression on our part
upon a weak and injured enemy. Such erroneous
views, though entertained by but few, have been
■widely and extensively circulated not only at home,
but have been spread throughout Mexico and the
whole world. A more effectual means could not
have been devised to encourage the enemy and
protract the war than fo advocate and adhere to
their cause, and thus give them "aid and com-
fort,"
It is a source of national pride and exultation,
that the great body of our people have thrown no
such obstacles in the way of the Government in
prosecuting the war successfully, but have shown
themselves ro be eminently patriotic, and ready to
vindicate their country's honor and interests at
any sacrifice. The alacrity and promptness with
which our volunteer forces rushed to the field on
their country's cali, prove not only their patriotism,
bur their deep conviction that our cause is just.
The wrongs which we have suffered from Mexi-
co, almost ever since she became an independent
Power, and the patient endurance with which we
have borne them, are without a parallel in the his-
tory of modern civilized nations. There is reason
to believe that if these wrongs had been resented
and resisted in the first instance, the present war
might have been avoided. One outrage, however,
permitted to pass with impunity, almost necessa-
rily encouraged the perpetration of another, until
at last Mexico seemed to attribute to weakness and
indecision on our part a forbearance which was
the offspring of magnanimity, and of a sinceie
desire to pieserve fiiendly relations with a sister
Republic.
Scarcely had Mexico achieved her independence,
which the United States were the first among the
nations to acknowledge, when she commenced the
system of insult ami spoliation, which she lias ever
since pursued. Our citizens, engaged in lawful
commerce, were imprisoned, their vessels seized, !
and our flag insulted m her ports. If money was
wanted, the lawless seizure and confiscation of our 1
merchant vessels and their cargoes was a ready
resource; and if, to accomplish their purposes, it
be cam c necessary to impuson the owners, cap-
  tains, and crews, it was done. Rulers superseded
rulers in ?v!exieo in rapid succession, but still there
was no change in this system of depredation. The
Government of the. United States made repeated
reclamations on behalf of its citizens, but these
were answered by the perpetration of new out-
rages. Promises of redress, nlade by Mexico in ;
the most solemn forms, were postponed or evaded.
The files and records of the Department of Stat*
contain conclusive proofs* of numerous lawless acts j
perpetrated upon the property and person? of our !
citizens by Mexico, and of wanton insults to our ]
national flag. The interposition of our Govern- j
ment to obtain redress was again and again in- |
voked, under circumstances which no nation ought |
to disregard. i
It was hoped that these outrages would cease, '
and that Mexico uoulri be restuuned by the laws j
which regulate the conduct of civilized nations in
their intercourse with each other after the treaty j
of amity, commerce, and navigation, of the 5th of i
April, 1H31, was conducted between the two Re- [
publics; hut this hope soon proved to be vain, j
The course of seizure and confiscation of the
property of our citizens, the violation of their per-
sons and the insults to our flag pursued by Mexi-
co previous to that time, were scarcely suspended
for even a brief period, although the treaty so •
clearly defines the rights arid duties of the respec-
tive parties that it is impossible to misunderstand i
or mistake them. In iess than seven years after ;
the conclusion of that treaty our grievances had 1
become so intolerable that, in the opinion of Presi-
dent Jackson, they should no longer be endured. {
In his message to Congress m February, 183", j
he presented them to the consideration of that '
body, and declined that "the length of time!
' since some of tbe injuries have been committed,
' the repeated and unavailing applications for re- I
' dress, the wanton character of some of the out-
' rages upon the property and persons of our citi- I
' zens, upon the officers and Hag of the united '
'.States, independent of recent insults to this Gov- j
' eminent and people by the late extraordinary j
' Mexican Minister, would justify in the eyes of i
' all nations immediate war.''' In a spirit of kind- j
ness and foroearance, however, lie recommended '
reprisals as a milder mode of redress. He de-
clared that war should not be used as a remedy
" by just and generous nations, confiding in their
strength for injuries committed, if it can be honor-
ably avoided,'" and added, " it has occurred to
' me that, considering the present embarrassed, con-
' dition of that country, we should act with both
' wisdom and moderation, by giving to Mexico
' one more opportunity to atone for the past, be-
' fore we take redress into our own hands. To,
' avoid all misconception on the part of Mexico,
' as well as to protect our own national character
' from reproach, this opportunity should be given
' with the avowed design and full preparation to
' take immediate satisfaction, if it should not be
1 obtained on a repetition of the demand for it. To
' this end I recommend that an act be passed au-
' thorizing reprisals, and the use of the naval force
' of the United States, by the Executive, against
' Mexico, to enforce them in the event of a refusal
' by the Mexican Government to comc to an ami-
4 cable adjustment of the matters in controversy
' between us, upon another demand thereof, made
' from on board one of our vessels of war on the
' coast of Mexico."
Committees of both Houses of Congress, to
which this message of the President was referred,
fully sustained his views of the character of the
wrongs which we had suffered from Mexico, and
recommended that another demand for redress
should be made before authorizing war or repri-
sals. The Committee on Foreign Relations of the
Senate, in their report, say: "After such a de-
'inand, should prompt justice be refused by the
' Mexican Government, we may appeal to all lia-
' tions not only for the equity and moderation
' with which we shall have acted towards a sister
' Republic, but for the necessity which will then
' compel us to seek redress for our wrongs, either
' by actual war or by reprisals. The subject will
' then be presented before Congress, at the com-
' mencement of the next session, in a clear and
' distinct form; and the committee cannot doubt
' but that such measures will be immediately '
' adopted as may be necessary to vindicate the i
' honor of the country, and insure ample repara-
' Hon to our injured citizens."
The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
of Representatives made a similar recommenda-
tion. In their report, they say that they "fully
' concur with the President that ample cause ex-
' ists for taking redress into our own hands, and
' believe that we should be justified in the opinion
' of other nations for taking such a step. But they
' are willing to try the experiment of*another de-
' niand, made in the most solemn form, upon the
' justice of the Mexican Government, before any
' fui ther proceedings are adopted."
iNo difference of opinion upon the subject is be-
lieved to have existed in Congress at that time;
he executive and legislative departments con-
curred; and yet such has been our forbearance,
and desire to preserve peace with Mexico, that the
wrongs of which we then complained, and which
gave rise to these solemn proceedings, not only
remain unrediessed to this day, but additional
causes of complaint,.of an aggravated character,
have ever since been accumulating.
Shortly after these proceedings, a special mes-
senger was despatched to Mexico, to make a final
demand for redress; and on the twentieth of July,
1837, the demand was made. The reply of the
Mexican Government bears date on the twenty- !
ninth of the same month, and contains assurances
of the "anxious wish" of the Mexican Govern-
ment " not to delay the moment of that final and
' equitable adjustment which is to terminate the ex-
' istmg difficulties between the two Governments;"
that " nothing should be left undone which may
' contribute to the most speedy and equitable deter-
' mination of the subjects which have so seriously
' engaged the attention of the American Govern- j
'ment;" that the "Mexican Government would <
' adopt, as the only guides for its conduct, the 1
' plainest principles of public right, the sacred obli- ]
'gations imposed by international law, and the |
'religious faith of treaties;" and that " whatever
' reason and justice may dictate respecting each |
' case, will be done." The assurance was further !
given, that the decision of the Mexican Govern-
ment upon each cause of complaint, for which
redress had been .demanded, should be communi- |
cated to the Government of the United States by j
the Mexican Minister at Washington. i
These solemn assurances, in answer to our de-
mand for redress, were disregarded. By making
them, however, Mexico obtained further delay.
President Van Buren, in his annual Message to
Congress of the fifth of December, 1837, stat'es
that " although the larger number" of our de-
mands for redress, and "many of them aggravated
' cases of personal wrongs, have been now for
' years before the Mexican Government, and some
' of the causes of national complaint, and those of
' the most offensive character, admitted of immedi-
' ate, simple, and satisfactory replies, it is only
' within a few days past that any specific commu-
' nication in answer to our last demand, made five
' months ago, has been received from the Mexican
' Minister;" and that " for not one of our public
' complaints has satisfaction been given or offered;
' that but one of the cases of personal wrong has
' been favorably considered, and that but four cases
' of both descriptions, out of all those formally
'presented, and earnestly pressed, have as yet
' been decided upon by the Mexican Govern-
'ment." .President Van Buren, believing that it
would be vain to make any further attempt to ob-
tain redress by the ordinary means within the
power of the Executive, communicated this opin-
ion to Congress, in the message referred to, in
which he said: " On a careful and deliberate ex-
' animation of the contents, [of the corrcspond-
' ence with the MexicaivGovernment,] and consid-
' ering the spirit manifested by the Mexican
' Government, it has becomc my painful duty to
' return the subject as it now stands, to Congress,
' to whom it belongs, to decide upon the time, the
'mode, and the measure of redress." Had the
United States at that time adopted compulsory
measures, and taken redress into their own hands,
all our difficulties with Mexico would probably
have been long since adjusted, and the existing
war have been averted. Magnanimity and mod-
eration on our part only had the effect to compli-
cate these difficulties, and render an amicahle
settlement of them the more embarrassing. That
such measures of redress, under similar provoca-
tions, committed by any of the powerful nations
of Europe, would have been promptly resorted to
by the United States, cannot be doubted. Thf?
national honor, and the preservation of the national
character throughout the world, as well as our
own self-respect and the protection due to our
own citizens, would have rendered such a resort
indispensable. The history of no civilized nation
in modern times has presented within so brief a
period so many wanton attacks upon the honor of
its flag, and upon the property and persons of its
citizens, as had at that time been borne by the
United States from the Mexican authorities and
people. But Mexico was a sister republic, on the
North American continent, occupying a territory
contiguous to our own, and was in a feeble and
distracted condition; and these considerations, it is
presumed, induced Congress to forbear still longer.
Instead of taking redress into our own hands,
a new negotiation was entered upon with /air
promises on the part of Mexico, but with the real
purpose, as the event has proved, of indefinitely
postponing the reparation which we demanded,
and which was so justly due. This negotiation,
after more than a year's delay, resulted in the con-
vention of the eleventh of April, 1839, " for the
' adjustment of claims of citizens of the United
' States of America upon the Government of the
'Mexican Republic." The joint board of com-
missioners created by this convention to examine
and decide upon these claims was not organized
until the month of August, 1840, and under the
terms of the convention they were to terminate
their duties within eighteen months from that time.
Four of the eighteen months were consumed m
preliminary discussions on frivolous and dilatory
points raised by the Mexican commissioners; and
it was not until themonih of December, ]?t0, that
they commenced the examination of the claims of
our citizens upon Mexico. Fourteen months only
remained to examine and decide upon these nu-
merous and complicated cases. In the month of
February, 1843, the term of the commission ex
pired, leaving many claims undisposed of for want
of time. The claims which were allowed bv the
board, and by the umpire authorized by the"con-
vention to dccide in case of disagreement be-
tween the Mexican and American commissioners,
amounted to two million twenty-six thousand one
hundred and thirty-nine dollars and sixty-eight
