1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cents. There were pending before the umpire
when the commission expiied additional claims
•which had been examined and awarded by the-
American commissioners, and had not been allow-
ed by the Mexican commissioners, amounting to
nine hundred und twenty-eight thousand six hun-
dred and twenty-seven dollars and eighty-eight
cents, upon which he did not decide, alleging that
his authority had ceased with the termination of
the joint commission. Besides these claims, there
•were others of American citizens amounting to
three million three hundred and thirty-six thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-seven dollars and
five cents, which had been submitted to the board,
and upon which they had not time to decide before
their final adjournment.
The sum of two million twenty-six thousand
one hundred and thirty-nine dollars 'and sixty-
eight cents, which had been awarded to the claim-
ants, was a liquidated and ascertained debt due by
Mexico, about which there could be no dispute,
and which she was bound to pay according to the
terms of the convention.\ Soon after the final
awards for this amount had been made, the Mex-
ican Government asked for a postponement of the
time of making payment, alleging that it would be
inconvenient to make the payment at the time
stipulated. In the spirit of forbearing kindness
towards a sister republic, which Mexico has so
long abused, the United States promptly complied
with her request. A second convention was ac-
cordingly concluded between the two Govern-
ments on the thirtieth of January, 1843, which
upon its face declares that " this new arrangement
is entered into for the accommodation of Mexico."
By the terms of this convention, all the interest
due on the awards which had been made in favor
of the claimants under the convention of the
eleventh of April, 1839, was to be paid to them on
the thirtieth of April, 1843, and 44 the principal of
* the said awards, and the interest accruing there-
( on," was stipulated to "be paid in five years, in
equal instalments every three months." Notwith-
standing this new convention was entered into at
the request of Mexico, and for the purpose of re-
lieving her from embarrassment, the claimants
Jhave only received the interest due on the thirtieth
of April, 1843, and three of the twenty instalments.
Although the payment of the sum thus liquidated,
and confessedly due by Mexico to our citizens as
indemnity for acknowledged acts of outrage and
wrong, was secured by treaty, the obligations of
which are ever held sacred by all just nations, yet
Mexico has violated this solemn engagement by
failing and refusing to make the payment. The
two instalments due in April and July, 1844, under
the peculiar circumstances connected with them,
have been assumed by the United States and dis-
charged to the claimants, but they are still due by
Mexico. But this is not all of which we have just
cause of complaint. To provide a remedy for the
claimants whose cases were not decided by the
joint commission under the convention of April
the eleventh, 1839, it was expressly stipulated by
the sixth article of the convention of the thirtieth
of January, 1843, that " a new convention shall
4 be entered into for the settlement of all claims of
* the Government and citizens of the United States
' against the Republic of Mexico which were not
* finally decided by the late commission, which
4 met in the city of Washington, and of all claims
* of the Government and citizens of Mexico against
* the United States."
In conformity with this stipulation, a third con-
vention was concluded and signed at the city of
Mexico, on the twentieth of November, 1843, by
the plenipotentiaries of the two Governments, by
which provision was made for ascertaining and
paying these claims. In January, 1844, this con-
vention was ratified by the Senate of the United
States with two amendments, which were mani-
festly reasonable in their character. Upon a ref-
erence of the amendments proposed to the Govern-
ment of Mexico, the same evasions, difficulties, and
delays, were interposed which have so long marked
the policy of that Government towards the United
States. It has not even yet decided whether it
would or would not accede to them, although the
subject has been repeatedly pressed upon its con-
sideration.
Mexico has thus violated a second time the faith
of treaties, by failing or refusing to carry into effect
the sixth article of the convention of January, 1843.
' Such is the history of the wrongs which we
have suffered and patiently endured from Mexico
through a long series of years.1 So far from af-
fording reasonable satisfaction for the injuries and
'insults we had borne, a great aggravation of them
consists in the fact, that while the United States,
anxious to preserve a good understanding with
Mexico, have been constantly, but vainly, employ-
ed in seeking redress for past wrongs, new out-
rages were constantly occurring, which have con-
tinued to increase our causes of complaint and to
swell the amount of our demands. While the
citizens of the United States were conducting a
lawful commerce with-Mexico under the guaranty
of a treaty of " amity, commerce, and navigation,"
many of them have suffered all the injuries which
would have resulted from open war. This treaty,
instead of affording protection to our citizens, has
been the means of inviting them into the ports of
Mexico, that they might be, as tliey have been in
numerous instances, plundered of their property
and deprived of their personal liberty if they dared
insist on their rights. Had the unlawful seizures
of American property, and the violation of per-
sonal liberty of our citizens, to say nothing of
the insults to our flag which have occurred in the
ports of Mcxico, taken place on the high seas,
they would themselves long since have constituted
a state of actual war between the two countries.
In so long suffering Mexico to violate her most
solemn treaty obligations, plunder our citizens of
their property, and imprison their persons with-
out affording them any redress, we have failed to
perform one of the first and highest duties which
every Government owes to its citizens; and the
consequence has been, that many of them have
been reduced from a state of affluence to bankrupt-
cy. The proud name of American citizen, which
ought to protect all who bear it from insult and
injury throughout the world,has afforde^ no such
protection- to our citizens in Mexico. We had
ample cause of war against Mexico long before the
breaking out of hostilities.' But even then we for-
bore to take redress into our own hands, until
Mexico herself became the aggressor by invading
our soil in hostile array and shedding the blood of
our citizens.
Such are the grave causes of complaint on the
part of the United States against Mexico—causes
tyhich existed long before the annexation of Texas
to the American Union; and yet, animated by the
love of peace, and a magnanimous moderation, we
did not adopt those measures of redress which,
under such circumstances, are the justified resort
of injured nations.
Tlte annexation of Texas to the United States
constituted no just cause of offence to Mexico.
The pretext that it did so is wholly inconsistent
and irreconcilable with well-authenticated facts
connected with the revolution by which Texas
became independent of Mexico. That this may
be the more manifest, it may be proper to advert
to the causes and to the history of the principal
events of that revolution.
Texas constituted a portion of the ancient prov-
ince of Louisiana, ceded to the United States by
Prance in the year 1803. In the year 1819, the
United States, by the Florida treaty, ceded to
Spain all that part of Louisiana within the present
limits of Texas; and Mexico, by the revolution
which separated her from Spain, and rendered her
an independent nation, succeeded to the rights of
the mother country over this territory. In the j
year 1824, Mexico established a federal constitu-
tion, under which the Mexican republic was com-
posed of a number of sovereign States, confedera-
ted together in a federal Union similar to our own.
Each of these States had its own executive, legis-
lature, and judiciary, and, for all except federal
purposes, was as independent of the general gov-
ernment, and that of the other States, as is Penn-
sylvania or Virginia under our Constitution. Tex-
as and Coahuila, united and formed one of these
Mexican States, The State constitution which
they adopted, and which was approved by the
Mexican Confederacy, asserted that they were
" free and independent of the other Mexican Uni-
ted States, and of every other Power and domin-
ion whatsoever;" and proclaimed the great prin-
ciple of human liberty, that " the sovereignty of
4 the State resides originally and essentially in the
' general mass of the individuals who compose it."
To the government under this constitution, as
well as to that under the federal constitution, the
people of Texas owed allegiance.
Emigrants from foreign countries, including the
United States, were invited by the colonization
laws of the State and of the Federal Government,
to settle in Texas. Advantageous terms were
offered to induce them to leave their own country
and become Mexican citizens. This invitation
was accepted by many of our citizens, in the full
faith that in their new home they would be gov-
erned by laws enacted by representatives elected
by themselves, and that their lives, liberty, and
property, would be protected by constitutional
guarantees similar to those which existed in the
republic they had left. Under a government thus
organized, they continued until the year 1835,
when a military revolution broke out in the city of
Mexico, which entirely subverted the Federal and
State constitutions, and placed a military dictator
at the head of the Government.
By a sweeping decree of a Congress subservient
to the will of the dictator, the several State consti-
tutions were abolished, and the States themselves
converted into mere department* of the central
Government. The people of Texas were unwil-
ling to submit to this usurpation. Resistance to
such tyranny became a high duty. Texas was
fully absolved from all allegiance to the central
Government of Mexico from the moment that
Government had abolished her State constitution,
and in its place substituted an arbitrary and des-
potic central Government.
Such were tlie principal causes of the Texan
revolution. The people of Texas at once deter-
mined upon resistance, and flew to arms. In the
midst of these important and exciting events, how-
ever, they did not omit to place their liberties upon
a secure and permanent foundation. They elected
members to a convention, who, in the month of
March, 1836, issued a formal declaration that their
" political connexion with the Mexican nation has
4 forever ended, and that the people of Texas do
4 now constitute a free, sovereign, and inde-
4 pendent republic, and are full y in vested with
4 all the rights and attributes which properly be-
4 long to independent nations." They also adopt-
ed for their government a liberal republican con-
stitution. About the same time, Santa Ana, then
the dictator of Mexico, invaded Texas with a
numerous army, for the purpose of subduing her
people, and enforcing obedience to his arbitrary
and despotic government. On the twenty-first of
April, 1836, he was met by the Texan citizen sol-
diers, and on that day was achieved by them the
memoiable victory of San Jacinto, by which they
conquered their independence. Considering the
numbers engaged on the respective sides, history
does not record a more brilliant achievement.
Santa Ana himself was among the captives.
In the month of May, 1836, Santa Ana ac-
knowledged, by a treaty with the Texan authori-
ties, in the most solemn form, " the full, entire,
'and perfect independence of the republic of
'Texas." It is true, he was then a .prisoner of
war; but it is equally true that he had failed to re-
conquer Texas, and had met with a signal defeat;
that his authority had not been revoked, and that
by virtue of this treaty he obtained his personal
release. By it hostilities were suspended, and the
army which had invaded Texas under his com-
mand returned in pursuance of this arrangement,
unmolested, to Mexico.
j From the day that the battle of San Jacinto was
; fought until the present hour, Mexico has never
i possessed the power to reconquer Texas. In the
; language of the Secretary of State of the United
S States, in a despatch to our Minister in Mexico,
I under date of the eighth of July, 1842, " Mexico
I ' may have chosen to consider, and may still choose
1 4 to consider, Texas as having been at all times
j c since 1835, and as still continuing, a rebellious
; 4 province; but the world has been obliged to take
| 4 a very different view of the matter. From the
: * time of the battle of San Jacinto, in April, 1836,
4 to the present moment, Texas has exhibited the
1 same external signs of national independence as
4 Mexico herself, and with quite as much stability
4 of government. Practically free and independ-
4 ent, acknowledged as a political sovereignty by
4 the principal Powers of the world, no hostile foot
' finding rest within her territory for six or seven
4 years, and Mexico herself refraining for all that
{ period from any further attempt to reestablish
4 her own authority over that territory, it cannot
4 but be surprising to find Mr. de Bocanegra,"
(the Secretary of Foreign Affairs of Mexico,)
