8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
the principal means which he employed to effect
his purpose, and render the Government of Herrera
odious to the army and people of Mexico, was by
loudly condemning its determination to receive a
Minister of peace from theXJnited States, alleging
that it was the intention of Hen-era, by a treaty
with tlie United States, to dismember the territory
of Mexico, by ceding away the department of
Texas. The Government of Herrera is believed
to have been well disposed to a pacific adjustment
of existing difficulties; but, probably alarmed for j
its own security, and in order to ward off the dan- I
ger of the revolution led by Paredes, violated its i
solemn agreement, and refusod to receive or ac- \
credit our Minister; and this, although informed i
that he had been invested with full power to adjust '
all questions in dispute between the two Govern- ;
ments. Among the frivolous pretexts for this re- i
fusal, the puncipalone was, that our Minister had |
not gone upon a special mission, confined to the j
question of Texas alone, leaving all the outidges j'
upon our flag and our citizens unredressed. The i
Mexican Government well knew that both our j
national honor and the protection due to our citi- j
zens imperatively required that the two questions j
of boundary and indemnity should be treated of i
together, as naturally and inseparably blended, !
and they ought to have seen that this course was '
best calculated to enable the United States to ex- }
tend to them the most libeial justice. On the thir- j
tieth of December, 1845, General Herrera resigned |
the Presidency, and yielded up the Government j
to Genwul Paredes without a struggle. Thus a j
revolution was accomplished solely by the army i
commanded by Paredes, and the supieme power j
in Mexico passed into the hands of a military j
usurper, who was known to be bitterly hostile to j
the United States. :
Although the prospect of a pacific adjustment j
with the new government was unpromising, from
the known hostility of its head to the United .States, J
yet, determined that nothing should be left undone i
on our part to restore friendly relations between I
the two countries, our Minister was instructed to j
present his credentials to the new government, and I
ask to be accredited by it in the diplomatic charac- !
ter in which he had been commissioned. These j
instructions he executed by his note of the first of '
March, 1846, addressed to the Mexican'Minister
of Foreign Affairs, but his request was insultingly
refused by that Minister m his answer of the
twelfth of the same month. No alternative re- ;
mained for our Minister but to demand his pass-
ports, and return to the United States.
Thus was the extraordinary spectacle presented !
to the civilized world, of a Government, in viola-
tion of its own express agreement, having twice j
rejected a minister of peace, invested with full i
powers to adjust all the existing differences be-
tween the two countries in a maimer just and hon-
orable to both. I am not aware that modern his- j
tory presents a parallel case, in which, in time of j
peace, one nation has refused even to hear propo- !
sitions from another for teiminating existing diffi-
culties between them. Scarcely a hope of adjust-
ing our difficulties, even at a remote day, or of
preserving peace-with Mexico, could be cherished 1
while Paredes remained at the head of the Govern-
ment. He had acquired the supreme power by a
military revolution, and upon the most solemn !
pledges to wage war against the United States,
and to reconquer Texas, which he claimed as a
revolted province of Mexico. He had denounced
as guilty of treason ail those Mexicans who con-
sidered Texas as no longer constituting a part of '■
the territory of Mexico, and who were friendly to
the cause of peace. The duration of the war which <
he waged against the United States was indefinite, '
bceause the end which lie proposed, of the reeon-
quest of Texas, was hopeless. Besides, there was 1
good reason to believe, from all his conduct, that ii
it was his intention to convert the republic of!i
Mexico into a monarchy, and to call a foreign
European prince to the throne. Pi eparatory "to i
this end, he had, during his short rule, destroyed •
the liberty of the press, tolerating that portion of'
it only which openly advocated the establishment i
of a monarchy. The better to secure the success I
of his ultimate designs, he had, by an arbitrary '
decree, convoked a Congiess—not to be elected by
the tree voice of the people, but to be chosen in a
manner to make them subservient to his will and to
give him absolute control over their deliberations.
Under all these circumstances, it was believed
that any revolution in Mexico, founded upon op-
position to the ambitious projects of Paredes, would
tend to promote the cause of peace, as well as pre-
vent any attempted European interference in the
affairs of the North American continent—both ob-
jects of deep interest to the United States.- Any
such foreign interference, if attempted, must have
been resisted by the United States. My views
upon that subject were fully communicated to Con-
gress in my last annual Message. In any event,
it was certain that no change whatever in the Gov-
ernment of Mexico, which would deprive Paredes
of power, could be for the worse, so far as the
United States were concerned, while it was highly
probable that any change must be for the better.
This was the state of affairs existing when Con-
gress, on the thirteenth of May last, recognised
the existence of the war which had been com-
menced by the Government of Paredes, and it be-
came an object of much importance, with a view
to a speedy settlement of our difficulties, and the
restoration of an honorable peace, that Paredes
should not retain power in Mexico.
Before that time there were symptoms of a revo-
lution in Mexico, favored, as it was understood to
be, by the more liberal party, and especially by
those who were opposed to foreign interference
and to the inonaichic.il form of government. Santa
Ana was then in exile in Havana, having been
expelled from power and banished from his coun-
try by a revolution which occurred in December,
1844; but it was knftwn that he had still a consid-
erable party in his favor in Mexico. It was also
equally well known that no vigilance which could
be exerted by our squadron would, in all proba-
bility, have prevented him from effecting a landing
somewhere on the extensive gulf coast of Mexico,
if he desired to return to his country. He had
openly professed an entile change of policy; had
expressed his legret that lie had subverted the fed-
eral constitution of 1834, and avowed that he was
now in favor of its restoiation. He had publicly
declared his hostility, in the strongest terms, to the
establishment of a monarchy, and to European
interference in the aflaiis of his country. .
Information to this effect had been received, from ;
sources believed to be reliable, at the date of the i
recognition of the existence of the war by Con- j
gress, and was afterwards fully confirmed by the j
receipt of the despatch of our consul in the city of \
Mexico, with the accompanying documents, which
a re herewith transmitted. Besides, it was reason- i
able <4> suppose that he must see the ruinous con- |
sequences to JVtexico of a war with the United |
States, and that it would be his interest to favor i
peace. j
It was under these circumstances and upon these
considerations that it was deemed expedient not to i
obstruct his return to Mexico, should he attempt
to do so. Our object was the restoration of peace;
and with that view, no reason was perceived why
we should take part with Paredes, and aid him, by ;
means of our blockade, in preventing the return of !
his rival to Mexico. On the contrary, it was be- :
lieved that the intestine divisions which ordinary
sagacity could not but anticipate' as the fruit of i
Santa Ana's return to Mexico, and his contest
with Paredes, might strongly tend to produce a
disposition with both parties to restore and pre-
serve peace with the United States. Paredes was
a soldier by profession, and a monarchist in prin-
ciple. He had but recently before been successful ;
in a military revolution, by which he had obtained !
power. He was the sworn enemy of the United i
States, with which he had involved his country in I
the existing war. Santa Ana had been expelled ;
from power by the army, was known to be in open
hostility to Paredes, and publicly pledged against
foreign intervention and the restoration of mon-
archy in Mexico. In view of these facts and cir-
cumstances, it was, that, when orders were issued ;
to the commander of our naval forces in the Gulf, '
on the thirteenth day of May last, the day on
which the existence of the war was recognised by i
Congress, to place the coasts of Mexico under 1
blockade, he was directed not to obstruct the pas- '
sage of Santa Ana to Mexico, should he attempt
to return.
A revolution took place in Mexico in the early I
part of August following, by which the power of '
Paredes was overthrown, and he has since been [
banished from the country, and is now in exile. '
Shortly afterwards, Santa Ana returned. It re- 1
mains to be seen whether his return may not yet il
prove to be favorable to a pacific adjustment of the
existing difficulties, it being manifestly his interest
not to persevere in the prosecution of a war com-
menced by Paredes, to accomplish a purpose so
absurd as the reconquest of Texas to the Sabine.
Had Paredes remained in power, it is morally cer-
tain that any pacific adjustment would have been
hopeless.
Upon the commencement of hostilities by Mexi-
co against the United States, the indignant spirit
of the nation was at once aroused. Congress
promptly responded to the expectation of the
country, and, by the act of the thirteenth of May
lasj, recognised the fact that war existed, by the
act of Mcxico, between the United States and that
republic, and granted the means necessary for its
vigorous prosecution. Being involved in a war
ii thus commenced by Mexico, and for the justice of
ii which on our part we may confidently appeal to
il the whole world, I resolved to prosecute it with
j j the utmost vigor. Accordingly, the ports of Mexi-
M co on the Guff and on the Pacific have been placed
ii under blockade, and her territory invaded at sev-
J eral important points. The leports from the De-
i; partments of War and the Navy will inform you
; more in detail of the measures adopted in the
'I emergency in which our country was placed, and
; of the gratifying results which have been accom-
'I plished.
The various columns of the army have perform-
ed their duty under great disadvantages, with the
ij most distinguished skill and courage. The victo-
!] nes of Palo Alto and Reseca de la Pahna, and of
j! Monterey, won against greatly superior numbers,
11 and against most decided advantages in other re-
;! spects on the part of the enemy, were brilliant in
:i their execution, and entitle our brave officers and
!j soldiers to the grateful thanks of their country.
11 The nation deplores the loss of the brave officers
i; and men who have gallantly fallen while vindi-
ii eating and defending their country's rights and
i, honor.
;i It is a subject of pride and satisfaction that our
j' volunteer citizen soldiers, who so promply re-
11 sponded to their country's call, with an experi-
ji ence of the discipline of a camp of only a few
i j weeks, have borne their part in the haru-fouglit
j] battle of Monterey with a constancy and courage
|i equal to that of veteran troops, and worthy of the
!' highest admiration. The privationsof longmarches
i through the enemy's country, and through a wii-
fi derness, have been borne without a murmur. By
; rapid movements the province of New Mexico,
■ with Santa Fe, Us capital, has been captured with-
ii out bloodshed. The navy has cooperated with
i the army, and rendered important services ; if not
; so brilliant, it is because the enemy had no force
j to meet them on their own element, and because
11 of the defences which nature has interposed in the
, difficulties of the navigation on the Mexican coast.
■; Our squadron ill the Pacific, with the cooperation
; j of a gallant officer of the army, and a small force
ij hastily collected in that distant country, have ac-
■j quiied bloodless possession of the Californias, and
! the American flag has been raised at every ini-
portant point in that province.
11 I congratulate you on the success which has thus
; attended our military and naval operations. In
i less than seven months after Mexico commenced
! hostilities, at a time selected by herself, we have
I taken possession of many of her principal ports,
II driven back and pursued her invading army, and
!. acquired military possession of the Mexican prov-
j| inces of New Mexico, New Leon, Coahuila, Ta-
maulipas, and the Californias, a territoiy laiger ill
|! extent than that embraced in the original thirteen
States of the Union, inhabited by a considerable
population, and much of it more than a thousand
miles from the points at which we had to collect
; our forces and commence our movements. By the
j; blockade, the import and export trade of the enemy
1 has been cut off. Well may the American people
1 be proud of the energy and gallantry of our regu-
s lar and volunteer officers and soldiers. The events
; of these few months afford a gratifying proof that
; our country can, under any emergency, confident-
] ly rely for the maintenance of her honor, and the
defence of her rights, on an effective force, ready
at all times voluntarily to relinquish the comforts
of home for the perils and privations of the camp.
And though such a force may be for the time ex-
pensive, it is in the end economical, as the ability
to command it removes the necessity of employing
a large standing army in time of peace, and proves
