1840,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
that our people love their institutions, and are ever
ready to defend and protect them.
Whilst the war was in a course of vigorous and
successful prosecution, being still anxious to arrest
its evils, and considering that, after the brilliant
victories of our arms on the eighth and ninth of
May last, the national honor could not be com-
promitted by it, another overture was made to
Mexico, by my direction, on the twenty-seventh
of July last, to terminate hostilities by a peace just
and honorable to both countries. On the thirty-
first of August following, the Mexican Govern-
ment declined to accent this friendly overture, but
referred it to the decision of a Mexican Congress,
to be assembled in the early part of the present
month. I communicate to you, herewith, a copy
of the letter of the Secretary of State proposing to
reopen negotiations, of the answer of the Mexican
Government, and of the reply thereto of the Sec-
retary of State.
The war will continue to be prosecuted with
vigor, as the best means of securing peace. It is
hoped that the decision of the Mexican Congress,
to which our last overture has been referred, may
result in a speedy and honorable peace. With our
experience, however, of the unreasonable course
of the Mexican authorities, it is the part of wisdom
not to relax in the energy of our military opera-
tions until the result is made known. In this
view, it is deemed important to hold military pos-
session of all the provinces which have been taken,
until a definitive treaty of peace shall have been
concluded and ratified by the two countries.
The war has not been waged with a view to
conquest; but having been commenced by Mexico,
it has been carried into the enemy's country, and
will be vigorously prosecuted there, with a view
to obtain an honorable peace, and thereby secure
ample indemnity for the expenses of the war, as
well as to our much-injured citizens, who hold
large pecuniary demands against Mexico.
By the laws of nations, a conquered territory is
subject to be governed by the conqueror during his
military possession, ana until there is either a
treaty of peace, or he shall voluntarily withdraw
from it. The old civil government being neces-
sarily superseded, it is the right and duty of the
conqueror to secure his conquest, and to provide
for the maintenance of civil order and the rights of
the inhabitants. This right has been exercised,
and this duty performed, by our military and naval
commanders, by the establishment of temporary
governments in some of the conquered provinces
in Mexico, assimilating them, as far as practicable,
to the free institutions of our own country. In
the provinces of New Mexico, and of the Califor-
nias, little, if any, further resistance is apprehend-
ed from the inhabitants to the temporary govern-
ments which have thus, from the necessity of the
case, and according to the laws of war, been es-
tablished. It may be proper to provide for the
security of these important conquests by making
an adequate appropriation fox the purpose of erect-
ing fortifications and defraying the expenses
necessarily incident to the maintenance of our
possession and authority over them.
Near the close of your last session, for reasons
communicated to Congress, I deemed it important,
as a measure for securing a speedy peace with
Mexico, that a sum of money should be appro-
priated, and placed in the power of the Executive,
similar to that which had been made upon two
former occasions, during the administration of
President Jefferson.
On the twenty-sixth of February, 1803, an ap-
propriation of two millions of dollars was made,
and placed at the disposal of the President. Its
object is well known. It was at that time in con-
templation to acquire Louisiana from France, and
it was intended to be applied as a part of the con-
sideration which might be paid for that territory.
On the thirteenth of February, 1806, the same
sum was in like manner appropriated, with a view
to the purchase of the Fioridas from Spain. These
appropriations were made to facilitate negotiations,
and as a means to enable the President to accom-
plish the important objects in view. Though it
did not become necessary for the President to use
these appropriations, yet a state of things might
have arisen in which it would have been highly
important for him to do so, and the wisdom of
making them cannot be doubted. It is believed
th&t the measure recommended at your last session
met with the approbation of decided majorities in
both Houses of Congress. Indeed, in different
forms, a bill making an appropriation of two mil-
lions of dollars passed each House, and it is much
to be regretted that it did not become a law. The
reasons which induced me to recommend the
measure at that time still exist; and I again submit
the subject for your consideration, and suggest the
importance of earjy action upon it. Should the
appropriation be made and be not needed, it will
remain in the treasury: should it be deemed proper
to apply it, in whole or in part, it will be accounted
for as other public expenditures.
Immediately after Congress had recognised the
existence of the war with Mexico, my attention
was directed to the danger that privateers might
be fitted out in the ports of Cuba and Porto Rico
to prey upon the commerce of the United States j
ana I invited the special attention of the Spanish
Government to the fourteenth article of our treaty
with that Power, of the twentieth of October, 1795,
under which the citizens and subjects of either
nation who shall take commissions or letters of
marque to act as privateers against the other
" shall be punished as pirates."
It affords me pleasure to inform you that I have
received assurances from the Spanish Government
that this article of the treaty shall be faithfully
observed on its part. Orders for this purpose
were immediately transmitted from that Govern-
ment to the authorities of Cuba and Porto Rico to
exert their utmost vigilance in preventing any at-
tempts to fit out privateers in those islands against
the United States. From the good faith of Spain
1 am fully satisfied tkat this treaty will be executed
in its spirit as well as its letter; whilst the United
States will, on their part, faithfully perform all the
obligations which it imposes on them. j
Information has been recently received at the
Department of State that the Mexican Government
has sent to Havana blank commissions to priva-
teers, and blank certificates of naturalization,
signed by General Salas, the present head of the
Mexican Government. Theie is, also, reason to
apprehend that similar documents have been trans-
mitted to other parts of ihe world. Copies of
these papers, in translation, are herewith trans-
mitted.
As the preliminaries requned by the practice of civilized
nations for commissioning privateers and regulating their
conduct appear not to have been observed, and as these
commissions are in blank, to be filled up with the names of
citizens and subjects of all nations who may be willing to
purchase them, the whole proceeding can only be construed
as an invitation to all the freebooters upon earth, who are j
wilhng-to pay for the privilege, to cruise agamst American
conmieice. It will be for our courts of justice to decide
whether, under such cncumstances, these Mexican letters
of marque and reprisal shall protect those who accept them,
and commit robberies upon the high seas upder their au-
thority, from the pains and penalties of pnacy.
If the certificates of naturalization thus granted be in-
tended by Mexico to shield Spanish subjects from the
guilt and punishment of pirates, under our treaty with
Spain, they will certainly prove unavailing. Such a sub-
terfuge would be but a weak device to defeat the provisions
of a solemn treaty.
I lecommend tiiat Congress should immediately provide
by law for the trial and punishment as pirates of Spanish
t-ubjects who, escaping the\igilance of their Government,
shall be found guiltv of puvateering against the United
States. I do not apprehend serious danger from these pri-
vateers. Our navy will be constantly on the alert to pio-
tcct our commerce. Besides, in case prizes should be made
of American vessels, the utmost vigilance will be exerted
by our blockading squadron to prevent the captors from
taking them into Mexican ports, and it is not apprehended
that any nation will violate its neutrality by suffering such
prizes to be condemned and sold within its jutisdiction.
J recommend that Congress should immediately provide
by law for granting letters of marque and reprisal against
vessels under the^Mexican flag. It is tiue that there are
but few, if any, commercial vessels of Mexico upon the
high seas; and it is, therefore, not probable that many
American privaieers would be fitted out, in case a law
should pass authorizing this mode of warfare. It js, not-
withstanding, ceitain tliat such privateers may render good
service to the commercial interests of the country by recap-
turing our merchant ships, should any be taken by armed
vessels under the Mexican flag, as well a by captuiing these
vessels themselves. Every means within oui power should
be rendered available for the protection of oui commerce.
The annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury will
exhibit a detailed statement of the condition of the finances.
The imports for the fiscal year ending on the thirtieth of
June last were of the value of one hundred and twenty-one
millions six hundred and ninety-one thousand seven hun-
dred and ninety-seven dollars; of which the amount ex-
ported was eleven million three hundred and fortj*-six
thousand six hundred and twenty-three dolhus, leaving the
amount retained m the country for domestic consumption
one hundred and ten million three hundred and foity-llve
thousand one hundred and seventv-four dollars. The value
of the exports for the same period was one hundred and
thirteen million four hundred and eighty-eight thousand
five hundred and sixteen dollars; of which one hundred
and two million one hundred and forty-one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-three dollars consisted of domestic pro-
ducUons, and eleven million three hundred and forty-six
thousand six hundred and twenty-three dollars of foreign
articles.
The receipts into the treasury for the same year were
twenty-nine million four hundred and ninety-nine thousand
two hundred and forty-seven dollars and six cents: of which
there was denved from the customs twenty-six mmion
seven hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and sixty-
seven dollars and eighty-seven cents; from sales of public
lands two million six hundred and ninety-five thousand
four hundred and fitty-two dollars and foity-eight cents;
and from incidental and miscellaneous sources ninety-two
thousand one hundred and twenty-six dollars and seventy-
one cents. The expenditures for the same period weie
twenty-eight million thirty-one thousand one hundred and
fourteen dollars and twenty cents, and the balance in the
treasury on the first day of July last was nine million one
hundred and twenty-six thousand four hundred and thirty-
nine dollars and eight cents.
The amount of the public debt, including treasury notes,
on the first of the present month was twenty-four million
two hundred and fiftv-six thousand four hundred and ninety
four dollars and sixty cents ; of which the sum of seventeen
million seven hundred and eighty-eight thousand seven
hundred and ninety-nine dollars and sixty-two cents was
outstanding on the fourth of March, 1845, leaving the
amount incurred since that time six million four hundred
and sixty-seven thousand six hundred and ninetyTfour dol-
lars and ninety-eight cents.
In older to prosecute the war with Mexico witli^ vigor
and energy, as the best means of bringing it to a speedy and
honorable termination, a further loan will be necessary, to
meet the expenditures foi the piesent and the next fiscal
years. If the war should be continued until the thirtieth
"of June, 1818—being the end of the next fiscal year—it is
estimated that an additional loan of twenty-thiee millions
of dollars will be required. This estimate is made upon
the assumption that it will be necessary to letain constantly
in the treasury four millions of dollars, to guard against
contingencies. If such surplus were not lequued tir be re-
tained, then a loan of nineteen millions of dollars would be
sufficient. If, however, Congress should, at the present
session, impose a revenue duty on the principal aitides now
embraced m the free list, it is estimated that an additional
annua! revenue of about two million and a half, amount-
ing, Jt is estimated, on the thiitieth of June, 1848, to four
million of dollars, would be deiived from that source; and
the loan required would be reduced by that amount. It is
estimated, also, that should Congress giaduate and reduce
the price of such of the public lands as have been long in
the maiket, the additional revenue derived from that source
would be annually, for scvcial yoais to come, between half
a million and a million of dollars ; and the loan required
may be reduced bv that amount also. Should these meas-
ures be adopted, the loan required would not piobably ex-
ceed eighteen or nineteen million uf dollar.-—leaving in the
treasury a constant surplus of four million of dollars. The
loan proposed, it is estimated, will be sufficient to cover the
necessary expenditures, both for the war and for all other
purposes, up to the thirtieth of June, 3848; and an amount
of this loan, not exceeding one-half, may be required during
the pi esent fiscal year, and the greater part of the remainder
during the first half of the fiscal jear succeeding.
In order that timely notice may be given, and proper
measures taken to effect the loan, or such poition of it as
may be required, it is important that the authoiity of Con-
gress to make it be given at an early period of your present
session. It is suggested that the loan should be contracted
for a period of twenty years, with authority to purchase the
stock and pay it off, at an earlier period, at its market value,
out of any sui plus which may at anv time bu in the treasu-
ry applicable to that purpose. After the establishment of
peace with Mexico, it is supposed that a considerable sur-
plus will exist, and that the debt may be extinguished in a
much shorter period than that for which it may be contract-
ed. The period of twenty yeais, as that for which the pio-
posed loan maybe contiacted, in preference to a shoiter
period, is suggested, because all experience, both at home
and abioad, has shown that loans are effected upon much
better terms upon long time, than when they are reimbursa-
ble at shoit dates.
Nece&saiy as this measure is, to sustain the honor and the
intetests of the country, engaged m a foreign war, it is nut
doubted but that Congress will promptly authorize it.
The balance in the treasury on the first of July last ex-
ceeded nine millions uf dollais, notwithstanding conj-idei-
able expendituies had been made for the war duung the
months of May and June pieceding. But for the war, the
whole public debt could and would have been extinguished
within a short period ; and it was a part of my settled policy
to do so, and thus relieve the people from its burden, and
place the Government in a position which would enable it
to reduce the public expenditures to that economical stand-
aid which is most consistent with the general welfare, and
the pure and wholesome progress of our institutions.
Among our just causes of complaint against Mexico,
I arising out of her refusal to treat lor peace, as well before
I as since the war so unjustly commenced on her putt, are
I the extraordinary expenditures in which we have been
| involved. Justice to our own people will make it proper
thai Mexico should be held responsible for these expendi-
tures.
Economy in the public expenditures is at all times a high
duty which all public functionaries of the Government o\\ e to
the people. This duty becomes the more imperative in a
period of war, when large and extiaordinary expendituies
become unavoidable. During the existence of the war with
Mexico all our resources should be husbanded, and no ap-
propriations made except such as are absolutely necessary
for its vigorous prosecution and the due administration of
the Government. Objects of appioprintion which in peace
may be deemed useful or propei, but winch are not indis-
pensable for the public service, may, when the country is
engaged in a foreign war, be well postponed to a future period.
By the observance of this policy at your present session,
large amounts may he saved to the treasury, and be applied
to objects of pressing and urgent necessity, and thus the
