1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IB
ed the concurrence of the Senate, and that Messrs.
Brodhbad, William W. Campbell, and James
McDowell, had been appointed on said committee
on the part of the House.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 9, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The following members, in addition to those
who were present on the first day of the session,
have since appeared in their seats: Mr. Sykes,*
of New Jersey; Mr. Leake* and Mr. McDow-
ell,* of Virginia; Mr. Ligon,* of Maryland;
Mr. Bell,"} of Kentucky; Mr. Delano,f of Ohio;
Mr. EwiNG,t of Pennsylvania; Mr. Dobbin,* of
North Carolina; and Mr. Houston,* of Alabama.
The unfinished business of yesterday was the
motion of Mr. Garrett Davis to suspend the rules
for the purpose of enabling him to introduce the
following resolution: [on which motion the yeas
; and nays had been ordered.]
Resolved, That the President communicate to
| this House any and all orders or instructions to
' General Taylor, General Wool, General Kearny,
* Captam Sloat, Captain Stockton, or any other offi-
; cer of the Government, in relation to the establish-
^ ment or organization of civil government in any
- portion of the territory of Mexico which has or
might be taken possession of by the &rmy or navy
of the United States; also, what forms of govern-
ment such officers, or either of them, may have
,i established and organized, and whether the Presi-
dent has approved and recognised said govern-
j ments.
But the Speaker stated that, from the change of
I circumstances in the position of the resolution
j since yesterday, a suspension of the rules was
I no longer requisite for its introduction. The rule
? required that a resolution calling for information
* should lie over one day. That day had transpired,
' and the resolution was now before the House for
r consideration.
'•>■ The question therefore being, " Shall this reso-
; lution be adopted"?
Mr HARALSON rose and said, that he had no
objection to its adoption, if passed in the form
usual in cases of resolutions calling for informa-
tion. And, with a view to place it in that form,
he would movetoamend it by inserting the quali-
■ fying clause, " if not incompatible with the public
' interest."
The amendment having been read,
Mr. H. continued. He knew nothing (he said)
of what might be the.nature and extent of the
orders and correspondence called for by the reso-
lution. Butit was possible that orders might have
been given to the officers of the United States in
* Mexico, the communication of which might be
' incompatible with the public interests. They
might disclose the future operations of the Gov-
i eminent, and the intended movements of the
| army or navy; and if they should contain any-
. thing of that character, it was manifestly improper
; that they should be made public, for the obvious
s reason that they would thus become known to the
} Mexican Government. It was only necessary to
i say, that the amendment did no.more than place
the resolution in the ordinary form of calling on
/ the Executive for information of this description;
b and he hoped no objection would be made to it.
Mr. G. DAVIS said, he was aware that in ask-
ing information from the executive branch of the
Government on subjects connecled with our for-
>" eign relations, such qualifications as the aniend-
- ment contemplates were usual. In drawing up the
resolution, it was his object, and he was careful,
f no,t to interfere with the principle or practice of the
f House in such cases. If he correctly understood
' what had been the practice—the uniform usage—of
S the House, such a reference to the discretion of
i the President was made only where the informa-
? tion asked related to our foreign affairs, or to
I matters existing between our Government and the
I Governments of other countries. The gentleman
i from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] suggested the ob-
jection that to answer the resolution might disclose
f the purposes of the Executive as to the future
f operations of the army and navy. It was not his
I (Mr. D.'s) purpose to interfere; and if the gentle-
* man would give particular attention to the scope
s and terms of the resolution, he would at once dis-
* Democrat.
t Whig
cover that no such collision was contemplated by
it with any orders of the Executive in regard to
the prosecution of warlike measures on the part
either of the army or the navy. What did the
resolution ask? That all orders or instructions
which the President might have given' to General
Taylor, General Kearny, General Wool, Captain
Sloat, or Captain Stockton, in relation not to mili-
tard or naval operations, but to the organization of
civil government alone, in any portion of Mexico
which might be occupied by our army or navy,
might be communicated to the House. What
principle or practice of Congress or of the Govern-
ment was violated by such a call ? What violation
of the counsels of the commander-in-chief, in rela-
tion to future operations, which he ought to keep
to himself and not divulge, was intended ? None.
: It was in relation to a matter of civil polity alone
| that he interrogated the President, or that he asked
j this House to do so.
I He (Mr. D.) had not proposed to inquire of the
j President as to the manner in which he had conduct-
1 ed orproposed to conduct the operations ofthe war;
I because he was too well acquainted with his own
! position and fduty as a member of Congress, and
i that of the President. But when he saw foreign
I countries occupied by our army and navy; when
j he heard officers of our Government proclaiming
! themselves governors of provinces, appointing
! subordinate officers, fixing their salaries and the
i duration of their offices,—establishing, in a word,
the whole machine of civil government, he demand-
ed of the President his authority for permitting
and sanctioning such a course of proceeding.
What! was our American President an emperor,
sending forth his Agrippa and his Mareellus as his
proconsuls, to establish and to govern the prov-
inces they might conquer by force of arms ? Was
the President of the United States, an officer de-
riving his breath and being from the Constitution
of the United States, to authorize his satraps and
his tetrarchs to set up governments at their pleas-
ure, and prescribe to them laws and regulations at
their discretion? If he could, Mr. D. wanted to
know under what grant of the Constitution he ex-
ercised such a power? The President, he admit-
I ted, was made by the Constitution commander-in-
chief of the army and navy of the United States,
and he could do, in time of war, whatever pertained
to that authority. He could do nothing, however,
in relation to the conduct of either army or navy
but what grew out of, and was immediately con-
nected with, that authority. But for the express
grant of the Constitution, he could do nothing in
conducting the war at all. The whole duty would,
in that case, devolve upon Congress, and such
agents as Congress might be pleased to appoint.
The President could discharge no function in rela-
tion to the war but such as resided in him as com-
mander-in-chief of the army and navy of the
country. As President he could legitimately take
no part in a war of conquest—none whatever—
none, none. Then Mr. D. wanted to know from
the President, and from his partisans, by what
imperial or regal authority his majesty undertook
to act in the premises referred to in the resolution
of inquiry.
[A voice: "By the law of nations."]
Mr. D. wanted to know whether the House was
to provide for paying the expenses of the govern-
ments thus set up. Here was a bold and daring
i assumption of power, and he wanted to know,
I from authority, whether the president, professing
: to be a follower and a proselyte of the strictest
| construction of the southern school, claimed to
l draw to himself all the various powers thus exer-
| cised by his officers, naval and military. He had
| seen accounts of these matters in the public prints,
I but he wanted to have the facts officially before the
| House. He wanted to know from the President
! himself whether these things had or had not been
done by his direction, or whether, being done,
they had his sanction and approbation. If they
had—if, indeed, the President had usurped powers
of this extent, not granted to him as such by the
Constitution of the United States, then Mr. D.,
for one, was ready for ulterior measures.
Mr. DOUGLASS said, that if he rightly under-
stood the resolution which had been moved by the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, it proposed
merely that that gentleman should be enlightened
by the President as to the instructions given to
General Kearny and other officers, military and
i naval, under which they had established, in prov-
inces conquered by our arms, provisional govern-
ments for the protection of the inhabitants until
others should be established by the authority of
Congress. Mr. 0. saw no particular objection
to having the honorable gentleman enlightened on
these subjects, particularly as he seemed so very
anxious, both as to the circumstances of the case
and the authority under which they had taken
place. The gentleman from Georgia, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Alfairs, [Mr.
Haralson,] wished the inquiry to be qualified in
the usual manner, so as the President should reply
to it only so far as was not inconsistent with the
public good. Mr. D. had no objections to that
either, for he would not apprehend that the public
good was in the least likely to suffer from the com-
munication of information in reply to such an in-
quiry, on a subject in which the mind of the hon-
orable gentleman from Kentucky grovelled in such
profound darkness. If Mr. D. rightly understood
the gentleman's resolution, he did not see that
there could be any objection whatever to its adop-
tion.
But there seemed to be a design (and a very
worthy one it was in the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky) to endeavor to create on the pub-
lic mind the impression that if the President had
actually given his authority for such proceedings
as had taken place on the part of our officers in the
conquered provinces, he had greatly transcended
his constitutional authority, and was guilty of pal-
pable usurpation of power; and the gentleman had
apprized the House that, in that case, he was " pre-
pared for ulterior measures." Now, as the gentle-
man seemed so fond of being enlightened, Mr. D.
should like to be a little enlightened too. He
wanted to know what the honorable gentleman
meant by those " ulterior measures" for which he
was " prepared.'' Did he refer to impeachment!
[A voice, not Mr. Davis's: " Yes."] If so, Mr.
D. hoped he would have full and free scope allow-
ed him, first, to discover all the facts in the case;
and, second, to bring forward his " ulterior meas-
ures," whatever they might be. Mr. D. said it
was perfectly immaterial to him whether the Presi-
dent did or did not, in express terms, authorize the
establishment of temporary governments in the
provinces our army had subdued. The country
was engaged in a war with Mexico—a constitu-
tional war—an actual war; and, in the course of
its prosecution, Mexico had been invaded and
some of her provinces conquered by our arms.
As soon as this happened, the government of
Mexico over those provinces of course ceased to
exist, the Mexican authority was, ipso facto, su-
perseded, and it became not merely the right, but
the imperative duty of those who commanded the
conquering forces to establish a government of
some kind in place of that which had been over-
turned by the invasion, to continue until another
should be established by the act of the home Gov-
ernment, It was their right to do this, under the
law of nations, and in conformity with the univer-
sal usage of civilized nations when engaged in war.
And surely, if it was their right, it was manifestly
their duty to do so. Had our generals not taken
it upon themselves to perform an act of such ob-
vious necessity in protecting the rights of a con-
quered people, as far as those rights were in con-
formity with the rights of our own Government,
there would have been much more propriety m the
honorable gentleman's threatening "ulterior meas-
ures."
Would the gentleman seriously contend that it
was not the right of General Kearny to establish
a temporary military government in California?
Was it not his duty to do so? [A voice: "A mili-
tary government?"] Yes, a military government.
Mr. D. meant what he said—a military govern-
ment. He meant such a government as might be
established by a conquering general, from the fact
that the country had been conquered in the prose-
cution of a legal war, and by the recognised au-
thority ofthe law of nations. Such a government
was " military" in its origin, and military in its
maintenance; yet it might relate also to affairs
civil and municipal, as well as to matters purely
military. It might take care, and was bound to
take care, that justice was administered to the con-
quered inhabitants; that their rights and privileges
in regard to life and property were duly respected,
and that all the internal affairs of the people were
suitably arranged and provided for. All this de-
volved upon the invading general by right of con-
