14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
quest; and it was both his right and. his duty to
establish such a temporary provisional government
till Congress should appoint another in its place.
The only real question was, whether our com-
manders had used this power properly, prudently,
•wisely? That was the proper subject of inquiry.
So far as Mr. D. was advised, (and he had no
other means of judging but such as were equally
accessible to the gentleman from Kentucky, for he
relied on official reports, so far as these had been
published, and on the public papers for the rest,)
he was prepared to say, not only that they pos-
sessed the right—not only that it was their duty
to exercise it, but that they had exercised it
wisely and prudently, and were justly entitled to
the thanks of the nation.
An inquiry like this ought to be met boldly: he
was prepared to meet it upon the threshold.
The gentleman complained that these Executive
officers had organized the complete machine of
civil government in the conquered provinces of
Mexico; and he wanted to know whether our
President was an emperor, a dictator, and whether
any such power was conferred upon him by the
Constitution. Mr. D. would ask, what would the
gentleman have had the President to do ? Here
was a province of which we had taken military
possession: were we to leave the people without
any government whatever? without restraint, with-
out law, in a state of open anarchy ? Were we
to suffer murder to be"perpetrated, rapine to stalk
abroad, and all sons of crimes to be committed
with impunity ? If not, what were our command-
ers to do ? They must either suifer this, or they
must take some measures to provide that justice
should be administered, and that the people, though
the victims of conquest, should nevertheless be
protected 111 their lives, liberty, and pioperty, &o
far as was consistent with a due regard to the
rights of the conquering Power. Mr. D. would
undertake to say, that by the law of nations, the
commander was absolutely required to exercise
this power in the manner he had understood that
he had done: 1st, by establishing a temporary
government; 2d, bv protecting the personal rights
of the conquered; 3d, by doing this in a manner
the most congenial to the spirit and principles of
our own Government as that of the conquering na-
tion. The commanding general had done strictly
and to the letter as the law of nations requned him
to do in the establishment of what had been galled
these territorial governments. It seemed that, in
the performance of tins duty, our commanders had
taken the territorial governments within the (Tinted
States as their model. The right to do this was
clear and undoubted—a right conferred by the
Constitution and laws of the United States, be-
cause war existed under the Constitution and by
law. In conducting the war, conquest was effected,
and the right growing out of conquest was to gov-
ern the subdued provinces m a temporary and pro-
visional manner, until the home Government should
establish a go\ernment m another form. Mt. D.
feit persuaded that the gentleman from Kentucky
himself, when he had had time to bring lmnself to
contemplate the whole subject coolly, and to lay
aside the feelings of a partisan, would admit the
truth of this position. Mr. D. meant no odious
or offensive reflection in the use of the term parti-
san: he did not doubt for a moment the gentle-
man's patriotism: he only feared that he might
have suiiered his judgment to be biased by party
associations, and a desire to make an attack on the
Administration, without duly considering whether
theie were good and solid grounds for it.
The right of General Kearny to do what he
hud done wns most clear and unquestionable.
Wither the President had ordered it or not, he
had the right under the law of nations. The Presi-
dent, indeed, had aright to order such a course:
but it would have been Kearny's duty, whether
ordered or not. Mr. D. cared not whether he had
or had not any wntten authority. He cared not a
straw whether the President had or had not au-
thorized his course in advance. It seemed very
cleai that he adopted it now it was done. But
whether the President adopt< d and approved it or
not, Air. D. did; and he believed that that House
and the nation would do the same. Meanwhile
he saw no objection to the passage of the gentle-
man's resolution.
Mr. HARALSON obtained the floor, but yield-
ed it at the request of
Mr. G. DAVIS, who desired to say a few words
in explanation. He said that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Douglass] seemed very anxious to
know about the " ulterior measures" to which Mr.
D. had referred when last up; he rather thought
that about this time next year the gentleman would
not be quite so anxious on that subject. There
might be a change before that time which would
render it perhaps not quite so wholesome. The
gentleman changed the point of Mr. D.'s inquiry:
the gentleman insisted that conquering generals
possessed the right of establishing temporary'gov-
ernments over the countries they had conquered.
That was not a point which Mr. D. should at this
time make; but he would refer the gentleman ftom
Illinois to the words of his resolution. It contem-
plated the inquiry whether the government which
these generals had established had been establish-
ed by the previous ai+thority of the President, or
whether he had since recognised the act by which
governments had been set up.
En passant, Mr. D. would remark, that General
Kearny had established a government at Santa Fe;
that he had there proclaimed himself Governor of
New Mexico, and proceeded to install inferior offi-
cers, and assign the duties they were to perform.
There wa s the point of Mr. D.'s inquit y—whether
the President had or had not authorized all this?
Whether, when done, he had approved it? The
President in his message contended, and so had
the gentleman from Illinois, that Santa Fe was
within the territory of Texas; that therefore it was
within the boundaries of the United States. Ac-
cording to him, Texas included Santa Fe, Taos,
and some sixteen other towns.
Mr. DOUGLASS here interposed to explain.
If the gentleman would look into his former
speeches, on the annexation of Texas, he would
iind that he had expressly avoided to make any
point upon the question how far up the Rio del
Norte the territory of Texas extended. What he
had contended for was, that it included all the ter-
ritory between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
Mr. DAVIS said it was the gentleman's present
speech, not his former speeches, that Mr. D. was
speaking to.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that in the present speech
not a word had been said by hint about the ques-
tion of boundary.
Mr. DAVIS said that, if the President had suc-
ceeded in proving that our title to one foot of the
territory on the banks of the Rio Grande was good,
he had virtually established it to the whole bank
of the river. He could not get out of the difficulty
of his position in that way. The message clearly
assumed that the Rio del Norte was the true west-
ern boundary of Texas, and that he therefoie
considered it his duty to enforce the laws of the
United States up to that river. Then what be-
came of his'right, under the law of nations, to es-
tablish a temporary government, at the pleasure
of one of his officeis, over a portion of one of the
soveicign States of tins Union?
But his other point was this: the gentleman
from Illinois contended that the government estab-
lished by General Kearny was a military gov-
ernment, and that that officer had a right, under
the law of nations, to establish such a government
in a conquered province. Would the gentleman
refer him to any one book of established authority
which declared that, after a province had been
held in military occupation, and before any nego-
tiation or treaty on the subject of boundary, the
President had a right to establish in it a temporary
government?
Mr. DOUGLASS said he would, provided the
gentleman would say upon his honor that he had
never seen such a doctrine laid down in any book
of authority.
Mr. DAVIS said that he would give the gentler
man his word (and ins word was his honor) that
he never had. He admitted, indeed, that a gene-
ral who obtained possession by arms of a portion
of his enemy's countiy might establish military
regulations in the conquered province; but he utter-
ly denied that he could set up a civil government
there. Re denied that he could do any such
thing, either under the Constitution of the United
States or under the law of nations. Geneial Kear-
ny had established a civil government in New
Mexico, as Commodore Stockton and Commo-
dore Sloat before him had done in California; yet
General Taylor, though he had penetrated into the
enemy's country as far as Salullo, had never un-
dertaken to do such a tiling.
Mr. DQUGLASS wished the gentleman to state
what he meant by a civil government. Suppose
murder to be committed, did he maintain that the
military commander had no right to take means to
punish it? If a raan was guilty of stealing, could
he not provide for trying and punishing him?
Mr. DAVIS replied that by a civil government
he meant such a government as General Kearny
had set up in New Mexico, declaring himself the
civil governor of thecountry; establishing a legisla-
tive body, and a judiciary for the trial of both civil
and criminal causes; requiring Mexicans to take the
oath of allegiance to the United States, and pro-
claiming that all persons found in arms against it
would be subjected to the punishment of treason.
He wanted to know in-what code of national law—
in what part of the Constitution of the United
States, or in what recognised usage of civilized
nations, the gentleman found a warrant for such
enormous, such plenary powers. What right had
General Kearny to proclaim New Mexico to
constitute a part of the United States? What au-
thority had he, in fact, to annex it to our territory?
What right had he to establish over it, not a tem-
porary and military, but a civil and permanent
government? Had not Taylor and Wool an equal
right to do this with him? Yet they had refrain-
ed from all such attempts. Who was the Governor
of Monterey? Who there took the oath of alle-
giance to the United States ? Who undertook to
declare New*Leon a part of the United States?
required the people to take the oath of allegiance ?
proclaimed that whoever should be found in arms
would be treated as traitors? Who assumed these
high, despotic, dictatorial powers at Monterey?
They were not assumed at all. The proceeding
was wholly premature. Mr. D. wanted to know
what instructions the President had given to these
officers—what he had directed, beforehand, to be
done; and whether the forms of government, stated
in the public prints as having been established by
proclamation, were authentic or not. If they were,
they constituted one of the newest forms of gov-
ernment, and one of the most dangerous.
The gentleman said that Mr. J), was a partisan.
He confessed that he was; he was the partisan of
the Constitution; and whenever James K. Polk, or
any other man, sought by high-handed measures
to violate that instrument, Mr. D. would ever be
ready to rush to the rescue, and to reestablish it in
all its pristine foice and vigor. Mr. D. was ready
also to admit, freely, that he was a partisan in other
respects also; he confessed himself subject to like
infirmity with other men. Still he contended that,
apart from all party grounds, matters of such grave
import as these ought to be investigated. If the
American people were prepared to fold their arms,
and see such tricks perpetrated before high heaven
and in their presence as must make the angels
weep, and yet do nothing, farewell to their rights
—farewell, a longfaiewell to their liberties. Air.
D. wanted nothing to do with " the whole of"
Mexico.
Mi. HARALSON again obtained the Poor, and
was about to address the House, but again yielded
it to comply with the earnest request of—
Mr. DOUGLASS, who desired to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky one question. He under-
stood the gentleman to waive a materia^ part of
his proposed inquiry, viz.: that in relation to the
right of establishing a military government in a
conquered province. The gentleman drew, he un-
derstood him, a distinction^ on that subject which
Mr. D. would notice hereafter. The gentleman
asked by what right General Kearny annexed
New Mexico to our Union. Did the* proclama-
tion, then, annex that country to ours?
Mr. DAVIS. No; u was not annexed at all.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Then the question not as
to his right to annex, but his right to make Mich, a
proclamation as he did. Mr. ~D. contended that
New Mexico was a part of our territory before the
proclamation was made—it was ours by conquest.
It was conquest which annexed it: it required no
proclamation to effect that; it required only the aU
ot conquest itself; and he maintained that if we
should conclude a treaty with Mexico without
boundaries, all these conquered provinces, New
Mexico, New Leon, Tamaulipas, California,
would be and remain a part of the territory of the
United States. They would be ours by conquest,
and they would remain ours, unless receded. A
treaty without boundaries left us in possession of
all we had conquered. It did not require any pro-
