1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
clamation to make them ours. The proclamation
merely declared what was fact before the procla-
mation existed. It was official evidence of a fact
already existing. When the gentleman drew a
distinction between the right to establish a military
and to establish a civil government, Mr. D. want-
ed him to answer the question, more than orice
put to him, but which he had not yet .seen fit to
answer, supposmga murder to be committed, could
it be tried and punished save by a government
civil in its nature ? Could larceny be so punished,
or all the numeious other crimes against the civil
rights of men 3 How could these things be tried
"Without a jud°e ? And what was a judge but a
civil officer ? Without some form of civil govern-
ment ail must be anarchy and riot. Would the
gentleman 'nave crimes of all fsorts and persons of
ail descriptions tried by a court martial? Would
he set up coui ts martial over men not belonging to
the army ? Would he deprive citizens of life and
liberty by a court martial, without any civil law? '
- with no law but the articles of war—articles which j
did not reach the ease? Or would he have them i
ruled according to the usages of the laws of nations, ■
the demands of justice, and the piincipie.s of our !
own Government, which is that of the conquering ;
nation ? That was the question he put, and which j
lie hoped the gentleman would answer. ;
Mr. DAVIS wished to reply; but :
Mr. HARALSON, having already twice yielded :
the floor, insisted 011 his right now to retain it. !
He said he had not risen with the purpose of!
justifying or condemning the course which was !
Mid to have been pursued, because he considered j
this as entirely pi emature, until all the facts of the j.
case were before the House. j
Mr. H.haii endeavored to modify the lesulution I
of inquiry by appending to it the usual guard in i
relation to the public welfare. He wanted to see, Ij
first, what had been ordered by the President, and jj
how those orders had been executed by ouroffieers; I
then, if the course of the Executive deserved con- ji cession.
As to the amendment he had offered, he pre-
sumed tljat its propiiety and necessity must strike
every mind. Could any gentleman here know
required to take the oath of allegiance to this Gov-
ernment, and threatened, that, if taken in arms
against it, they would be punished as traitors.
die extent or nature of the^ orders given by the j| Both the proclamations declared that New Mexico
Executive to our officeis? The^resolution called ■; and California were parts of the United States.
Surely it was h Mr. IX asked if the President approved of this?
Executive in- j; Was it right?
s tractions had relation to the particular subject of |i Mr. RHETT said it only proved (hat the men
t.hfi CfintipiYlMn'c flH'lACltv Af lirliotKoi* fKo me^Kno  f' " " r   ' • - ' * •• -
for them all, without limitation.
impossible to tell how much of the Executive in- j
the gentleman's curiosity, or whether the instruc-
tions called for by him might not relate to other
matters which ought not to be disclosed. All that
was furnished would of necessity go to the Mexi-
can Government. We knew one instance,.if not
more, in which confidential letters fioni the War
Department to our military commanders had been
intercepted by the enemy. Did the gentleman
wish that they should be apprized of the plan of
our future movements? H$ was sure he did not.
Mr. H. knew personally nothing whatever of the
correspondence called for; all he wanted was, that
what it might be improper to communicate should
be withheld. If such unrestricted demands were :
sanctioned, every order, every plan of the Govern- ;
mem for conducting the war, might be exposed to
the enemy. The amendment was in the usual
form. He trusted it would be suffered to pass.
puTT?T"T'   : .. ...
were "gumps." [A laugh.] That was all. It
was not to be expected that Captain Stockton* or
j any such sort of people, should be acquainted with'
| the Constitution of the United States. [Voices:
; " Hear that."] Why, Mr. R. had met and con-
| versed with some of the first men in Europe who
! did not understand it. They looked on it as a
i simple consolidated Government; and that was
j the reason the merchants in and about London
| held the United States Government responsible for
t the defalcations of the State Governments. A
pretty thing it was that Congress was to have the
j meaning of the Constitution dictated to it by a mil-
! itary captain or by a commodore! He make a
Territory ! he make California a part of the Uni-
, ted States ! when almost all the gentlemen over the
way held that even Congress had no power to do
it! and insisted, therefore, that the annexation of
Mr. RHETT thought it very impoitunt that ' Texas was a violation of the Constitution. And
the House should distinctly understand the princi- jj yet gentlemen would quote to us General Kearny,
pies on which this inquiry rested. If the gentle- i) and contend that he had made jN'ew Mexico a part
man from Kentucky had explained them, Mr. R. j| of the Union; and then they called on th*. friends
should not have s'aid one word. If he understood of the Administration to tell by what authority the
the matter, all the gentlemen who had spoken 'j President had undertaken to make laws for it!
seemed to agree in one thing from which Mr. R. ;■ Mr. G. DAVIS said the'gentleman from South
wholly dissented, and which, if granted, gave the j; Carolina was mistaken. He had taken no such
gentleman from Kentucky the whole benefit of the
argument. The position taken by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Haralson,] and the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] seemed to be
that the territory in which these governments had
been established was a part of the United States.
Mr. G. DAVL9 said he had made no such con-
demnation, he should agree with the gentleman
fi'om Kentucky in pronouncing it; but at present '
he could not, because he did not know what the
President had done.
Mr. H. entirely differed with the gentleman
from Kentucky in one thing. That gentleman
thought this was no foreign question, but one oft
Mr. DOUGLASS said his ground was. that it
becrtme part of the United States by conquest
alone.
Mr. HARALSON. Yes, and was the subject
of treaty.
Mr. RHETT said that so he understood the
gentleman to say; and he denied both positions.
domestic kind, connecting itself with our domestic, He contended that if the country conquered form-
not our foreign relations. Now, Mr. H. consid- 1 TT 1 ' ' 1 '
ered it as foreign, from beginning to end. We
were at war, and in the course of the war we had
position.
Mr. RHETT. Well, I admit that I may have
< taken too much for granted. I thought he meant
| to take that position, on which alone his argument
was sustainable.
Mr. G. DAVIS. What I ask is, whether the
President authorized what has been done by his
officers in New Mexico, or approved it when
done'
Mr. RHETT. Well, gentlemen are fighting
for Mexico after all. It is not from any affection
to Americans, it is from affection for a foreign peo-
ple they are complaining that such a mighty out-
rage has been perpetrated; q people with whom
we have been at sword's points for years. Are
we to be quarrelling for their rights in their terri-
conquered certain provinces belonging to Mexico,
and the gentleman complained that governments
had been established over them by order of our
military and naval commanders. Why, what
would the gentleman have had the President to
ed a part of the United States, then clearly the 'j tory, and that under the Constitution of the United
President had no right to organize in it any terri- !j States, while at the same time he holds that it does
tonal government. Had he done any such thing \ \ not belong to the United States -1 That is the only
i as this for Oregon? Had he pretended to any jj ground on which he would have a right to com-
! such right? On the contrary, he had recommend- !j plain. But he makes a mighty uproar because the
ed Congress to do it, and he was right. But what
he differed from gentleman upon"\vas, that Oregon
did not stand on the same constitutional footing as
do? When, by the fact of our conquest, their i1 the Californias and New Mexico: if it did, then
own governments were abolished, the protection n he must yield all that the gentleman from Ken
of the people naturally devolved upon us. Would
the gentleman provide for them no protection?
Mr. il. put it, to the common sense of every man.
Congress was not at the time in session; our
armies obtained possession oftbeenemy's country.
This was their duty. In war they were bound to
do the enemy ail the injury in their power not in-
consistent with the rules and usages'of civilized
nations and the laws of war. We therefore took
tucky contended for. Was it true that California
j or New Mexico formed a part of the United States?
| We had, it was true, military occupation of both,
i But it was by arms that we held them, and by arms
; alone we had any right to control them. Inier
i nrma silent leges. If the President commanded
them at all he was a satrap—he was a despot, so
, far as they were concerned: h?wielded his power
over them by the sword, and enforced it by the
territory of a people forming no pare of the United
States, and not ours at all, is held and controlled
by a military commander. He calls upon us to
vindicate their rights, to vindicate their rights, too,
under the Constitution of the United StatesHere
is a most extraordinary thing. The ground I place
it upon is this: that neither California nor New
Mexico arc any part or parcel of the United States,
and the authority read by the gentleman from
Georgia does not apply. The Constitution of the
United States does not apply to them, nor control
a man in either of them. They may become citi-
zens of the United States by 'the treaty-making
power annexing their territory to the Union. But
even if it were ceded by treaty, it would requiie to
be legitimated by Congress before it would be
of that possession? All that had nates on the bench, or order them to do whatever I' legally ours. But Captain Stockton and General
'essary secuiity he pleased: but all his authority and all theirs was u Kearny, and
and retained possession of their territory; but what ■ \ sword alone. Sic vclo sic jubeo was Ins rule, so far
good would this possibly do unless we made them , j as law was concerned. He could put his su'oordi-
feel the weight
been done had been done for the necess;
of the people, m life and property, while in their
conqueted condition.
Before Mr. H. proceeded to answer the gentle-
man's argument as to the right of a conquering
Pou cr to give laws to the country held by military
possession, he would read an extract or two from
Vattel, an acknowledged authority on the law of
nations. [Here Mr. H. quoted from Vattel, on
the right of a conquering nation to the provinces
it conquered from an enemy, &c.] The govern-
ments we had established m Mexico were tempo-
rary only, and subject to the substitution of any
other by Congiess. That government in some
form should he established was indispensable—it
igiew ex necessitate rci. But he would not discuss
the question. When they got all the facts, then,
and not till then, would a full discussion of the
"whole subject be in place; now it was premauire.
He did not know what had been done; therefore
he was not prepared either to sustain or to con-
demn it.
military. In that view it was altogether unimnor-
i tant what his subordinates did—they went hither ;
I and thither at his command. He said to one, do i
' this, and he did it; and to another, come, and he j
i cmnc. They came and went, and acted by the
I President's authority alone. He was a despot: ,
he might do what he pleased—might cut off the 1
■ head of a judge if he so pleased. Congress might, .
: to be sure, judge of the morality of his acts; but ;
! so far as the law of nations was concerned, he had
a legal right to do his pleasure. But Mr. R. utter-
' ly denied to any man such authority as this over
, any territory within the limits of this Union; but
California and New Mcxico are not any part of
the Union—the Constitution of the United States*
does not extend over them. Would any gentleman
here say that every Mexican there had a right to qualification.
: the trial by jury5 >! Mr. RHETT. Yes; but the gentleman knows
Mr. G/DAViS said it had been proclaimed by how such a reservation may be used by the op-
1 Commodore Stockton, that the citizens of Cahfor- :i ponents of the Administration. Does he think it
1 ma were citizens of the United States; they were I1 expedient to give them any such ground to take?
i ail those sort of people, have no *
thority m the matter. 1 stand upon the Constitu-
tion. I know no annexation but by an authority
under the Constitution. Military commanders
have no such authority. They have done what
they had a right to do—the civil rights of the con-
quered being swallowed up by the mihiary power.
Whether the government is civil or military m its
character and acts, makes no difference at all. It
rests on the power of the sword alone. On that
ground I hold the course of our officers peifectly
justifiable.
As to the amendments proposed by the gentle-
man from Georgia, I prefer, myself, that the re^.>-
lution should go broad and fiat-footed, without <.uiy
qualification.
Mr. HARALSON. It is usual to annex the
