16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9.
Better let the call go in the broadest terms; let us
see what they can make of it.
Mr. SCHENCK said he differed from many-
gentlemen in that House in his view of the matter.
He believed it was of far more consequence than
some seemed disposed to consider it. Questions
of right and power, as between different depart-
ments of this Government, were, in his judgment,
worthy to be considered less flippantly than some ,
gentlemen seemed to think.
Before, however, he replied to the very extra-
ordinary speech of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, he desired to call the attention of the House
to the question immediately before it. His friend j
from Kentucky proposed that the President be ;
desired to inform the House whether he gave in- '
structions to his officers to establish civil govern-
ment in the provinces they might subdue, or ap-
proved what they had done 111 thatjnatter. The
gentleman from Georgia wanted the request quali-
fied so that the President might answer it at his
discretion.
Now, if there was any propriety in thus quali-
fying the call, it must be because the information
sought related to our foreign, not our domestic
affairs. But Mr. S. would look at it in that light.
If the resolution related purely to our foreign
affairs—to territory lying out of the limits of the
United States—then clearly it did not relate to our
domestic affairs. But Mr. S. held, that, according
to the version of the President himself, the country
in question did lie within the territory of the Uni-
ted States. The resolution inquired about nothing
but what the President, himself held to be apart
of this Union. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglass] had reminded the House that he never
had held the western boundary of Texas to run all
the way up to the sources of the Rio Grande. It
might be so. Mr. S. had no question with that
gentleman. It was as between the House of Rep-
resentatives and the President of the United States
that he made the question; and he would try the
President by his own authority.
Why, had gentlemen forgotten so soon the mes-
sage of the President read to them but yesterday ?
What had the President said in tha't message
touching the western boundaiy of Texas, and m
relation to California? He begged the attention
of the House and of the gentleman from Illinois to
the President's language:
" The Texas which was ceded to Spain by the Florida
treaty of J 819 embraced all the countiy now claimed by the
State of Texas between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
The republic ot'Texas always claimed thirf river a.> her
western boundary, and, m hei treaty made with Santa
Ana in May, 1833, he lecogmped it a* *ueh. By the con-
stitution which Te\a> adopn>d in Maicli, 1830, senatorial
and jepie^eiitativn districts weie organized, extending west
of the Nueces. The (/'onare^ of Texas, on the 19th of De-
cember. ISio, passed 'An act to deiine the boundaries of
the republic of Texas' in which they de«Jaied the Rio
<>iand.*, fiom it« month to it> souice, to be then boundary;
and, by the <«aid act, they extended their 1 civil and political
jurisdiction' over the country up to that boundary. During
a period of more than nine years, which intervened be-
tween the adoption of hoi constitution and her annexation
as one of the States of oui Union, Texas asseited and exer-
cised main' net-- of sovereignty and juiwhetiou over the
territory and inhabitants we-t 01 the Nueces.. She orga-
nized and defined the Iimd-of counties extending to the Rio
Giande. sue established comts of justice and extended her
judicial svstem over the tenitory. She established a cus-
tom-house, and collected duties, and also po.-t offices and
po&t roads m it She established a land ofnee, and is>ued
im.neious grants for land within us limits. A Senator arid
TJepiesentative, residing m it, were elected to the Con-
gie^s of the republic, and served as such before the act of
annexation took place. In both the Congress and Conven-
tion of Texas, which gave their assent to the teim* of an-
nexation to the United Stales, proposed by our Oongr^s,
weie Repiesentatives residing west of the Nueces, who took
part in ihe act of annexation itself. This was the Texas
whieh, by the act of our Congress of the 29th of December,
1845, was admitted as one of the States of our Union."
Could language be more explicit? Could any
question be more clearly decided by the Presi-
dent's own authority? What did the President
hold as the western boundary of Texas? The
Rio Grande, from its mouth to its source. The
President churned it as incorporated into the bounds
of the Union. General Kearny was one of the
officers of the President; and the act of the sub-
ordinate was the act of his principal, unless dis-
avowed. General Kearny established a Territorial
Government at Santa Fe, in the midst of a coun-
try claimed by the President to belong to the Uni-
ted States. In this territory Kearny goes on to
appoint civil officers—judges, and an attorney
general. (Did the gentleman from Illinois ever
hear of such a military officer as an attorney
general?) And more than this: By one act he
naturalized all the people as people of the United
States. Now, who were these men ? Mr. S. should
like to hear on that subject the opinions of the
gentleman who represented the western district of
Texas, (and whogi he had expected to see before
this time taking a part in this debate.) Did he
claim that General Kearny had been establishing
an independent civil government, or not?
* Mr. PILLSBURY said he believed there had
been some little disorder in the proceeding, but he
was not very particular as to what 'form of gov-
ernment had been established.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; and that is the creed
of the whole Democratic party. They are not
very particular whether a form of government be
according to the Constitution or not! Iam. With
my consent no government shall be established
by us in any other way; and whenever the Presi-
dent usurps an authority in my district which the
Constitution has not conferred on him, my voice
shall be heard in loud remonstrance and resistance.
I will not coolly say that I am not very particular
as to what form of government my people are
placed under. I am glad to have heard that reply
from the gentleman from Texas. It is a succinct
statement of the Democratic feeling. If order ex-
ists in a district of the Union, very well; if dis-
order, still it is well. If government is constitu-
tional, good and well; if it is not, very well—pro-
vided , always, that the seven principles (five loaves
and two fishes) are preserved safely. I thank the
gentleman for his answer.
Mr. S. would not inquire what had been the
speeches of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas,] but he would say that the President
had come here claiming a certain territory to be a
part of the United States; yet he disclosed the fact
that it w.as within that same district an attempt had
been made by one of his subordinates to establish
a civil government. Jf that was not a question
proper to be inquired into, what, in the name of
God, could be?
But who were they who had thus been natural-
ized ? He should like to hear. Who were these
inhabitants of Mexico? He understood them to
consist of men of every grade and shade of color,
from the deep sable of the negro to sallow white.
Were these the people required to swear allegiance
to our representative Government? He should
like to know whether the general scheme of natu-
ralization included all of every color? Would
southern gentlemen be good enough to inform
him ?
There was one point from which he hoped the
attention of the House would not be suffered to
escape. Among the things respecting which the
resolution inquired of the President, was the or-
ganization of a government in a territory which
the President claimed as one of the States of this
Union: an impeihim in imperio—a government
within the womb of another government already
recogniscd. He supposed there could be no ques-
tion as to the propriety of at least that part of the
resolution.
But the gentleman from South Carolina, with
his accustomed ability, came to the relief of gentle-
men, by convincing his own friends that they were
all wrong, and that mere was another ground of
defence to be taken. Mr. S. proposed to look at
it for a moment. It was so broad and so bold,
though he did not think the gentleman had in this
instance evinced any very great regard to the doc-
trine of strict construction, or a close attention to
the Constitution, yet he must give him at least the
credit of candor—of a vast amount of candor.
The gentleman took the ground that, where a por-
tion of a foreign country was conquered by force
of arms, there was no law under which it could be
held but merely that of military possession, and
that there could be no legal restrictions on the con-
duct of the military officer so holding it. The
gentleman contended that the general or commo-
dore in command might do whatever it was their
will and pleasure to do: that they might establish
any sort of government they chose—might put
their subordinates on the bench or anywhere else;
nay, that they might cut a judge's head oft', and
the United States Government had no right to in-
quire into their conduct or call them to account
for it, because it was sanctioned by the law of
nations.
The commandant, according to that gentleman,
was a despot, a dictator, a satrap, responsible to
no one. But what was this doctrine ? It was say-
ing that when the Government sent a military offi-
cer abroad, and that officer got possession of a
province of the enemy, he was, ipso facto, installed
dictator, absolute sovereign over such territory,
and might not be called to account by any power
on earth. There was in such a position at least
great boldness; but who, then, were Congress? A
body bound, it seemed, to vote supplies for such a
despot to expend at his pleasure, and not to be
called to account for it.
Mr. RHETT. Is the gentleman representing
that as my doctrine. ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, I so understood it.
Mr. RHETT. What I said was, that a mili-
tary commander, in a conquered province, was a
despot as to law, but not as to the laws of morality
or the laws of nations. He could not do wrong
without its being wrong. Nor did I object to any
call for information.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; but the gentleman yield-
ed it as a privilege on our part. Now, I will not
accept it on such terms. I claim it as a matter of
right.
Mr. S. said that he had accorded to the gentle-
man from South Carolina great candor on this oc-
casion, as on all others. But, if Mr. S. understood
him rightly now, his proposition was only this:
that a military commander was under moral obliga-
tion to do right; but, as far as law was concerned,
might do as he pleased. In .illustration of which
the gentleman said he might cut people's heads
off—ay, a judge's head, if he chose.
Mr. RHETT. Yes, I said so; but I did not
say this would not be immoral; nor do I say he
would not be responsible to his own Government.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, then, he is responsi-
ble to the moral law, and to the law of nations,
and to his own conscience. Now, I hold more
than that. I hold that he is responsible to the
country of which he is the officer, though he may
I have gone abroad and become the conqueror of a
i large territory. To admit a doctrine like this
I would commit Congress to vote supplies that our
! commanders abroad might spend them in regula-
ting the conquered people at their own pleasure,
unchecked by any other human authority. Could
this be so? Suppose Captain Stockton had had a
preference for monarchy, or Captain Fremont had
declared himself king or emperor of California,
| the gentleman's doctrine was that Congress had
nothing to do with it. Seeing the difficulty into
which he had brought himself, the gentleman en-
deavored to escape from it by saying it was not to
be presumed that a captain in the navy or a mili-
tary commander knew much about the Constitu-
tion, and he presumed if they had committed any
irregularity it must have been through ignorance,
" because they were gumps." Now, if the inquiry
proposed was to be made of Colonel Kearny or
Captain Stockton, this might furnish at least some
excuse, though it certainly would not be a valid
defence; but the resolution asked information from
the President of the United States—whether these
acts had been done by instructions from him, or
had received his sanction. He presumed the ex-
cuse of ignorance and of being " a gump'" would
not be made in behalf of the President in that,
quarter. There were some things which might
fairly be presunied, and one was, that the Presi-
dent knew something about the Constitution. If
he did, then it was no matter whether Captain
Stockton did or not. The President was presumed
to know, and the House asked him a plain ques-
tion: " Is this your act? Was it done by vour
authority ? by your instructions ? with your ap-
probation >—or not?"
What did Captain Stockton do? Nothing could
i strike an intelligent man as a matter of graver im-
, portance than the proclamation he had put forth
as Governor Stockton. Could fhe copy generally
given in the papers be authentic? Mr. S. had no
doubt it was. The people might have at first
sought refuge from their amazement under the
notion that it was ail a hoax—a trial of the public
credulity; but Mr. S. was afraid it would turn out
to be no such thing. The joke had been carried
too far. It was sober serious truth. Mr. S. be-
; lieved it correctly to state the terms under which
; he was now holding that territory for the United
| States Government. The proclamation begun
; with declaring himself " commander-in-chief."
! Where did he get that title > Mr. S. had supposed
! that no man was commander-in-chief of the army
i or navy of the United States but the President o
