18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 0,
That was the position which had astonished
Mr. W.; arid it seemed to him very important that
the President should be called on to explain what
was his meaning in this language. In the time of
war, an army might, of course, erect forts out of
any apnropriation"made by Congress for carrying
on the war. There was no need of a special ap-
propriation for that object. But here the President
proposed that Congress should make a special,
separate, independent appropriation, to secure by
fortification the possession of the conquered terri-
tories. And not a woid—not an idea anywhere
hinted at—that these conquered provinces were
not always to belong to the United States, with a
treaty or "without a treaty. The army, as tilings
stood, could do ail that was necessary for the mili-
tary defence of the territories we hod taken posses-
sion of. What an extraordinary thing would it
not be, should the President go on to fortify the
Californias and the other conquered provinces as
a permanent part of our Union! Could this be
done under any of the provisions of the Consti-
tution, or, indeed, under the sanction of any
principle of the law of nations, or of any prece-
dent but that of the French Government during
the wildest excesses of its revolutionary power?
In these parts of the message there was surely
enough to call for the serious attention of the peo-
ple of the United States. They had a right to
know what were the intentions of the President in
carrying on tins war. Jf the Executive was afraid
to tell in presence of the nation, let him make the
communication with closed doors: but, surely it
was the rii>ht of the representatives of the people
to know something of ihe policy intended to be
pursued under the existing and most extraordma- j
ry state of thing^.
Mr. W. did not mean to imply that the Presi-
dent's mc^snge should have been longer. It was
I0112: enough, Hearen knew : indeed, he began to ;
fear that they should have to apply the hour rule ;
to the President's messages as well as to the j
speeches of their own members. [A laugh.] Never;
before had such a document been sent to weary :
the ears and wear out the eyes of Congress. Mr.
W. had looked at our past Executive messages,
and he could tell the House a discovery he had
made. The length of our Executive messages
seemed to have been regularly growing from a
certain epoch. He found that from the first mes-
sage of Washington to the last message of his ven-
erable colleague, [Mr. Johx Gt. Adams,] whose ill-
ness we all so deeply regretted, the whole of the
Presidential messages taken together, during a pe-
riod of forty years, occupied only about three hun-
dred and thirty p'ures in the printed volume: while
the messages of President Jackson and Van Buren
alone, during a period of twelve years, took up
three hundred and fifty pages in the same volume.
This one message of Mr. Polk's was longer, he
believed, than all General Washington's ei^ht mes-
sages. So much for the progress of Executive
dictation. Former Presidents had not so much
to explain, says a friend. So, they certainly did
not do so much winch required and demanded ex-
planation. Mr. W. would not therefore have de-
sired the President to add anything to the length
of his messasrc: but he would have wished him to
be more explicit on some points. He had-told all
he desired to tell: but he had taken care to sup-
press that which the people had a right to know.
Everybody must have perceived how charily he
touched on some points. Speaking of the subtrea-
snry, he had contented himself with saying that it
was an excellent thing, but needed .some little al-
teration, without telling where; taking care not to
say whether he meant the striking out of the specie
clause.
The tariff, too, that wns an excellent law in-
deed; yet that too, he said, wanted a little altera-
tion in. the list of free articles, taking special care
not to uvimate that he meant to propose a tax on
tea and coffee, to eke out the deficiencies of his
horizontal tariff, and enable him to carry on his
war of conquest and invasion. All it needed was
a slight alteration in the free list! Very harmless '
Nobody could quote him on the stump as recom-
mending a duty on tea and coffee, though every-
body must see that he can mean nothing else.
He talked much about the importance of econ-
omy in time of war, but took especial care not to
say in terms that his real meaning was, that there
should be no appropriations for rivers or harbors,
eastern or western. He talked much about the
Mexican war, but carefully avoided telling what
he meant should be done with the conquered prov-
inces. He dealt abundantly with the past, but said
not a syllable of the future. He congratulated the
nation on their acquisitions as an extension, a "vast
extension," of our territorial limits, and he wanted
an appropriation to enable him to erect fortifica-
tions in a foreign country, to secure and maintain
our possession and -authority! Mr. W. thought
it high time the President should tell Congress and
the nation whether he meant to annex all these
new provinces to the Union; whether he meant to
do it by the war power, or even whether it was his
policy to do it by any less arbitrary proceeding.
Ho trusted there would be no more foisting m of
new territory into the limits of the Union. We
had had enough of this, and more than enough, m
the annexation of Texas. That was first attempt- j
ed by treaty, but the scheme failed; then legisla- :
tion was declared sufficient. Was it now to be
declared that the mere exercise of the war power t
was sufficient to enable the President to annex ter- j
ritory to the Union ? This, to be sure, would be a |
summary mode of settling some very awkward ques- !
tions. Ithad been suggested already thattheremight :
be great difficulty in making a treaty of peace with i
Mexico. There might possibly be some embar- ,
rassing little proviso proposed by some Democratic j
Representative from Pennsylvania, or by some- j
body else; and this it might be very convenient to j
avoid, by considering all the conquered provinces !
as our own, until Congress shall deny it. Strange
tilings had happened of late years; and he was
satisfied that the people of the United States were
neier more called on to be upon their guard against
arbitrary acts, than they were under an Adminis-
tration calling itself exclusively Democratic. Fie
trusted they would be on their guard now, and
would insist on knowing what new annexations,
what new " bloodless achievements" were in store
for them, and by what means they were to be
accomplished.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, obtained the
floor, and declined yielding it to the earnest request
of Mr. Daniel, who seemed very desirous, indeed,
to read a doenment he held in his hand, (under-
stood to be a proclamation of Mr. Madison.) He
yielded it, however, to—
Mr. VINTON, who proposed the following
modification of the call:
" And whether said governments, or any of
them, or any part of any of them, is within the
territory of the State of Texas."
Mr. G. DAVIS signified his acceptance of the
modification as a part of his resolution.
Mr. HAIIALSON was understood now to say
that the call being thus modified, he did not with-
draw the qualification he had moved.
Mr. HOLMES said he had not risen with a
view either to vindicate or to condemn either the
President or Captain Stockton; hut he rose, thus
in the very commencement of the session, to vin-
dicate, if it were possible, the laws of nations.
Mr. H. said he had been astonished to hear the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop]
give his endorsement to all that his colleague [Mr.
Rhett] had advanced as the doctrine of the law
of nations.
Mr. WINTHROP here interposed to say that
he had not intended to be understood as endorsing
all that had been said by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] but only what that gen-
tleman had stated in relation to the distinction be-
tween civil and military governments.
Mr. HOLMES resumed. If such doctrines
were to be received as authentic, then were we not
only engaged in a course of conquest, but in a
course which was to supersede altogether the laws
which had hitherto bound the nations of the earth
together. What! was it to be believed that a
military conqueror might do whatever he pleased
in a conquered territory? And was the old Ro-
man adage about the silence of the laws in war to
be gravely brought in and quoted to an American
Congress?
Mr. H. would turn to Vattel, and show at once
what was now the doctrine of the law of nations.
Whatever might have been the practice of nations
in the times of ancient barbarism, the minds of
men had been enlightened and enlarged by the all-
subduing influence of the Christian religion; and
the nations of the world were now bound to each
other by a compact understood and respected by
all; the provisions of which had been studied and
reduced to stated laws; the violation of which
would condemn this or any other nation to merited
infamy. [He quoted Vattel.] As to the question
whether the governments which a conquering na-
tion might establish over territory of the nation
conquered were to be temporary or permanent,
Vattel settled'it at once; according to him ^(iey
might be temporary only.
But what had the conqueror a right to do? Not
all that his mere discretion might dictate, but all
that self-defence required. If a province was con-
quered, and the people, ceasing all resistance, sub-
mitted themselves to the power of their conquer-
ors, the commanding general was bound to treat
them with clemency, and not with military rigor.
If he was guilty of any oppression or severity to-
ward peaceable inhabitants; if he decapitated them
at will, as it had been said he might do, he'was
amenable for it to the law of nations; or if he acted
as a judge, then he was responsible to the civil law
of his own country.
Mr. H. went further; he denied that the Presi-
dent had ever endorsed the acts of Commodore
Stockton. His friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
contended that he had, in the language of his mes-
sage; but Mr. H. insisted that the President could
not have done this if he possessed the least possi-
ble acquaintance with the law of nations. So far
as the right of a victorious nation went to dictate
laws to "the people they had conquered, whose
land they held in military possession, all the rights
they had in this respect were the rights of the sov-
ereign they had dispossessed, and no more; and
they were bound to preserve and administer the
laws they found existing in the conquered coun-
try. They had no power to establish any other
laws than these.
Mr. SCHENCK here read from Vattel, where
that writer declares that the conqueror acquired
only the rights of the dethroned sovereign.
Mr. HOLMES, resuming, said that from this
passage gentlemen might see at once 111 what posi-
tion the United States Government stood in rela-
tion to the Mexican territory of which we had
taken military possession. We had commenced
a career of conquests, which he trusted would
continue so long as it was necessary that any bat-
tles should be fought with the enemy. But what
would be the consequence if such doctrines as had
been broached here by his colleague should go
forth to the world as the creed of the American
Government? It had been said that the conqueror
of a territory had a right to dissolve the govern-
ment lie found in it, and to establish a new govern-
ment entirely; that he had a right to dissolve the
allegiance of the people to their own Government,
and transfer it to that of their conquerors—to de-
clare them citizens of another dominion, and to
punish them as for treason if they lifted their arm
against the government imposed upon them.
Mr. H. reminded gentlemen that we had our-
selves once been but the provinces of Great Britain.
We asserted our independence, and it had been re-
cognised by Prance. Great Britain endeavored to
quell our rebellion; had she succeeded in that
attempt and reconquered us to her control, and had
she then proclaimed that our several State govern-
ments should exist no longer, but placed us all
under one consolidated government of her own,
j! what would have been thought and said of such a
jj proceeding, even in that day, when the law of 11a-
ji tions had not then been investigated and expanded,
ii as had since been done under the genial and liber-
i! alizing influence of Christianity' There would
jj have been one general shout of indignation through-
|j out all Europe.
!i Mr. H. here referred to the infliction of the pains
and penalties of treason against the illustrious Mr.
11 Hayne, of South Carolina, who in consequence
| had obtained the noble and enviable sobriquet of
j! " the Martyr.'' The mere attempt had kindled
!; the bosom of every patriot in the land to a flame.
|] But hete it was contended that we might do that
! very thing wholesale, subjecting all the inhabitants
j of an extensive country to the punishment of trea-
li son who should refuse a peaceable submission to
!, our Government. Mr. H. rejected—he denied all
| such tenets. He regretted the necessity of this,
but with him truth lose superior to any man and
11 to any party. Should the proclamation which had
ii been put forth by Commodore Stockton be recog-
,> msed by the American Government, then he would
lj call on every honest patriotic man to raise his voice
'' against such a proceeding. But the President bet-
