1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
settlement of the claims of our citizens upon Mexi-
co had been fteld back purposely, for the sake of
furnishing accumulated pretexts for the present
war, he had not a doubt. He believed that in
reference to all that related to the questions of
Texas and of Mexico, the present Administra-
tion was identical with the much-denounced ad-
ministration of John Tyler. In fact the plan of
this war originated with Mr. Tyler; it was his
war, and it was his plan which was now carried
out by those in power. Mr. D. was understood
to say that he had the means of proving personally
something about the management of our claims, as
he had been professionally concerned in prosecu-
ting many of them. ^Vhenever a settlement was
urged the constant excuse ffiven had been, " Oh,
wait a little; we'll fix it all,'but we want a little
delay." The settlement had been postponed in
order-that they might be made the foundation for
the acquisition of territory and the establishment
of a boundary. The Government might choose
to set forth a long list of wrongs as tne causes of
this war, but its real drift was the acquisition of
Mexican territory and the establishment of bound-
aries. It was well enough that our people's
claims should be paid; and if the Government
had acted in good faith they might all have been
paid long ago. But if the amount was not obtain-
ed directly from Mexico our own Government
ought to have paid it, and in this way furthered a
Settlement with Mexico for boundary. But the
present message was designed to blink the actual
state of our affairs, not to explain it.
How had it been in 1830, under the administra-
tion of Mr- Van Buren? We made a treaty then
respecting these claims, according to which the
claimants were to be paid the amount of their sev-
eral demands in a lump, at the city of New York.
That treaty was the law of the land; and under it
the claimants had a vested right to payment. But,
instead of paying them in a lump at New York,
their demands were now made payable by instal-
ments, and at the city of Mexico. Here, without
the knowledge or consent of the parties most im-
mediately interested, these claims were postponed
by the Administration.
It was a gentleman formerly in the Senate, and
now elevated to a high station in the Government,
who liist started the project of the annexation of
Texas; and these claims had been postponed in
order that their payment might be made the basis
of a settlement of boundaries. The Mexican Gov-
ernment agreed to settle them by a commission
which was to expire in eighteen months, three or
four months of which period were taken up in
quibbles and frivolous pretexts for delay. But in
•1843 it had been agreed to appoint another com-
mission, but the place of its meeting had been
changed to the city of Mexico. The Senate had
subsequently again put back the settlement, and
there the matter stood now.
The claimants had not received a dollar of their
claims, save some very small appropriation at the
last session. They were besieging the doors of
the Halls of Congress, telling their representatives
that they were ruined for the want of their just
dues; yet their Government had refused them a
dollar. And why 5 Becausc it was the deliberate
policy of the Administration#to keep off the day
of payment purposely with a view to the question
of boundary. Such, at least, was Mr. D.'s firm
belief. He had no idea that the President ever
meant to make these claims a ground of war with
Mexico, whatever the message might represent.
Mexico had paid the instalments of this debt as
the^ fell due up to the time of starting the question
of boundary. Her dispute with us was not on
the question of Texan independence, but on the
question how far the bounds of Texas extended;
and, to this day, the cause of her refusal to pay
was alleged to be, not the independence of Texas
or its annexation, but the question how far its
limits extended.
The President, then went on to prove that, in
prosecuting this war with Mexico, he had only
been protecting the territory of the United States.
On that subject he had sat him down and penned
the following: " Texas constituted a part of Louis-
iana in 1803"" There was our title, and on that
basis the President followed up our claim all the
way up to the Rio del Norte. We claimed Texas,
Mexico claimed it; but France never set up such a
claim. Even Talleyrand never advanced it; and
the only ground on which it was claimed at all
was the alleged fact that La Salle had landed there.
But where did La Salle land ? Historians had not
told us the spot, and nobody knew it but the mai)
himself* He might have landed in one place, and
he might have landed in another. Louis XIV
claimed it; but everybody knew that Louis's no-
tions of limited territory were exceedingly indefi-
nite. He considered America as one vast un-
broken wilderness. On so slight a foundation as
this the President said that our title ran up to the
banks of the Rio Grande; but he showed nothing
to support the claim. He referred to the ftictthat
this boundary was claimed byTexas; and that by
our Minister, Mr. Monroe, it was also claimcd.
We know that he did advance such a claim; but
what was the value of such an argument as that?
Because a minister, a diplomat, acting in the spirit of
a feed counsel, pleading on behalf of his own Gov-
ernment, advanced a certain claim, did that prove
it to be vabd ? Did that confer any title? If it
did, then at some future day might (he messages
of President Polk and the letters of Mr. Buchanan
be paraded before the Democracy of this country
as conferring on us a title to " the whole of Ore-
gon." [A laugh.] And, truly, there would be
more force in such a proof of our title to Oregon
than was afforded by Mr. Monroe's claim to the
Rio Grande in favor of our title to Texas. Yet
that was the ground of our title, on which was to
be founded an ultimate resort to arms. Mr. D.
did not deny the right of Texas to act for heiself;
and if Mexico denied it she had no right to do so.
But the President then went into a long argument
to prove that Santa Ana ought to have had leave
to pass through our blockade and return to his
country, because Mr. Polk was afraid of the power
ofParedes; because Paredes was opposed to the"
United States and to the liberty of the press, whiie
Santa Ana was the reverse. To read what the
message said about that monster in human form,
one would think him a poor, oppressed, ill-treated,
miserable, but amiable creatine; and he was to be
brought back into Mexico because he was not op-
posed to the interests of the United States, and was
not in favor of monarchy, (not he') as Paredes was;
and he was to he let in to pull Paredes down and
give us good terms for a treaty. Yet it was tins
very Santa Ana who had pledged his honor to the
Texans that, if they would only let him go, he
would use all his influence to get a settlement of
all their difficulties with Mexico; yet the moment
he got home renewed the war and denounced
the Texans as rebels. This was the man to be
brought back by us—the man who had perpetrated
the inhuman atrocities of thef Alamo. This mon-
ster was now to be deified by an American Presi-
dent, aware of all these facts, and the commander
of our blockading squadron was ordered not to
molest him on his return home. Was this wretch,
covered with the blackest of crimes, thus brought
back with a view to the settlement of our people's
claims? No such thing; but with a view to the
question of boundary. There was some humbug-
gery about all this, which had not yet met the pub-
lic eye. Mr. D. hoped the inquiry would be made
of the President, whether or not any passport was
actually furnished to him to pass our blockadc and
enter Vera Cruz. The official organ averred
stoutly that no such passport had been given; and
very possibly no such pass had been signed by
Mr. Polk's autograph; but it could have been done
by his officer and his order.
Mr. D. said that Santa Ana was seized bv the
hand, and Mr. Polk brought him back to Mexico.
When the people learned that a man like this was
thus treated by our own President for the sake of
a negotiation about boundary, what would they
j think? And what had been the result of this most
I redoubtable piece of state finesse? The result was
I manifest to all: it was such as might have been
! expcctcd from taking back this most deadly enemy
; of the United States, and reinstating him m power.
I The outrage was equalled, and even exceeded, by
! the folly.
: As to the faddle about his being opposed to a
monarchical government, while Paredes was in
favor of it, every one knew that Santa Ana was
now in fact the dictator, who governed Mexico at
his pleasure; and was exciting the whole Mexican
people to indomitable resistance to our arms. The
admission of this miscreant into Mexico was likely
yet to cost us millions of treasure and torrents of
precious blood. 1
[A Voice: u Might not Mr. Polk be charged ♦
with giving aid and comfort to Santa Anai" A
laugh.]
Mr. D. went on to say that the President labor-
ed hard to show that It was because Mexico re-
fused the payment of our claims that this war was
entered upon; and further, because Mexico refused
to receive our minister, Mr. Siidell. But it was
no such thing. Mexico had agreed to receive an
agent to treat about the question of boundary, but
never to receive a full minister; on the contrary,
she said she could not receive a full minister, be-
cause that would be recognising the existence of
peaceful relations between the two countries, and
would lay her under obligation to send back a full
minister to us.
Mr. CHARLES J. .INGERSOLL (chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations) inquired
of Mr. Darragh whether he had any document-
ary evidence to prove this?
Mr. DARRAGH replied that he had; and re-
ferred Mr. I. to the note of Mr. Black to Mr.
Buchanan. But let this pass.
Mr. Polk undertakes to say how, after contin-
ued threats of invasion of Texas by Mexico, he
ordered our army to advance; that is, he com-
menced the war. He savs:
" Accordingly, a portion of the army was ordered to ad-
vance into Texas. Coi pu> Christi wa* the portion selected
hv Genera! Taj lor. He encamped at that place m August,
184.",, and the as my remained in that position until the 11th
of March, 3846. when it moved westward, and on the
twenty-eighth of that month reached the e.i-t bank of the
Rio Grande opposite to Matamoios. Tim movement was
made m pur>uance of oidcr^ from the War Department,
issued on the thirteenth of January, 1818. Before these
orders were issued, the despatch of our Minister in Mexico,
transmitting the decision of the Council of Government of
Mexico, advising that he should not be received, and al«o
the despatch of our cnns-ul lt'-kling in the city ofMexico—
the former hearing date on the seventeenth, and the latter
on the eighteenth of December, 1845, copies of both of
which accompanied my message to Congress of the eleventh
of May iast—were received at the Department of State.
These communications lendeic-d it highly piobable, if not
ab^olutHy certain, that our Mutator would not he received
bv the G)veinment of General Iknera. It wab also well
known that hut little hopo could he entertained of a differ-
ent result fiom General Pare<jj?in ca->c the revolutionary
movement which hewn* piosn utmg should p ove success-
ful, as was highly probable. The paitisans of Paredes, a*
our Minister, in the despatch referred to. state?, breathed
the fiercest hostility ag.unst fie United State5, denounced
the proposed negotiation as treason, and openly called upon
the troop- and the people to put clown the Government of
Herrera bv force. The reconquest of Teta?, and war with
the United Slates, were openly threatened. These were the
circumstances existing, wiien it was deemed proper to or-
d the army under the command of General Taylor to ad-
vance to the western fi on tier of Texas, and occupy a posi-
Uon on or near the Rio Grande."
.Here he set forth that he had not ordered the
army to advance till he knew that Mexico would
not receive our Minister. He conveyed the -im-
pression that because Mexico refused Mr. Siidell,
it was necessary to order the advance of the army,
but Mr. D. would show that the Administration
had no other design before that than that the army
should advance to the Rio Grande. Orders were
given to General Taylor to that effect long before.
While he lay at Corpus Chnsti ho was not dis-
turbed, and would not have been. The Mexicans
told him, when he did advance, that he must retire
behind the Nueces. So long, however, as he xe-
rnained at Corpus Chnsti, though on the west of
that river, he was still on its banks; and the Mexi-
can army had no orders to annoy him there. But
Mr. D. would call the attention of the House to
the order of George Bancroft, (then acting as Sec-
retary of War, but now doubtless basking in the
presence of royalty.) The order wrs marked
" confidential,'5 and dated 15th June, 18-15. [Mr.
D. here quoted the note, which apprized the Gen-
eral, then lying at Fort .Tesup, that his ultimate
destination was the left bank of the Rio Grande.]
The President would have the country believe
that it was not till jifter all patience and forbear-
ance were completely exhausted that the order was
given for the army to advance; whereas, in truth
and in fact, such an order had been given through
Mr. Bancroft lon«" before.. Mr. X). would thank
some friend of the Administration to explain that
order. In May previous General Taylor was left
at liberty to move the army where he pleased, but
he had too mucdi sense to advance, because he
well knew that if he succeeded the Administra-
tion would claim all the credit, (as they now did,)
but if he failed they would cast all the blame upon
him. He, therefore, remained where he was till
the order was renewed. I: was a mere quibble,
intended to effect delusion, to say that the order to
the army to advance was not given till after Mexi-
