22
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
co had refused to receive our Minister, and the
Mexican forces were collected on the Rio Grande.
When at length the army did advance, they were
met by the Mexican officers, who told them that
the territory between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande was a subject of negotiation, to^ be taken
possession of by neither party until the ooundary
should be settled by treaty. Had the settlement
of that line been left to negotiation there would
have been no war at this day.
Mr. D. wished to add a word or two on the
question where our boundary was finally to be..
He was quite sick of leaving boundary questions
to be settled by Mr. Polk. On the Oregon ques-
tion, he had eaten his own words, and had, under
the poor pretext of leaving it to the Senate, ceded j
away a large part of what he said was our own.
Mr. D. had no idea, therefore, of leaving the
Mexican boundary to be settled by him. And
here he must say, that he was utterly opposed to
the acquisition of one foot of Mexican territory,
if our possession carried with it the existence of
slavery there. Mr. D. did not introduce this sub-
ject of slavery now for any purpose of producing
excitement. The action of the Government seem-
ed directed expressly to the extension of slavery
and the wrongs connected with it. This was vii-
tually the cause and root of the present war. How
would one of the framers of our Constitution have
been amazed to hear the extension of slavery jus-
tified on the floor of an American Congress. Even
in 1774 no such idea was entertained. That noble
monument of the spirit of freedom, the non-impor- j
tation act, included in it the condemnation of sla- '
very. The celebrated three-fifths resolution never
contemplated that slavery should be extended.
The members from the noithern States, when they
assented to that resolution, said to their brethren
of the South, you have been so entwined with this
matter of slavery, that you do not seein able to get
rid of it; we will consent to let it remain where it
is, and as it is; but never would they have agreed
that it should be extended by the acquisition of
territory. The act of 1774 was followed by the
Declaration of Independence; and surely no one
would say that the extension of slavery was ever
contemplated in that instrument. As little was it
contemplated by the Constitution of the United
States. So far were the States from contemplating
such a thing, that, in the ordinance of 1787, when
the States northwest of the Ohio were provided
for, it had been expressly stipulated that slavery
should not be tolerated there, except for crime.
The members from South Carolina voted for this
very pointed act. This clearly showed that they
meant that slavery should exist only where it then
was. Not a voice was heard in favor of its exten-
sion. On the contrary, such men as Jefferson and
Randolph of Virginia, Martin of Maryland, Wil-
son of Pennsylvania, and Iredell of North Caro-
lina, all expressed opinions in opposition to it.
Therefoie Mr. D., in the acquisition of teiritory,
would look to the end to he accomplished. Were '!
we ultimately to have all these provinces added to |
the United States? Nobody knew. The Prosi-j|
dent said one thing to-day, and did quite another j:
to-morrow. If we were to have these countries i
fixed upon us, so as to extend the area of slavery, H
he wouid not vote money for any such purpose.
He knew that men of the South were, many of,:
them, men of lofty feelings; and Mr. D. should |j
have been glad to conceal his feelings and views I
on this subject, if it had not been his duty to de- |j
clare them. He said to gentlemen, "You have il
no authority by the Constitution to extend sla- t'
very; you have no right to extend such a blot, L
sucb a paradox, against the Declaration of Indc- '!
pendente. The feelings of this age would not
permit it—it could not be done—civilization alone
would, of itself, stop such an attempt; and the
time was come when this question had to be
met." I
Here Mr. D.'s hour expired, and the Speaker's I
hammer fell.
Mr. STANTON observed that, in listening to j
the remarks of gentlemen on the other side, it ,
had seemed to him that the lesolution of inquiry ]
did not cover all the designs intended to be reached !
by it. He thought he discovered a purpose more |
extensive than this resolution, especially as at first !
offered, would accomplish, its modification this
morning by the mover, as well as the vast extent
of the remarks made by his friends, had confirmed
him in his original opinion. He thought it was
clear, and must be admitted, that the purpose was
not merely to dispute the power of the President
or his officers to establish temporary governments
in provinces held by our arms, that this resolution
was intended. It was not to inquire into the au-
thority given to our generals to establish such
governments. There was something further, at
present hidden in the distance. To that point the
gentlemen on the other side seemed to have directed
their exertions; for they have roamed over the
whole field of the President's message, denouncing
the policy of the existing war in its commence-
ment, every step of its prosecution, and in its anti-
cipated result. I do not propose to follow them
now. Another occasion will ho more suitable.
The authorities on the subject of national law
made it clear that it was both the right and the
duty of our commanders to establish some form of
government, to take some measures for the pres-
ervation of order in the territories they might sub-
due and seize. This was claimed by mere hu-
manity in a country which had had the fortune of
being conquered in time of war. AYhat were the
principles laid down by the writers oil national
law? They weie referable to the practice and
usages of nations and the dictates of conscience.
The laws of nations and of ris>ht reason, as well
as the dictates of conscience, all seemed to concur
in this, that when an independent country fell, by
the fortune of war, under the power of a con-
queror, the victorious nation had a right to retain
it until ceded or restored. The fact of its posses-
sion originated the necessity of the establishment
of a government ot' some sort; but these gentlemen
made a distinction between the right to set up a
civil and a military government. Now, if wc had
a right only to establish a military government
over these conquered temtorics, and our officers
had, instead, appointed civil governors, judges,
and other inferior officers, it should be considered
rather as a favor. Instead of governing them, in
a despotic manner, by the naked sword, they were
treated move leniently and with more indulgence
if their civil rights were secured.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wis-
throp] thought that he discovered something very
ominous in certain expressions used by the Presi-
dent in the message. " This light," the President
said, " has been exeicised, and this duty perform-
'eil, by our military and naval commandcrs, by
' the establishment of temporary governments in
1 some of the conquered provinces in Mexico, as-
1 similating them as far as practicable to the free
'institutions of our own country." Mr. S. said
he had observed in tire quotations read from Yattel
the principle here referred to by the Executive.
Mr. WINTHROP said that it was not in these
words, but in the sentence next following, which
spoke about securing our conquests by fortifica-
tions, that Mr. W. had found matter of alarm.
When reading the sentence just quoted by the
gentleman over the way, he had expressly added,
the gentleman would recollect, that, if the Presi-
dent had stopped there, there would have been less
to fear. It was to the next sentence that Mr.
W.'s remarks particularly referred.
Mr. STANTON resumed. This course was
strictly accoiding to the principles of the writers
on national law and the dictates of sound reason.
[Here Mr. S. quoted a passage from Yattel, in
which that writer declared, that if a free town were
conquered by an absolute monarch, it need not
think of ever again enjoying its free privileges.]
That certainly implied that it was the right and
the duty of the conqueror to establish in the con-
quered territory a government like his own. So
'• far, then, as the gentleman's fears arose out of this
: part of the message, if they could be calmed by a
I reference to precedents and to the principles of
i national law, they might all be dismissed.
I Another question lmd been noticed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio over the way, [Mr. Schenck,]
viz: that while the President maintained that the
Rio Grande was the western boundary of Texas,
and Santa Fe lay to the east of that river, in estab-
lishing a government there by the Executive, a
power had been assumed which the President did
not possess under the Constitution. But the fact
was, that the country between the eastern and
western branches of the Rio del Norte, and which
included the town of Santa Fe, had been in actual
possession of Mexico. It was in fact a part of
Mexico. While it was thus claimed as a part, of
Mexico, we conquered it by force of arms, and
thus we had the same right to establish govern-
ment in it as a conquered territory, as we had to
.establish like government in Chihuahua or in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. SCHENCK here said that he understood
the gentleman, while he claimed al! territory east
of the Rio Grande as a part of Texas, and so as
constituting a part of the United States, yet ad-
mitted that Mexico held in possession and actual
control that part of it which embraced the town
of Santa Fe. How did he reconcile this fact with
what was said in the message ?
'■ During a period of more than nine years, which inter-
vened between the adoption of the Constitution and her an-
nexation as one of the States of our Union, Texas asserted
and exeicised many acts of sovereignty and jurisdiction over
the tenltory and inhabitant* west of the Nueces. She or-
ganized ant! defined the limits of counties extending to the
Rio Grande. She established courts of justice, and extend-
i ed her judicial system over the territory. She established a
1 eirtom-house, and coilected duties, and also post oflices
and post roads m it. She established a land office, and is-
sued numerous giants for land wttiiin its limits. A Sena-
tor and a Rrpreventative residing in it wrae elected to the
Congress of the republic, and served as such before the act
of annexation took place. In both the Congress and Con-
vention of Texas, which gave their asjent to the terms of
annexation to the United States, proposed by our Congress,
were Representatives residmgwest of the Nueces, who took
part in the aet of annexation itself."
All this the President had said of the country
fiom the mouth of the Rio Grande to its source.
Mr. STANTON, resuming, said, in the follow-
ing passage of the message there is no uncertainty;
" The Congress of Texas, on the nineteenth of December,
passed 'An aet to define the boundaries of the republic
of Texas,' in which thev declared the Rio Grande from its
mouth to its source to be their boundary ; and by the said
act they extended their 'civil and political jurisdiction' oier the
countiy u.p to thnt boundary."
Here the President is speaking of the claim of
Texas; and it is clear that he means from the
mouth of the Rio Grande to the source of its prin-
cipal branch, including the Santa Fe country.
But in the remaining part of the passage quoted
by the gentleman from Ohio, in which the Presi-
dent speaks of the acts of authority exercised by
Texas between the Nueces and the Rio Grande,
there is no expression implying that such author-
ity was exercised over the territory from the mouth
of the Rio Grande to the source of its principal
branch. Such asseitions might well have been
made of the territory from the mouth to the source
of the smaller branch of that river. The expres-
sions used by the President are, "countries ex-
tending to the Rio Grande".—" inhabitants west of
the Nueces," &c. These evidently do not imply
thatTexas exercised authority over the Santa Fe
country. The President did not intend to assert,
nor, I presume, can any one say, the jurisdiction of
Texas was ever actually extended so far. But
the territory ea3t of the smaller branch of the Rio
del Norte, from its source to the mouth of the main
river, was unquestionably in the power and pos-
session of Texas; and it was here that all the mili-
tary operations prior to the commencement of the
war by Mexico, were carried on by our Govern-
ment—here, in a territory beyond dispute ours, in
spite of the loud complaints and extraordinary re-
sistance made on the other side of this House.
Mr. SCHENCK here begged leave to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee one question. Would
I that gentleman inform him whether he believed
that the town of Santa Fe was within the United
! States, or within one of the election districts of
Texas? And, if he did, how he reconciled that
fact with the establishment by the Executive of a
civil government there?
Mr. STANTON. I answer the gentleman by
stating, that 1 have never believed Santa Fe to be
| within the territory of Texas, although I believe
; that the territory between the Nueces and the Rio
| Grande, with an unsettled boundary, as the river
advanced, is within her jurisdiction. I believe
that that has properly belonged to Texas ever
since the battle of San Jacinto. That is my
answer. I might refer to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wixthrop,]
yesterday, in reference to that part of the mes-
sage of the President, near its commencement, in
which he alludes to the opposition made in many
quarters to this war—the denunciations by gentle-
men on that side of the House, and by the news-
papers of their party throughout the country—
and the general line of conduct which the Presi-
dent characterizes as affording " aid and comfort*1
to the enemy. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts seems to think that the President is trenching
