1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
on the liberty of debate in this House; that he is
assuming the high and despotic power of declaring
those who make these speeches and publish these
articles guilty of treason. Now, sir, in reference
to that I have only this to say, that so far as I
know the view.? of the President—certainly so far
as my own views are concerned—debate here is as
free as any gentleman could desire ii to be, Those
who regard this war as unjust have the right to
say so. Those who regard it as an Executive
war may so characterize it when and where and
as often as they please. Those who behold our
brave volunteers marching to the mouth of the
cannon, and falling on the bloody field of battle,
and yet believe that they are engaged in an-unjust
cause, have a right, if they choose, to dampen the
spirits of our armies, ana animate the hearts of
the foe, by saying so. It is their privilege to do
so. But if we say that by such language they
are affording " aid and comfort" to the enemy, we
claim but the same right to characterize their con-
duct as it deserves to be characterized. The
President states nothing but facts. He states that
these declarations—these articles from the leading
papers of the opposite party in this city—have
been published throughout Mexico; have been
proclaimed to the people of that country as evi-
dence that the United States are not able to main-
tain their dignity and honor in this war. These
are facts which gentlemen 011 the opposite side
cannot dispute. Is the.President to be muzzled,
and prohibited from stating these facts? They
have an important bearing upon this controversy
«—they have an important bearing upon the in-
terests of the country; and it is the duty of the
President, as well as his privilege, to announce
these facts. I claim the same privilege on this
floor. And those who, on the other side, claim
the privilege of saying what they please, must not
deprive us of the privilege of answering these de-
nunciations as we may deem proper.
But Mr. S. went on here to say that he thought
he had seen in the debate of yesterday an incipient
opposition to what was to be the great measure of
the age—h<j meant the annexation of California to
the United States. The President asserted, and so
did Mr. S., that this war had not been undertaken
for the sake of conquest. It was nob a war of
conquest. It was not the design of the American
Government t.o wrest from Mexico ^any. part of,
her territory unjustly; but the man must he blind
who did not see that the state of things must lead
to the result of depriving her of some portions of
it. So far as the views of the President were con-
cerned, Mr. S. argued from the language of the
message alone; he had 110 authority to say any-
thing beyond that. He stated his own views.
Others would judge for themselves, as he did.
And now he came to that sentence which had
excited such vivid apprehensions in the mind of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. It read thus:
"It may be proper to piovidu for the security of these
important conquests, by making an adequate appropriation
for the purpose of erecting foihfications and defraying the
expenses necessarily incident to the maintenance of our pos-
session and authority over them/5
And also to another, which read thus:
"In this view it is deemed important to hold military
possession of all the provinces which have been taken, un-
til a definitive treaty of peace shall bave been concluded
and ratified by the two countries. The war has not been
waged with a view to conquest; but having been com-
menced by Mexico, it has heen earned into the enemy's
country, and will be vigorously prosecuted there, witli a
view to obtain an honorable peace, and thereby secure am-
ple indemnity foi the expenses of the war, as well as to our
nmeh-injurod citizens, who hold Urge pecuniary demands
against >Ic\ico.",_,
And again:
" Anions our just causes of complaint agan^t Mexico,
arising out of her refusal to treat for peace, as well before
as since the war so unjustly commenced on her part, are
the extraoidinary expenditure* 111 which we have been in-
volved. Justice to our own people will make it proper
that Mexico should be held responsible l'oi these e.\pendi-
tnres."
Now, this is our position. "We arc at war with a
Power which has outraged our rights for many
years, and which hos refused all negotiation. We
have not even commenced the war ourselves. She
has been the aggressor. Ry the violence and treach-
ery of Mexico we have been involved in millions
of expense, in addition to the millions of which
she has robbed our citizens. She has no com-
merce upon which we could make reprisals. We
might seize her personal property and make it ab-
solutely our own. But in the prosecution of the
war we have conquered and seized large portions
of her territory—a territory badly governed, or
rather not governed at all, and to the inhabitants
of which the establishment of enlightened and libe--
ral government would be a blessing.
Now, I insist that Mexico must pay the amount*
of which she has robbed our citizens, and she must
be made to pay also the expenses of this war, in
which she has so unjustly involved us. Every
principle of right demands this result, and I hope
the war will be prosecuted vigorously with this
view. Indeed, the passages quoted from the Presi-
dent's message are explicit on this point; and if he
should be sustained by Congress, the full measure
of justice will be demanded and obtained. What
are the means of indemnification in the posses-
sion of Mexico? Clearly nothing but her terri-
tory. We have seized and conquered this, in
order to distress, weaken, and subdue the enemy,
as well as to force her to make reparation for all
her wrongs. This conquest will be retained until
a satisfactory treaty of peace shall be made. For
this purpose the President asks appropriations for
fortifications. The conquest will, in all proba-
bility, be a permanent one, and the suggestion of
the President is wise and patriotic. Is the gentle-
man from Massachusetts opposed to this policy?
Do his party intend to array themselves against
it? The Californias will be ours.
Mr. S. conceived that this must be the inevita-
ble result. Events were rapidly tending in that
direction, and that would probably he the end of
this war. The people of the United States desired
that such should be its result; not because they
wanted to conquer territory from Mexico, but
because they were determined to get their just
dues, and also to get indemnity for the expenses
of the war they had been obliged to wage m order
to get those rights.
Mr. S., in conclusion, observed that he was for
meeting this whole question promptly. He had
endeavored to flo so, because, as" he had at first
said, there was more in the lesolution of inquiry,
and in the speeches1 by which it had been support-
ed, than appeared upon the surface.
Mr. SEDDON said : It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that the debate, which has sprung up
here on a mere resolution of inquiry, is somewhat
premature and irregular. It would have been more
decorous certainly, and perhaps more judicious, to
have waited until we had received officially full
information of the action of the Executive in rela-
tion to the provinces which have been wiested from
Mexico and are now held by our conquering
armies, before we proceeded to approve or con-
demn. But in the latitude which the debate has
assumed, it has resolved itself not so much into an
inquiry of what procedures have been actually
adopted in these conquered provinces, as into an
examination of what measures might rightfully
have been taken, and of the great principles of in-
ternational and constitutional law, which would
authorize and regulate their adoption and employ-
ment. In this view, it is perhaps well that funda-
mental principles should be the subject of accuratc
investigation and precise ascertainment, with as
little delay as may be. Certainly, in one aspect,
it is not to be legretted that the debate has arisen
now, when to a great extent it must assume an
abstract form, since the views of speakers can
have little v^eight, except from their intrinsic force
and justice, and are much relieved from the suspi-
cion of being influenced on the one hand by a
blind determination to defend the action ot a favor-
ed Administration, or on the other, by the reckless
" foregone conclusion,'' to condemn of a mere par-
tisan opposition.
In a debate involving such high and grave in-
quiries as here Demand our investigation, I am
induced to engage, Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding
serious diffidence of my limited experience and
humble abilities, simply by my inability to accord
with the reasons advanced, and positions taken, by
the gentlemen who have spoken on this side of the
House. I differ seriously from the position of the
able gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,]
that the territory of a foreign nation, with whom
we are at war, when seized and completely saoju-
gated by our conquering armies, is to be regarded
as part of the United States, or as its territory,^
and subject to its laws and institutions. For if
so, the power of the military authorities of out
army over it must at once cease—the territory
be subject to our existing laws, and the inhaoi-
tants, having become citizens, be entitled to alltfee
rights and privileges, whether of property, person,
or representation, which are secured and guaran-
tied to our citizens by the Constitution andj&ws
of the Union. Nor yet can I agree 'with that
other distinguished gentleman, .[Mr. RsettJ gen-
erally so clear-sighted in all matters of principle,
and whose errors in this instance may be rather" ia
hasty and unguarded expression,"than in meaning,
that conquered territory is to be held by the mere
power of the sword, \vlth the right of arbitrary
despotism, as figured by his spirited illustration^
through the old adage of absolutism, "Sicvofa,
sic jubeo," on the part of the conqueror, without
limitations of law or authority, save what he may
deem the mere moral obligations of humanity.
Sir, in more barbarous ages, when the maxim ori-
ginated, it may have been true that " inter amia
leges silent" For then the conqueror seized and
appropriated the whole property of the conquered,
and even might reduce to slavery the entire subject
population; but such savage courses are long .since
obsolete. The wholesome operation of civil insti-
tutions must oftentimes even yet, amid the fiercer
energies and more unbridled powers invoked and
demanded by the stern necessities of war, be
checked and restricted, and many mere civil or
municipal laws be disregarded or. swept away.
But the rule of mere force—the arbitrary despot-
ism of martial power—tempered only by such
instincts of humanity as may survive in the bosom
of a relentless commander, or be not extinguished
by the passions of a fierce soldiery, no longer
rules with unbridled sway. Amid the crash of
arms, law does now speak, to humanize and re-
strain, as in the gentler times of peace, it is felt to
elevate and civilize. It is the boast of modern
times, the blessing to Christendom of Christianity
and civilization, that in war, as in peace, a code of
law to govern all international relations, founded
in part on the practices of nations, but more cor-
rectly binding, as deduced from the most sacred
principles of justice and the highest ethics , of
morality and humanity, has, by general comity
and common convictions, been established and re-
cognised. Of all nations on the earth, we should
be, and are, I believe, the last to depart from or
evade the obligations of this high code; and in ali
our relations, be they of the fiercest war or th.e
most stable peace, we should he firm by our ex-
ample in contributing to its recognition and ascend-
ency. Throughout the whole of our conflict with
Mexico, bo it long or short, or whatever phase it
may assume, all must admit that the principles of
this high international coele must be on our part
sacredly observed, and its obligations faithfully
redeemed.
it is also to be observed, that in all inquiries di-
rected to ascertain what principles should govern
and what measures may be rightfully adopted by
our Union in relation to the war with Mexico, and
the provinces which we may have conquered from
aer, while reference must steadily be had to the
law of nations for our guide, that law, so far as
Mexico herself, and, indeed, all foreign nations,
are concerned, constitutes the only code appli-
cable, and gives the only limitations and restric-
tions to our conquering power that can rightfully
exist. In ali our relations, especially of war, with
Mexico and other foreign nations, whatever may
be the constitutional form of our institutions and
the division of powers among the various depart-
ments of our Government, we are known and re-
cognized as an unit—one sovereignty among the
national brotherhood of sovereign powers—and
may therefore as a nation, a single sovereignty, do
in that war with Mexico whatever other nations
or sovereignties by the law of nations would be
entitled to do towards a belligerent and neutral
nations. It will therefore at once be perceived, that
wide distinction may exist between what this
Union, as a sovereignty, may rightfully do under
the law of nations, in the prosecution of its belli-
gerant rights towards Mexico, and without offencc
to neutral nations, and what the Executive of the
nation, under the Constitution of the Union, and
in just subordination to the division of powers
made and limitations imposed by that sacred in-
strument, may alone effect. The one question is
external purely—a question under the_ law of fla-
tions between us and Mexico as a belligerent, and
other nations as neutrals. The other is an
nal question exclusively—a question of constitu-
tional law between the several department* or <wr
