24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
Government, and involving inquiries as to the ex-
tent of the limitations and restrictions of our Con-
stitution.
To ascertain, therefore, with precision, the prin-
ciples which should govern, and the measures
which might be rightfully adopted in the operation
of our aimies against Mexico, it will be necessary
to examine separately the question in its external
aspect, under the law of nations, in reference to
Mexico and neutral nations; and in its domes-
tic features, as to the extent of powers possessed,
and which might have been legitimately exercised
under our Constitution by the President alone.
Such course of investigation I propose to adopt.
And first: what may this nation, under the law
of nations, rightfully do in its relations towards
Mexico as a belligerent, and to friendly nations?
The fundamental principle of the law of nations,
which in its true view is hut the embodiment of
the highest ethics of morality and humanity, is by
all conceded to be, that in the prosecution of the
legitimate ends of a just war, there should be as
little outrage on humanity, as few violations of the
benignant principles of peace, as may be compati-
ble with their successful attainment. The legiti-
mate ends of a just war are conceded with equal
unanimity; and among them, undoubtedly recog-
nised as sufficient, are, to punish the aggressions of
a foreign nation, and bv such punishment to deter
the offending nation and all others from the practice
of similar injuries; te prosecute just claims, whether
of boundaries or of indemnities to a nation or its
citizens, which the opposing nation has refused or
failed peacefully to recognise and settle, and by force
of arms to settle such claims and secure sufficient
indemnities. In addition, every just war gives
a rightful claim to indemnity for all expenses in-
curred in its prosecution, and such indemnity may
be likewise seized and held.
These are precisely the just and legitimate ends
of our existing war with Mexico. We seek to
punish her aggressions and injuries—to deter her
and all others by ample vindication of our rights
and honor. She has refused to make indemnity for
acknowledged injuries; to recognise others no less
unquestionable—she har> scorned repeated over-
tures for the settlement by peaceful negotiation of
disputed boundaries. We have determined to
take for our nation and its citizens just indemnities;
to compel the settlement of rightful boundaries,
and to force fiom her satisfaction likewise for the
expenses of the war she has induced.
1 will not stop here, Mr. Speaker, to probe the
position so often taken by "the opponents of the
Administration, that such war might have been
avoided. Even granting that by possibility it
might, still it seems unquestionable that abundant
causes existed for war on our part, and that na-
tional honor justifies it. Certain it is, that for
these causes war has been regularly and constitu-
tionally declared, and is now properly and legiti-
-mately waged. And in the prosecution of its just
ends, is it not undoubted that, by the law of na-
tions, our armies may invade, conquer, and hold
in subjugation the piovinces of Mexico? It is a
light never questioned to any belligerent. It has
been gloriously exercised through the valor of oar
soldiers and the skill of our commanders. The
extensive regions of the Californias, New Mexico,
and the whole territory north of the Rio Grande,
have been seized and conquered. Their inhabi-
tants have submitted, and no embodied opposition
remains to dispute the military dominion of our
commanders over them. Under such circum-
stances, what became our lights and duties m
reference to these piovinces, and their inhabitants,
under the law of nations; The primaiy, para-
mount obligation of the successful commanders, as
recognised by that law, and, indeed, the first of
all laws, that of self-defence, was plainly to secure
and defend his conquest and his army in the mili-
tary possession thereof. With as little injury to
the people as might be compatible with this leading
end, indeed, but with all the authoiity and power
necessary to secure it, he was bound to act. But
not merely, though in the first instance, to his con-
quest and his army, were his rights and corre-
sponding obligations confined. So soon as the in-
habitants of the conquered province submitted, and
all embodied opposition was at an end, tney be-
came bound to obedience to the existing authority
which had superseded anil overthrown the sover-
eignty previously governing them, and to them
had all the rights of a defado government; and the
conqueror, by corresponding obligation, became
bound to secure them, so far as compatible with
the safety of his conquest and army, in all their
rights of property, and in the enjoyment of civil
institutions and the regular administration of jus-
tice. If absolutely nccessary for self-defence, he
might have asserted and continued over them the
harsh control of martial law; but in the absence of
such necessity, such course would have been cruel
and revolting to the just principles of the law of
nations. The worst of all conditions for a people
is to be without government at all—a prey to an-
archy and confusion, with their rights, their proper-
ty,and their persons, at the mercy of the ruffian, or
the ravisher, whose excesses no law restrains and <
no justice punishes. For a conqueror to overthrow j
an existing civil polity, and leave a submissive peo- I
pie to such horrors, would be such tyranny as no
principle of humanity or law could tolerate. The
next greatest evil would be to proclaim and enforce
over extensive regions and a submissive popula-
tion, only the harsh edicts of martial law. and to
leave whole districts at the command of petty mili-
tary subordinates, and the rights and wrongs of the
helpless inhabitants to be invaded or redressed at
the mere will and pleasure of a lieutenant or a cor- •
pora1, influenced, as he must be, by the passions and j
prejudices of his rude soldiery. Such domination !
would have been oppressive and intolerable. In !
relations of the people with their conquerors, and.
to make them subservient to the maintenance of
their military ascendency. In determining such
inevitable alterations, the most palpable considera-
tions of justice and propriety would naturally lead
the conquerors to assimilate the new features in-
troduced by them to the institutions of their own
country, which they were best acquainted with,
and naturally believed the most just and wise.
Such similitude would enable the new agents to
be selected for their execution more readily to un-
derstand and execute them, and would more natu-
rally secure the respect and deference of the con-
quering army; while in the estimation, not unrea-
sonable, certainly, of the conquering commander,
institutions similar to those of our own nation
would be most likely to secure the rights and sub-
serve the interests of the conquered people. In
conclusion on this branch of my subject, I trust,
Mr. Speaker, it may be regarded as established,
that, in entire subservience to the law of nations,
and indeed in compliance both with its obligations
and those of justice and humanity, our victorious
generals, on conquering the provinces of Mexico,
and receiving the submission of their inhabitants,
were entitled and bound, so far as they could do
so with safety to their army and its conquest, to
establish provisional civil governments, and, in
their necessary changes of existing institutions,
the state of things in which our commanders found || might naturally and justifiably assimilate them to
themselves, with whole provinces conquered, and
the people submitting quietly, unless they deemed
it. incompatible with the security of their conquest '
and their army, were they not bound to supply
the civil polity they had superseded, to guard the
conquered inhabitants against anarchy and confu-
sion, and protect them in the enjoyment of their
j rights of property and person? This could only
be effected by laws and officers to administer and
enforce justice; in short, by organizing and estab-
lishing m all essential departments the framework
of a temporal y or provisional government.
It has been contended here that the only gov-
ernment which could be rightfully established
must be a military one, as contradistinguished
from civil institutions; but how can any one, un-
der the pretence of advocating the cause of justice
and humanity, maintain that the conquered people
should be kept under the despotism of martial
! law—the stern control of military authority in
' constant exercise, instead of being brought under
institutions of civil administration approximating to
the benign rule of peace ? If the power to maintain
and exercise the extreme of despotic authority—
martial law—and to establish military government,
existed, as is confessed by all, surely the exercise
of any less authority—the adoption and promul-
gation of regulations or laws to apply and govern
in social and civil relations, and the appointment
of civil officers in lieu of military subordinates to
interpret and enforce them, are involved in the i
higher claim, and not only might properly, but, if |
circumstances allowed, ot<g/i(- rightfully, to be pre. ;
ferred. It is true, the sanction and authority of j
such laws and officers would spring from the j
military domination exercised; but, assuming the
similitude, they would likewise have most of the
advantages which, to the people governed, the
institutions of civil polity have over the arbitrary
exactions of martial law. There was, therefore,
clearly not only the right, but the daty, on our
conquering commanders to establish provisional .
civil government, and. instead of being matter of i
complaint by the conquered people, was to them a
concession of justice and humanity. To the citi-
zens, too, of all neutral nations, either resident in
the conquered country, or having relations of trade
or intercourse with its people, the benefits of such
civil institutions, in contrast with the rigors of
military law, are apparent. In the establishment
of such temporary government for the regulation
of the people while under our domination, it would
be of course but compatible with the law of na-
tions and the principles pf justice, that as few in-
novations should be made m the existing institu-
tions, customs, and officers of the conquered people
as were consistent with the primary objects of
safety, and the maintenance of ascendency over
thern. To secure these indispensable objects, it is
palpable, that as the previous civil institutions were
derived from another sovereignty, and designed
to effectuate the ends of a hostile government
essential modifications and changes must be made
in many respects, to accommodate them to the new
the institutions and laws of their own country.
But, Mr Speaker, while our commanders were
bound to establish such provisional governments,
I by no means intend that the rights to be exer-
cised at the pleasure of the conquering nation
according to the law of nations end there. A
higher and further right clearly appertains to the
conqueror at his election. Having subdued and
extinguished all organized opposition in provinces
of the enemy, the conquering nation, either for
vengeance and punishment, or for lawful indem-
; nity. may choose permanently to hold such prov-
1 inces as its own—to make their territory part and
I parcel of its own dominions, and to receive and in-
corporate their inhabitants among its own citizens.
This is clear under the law of nations, whether
the universal practice of warring sovereignties, or
the loftiest principles of ethics, as expounded by
the ablest civilians, be regarded as the just source
of its principles. Our Union might, therefore, in
regard to the conquered provinces of Mexico,
elect to regard them, one or all, as affording a just
measure of punishment, or a reasonable indemnity
for its claims, and incorporating them into its ter-
ritories, make their lands the soil, and their inhab-
itants the citizens, of the United States. By what
authorities of the Union, and in what mode, as a
domestic question, under our Constitution, such
election and incorporation might be made, may be
a very important question, as we shall hereafter
see in another branch of this investigation; but as
an international question, whether between our
Union and Mexico, or in regard to neutral nations,
itis certainly within the scope of our national riffhts
so to elect and incorporate. Having such rights,
even if our gallant officers, who have effected
these distant conquests, have proceeded to the
utmost extent indicated by the loose phraseology
of some of the proclamations published over their
names, we may choose to confirm or disclaim
their acts as those of the nation; but in no event
can they beheld to have outraged the rights either
of Mexico or other nations, or to have violated
the just obligations of our Union under the law
of nations.
This whole course of argument, in relatiort to
the external aspect of this question, and especially
this last view, has been pursued by me, Mr.
i .Speaker, perhaps, to an unnecessary length, from
j my anxiety, .to the extent of my limited abilities,
| to vindicate, before the country and the world, the
] honor of the nation, and to exhibit, even in the
extremes to which it is supposed our distant com-
manders hare proceeded, that she has never ex-
ceeded her undoubted rights under the law of
nations, but has been ever within the clcar range
of its just provisions. Granting the utmost action
it is alleged they have token, certainly neither
Mexico, nor any neutral Power, has just cause of
complaint or censure.
How far they may be amenable to censure afc
home, depends, Mr. Speaker, on the conclusions
to which we may arrive upon the second branch
of our inquiries—its domestic aspect, with refer-
