28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
Dec. 14,
period, it would not, ipso facto, become a part and
portion of the United States? It was certainly
true there were few legal results time would not
bring about. The principle on which every stat-
ute of limitations rested was a perfectly just one,
viz: that what was seen by all to be the condition
of a thing for a long- time, was to be taken to be
its lawful*condition. In the State of South Caro-
lina, the lapse of ten years would effect the same
result in relation to real estate that a sealed instru-
ment with two witnesses could do. And this was
not deemed a thing extraordinary. If Mexico
should be found to have abandoned these distant
possessions, and to make no struggle to recover
them, and it should be evident she had not the
means to do it, and we should continue to hold on
to our possession, Congress conniving at it, the
mere lapse of time would at last convert a military
occupation into a political ownership, by that nat-
ural justice which approves every statute of limit-
ations. But Mr. W. utteily denied that we could
acquire territory by mere military authority, and,
though we might by time, he was for leaving the
matter, not to time, but to the proper authorities.
Mr. W. had intended to remark on some other
points, but his friend from Virginia [Mr. Seddon]
had so far anticipated him as to reader it not worth
his while to say anything more.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, it was
Ordered, That the Speaker appoint the standing
committees.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet again on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, laid before the House- the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of State, in pur-
suance of the twentieth section of the act entitled
" An act legalizing and making appropriations for
such necessary objects as have been usually in-
cluded in the general appropriation bills without
authority of law, and to fix and provide for certain
incidental expenses of the departments and offices
of the Government, and for other purposes," ap-
proved August 26, ]8-1x2; and the "act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government for the year 1836," (section
2,) transmitting statements of the following pur-
port:
Statement J} shows the manner in which the
fund for contingent expenses of the State Depart-
ment has been expended, so far as the disburse-
ments have been made by the agent of the depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1846.
Statement B shows the disbursements from the
same fund from August 8, 1845, to August 18,
1816, made by others than the agent of the Depart-
ment of State, as stated by the Fifth Auditor.
Statemeat C, by the Register of the Treasury,
shows the amount of all former appropriations for
the same object remaining in the treasury and in
the hands of disbursing agents, on the 30th June,
1846.
Statement D shows the disbursements of all mo-
neys made by the agent of the department (luring
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846.
Statement E is a statement of contingent ex-
penses of foreign intercourse for the year ending
30th November, 1846.
Statement F shows the disbursements from the
fund for contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, by the agent of the department, for the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1846.
Statement. G shows the disbursements from the
same fund during the same period, by others than
the agent for the department, as stated by the
Fifth Auditor.
Tl. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the report made to the
Tieasnry Department by Professor A. D. Bache,
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, showing the
progress of that work during the year ending No-
vember, 1846.
Uf. A communication from the Treasury of the
United States, transmitting, in pursuance of law,
copies of the Treasurer's accounts with the United
States for the third and fourth quarters of 1845,
and the first and second quarters of 1846, as ad-
justed by the accounting officers of the Treasury.
IV. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a report from the Acting
Commissioner of the General Land Office, show-
ing the operations of that bureau during the last
year.
V. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting his annual report on the
state of the finances, appended to which are state-
ments showing the amount of receipts and ex-
penditures during the year ending 30th June, 1846;
the duties, revenues, and public expenditures du-
ring the first quarter of the fiscal year (from July
I to September 30) of 1846; the quantity and value
of teas consumed annually from 1821 to 1846, and
the amount of duty which accrued on the same
from 1821 to 1832, and the average rate of duty
per pound, and the equivalent ad valorem, during
the years which the article was subject to duty;
the quantity and value of coffee consumed annually
from 1821 to 1846; the amount of duty which ac-
crued on the same from 1821 to 1832, with the rate
of duty per pound, and the equivalent ad valorem
during the years it was subject to duty; all treasu-
ry notes paid under the act of August 10, 1846,
which had been stolen or put in circulation, and
not cancelled; amount of the public debt on the
4th March, 1845, and the amount of the same
paid; the value of merchandise imported paying
duty; a comparative view of the value of certain
agricultural products.
VI. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, transmitting a statement of the receipts and
expenditures for the year ending June 30, 1846.
VII. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, transmitting a report of the commerce and ton-
nage for the last fiscal year.
Which several communications were ordered to
be laid upon the table and printed.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were
presented and appropriately referred:
By Mr. ALBERT SMITH: Tin: petition of Herman
B.uvvn unit oiheis, citui-iu ot' Genesee county, New Yoik,
praying tor tiiu t'SuiMi-hmeiit ol a po.-l route fion] Alexau-
dei to Le Roy, i;i s:ui! t-oimtv.
By Mr. DANIEL P. KING: The memorial of the llcpre-
sent.ilivc.sol the Ye,ul'. Mect'ng of the So;'ioty oi Fuejids
for New England, ullmbeiii'tf ue.uly 9,000, tor the ndnption
of audi mt-asiues ad wilt put a speedy end to the Mexican
war.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 14, 1846.
The Hon. John M. Clayton (Whig) appeared
in his seat to-day.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved .
Mr. MANGUM presented the credentials of the
Hon. George E. Badger, (Whig,) elected a Sena-
tor by the Legislature of the State of North Caro-
lina for the unexpired term of the Hon. William
H. Haywood, jr., resigned.
The credentials having been read, the oath of
office was administered to Mr. Badger by the
Vice President, and he took his seat.
A number of messages in writing were received
from the President of the United- States by the
hands of his Private Secretary.
REPORTS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, covering the
annual report of the Commissioner of Pensions;
I which was read, and ordered to be printed.
! Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
! made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
I of the 29th June, 1846, showing the number, de-
I scription, and tonnage, of vessels employed in the
l coasting trade in the several districts of the United
States, on the 30th day of June, 1846; which was
i read, and ordered to be printed.
| Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
, made agreeably to law, on the commerce and navi-
| gation of the United States; which was,
; On motion^by Mr. DIX, ordered to be printed,
together with 1750 copies in addition to the usual
number, 250 thereof for the use of the Treasury
Department.
Also, a report of the Secretary of State, made
agreeably to law, showing the contingent expenses
of the department during the year ending June 30,
1846; the amounts for same objects remaining in
the hands of the disbursing agents at the same
time; and the disbursement "from the fund for the
contingent expenses of missions abroad for the
year ending 30th June, 1846; which was ordered
to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Sarah
E. Graham, widow of John Graham, deceased,
an officer in the United States naval service, pray-
ing a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of Scth Ban-
ister, praying to be allowed the commutation pay
due to his late father, as an officer in the revolu-
tionary war; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Leslie Coombs, of Kentucky, praying the pay-
ment of a debt due to linn by the republic of Texas
previous to her annexation to the United States,
for the security of which debt the revenues of that
republic were set apart by law; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented the petition of
S. Calvert Ford, late a suttler in the army, praying
to be indemnified against loss by the death and in-
solvency of a paymaster in whose hands he had
placed for collection certain claims for advances to
United States troops; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
j Also, the petition of Arnold Naudain, for com-
! pensation for superintending the constructiou of
| two floating lights for the port of Wilmington,
Delaware, m the years 1843, 1844, and 1845;
which was- referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of
William G. Davis and Mary Ann Davis, for com-
pensation for the use and waste of their property
j by troops of the United States during the Semi-
| nole war; which was referred to the Committee on
| Claims.
| Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of George
| Taylor, praying indemnity for French spoliations
| prior to 1800; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
! Mr. YULEE presented a petition of citizens of
I East Florida, praying ceitain amendments to the
J act of August 4, 1842, to provide for the armed
I occupation and settlement of the peninsula of East
I Florida; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the petition of John Capo, praying indem-
nity for the destruction of property belonging to
his late father, by troops of the United States, in
1812; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Also, the memorial of A. H. Cole, late a sutler
in the army, for the payment of claims for ad-
vances to United States troops in Florida; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Air. ARCHER presented the petition of Clara
McWilliams, for permission to locate a military
land warrant; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Titian R.
Peale, for indemnity for loss sustained by him by
the wreck of the United States ship Peacock;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petition of Joseph Knox Boyd, for
remuneration for his services in aiding at the cap-
ture of the United States frigate Philadelphia m
1804; which was referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. ®
Mr. EVANS pre|gnted the memorial of John
Neal, administrator of James Neal, deceased, pray-
ing indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Several Senators asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the Senate simtlry pa-
pers relating to claims, and to have them referred
to the proper committees.
NATIONAL ROAD, ETC.
Mr. SEMPLE gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill making appropriation for the con-
tinuation of the national road to Alton, in the State
of Illinois.
Also, a bill making a grant of land to the State
of Illinois for certain purposes.
EXTRA PAY TO ARMY AND VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
