1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
of allowing thiee months extra pay to all the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates of volunteers, who have engaged or shall
engage to ser\e during the war with Mexico, to
be paid at the time of their discharge. Also, the
same allowance to all non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, of the regular army who
shall engage to serve for the same term. Also, to
inquire into the expediency of placing the army, in
all its extent, of officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, (militia, volunteers, and
regulars,) on the same footing with the officers,
petty officers, and seamen in the navy, with respect
to pensions for wounds or disabilities received in
service, and provision for their families, in the event
of being killed or dying in service; and, also, with
respect to prize-money for public property taken
from the enemy, so far as to make the same a
fund in the hands of the Government for the pay-
ment of pensions to the families of those killed or
dying m the service.
INCREASED PAY, ETC., TO SOLDIERS AND
VOLUNTEERS.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. Crittenden, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to bring in a bill to increase,
during the continuance of thew present war with
Mexico, the pay of the non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, of the army of the United
States, including the volunteers; and also to pro-
vide for the granting of certificates of nietu to
such of them as may distinguish themselves by
personal acts of extraordinary devotion or bravery
in the performance of their duty; and that those
to whom such certificates are granted shall receive,
in viitue thereof, additional pay, at the rate of
 dollars per month, during their continuance
in service.
The question being on the adoption of this reso-
lution,
Mr. BENTON desired that it might be put in
the usual form of an inquiry into the expediency
of reporting a bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he was not tenacious
about the form of the resolution, although he re-
garded the form in which he had put the resolu-
tion as the proper one; but its substance was
important. There were peculiar circumstances
attending the service of our troops m Mexico,
which, m his own judgment, and he believed iti
the judgment of the public geneially, rendered it
highly proper that those troops should receive in-
creased pay—especially that large portion of the
troops called volunteers, who have left their homes
for the service with less experience m the camp
life, and with less ability to take care of themselves,
than the regular soldiers. Tliey ought especially
to receive, and were justly entitled to receive, an
increased compensation. The resolution, how-
ever, was made to embrace the regular soldiers of
the army as well as the volunteers; for it was well
understood by everybody, that their expenses,
owing to the character of the scrvice, are greatly
increased, and consequently their compensation
ought also to be increased. The resolution did not
specify the amount by which it was proposed to
increase their pay, and he thought it proper and
just, considering the nature of the case, that this
point should be left open to the judgment of the
committee. Whatever might be their decision on
this subject, he thought himself fully warranted,
trom the circumstances of the case, in insisting on
fhe propriety of some amount of increase.
The second branch of the resolution contained a
provision, which, he was satisfied, would meet
with the cordial approval of every one. Our offi-
cers who distinguish themselves receive an honor-
ary reward for their services, by brevet promotion;
but the soldier may toil, and dig, and fig;ht most
valiantly; he might perform the most heroic deeds,
without the possibility of signalizing his humble
name. The resolution, theiefoie, pioposed that
the committee should pro\idea means by which
this defect shall be remedied, by granting a certifi-
cate of merit to each private soldier who had so
distinguished himself; and that wh certificate of
merit should not be a mere empty honor, but that
the holder should be entitled, in consequence of it,
to some additional pay—something to remind his
companions that his country had taken notice of
his services, humble as they were, and that such
services would continue to be taken notice of in
the manner the most beneficial to him who render-
ed them: namely, by adding to his private emolu-
ment.
Mr. C. believed that both clauses of the resolution
might be adopted with propriety in their present
form; yet, if any of the honorable gentlemen either
entertained or expressed any doubt in regard to
the resolution in its present form, he repeated, he
was not tenacious about the form. The question
involved in the first branch of the resolution, Was
merely whether an increase of pay was necessary.
He was of opinion it was necessary. In the sec-
ond. branch, the only question was, whether we
ought to confer upon the soldiers of the army these
evidences of merit. He thought there could be no
doubt upon the subject of these general proposi-
tions. As to the extent to which the pay should
be increased, and the means by which honorary
rewards should be bestowed, they were matters
for the consideration of the Senate. Pie was not
very tenacious about the precise form of the reso- i1
lution, and any Senator desiring to change it, could ;j
make the motion. j.
Mr. ARCHER expressed his entire concurrence j:
with the view which had been taken by the Sena- i,
tor from Missouri, that this resolution had better ]{
take the form, not oL a positive requisition, but of ;i
inquiry on the part of the Senate. The matter '*
was an entirely new one, and it involved an impor- '
taut principle. In his opinion, it would give more
efficacy and dignity to the adoption of the resolu-
tion, if this course were pursued by the Senate.
If the resolution should be adopted at once, the
Senate would stand committed to tiie object of the
resolution, and it might be said that the subject
was disposed of with precipitaucy; that the mem-
bers did not have sufficient time to consider the
subject; and that, if more time had been allotted
to this purpose, they might have been reluctant to
give their assent to the proposition. He hoped,
therefore, that his honorable friend would adopt
the suggestion of the Senator fiom Missouri, and
change the resolution. He desned to sec the Sen- '■
ate unanimous on the subject. ;j
The reading of the resolution was then called
for; and having been read,
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose and said lie must
confess that his preference was very decided as to .
the form of the resolution. This was not a new
subject with himself. In his own view, the prompt *
and unhesitating adoption of the resolution by the ;
Senate, m the form in which it was now offered,
would be the most conphmentary and honorable ,1
testimony which they could bear to the merit of ]i
the army. He did not believe there was a nation !j
m Europe which would not have honored with in- h
creased pay any army which had performed the jj
same service—not one. The British army 111 In- jj
dia had been very liberally rewarded for the ser- '\
vices which they rendered 111 achieving their recent j!
victories over the Sikhs; and 111 every victory won '
by the armies of the dillerent nations of Europe he
believed a reward was usual. It was not only the ,j
privations to which the troops were subjected—it |j
was not only the increased expenditure which jf
attended the soldier's life—but the* meritorious and
great services they rendered, which claimed, at the
hands of the countiy, an mciease of compensa- jj
tion. The resolution did not, propose a permanent jj
increase, but only an increase during the continu- i|
ance of the war. it was not a subject that wo.uld i1
give rise to a diversity of opinion, but one con-n
cerning which, he believed, that the Senate enter- i!
tamed fixed and deteimined \iews. He (Mr. C.) ;
was unwilling to make it a subject of inquiry. 1:
Inquiry implied hesitation, doubt. He thought ij
our troops had a right to expect of Congress, not -j
hesitation and doubt, but decision. Their con- jj
duct had been decided. So ought our sense of it ][
to be. There was no ground for doubt. _ The ie- j
solution was only to provide some consideration |
of honor, as well as emolument, for the brave sol- .
dier who had hazarded his life for his country's ji
honor, equally with her officers, though the eyes N
of the woild rest upon the latter only. There |
was not an armv in the world where a private sol-
dier had not some hope of obtaining a higher honor
than in ours. That great soldier, Napoleon, made '!
the star of the Legion of Honor to glitter on the
breast of the humblest soldier, as well as on that >
of the proudest marshal. This Government could ,
confer no such honor. It was not consistent with j
the institutions of this country to do so. All that !
we could give was a mere certificate of honorable I,
merit and esteem; but which the humble soldier
could hand down to his children with pleasing and
grateful recollections. He hoped the resolution
would be adopted in the form " the Committee on
Military Affairs shall make provision for increase
of pay," &c. He could not, therefore, accede to
the request of the honorable Senator, however de-
sirous he might be, as he always was, to accom-
modate himself to his views. For the present,
therefore, he should insist upon the adoption of
the resolution in the form in which it had been
first presented.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was opposed to the
resolution in its present form, and unless modified
as suggested by the Senators from Missouri and
Virginia, he should vote against it. He had no
objection if it was altered so as to make it a reso-
lution of inquiry. He was behind no Senator on
that floor in admiration of the glorious deeds of
our brave army (regulars and volunteers) in Texas
and Mexico, nor in sincere gratitude: and he would
express that gratitude by increasing their compen-
sation and adding to their comforts while in ser-
vice, and by liberal donations to them of public
lands when they left it. He would make every
one in that army an-mdependent freeholder. But
he did not fear to avow that he was opposed to the
mode proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, in
the second clause of his resolution, of acknow-
ledging our estimation of their services by giving
them 44 certificates of merit." The reference which
the honoiable Senator had made to the Legion
d'Honneur established by Napoleon, and the simi-
lar modes adopted by European monarchical pow-
ers, of rewarding their soldiers, was sufficient for
him (Mr. W.) on this point. He was for avoid-
ing such examples. He did not believe our citizen
soldiers would themselves approve of it. Ours
(said Mr. W.) is a republican government. To
preserve its democratic character, we should be *
careful to resist the first steps towards establishing
exclusive orders, even for the most eminent public
services Especially should we resist the slightest
appearance of establishing any mihtai y order of
merit, whatever the services or exploits of our
army. Why, sir, (said Mr. W.,) if this is a mere
matter of form, it will be worthless to the citizen
soldier. The certificate of merit will nottestore a
frame enfeebled by disease incurred in service, or
ciue the wounds received in battle. Give them
(said Mr. W.) something more substantial—some-
thing of solid benefit; make each one of them an
American freeholder; give them lands out of the
millions of acres the Government now holds, and
is annually liuxtering out to little public advantage.
A mere piece of paper called a tl certificate of
merit," however elegantly worded, will of itself
be a bitter mockery to the suffering soldier. Mr.
W. said he would not only oppose the resolution
"if not modified, but a bill framed according to its
instructions, so far as it was liable to the objec-
tions he had suggested.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was very sorry that his
friend fiom Florida had taken such a view of the
question. He was a gentleman from whom he
should have expected a ready support to the reso-
lution. He was sorry to see that thesterlingdemoc-
racy of his friend fiom Florida was at all alauned
by the creation of what he supposed to be distinc-
tions in this country contrary to its laws. He,
thought that if the gentleman would reconsider his
views, he would find no cause for alarm or appre-
hension, lest it lead toastateof military despotism.
The gentleman was willing to grant land to the sol-
diers or pay them out of the treasury, but he would
give them no other kind or description of rewaid;
he would give them no such token of approbation
as a country usually bestowsupon meritorious ser-
vices. How much more acceptable to the heart of
a soldier, *ome lively token of the ^latitude of his
country, than the mere mercenary recompense. If
his fucnd would consult his better judgment, he
would find nothing in this proposition to justify
the terrible apprehensions he had expressed. He
was sorry it had been proposed to convert the
question into a resolution of inquiry. He thought
it ought not to be made a matter of inquiry. It
was a subject beyond inquiry. None had stopped
to inquire whether our soldiers had taken Monte-
rey, o'r fought at Palo Alto, or Resaca de la Palnia;
all knew it. Why, then, should ihcie be an inqui-
ry about the propiiety of increasing the pay of
those gallant troops ? He would ask the yeas and
nays on the question of amendment.
