30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14,
Mr. BENTON regretted that the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] had asked for the
yeas and nays on the motion that he had made.
The motion was only to change the instruction
from an order to an inquiry, and the formality of
yeas and nays might present members as arrayed
against each other on a matter of substance, when
it was only a matter of form. The resolution sub-
mitted by the Senator is in the absolute form, or-
dering the committee to bring in a bill for certain
purposes; the amendment he proposed was to in-
struct the committee to inquire into the expediency
of bringing in a bill for the same purpose. This
was most conformable to parliamentary practice,
which requires consideration to precede discus-
sion, and gives to every member time to mature
his opinion before he gave a vote upon the merits.
The inquiry was the usual way; and the mode
which he (Mr. B.) had this morning adopted in a
similar case. Mr. B. had this morning submitted
resolutions of inquiry, the object of which was to
accomplish a part of the same ends intended by
the Senator from Kentucky; and he would read
them both, to show the form and the substance of
his resolutions, and thereby to show that, in mov-
ing to amend the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky, it was only to make them conformable
to his own practice; and he should vote against
them, if not amended, to show that he also was in
favor of doing something more for the army.
[Mr. B. here directed the Secretary to read his
resolutions introduced this morning, and noticed
above.]
The first partof these resolutions, (Mr. B. said,)
proposed, in substance, an increase of pay to the
army in all its branches, and in a way he believed
that would be more serviceable to the soldier and
his family than a mere increase of monthly pay;
it was an addition of three months at the end of
his service—an addition usually made at the end
of a war in favor of those that were discharged,
but which he deemed it expedient to grant now by
law, as an encouragement to engage to serve during
the war. This addition at the end of his term
would probably be worth more to the soldier and
his family, than a little increase of pay during his
service, which might be expended as needed,
while the other would be brought home. So
much for the first clause of his (Mr. B.'s) resolu-
tion. The remaining clause was for the same gen-
eral object—that of making better provision for the
army, and to place it in all its branches on an
equal footing with the navy. Pie did not wish to
diminish the provision of the navy, but he wished
the aimytobeon the same footing, which was
not now the case. The navy had prize money:
the army none. The officers and men of the navy
had permanent pensions for wounds and disabili-
ties, and their families had the same in the event
of their being killed or dying in the service. In
the navy these pensions were limited to five years
and extended to those dying in the service, while
in the army the pensions expire at the end of five
years, and in the case of death not by the hands i
of the enemy, the soldier gets nothing. Former- !
ly, the pensions to the families of the navy came
out of the pension fund created by prize money;
but since the exhaustion of that fund they came
out of the treasury, and though nominally for five
years, yet the time is prolonged at the end of every
five. While paid out of the pension fund there
was a seeming reason for this difference between
the aimy and navy; but since they are paid out of
the treasury, there is not even a seeming reason,
for it is public money, and not prize money, which
is paid The last clause of the instructions sub-
mitted by Mr. B. was to allow the army prize
money for public property taken from the enemy;
but in a form more acceptable, he believed, to
every generous head, both in the army and navy,
than a mere division of prize money among the
captors. It was to constitute the value of the
public property taken from the enemy into a
fund, to remain in the hands of the Government
as a pension fund for the benefit of the fami-
lies, men and officers, regulars, militia, and vol-
unteers, of those who were killed in battle;
and what was equally meritorious, but more
painful to them, died of sickness or accident. This
would put the army on a footing with the navy;
and certainly there is no difference in the merit of
the sacrifice, whether the brave man who has died
for his country has met his fate by land or water.
Mr. B. had long had his mind on this act of re-
paratory justice to the army; he had brought it
forward several times, but without success; for
we were so constituted as to require some extrinsic
stimulus to move even in a great act of justice.
The army was now popular; and he (Mr. B.)
wished to take advantage of this popularity to
obtain for it justice. They \Vere the same men,
most of the regulars* who were in Florida, and he
(Mr. B.) had spoken of them then as he would
now. The regulars of Palo Alto, Resaca de la
Palma, and Monterey, were most of them in the
swamps of Florida, and displayed the same high
qualities of the soldier in those swamps which they
have since shown in Mexico. Brilliant victories
only were wanting, and these were wanting only
because there was no theatre on which to obtain
them. He spoke of the popularity of the army; he
included the regulars in his eulogium, as they were
included in his resolution; for he did not contem-
plate any distinction among the dead or their fami-
lies. All were equally meritorious in his view. Re-
gulars, militia, volunteers,-soldiers, and officers—
all who die for their country, their families were
comprehended in his scheme of relief. And what
could-be the objection to it? Why keep up a dis-
tinction so injurious to the land forces ? They now
not only get no prize money, but if they should
take a port, and a part of the navy be in sight at
the time, though not firing a gun, but because their
presence might contribute to the surrender, the
navy would icceive prize money, the army none.
This might happen. It had happened during the
late war with Great Britain. Many instances
might be named in which it had happened; he be-
lieved at Fort George, for one, and, (looking at
Mr._Dix inquiringly, this Senator answered: Lit-
tle \ ork for another.) Mr. B. would say no more
at present; but still expressed his wish that the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] would
give his resolution the form of an inquiry, when
he should readily vote for it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN signified his readiness to
withdraw his call for the yeas and nays if he was
urgently requested to do so. He had no desire,
by insisting on the yeas and nays, to place any
Senator in a position to have his views misrepre-
sented or misunderstood before the people. To
pass the resolution in its original form would be to
give it more weight, and to bring it home more
pleasantly to those who were interested in it.
Some subjects are properly submitted for inquiry,
but others should be decided on at once. The
course of Senators on the other side in reference
to the tariff bill at the last session was an instance
where every effort to obtain a reference to a com-
mittee for inquiry was defeated. It was in that
case considered perfectly unnecessary and inexpe-
dient. He hoped the amendment would be reject-
ed, and that the resolution would be adopted in its
original form.
Mr. C. having withdrawn the call for the yeas
and nays, the question was put upon agreeing to
the modification of the resolution proposed by Mr.
Benton; and, upon a division, it was agreed to—
ayes 24, noes 20.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted,
and read as follows:
Besolved, The the Committee on Military Affairs jl
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in- j1
creasing, during the continuance of the present war ■
with Mexico, the pay of the non-commissioned '
officers, musicians, and privates, of the army of |i
the United States, including the volunteers; and i
also of providing for the granting of certificates of !|
merit to such of them as may distinguish them-
selves by personal acts of extraordinary devotion
or bravery in the performance of their duty; and
that those to whom such certificates are granted !
shall receive, in virtue thereof, additional pay at ■
the rate of dollars per month during their |
continuance m service. |
ELECTION OF STANDING COMMITTEES. j
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate then 1
proceeded to the execution of the special order of il
the day, being the election by ballot of the stand- j
ing committees. J
The VICE PRESIDENT desired Senators to ii
prepare their ballots for chairman of the Commit- ]'
tee on Foreign Relations. jj
The ballots having been cast and counted, re- •
suited as follows: I)
Whole number of votes 42; necessary to a !:
choice 22. Mr. Sevier received 24, Mr Archer 5,
Mr. Hannegan 3, Mr. Benton 1, Mr. Calhoun 2.
Mr. Fairfield 1, Mr. Webster 6.
Mr. Sevier having received the highest number
of votes, was declared elected.
' For chairman of Committee on Finance.—"Whole
number of votes 43; necessary to a choice 22.
Mr. Lewis received 24, Mr. Evans 17, Mr. Han-
negan 1, Mr. Benton 1.
Mr. Lewis having received the highest number
of votes, was declared elected.
For chairman of the Committee on Commerce.—
Whole number of votes 41; necessary to a choice
21. Mr. Dix received 27, Mr. Davis 6, Mr.
Huntington 5, Mr. Cameron 2, Mr. Dickinson 1.
Mr. Dix having received the highest number of
votes, was declared elected.
For chairman of the Committee on Manufactures 
Whole number of votes 37; necessary to'a choice
19. Mr. Dickinson received 23, Mr. Simmons 9,
Mr. Dix 1, Mr. Niles 1, Mr. J. M. Clayton 1,
Mr. Woodbridge 1, Mr. Mangum 1.
Mr. Dickinson having received the highest num-
ber of votes, was declared elected.
For chairman of the Committee on Agriculture.—
Whole number of votes 29; necessary to a choice
15. Mr. Sturgeon received 23, Mr. Upham 5,
Mr. Cilley 1.
Mr. Sturgeon having received the highest num-
ber of votes, was declared elected.
For chairman of Committee on Military Affairs.—
Whole number of votes 34; necessary to a choice
18. Mr. Benton received 30, Mr. Crittenden 3,
Mr. Badger 1.
Mr. Benton having received a majority of all
the votes given, was declared elected.
At this stage of the proceedings Mr. DAVIS
suggested that if any gentleman upon the other
side of the Chamber had a list of the committees
as they had been agreed upon by the majority, it
might by common consent be read, and declared
to be a list of the standing committees of the Sen-
ate, which would be a great saving of time without
altering the result which would be arrived at by the
tedious process of balloting.
Mr. SEVIER observed that he had a list of the
committees which had been agreed upon, not only
on his side of the chamber, but upon the other
also, which might be read and adopted by common
consent.
The list having been rea,d,
Mr. MANGUM moved that the special order
of the day be dispensed with; which was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM then moved that the list of
committees just read be the standing committees
of the Senate; which was also agreed to.
The committees are as follows:
On foreign Relations.—Messrs. Sevier, chair-
man; Cass, Archer, Atherton, and Webster.
On Finance. —Messrs. Lewis, chairman; Ben-
top, Evans, Speight, and Huntington.
On Commerce.—Messrs. Dix, chairman; Penny-
backer, Johnson of Maryland, Chalmers, and
Davis.
On Manufactures.—Messrs. Dickinson, chair-
man; Colquitt, Simmons, Sturgeon, and Wood-
bridge.
Oh. Jlgriculture.—Messrs. Sturgeon, chairman;
Semple, Upham, Turney, and Cilley.
On Military Jiff airs.—- Messrs. Benton, chairman;
Dix, Crittenden, Houston, and Badger.
On Naval Affairs.—Messrs. Fairfield, chairman;
Yulee, Mangum, Cameron, and Miller.
^ On the Militia.—Messrs. Atchison, chairman;
Semple, Barrow, Fairfield, and Greene.
On Public Lands.—Messts. Breese, chairman;
Ashley, Woodbridge, Bright, and Corwin.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Yulce, chair-
man; Semple, Barrow, Pennybacker, and Greene
On Indian Jijfairs.—Messrs. Bagby, chairman-;
Atchison, Phelps, Sevier, and Jarnngm.
On Claims.—Messrs. Pennybacker, chairman;
Atchison, John M. Clayton, Rusk, and Johnson
of Maryland.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. Semple,
chairman; Bright, Thomas Clayton,Colquitt,and
Phelps.
On the Judiciary.—Messrs. Ashley, chairman;
Breese, Berrien, Westcott, and Dayton.
On Post Offices and Post Reads.—Messrs. Niles,
chairman; Sturgeon, Simmons, Rusk, and More-
head.
On Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Hannegan,
chairman; Turney, Corwin, Houston, and More-
head.
