36
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
a good cause, without which 110 war, in the eye of truth and
reason, before God or man,can be justified."
Mr. Pox said:
" He allowed the merits of the officers now in question,
but he made a distinction between thanks and praise. He
might admire their vaioi, but he could not separate the in-
tention from the action ; tbey were united in his mind."
This was the voice of the Whigs at that time,
and they put down the Tories anil the war, and
came into power upon that issue; and such might
now be the case with Whigs here, if they pursue
the sarfie course. Mr. G. said that those who op-
posed this war would stand justified by the light
of this age. A Christian people could not be brought
to spend their money for the purpose of spreading
devastation and havoc in a neighboring republican
territory.
He had proposed to enter on a further examina-
tion of this message; but his time was gone.
The true object of this war had been frankly and
truly stated at the last session by a distinguished
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] j
now sitting before him, and listening to what he \
said. When John P. Hale, (a name he loved to !
repeat here) introduced his resolution to limit sla- '
very to East Texas, that gentleman had said that
every gentleman from the South who should vote I
for that resolution was either a knave or a fool; j
and the reason ho gave was this: that they of the
South had upwards of three millions of slaves, and j
.they must have room for them. If a fiee State ;
should be interposed between them and Mexico, |
it would prove an eternal barrier to the extension
of the slave interest. They must have all Texas,' >
or else all Mexico, for the extension of slavery. !
So, after all, this was, in truth, a war to extend :
the area of slavery. 1
Mr. HOLMES asked if Mr. G. alluded to him ? !
Mr. GIDDINGS said: 1 allude to a specch of '■
Mr. Holmes, of South Carolina. j
Mr. HOLMES said he never used these words,
or heard of them before. He hail 110 objection,
for his own part, to extend the' exclusion of abo- [
litionists, and the introduction of slaves, whom he 1
considered much better people. I
Mr. GIDDINGS said he was aware that the i
gentleman held to the making of slaves; that was
the honorable gentleman's democracy. Mr. G.
supposed it was "progressive democracy."
Mr. PAYNE next addiessed the House. He
had not felt disposed to occupy, at that time, the i
attention of the House, until lie found that the [
leader of the opposition from the northwest had
taken the floor, and ex cathedra commenced the
war upon the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States. When lie found that he had commenced
this war, too, upon the Government, which was
unfortunately engaged in a war with Mexico, lie
(Mr. P.) felt that silence, under these circum-
stances, would be improper. The gentleman spoke
for his party, and he (Mr. P.) took it for granted
that his party united with him in all the denuncia-
tions which he had thought proper to utter, not [
only against the message of the President, but
upon the Go\ ernmentof the United States, engaged, 1
as it unhappily was, in a war with n foreign Power.
If the denunciations had not been made ex cathedra, i
they would have been of small importance. But
occupying the positian which the gentleman did  '
assuming, as he did, to lead a paity—his declara-
tions acquired importance, and became a proper
subject of consideration for those who felt disposed
to sustain the Government. Pie had been not a !
little surprised at the change which had taken
place in regard to the opposition to the war. A
few short months ago that war was denounced as ]
unholy and unjust; and if gentlemen had gone '
back to the tunes of the last war, and adopted the
very words used by Osgood and others, they could
not have succeeded better in reviving the senti- ,
ments and declarations of the anti-war federalists
of 1812. But a change had come over the spirit
of their dream. One gentleman came forward
now, and condemned the message—why? Be-
cause it was an appeal to tiie people! Ay, an ap-
peal to the people! When did the servants of the
people come to occupy a position so elevated that
they should not appeal to the people? In former
days, and under very different forms of govern-
ment, the doctrine of an appeal to the people might
have been condemned; but he (Mr. P.) trusted
that in a government like this, where the people
were the source'and fountain of all authority—
where every individual who held an office in the
government was only the servant of the people, i
the day was far distant when any official would
be so elevated as to render him independent
of all appeal to the people, in vindication of his
conduct. Another gentleman, [Mr. Wijjthrop,]
distinguished for his talent, for his learning,
and it gave him (Mr. P.) great pleasure to add,
his manly bearing upon that floor, had raised
another objection to the message. What was
that ? Why, it was too tong ! It wearied the eyes
and exhausted the patience of members of that
body! Yes; like the ghost of Banquo, it arose
to " sear the eyeballs" of gentlemen who had hith-
erto denounced the course of the Administra-
tion with regard to this war. It was not at all
strange that gentlemen who are opposed to the
war complained of the length of the message. As
a public document, it had no superior in point of
clearness, in point of lucid arrangement, in point
of unsophisticated honesty. And let him tell gen-
tlemen, that however much it might have wearied
their eyes and exhausted their patience, it was a
document which would carry conviction to the
minds and hearts of the American people, with
regard to the justice of the war in which they weie
engaged, and with regard to the necessity of that
war. it would convince the people as to the laud-
able efforts which had been made to avoid the
difficulty forced upon them by the acts of Mexico
herself. He freely confessed that he, for one, was
fully prepared to vindicate that document. It was
true lie had only heard it read at the desk. He
had not subjected it to a perusal in his room. But
lie thought he did not mistake the true purport of
the message; and unless he was grossly deceived—
and he was confident he was not—he was fully
prepared to vindicate eveiy statement and every
principle which the document contained. It was
a document highly honorable to the Executive—
highly creditable to the nation. It was a docu-
ment of which every friend of the Administration
might be justly proud. Much, he was ready to
concede, depended on the full establishment of the
justice of the war. The propriety of the policy of
the Government, and the rectitude of its course,
greatly depended upon that. It would not be con-
troverted that he who waged an unjust war, ac-
quired no rights by the existence of that war. He
concurred fully in the doctrine, that nations en-
gaged in an unjust war, aequiie no rights by its
existence. Every act resulting from the war, is
an additional injury to the just and unoffending
nation, and warrants the latter in the adoption of
any measures necessary and proper to punish the
injury, and enforce justice; and the unjust and
offending nation is solely responsible for all the
consequences. All the misery of private families,
all of the blood and treasure lost; all of the de-
terioration of public moials incident upon war, is
justly chargeable upon the offending nation. He
was fully prepared to show that the war was un-
just on the pait of Mexico, and that she was
chargeable with all its burdens and responsibility.
In order to show the justice of the war on the part
of the United States, if lie were to go into the sub-
ject methodically, it would, perhaps, be tedious
for the House to follow him; but he would .refer
to a few prominent facts—historical facts—known
not only to this Government and people, but to
Mexico and the whole civilized world. Texas was
a member of the Mexican confederacy; and he
would there remark that that confederacy was an
exact model almost of the government by authori-
ty of which they were now assembled there. It
was composed of twenty-six oi twenty-eight sepa-
rate and distinct sovereignties, in every essential
particular precisely such as composed the Govern-
ment of the United States. They had a written
constitution—almost an exact imitation of that of
the United States, with some exceptions, however,
and these he verily believed were in favor of lib-
erty on the side of the Mexican constitution—of
course he alluded to the constitution of 1824; and
that constitution was the cord which bound to-
gether the Mexican confederacy. Now, without
going into particular details, revolution followed
^evolution in quick succession, until the constitu-
tion winch bound the members of that confederacy
was annihilated, and each sovereignty was made
free and independent of all connexion with the
Mexican Government. Let them test that prin-
ciple of application to the Government of the
United States under winch they lived. Suppose
an usurper were to arise there and seize upon
the United States—abolishing the constitution
which was the work of their illustrious ancestry,
consecrated by time, and which guarantied to each
eitizen of the republic freedom and independence;
in that case, would Virginia, would Massachu-
setts, would South Carolina, would any State of
that Union, be any further bound to the Federal
Government ? Why the very act of abolishing the
Constitution of the United States would place each
one of these sovereignties precisely where it origi-
nally stood, without any connexion whatever with
the Federal'Government; and each State would
have a perfict right to organise a government,
adapted to the wants of her people, and form such
political connexion as the safety of the State might
seem to require. That was equally true with re-
gard to the Government of Mexico. Well, when
the constitution of 1824 was abolished, what did
Texas do? Did she seek the revolution? Did
she go into the conflict to set up an usurper in the
presidential chair of Mexico? ]Nro; she took up
arms for the express purpose of reestablishing the
constitution of 1824. She called upon other States
of the confederacy to unite with her. And when
they refused—when they could do nothing more to
sustain the government of tlieir choice, they assem-
bled in convention, and adopted a series of resolu-
tions, just such as would be adopted in ease the
Government of the United States were seized upon
by an usurper, and the Constitution abolished.
Here he would quote from the resolutions of that
convention;
" We then took up arms in defence of our national con-
stitution. We appealed to our Mexican brethren for as-
sistance. Our appeal has been made in vain. Though
months have elapsed,no sympathetic response has yet been
iieard from the inteuor. We aie, therefore, forced to the
melancholy conclusion that the Mexican people have ac-
quiesced in the destruction of their libert}', and the substi-
tution therefor of a militaiy government; that they are ui; fit
to be free, and incapable of self-government.
"The necessity of self-preservation, therefore, now de-
crees oar eternal political separation.
" We, theutfore, the delegates, with plenary powers of the
people of Texas, in solemn convention assembled, appeal-
ing to a candid world tor the necessities of our condition, do
hereby resolve and declare that our political connexion with
tlie Mexican nation has forever ended, and that the people
of Texas do now constitute a FKJCE, SOVEREIGN, AND
INDEPENDENT REPUBLIC; and are fully invested with
all the rights and attributes which pioperly belong to inde-
pendent nations; and conscious of the rectitude of our in-
tentions, we fearlessly and confidently submit the issue to
the Supreme Arbiter of the destinies of nations."
That was the declaration of the people of Texas,
after they had in vain appealed to the balance of
the Mexican people to unite with them in defence
of the constitution of 1824. By the abolition of
that constitution Texas was made free. Mexico
waged a war upon her. What was its character?
Was it a war to reduce a refractory province to
obedience to a legitimate government? Far from
it. Texas had been entirely released from all alle-
giance to that government. The war was one of
conquest, a war of subjugation, a war to force her
to submission to a government to which she had
never assented. Well, the conflict went on, and
finally at San Jacinto the Mexican General, Santa
Ana, fell into the hands of the Texans. Thus,
upon the plains of San- Jacinto, the valor of the
Texan people confirmed their independence. Tliey
repelled the invaders ef their soil. They organi-
zed a government highly creditable to them as a
free nation, and by doing so assumed (and sub-
sequently maintained) an independent position
among the nations of the earth, possessed fully
and completely with all the attributes of sover-
eignty appertaining to a sovereign and indepen-
dent nation.
Thus he had-shown that the independence of
Texas wTas the result of the annihilation of the
constitution of J824, and that that independence
was perpetuated by the battle of San Jacinto.
And now he assumed another position. He as-
sumed not only that Texas was made free and
sustained her freedom; but he assumed that Mexi-
co heiself had acknowledged that independence
and freedom, and that, too, before annexation.
Pie took pleasure in doing that, for two leasons:
because of the misconception which seemed to
prevail on that floor, and because he saw an elabo-
rate editorial article in the National Intelligencer
of Friday last; making a direct issue of fact with
the President in legard to the question of bounda-
ry, and the recognition of the independence of
Texas. In order to show that the independence
of Texas was recognised by Mexico, he (Mr. P.)
proposed to read a letter from Santa Ana, appoint-
ing Fihsola commander-in-chief of the Mexican
