1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
forces. Santa Ana was, he admitted, in the pos-
session of the Texan people; and it was not on
his recognition of Texan independence, although
Santa Ana signed it, that he (Mr, P.) based his
argument, but on the recognition of Filisola in his
treaty. Yet, in the circumstances of the case, it
was the treaty of Filisola, and Santa Ana signed it
only as one of the Mexican commanders, then, to
be sure, in possession of the enemy. Scinta Ana
wrote to Filisola as follows:
Letter from Gen. Santa Ana to Gen. Filisola.
"The small division operating under my immediate
command having had an unfortunate encounter ye&teiday
evening, the rusult has been that 1 am a prisonei of war
with the enemy, who has preserved towards me every pos-
sible respect. Inconsequence your excellency will direct
Ot iit;ral Gaona to countermaich to Bexar to await orders, in
like manner as your excellency win do with the tioops un-
der your orders. You wjII direct General UYrea to retire
with his division to Gundaloupe Victoiia. A provisional
anmstu'g having been agieed upon with General Houston,
negotiations will bu entered into to put an end to the war
forever.
u Your excellcncy may dispose, <br the use of the army,
which from this time remains under your command, ot the
supplies and funds winch are at M.ttamoros and Victoria,
independent of the twenty thousand dollars which ought to
lie in the army chest on leaving Bexar, &c., &c., &c.
"ANTON[O LOPEZ DE SANTA ANA.
" San Jacinto, April 22,1836."
Here Santa Ana, then the head of the Mexican
nation, appointed General Filisola commander-in-
chief of the Mexican forces. Now, what did the
Government (ad interim) of Mexico do? It con-
firmed that appointment. Here was the order:
" Secretary's Office of War and Marine, Central Section,
First Bureau.
" Excellent Sir : With the most profound sorrow, his
excellency ih« President pro tem. has learned by the olli-
cial letter ot your excellency of 2oUi last month, the defeat
suffered on the 21st of the same month by the division com-
manded in person by the President General-in-Chief of the
atmv, and the very lamentable misfortune that his excel-
lency should he made pn^oner, with other chiefs and officers.
His excellency, the President pro trm., is in some
measure consoled, that a general so experienced as your
excellency, s-houlri be the one who obtains tiie command, the
which he expiesoly confnms.
" The first desire that his excellency has is, that you ad-
dress the enemy's general, exacting from him, by decorous
means, the liberty of the President G«jneral-iii-eluef, or at
least, dining the time this point o<m be regulated, the con-
siderations due to his high dignity, and to a person so dis-
tinguished m the annals of Ameiic-an history, and lor whose
preservation the entire nation mteiested by gratitude, and
because he is chief of it.
"His excellency the President pro tem. counts upon your
excellency's directing all his efiorts to save the remainder of
the army, by concentrating it, so as to lender it more re-
spectable, placing it in a convenient place for receiving pro-
visions, for which the most efficacious measures arc adopt-
ed. The preservation of Bexar is of absolute necessity, iu
order that the Government, according to circumstances, may
act as they see fit.
" The fate of all the prisoners is very interesting to the
nation ; and it is recommended to your excellency to en-
deavor to alleviate it, gmng authority from this moment to
propose exchanges, and to preserve, for this purpose,, and
because humanity exacts it, the life of the prisoners made,
and that may be made, from the enemy. Your excellency
knows the circumstances winch may result from an impru-
dence committed in this affair; but the Government fears
nothing as regards this, because it knows how great is the
skill and zeal of your excellency for the best service of the
country."
Thus, Mr. P. thought, it was pretty clearly es-
tablished that Filisola, by appointment from Santa
Ana, and confirmation by the Government ad in-
terim of Mexico, was the commander-in-chief of
the Mexican army, not in captivity, but at the
head of 4,000 well-appointed troops; and hence the
plea of the invalidity of the acts of Santa Ana,
resulting from his captivity, is not applicable to
Filisola. What he did was voluntarily entered
into, and therefore obligatory upon his Govern-
ment, within the rule of his instructions and au-
thority.
What did the instructions of the authorities of
Mexico authorize Filisola to do? To "exact"
the release of Santa Ana, and secure the lives of
the prisoners taken at the battle of San Jacinto.
These were the instructions given-—these were the
ends to be attained; and he contended all of the
means necessary to the attainment of these ends
followed. To bestow a power upon an agent, and
yet deny to him the only means of executing it,
is an absurdity too great even for the Government
ad interim of Mexico.
What, then, did Filisola do > He signed a treaty,
with other commanders of the Mexican army, en-
tered into "with the authorities of Texas, of which
the following is the fourth article;
"4th. That the President, S:mtn Ana, in his official ca-
pacity as chief ot the Mexican nation, and the Generals Don
Vmcente Filisola, Don Jose Urrea, Don Joaquin Ramnes
y SeMiM, and Don Antonio Gaona, as chiefs of armi".- do
solemnly acknowledge, sanction, and ratify^ the full, en-
tire, and perfect independence of the republic of Texas,
with filch boundaries as are hereafter set forth and agreed
upon for the same."
Here was an express recognition of the independ-
ence of Texas, not by Santa Ana, but by Filisola,
who was not in captivity, but at the head of 4,000
men. It was voluntary, .and therefore binding
upon the Government of Mexico. In this view
he was sustained by Vattel. And now to the law :
'■ Every promise ma Je by any of the subordinate powers, !
by any commander within ins department, in conformity to
the terms of his commission and to the authority which he
naturally derives from his office and the functions intrusted
to lus care—every such promise, X say, is, for the reasons
above alleged, made in the name and by the authority of the
sovereign, and equally obligatory on him, as if he had him-
self personally made it. Thus a Governor capitulates for
the town which he commands, and for the garrison j and
what he has piomised, the sovereign cannot invalidate. In
the last war, the General who commanded the French at
Lintz engaged to march back his troops on this side the
Rhine. Governors of towns have often promised that, for
a limited time, their garrisons should not carry arms against
the enemy with whom they capitulated; and these capitu-
lations have always been faithfully observed."
Filisola acted under the authority of Mexico;
and in that character he solemnly recognised the
independence of the Texan people. A promise
made by him was as obligatory as if made by the
nation itself. What, then, becomes of the denial of
the Intelligencer, that the independence of Texas
had been recognised by Mexico; or of the cease-
less clamor against the war, because that recogni-
tion had not been made? Gone to the winds.
He now proposed to examine the question of
boundary. Some gentlemen say it extends only
to the Nueces. Whence did they derive that
opinion? Was it from any public document ex-
tant, or was it merely an idle idea of a distemper-
ed imagination, having its oiigin ill what some
might consider the wayward course of a distin-
guished Senator in the other end of the Capitol?
It could not be carried further than the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] It was not an
original idea by any means; but he defied any one
to point out any authority for it in any public
document, or any principle of national law. It
was the offspring of the Senator from Missouri—
there it was to be found, and nowhere else. But
the treaty to which he had referred fixed the
boundary of Texas from the mouth of the Rio
Grande to its souice. Now, whether it embraced
Santa Fe or not, it recognised the boundary from
the mouth of the Rio Grande to its source. So he
affirmed on the authority of his own recollection
of reading the treaty—he had not been able to get
that article of it—and on the authority of the pres-
ent Secretary of State, while a member of the Sen-
ate, in a speech delivered in that body. He stated
it also upon the authority of the historian of Tex-
as, (General H. S. Foote.) He had a quotation
from that historian—not necessary to be read now
—in which he stated expressly that the boundary
line ran from the mouth of the Rio Grande to
its source. These were the data upon which he
(Mr. P.) had made the statement. There was
another issue of fact made in the National Intelli-
gencer, in that article to which he had already re-
ferred, in reference to the boundary. It was denied
that that treaty designated the boundary, and that
I denial was necessary to make out the case attempted
to be made in that paper. But it was there—it was a
public document—it was matter for all the world to
read. The boundary of Texas extended precisely
as laid down in the message. It is designated by
1 the constitution of Texas, by a statute defining
j her boundary, and (as already said) by the 5th arti-
i cle of the treaty between Filisolo and the authori
ties of Texas; and in ail and every instance, em-
bracing the east bank of the Rio Grande from its
mouth to its source. Having seen that Texas was
not only sovereign within the limits claimed, but
so recognised by Mexico, before annexation, it is
evident, that upon the consummation of that meas-
ure, the whole territory, by act of annexation, pass-
ed to this Government,and became American soil.
Where, then, the impropriety of sending troops to
the banks of the Rio Grande, when, as the Ex-
ecutive had declared, Mexico herself had an-
nounced that annexation alone would be a causc
of war? Mexico had concentrated her forces on
the banks of the Rio Grande. He asked the
American people, if not the persons by whom he
was surrounded—he asked the American people,
if their territory was to be invaded from any quar-
ter, would they not hold the President bound to
resist and punish every aggression upon the Ameri-
can soil? Resist it? Yes; to the very last drop
of their life's blood Americans would resist it.
The President sent the troops there, and no sooner
had they taken up that position, than that nation
which had accumulated wrongs upon them, invaded
the soil of their country. Was not that a hostile act
which justified war? That was the act which pro-
duced war between the Governments of the United
States and Mexico. That was an invasion of Amer-
ican soil. And where was the recreant American
who, when a hostile foot touched that sacred soil,
would not meet the invader with all the fire which
animated a truly patriotic soul ? Heenvied the feel-
ings of no man who entertained a different view in
regard to the obligations resting upon a citizen to
repel every hostile foot which invaded the land
of Washington. This was all that the Presi-
dent had done. The war is therefore just upon
our part, and Mexico is alone responsible for its
consequences. It was a war to repel invasion.
But did any gentleman desire that, when invaded
by a foreign Power, we should content ourselves
in repelling the invasion, and lemaining supinely
upon our oars until the insult is repeated, and wc
be restrained from pursuing the invader? Did
they desire that, or would they go an inch further?
He hoped they would go an inch further. He
hoped they would have no objection against our
pursuing the footsteps of the invader across the
boundary, and then inflicting upon him the punish-
ment which he deserved.
And now he (Mr. P.) approached anotherpoint,
which, though not directly made by thegentleman
who spoke ex cathedra for his party on this subject,
had yet been made in the progress of the discus-
sion. What was it? Itvvns the taking possession
of a portion of the Mexican provinces, and the
establishment of government there. The taking
possession of an enemy's country, and of what-
ever belonged to it that would weaken an enemy,
as a national right, no one can doubt it, is a con-
sequence of war ; therefore, in doing this thing,
the country had done only that which she was
bound to do and obliged to do. And now the
question presented itself—we having taken posses-
| sion of the country, having it in the occupancy of
! the military authority of the United States—was a
government to be established there or not? The
President of the United States told them that this
military possession was only temporary. It was
not contemplated as a permanent thing. Mr. P.
concurred1 fully in the justice of the view which he
took of Mexico. If she pay the expenses of the
war, and recognise the boundary of Texas as re-
cognised by Mexico herself—if she do this, in
God's name, said he, give back every inch of terri-
tory to which she is justly entitled. He therefore
concurred most fully in this view of the subject with
the President of the United States, but >vas of the
opinion that the President might have gone further
in the message which he sent to Congress, though
he rejoiced that he did not. The remark of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] that by
the act of conquest the conquered territory became .
the property of this country, had been disputed.
But he (Mr. P.) thought that Mr. D. was fully
sustained by Vattel.
He believed it might be assumed as a correct
principle of international law, that a conquering
State succeeds to all of the rights, no matter of what
grade, possessed by the original sovereign, over
conquered provinces. The rights of the sovereign,
perfect or imperfect, pass by act of conquest to the
conqueror. In regard to those possessions, to
which the right of the sovereign is an imperfect
one, Vattel says:
" Immoveable possessions, lands, towns, provinces, &c.,
become the piopertv of the enem> who makes liim&eli'master
of them : but it is only by the treaty of peace, or the entire
submission and extinction of the State to winch t!io*e towns
and provinces belonged, that the acquisition is completed,
and the property becomes stable and perfect."
But in speaking of the conquest of a province or
territory to which the sovereign had an absolute and
perfect title, Vattel holds the following language:
" Hitherto I evidently apeak of n city or a country which
is not simplv an integrant part of a nation, or which does
not 1'ullv bclon" to a sovereign, but over which that nation
or that sovereign lias certain rights. If the conquered town
oi province fully and perfectly constituted a part of the do-
n^ain of a nation or sovereign, it passes on the same footing
into the power of the conqueror. Thenceforward united
with the new State to which it belong if it be a losei by
the change, that is a misfortune which it must wholly im-
pute to the chance of war. Thus, if a town which made
part ofa republic or a limited monarchy,and enjoyed aright
