.42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
Mr. EVANS, on leave, introduced a bill grant-
ing a pension to John Clark;
Also, a bill granting a pension to Joseph Mor-
rison;
Which were severally read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions,
Also, a bill for the relief of Mary MacRae, widow
of Lieutenant Colonel MacRae,or the United States
army; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a joint resolution for the relief of David
Shaw and others; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
- Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a bill for
fhr relief of Joseph Wilson, a purser in the navy;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRfDGE, on leave, introduced a
bill for the relief of Shadrach Grillet and others;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. GREENE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roails be instructed to-inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from the
Washington Village, in the town of Coventry, in
the State of Rhode Island, by the way of Maple
Fort Meeting-house, Weaver's Hill, and East Col-
lege Hill, in West Greenwich, to the town of Voi-
untown, in the State of Connecticut*
Mr. TCJRNEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of allowing all volimtceis, discharged in Mexico
in eonscquenec of sickness, their pay for the full
term of their enlistment.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of relinquishing to the States of Illinois and Indi-
ana all that pait of the national road within their
limits; and of granting to said States a quantity of
land which will be adequate to'the completion of
said road to the Mississippi river.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered, by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquiic into the expediency of
making an appropriation to indemnify the ofllccrs,
.seamen, and marines, of the United States steam
frigate Missouri, for the losses sustained by them
by the destruction by lire of the said frigate, at
Gibraltar, on the. 2d August, 1843.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Rcwived, That the Secretary of the Senate be
required to procure for the use of the Senate
10,000 copies of a topographical map of the road
from Missouri to Oregon, compiled by Charles
Preuss, the cost thereof not to exceed twenty-six
hundred dollars.
Mr. CREESE submitted the following resolu- :
lion for consideration: j
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be j
instiucted to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king appropriations for such harbors in the United
States as the safety of navigation and interests of
eommercc require.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing the appointment, on
the part of the House, of a joint Committee on
Enrolled Bills; which was read and concurred
in.
Also, a message announcing the passage by the
House of a joint resolution for the election of two
chaplains to Congress, of different denominations,
one by each House, to officiate during the present
session; which was read and concurred in.
president's message.
Mr. SEVIER moved to take up the message of
the President of the United States, with a view to
its reference to the appropriate committees; which
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, so much of the
message as relates to the foreign relations of the
country was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, so much of the
message as relates to-naval affairs, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs. **
On motion by Mr. LEWIS, so much of the
message as relates to the finances of the country,
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. NILES, so much of the mes-
sage as relates to the Post Office Department, was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, so much of the
message as relates to military affairs, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DIX, so much of the mes-
sage as relates to the commerce of the country,
was leferred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, so much of
the message as relates to manufactures, was refer-
red to the Committee on Manufactures.
On motion by Mr. WESTCOTT, so much of
the message as relates to the organization of terri-
torial governments in *the province of Mexico,
taken possession of by the arms of the United
States, was referred to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, so much of the
| message as relates to the public lands, was refer-
| red to the Committee on Public Lands,
! The following resolution, heretofore submitted
j by Mr. Semple, was taken up, and adopted :
j Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
I be instructed to inquire into the expediency of cs-
; tablishing an additional judicial district in the State
! of Illinois.
mails to and from the volunteers.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Semple, came up for consideration :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate what
measures, if any, have been taken for the trans-
mission of letters and papers to and from the vol-
unteers now in the service of the United States
in Mexico; and whether, in his opinion, any leg-
islative action is necessary to secure the speedy
transmission and delivery of such letters and pa-
pers.
Mr. EVANS wished to know why the resolu-
tion should be limited to the correspondence of the
volunteers, and not have reference to the whole
army.
Mr. SEMPLE. He believed there was already
a system established for the army.
Mr. EVANS. I should like to know that.
Mr. SEMPLE. He believed there was a pro-
vision by which the letters for the regular army
were required to be prepaid; but that he under-
stood did not extend to the volunteers. He had
no objection, however, to modify the resolution.
Many of his friends had sent letters to persons
among the volunteers, which had not been received.
He believed there had been some irregularity in
regard to payment of the postage beforehand at
the proper office, and charging the same to the sol-
diers. If this matter had been properly attended
to, the letters would have been safely delivered,
and much anxiety an inconvenience on the part of
the soldiers and their friends at home avoided.
Mr. S. then modified his resolution so as to in-
clude the regular army as well as volunteers, and
in this shape it was agreed to.
pay, pensions, and prize-money.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Benton, was taken up, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of allowing three months' extra pay to all the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates of volunteers, who have engaged or shall
engage to serve during the war with Mexico, to be
paid at the time of their discharge; also, the same
allowance to all non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates, of the regular army, who shall
engage to serve for the same term. Also, to in-
quire into the expediency of placing the army, in
all its extent of officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, (militia, volunteers, and
regulars,) on the same footing with the officers,
petty officers, and seamen, in the navy, with re-
spect to pensions for wounds or disabilities received
in service, and provision for their families in the
event of being killed or dying in service; and also
with respect to prize money for public property
taken from the enemy, so far as to make the same
a fund in the hands of the Government for the
payment of pensions to the families of those killed
or dying in the service.
territorial government in mexico.
Mr. SEVIER rose and said that his attention
had just been called to amotion, (which had passed
without his notice)—a motion made by the Sen-
ator from Florida, [Mr. Westcott,] to refer cer-
tain parts of the President's message to the Com-
mittee on Territories. He desired a reconsideration
of the vote by which that motion had been adopt-
ed, because it embraced a subject which did not
properly fall within the cognizance of the Commit-
tee on Territories. The conquered provinces in
Mexico could be governed in accordance with the
law of nations, without the interference of Con-
gress.
Mr. WESTCOTT read the following clause
in the message as that upon which his resolution
was predicated, and which it was intended to re-
fer:
" The war will continue to be prosecuted with vigor, as the
best means of securing peace. It is hoped that the decision
of the Mexican Congress, to which our last ovciture has
been referred, may result in a speedy and honorable peace.
With our experience, howev* r, of the unreasonable course
of the Mexican authorities, Jt is the part of wisdom not to
relax in the energy of our military operations until the result
is made known. In this view, it is deemed important to
hold military possession of all the provinces wluch have
been taken until a definitive treaty of peace shall have been
concluded and ratified by the two countries- The war has
not been waged with a view to conquest; hut, having been
commenced by Mexico, it has been cained into the enemy's
country, and will be vigorously prosecuted there, with «i view
t9 obtain an honorable peaec, and thereby secuie ample
indemnity foi the expenses of the wat, as well as to our
much-injured citizen?, who hold large pecuniary demands
against Mexico.
ii By the laws of nations a conquered territory is subject
to be governed hv the conqueror durnig-his military po>s-et~
t.jon, and until there is either a treaty of peace, or he shall
voluuUirMy wilhdi.iw troui ii. The old civil government
being necessarily superseded, it is the light and duty of the
conqueior to secure his conquest, and to provide for the
maintenance of civil order and the rights of the inhabitants.
This light has been exercised, and this duty performed, by
our military and naval commanders, by the establishment of
temporary governments in some of the conquered provinces
in Mexico, assimilating tliem as far as ptactieable to the free
institutions of our own country, fn the provinces of New
Mexico, and of the Cahfornias. little if any further resistance
is apprehended from the inhabitants to the temporary gov-
ernments which have thus, fioin the necessity of the case,
and according to the laws of war, been established. It may
be proper to provide for the security of these important con-
quests by making an adequate appropriation toi the purpose
of erecting fortifications *ind defraying the cxpcn-scs necessari-
ly incident to the maintenance of our possession awl authority
over i/icm."
Mr. W. said he approved of the course of the
President and of the military and naval command-
ers m California and New Mexico, so far as he
was informed of what it had been, in relation to
the establishment of a temporary civil government
in the conquered territories. The law of nations,
the laws of war justified them. He was averse,
however, to the continued exercise of the power
which the President, as commander-in-chief of the
army and navy, and the commanders there under
his instructions, had. He would not allow the
law of the sword to be in force any longer than
was imperiously necessary. He was for the legis-
lative authority of Congress regulating and con-
trolling that power, and substituting civil govern-
ment under its authority in those territories. It is
true, the President and his commandcrs in those
territories have commendably declined the exercise
of military law, by constituting civil government,
and appointing civil magistrates, to whom tliey
have delegated a portion of the plenary authority
they possess.
But, sir, (said Mr. W.,) if we only retain pos-
session of these countries for a few months, the
legislative power of Congress should not leave
those territories subject to military law alone, un-
less there are cogent reasons to restrain us from
regulating it. Much more was it our duty to do
so if it was intended to retain possession of them
for the debt Mexico owes us. 1 conceive that the
Committee on Territories is the appropriate com-
mittee to prepare the law organizing such eivil
government for those territories; but I am careless
on this point. The organization of such civil gov-
ernment by Congress would not indicate to the
world that it was the settled ulterior purpose of the
United States to hold these territories. He would
