1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
not now discuss the question as to the constitu-
tional right of this Government to acquire territory
by conquest. This is not the proper time; but he
would suggest—and not as his own opinion merely,
but as the solemn judgment of the highest judicial
tribunal in this country—that the Federal Consti-
tution docs not extend beyond the boundaries of
the States. It is not ex vi termini in force in our
Territories. It did not extend to Louisiana or to
Florida till admitted as States, except so far as
Congress had adopted its provisions by special
law, declaring they shall so extend. It does not
now extend to Oregon.
Those invaluable provisions, securing the writ
of habeas corpus, the liberty of speech, freedom as
to religion, were never in force in Florida till made
so by the law organizing her Territorial govern-
ment. Over a conquered country or people (Mr.
W. said) he would extend these provisions the
moment it was safe to do so, instead of leaving
them subject to despotic power. He did not mean
(he said) to use these terms invidiously towards
any officer. The only inquiry he woulu make is,
was there any necessity for the continued exercise
of military power alone in those territories? In
this instance, this question is answered by the dec-
laration of the President in his message, that our
possession of those territories will not probably be
hereafter disturbed. Mr. W. said he had done
what he conceived to be his duty—brought the
subject before the Senate. It'was simply a ques-
tion as to the propriety of substituting civil law,
under the authority of Congress, for military law.
He had full confidence in the /iaval and military
commanders in California and New Mexico; but
he would not leave the powers they possessed
with any man without restraint or regulation of
law, when the necessity for so doing did not exist.
He said he was entirely content with whatever
disposition might be made of the resolution on the
subject: he had satisfied his own sense of right in
the courseJie had taken.
Mr. BENTON said he was precisely of the
same opinion, with respect to this motion of the
Senator from Florida, that the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations had expressed.
It struck him as most extraordinary when it was
read; and the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations not being in his seat, but in another
part of the chamber, he (Mr. B.) sent for him; and
before he got into his seat the motion had been
adopted without attracting any notice, being mixed
up with otheis, which passed as a matter of course.
He would now express his hope that the Senator
fiom Florida would withdraw his motion, inas-
much as, from reading that part of the message to
which he had referred them, it would be seen that
there was no such thing embraced in it as that
which he proposed to refer to the committee. He
desired the Senator from Florida to state whether
he would withdraw his motion.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he might not be very
apt at construction, but he couid not understand
the concluding sentence of the clause of the mes-
sage he had quoted as meaning anything else than
a lecommendation to Congress to legislate with
respect to the provinces possessed by our army,
as his resolution indicated. If not, what did it
mean ? He (Mr. W.) declined withdrawing the
resolution.
Mr. BENTON proceeded. The gentleman does
not withdraw his motion: will the Secretary please
to read it.
[The motion was read by the Secretary.]
The gentleman has read to the Senate the part
of the message to which his motion refers, and
his own reading of it shows that there is no such
thine, in it as his motion contemplates. The gen-
tleman's motion imputes to the President's mes-
sage things which are not contained m it; it must,
therefore, impose upon the Senate the necessity of
rejecting it, or of assuming the responsibility of
imputing to tiie message that which it does not
contain. I really wish the gentleman would con-
sent to withdraw his motion.
Mr. ARCHER desired that that portion of the
message which had been referred to by the Sena-
tor from Florida should be again read; which
having been done—
Mr. BENTON continued. We now perceive
that there is no iccommendation that a territorial
government be authorized to be formed in any part
of the conqueted provinces of Mexico. Themes-
sage merely recites the fact that New Mexico and
California, have been taken possession of by the
army of the United States, and that a temporary
government has been established there under the
law of nations. The President in his message
j merely recites this fact, and then leaves it to Con-
i gress to say whether appropriations may be neces-
; sary to enable the conquerors to secure their con-
! quest by fortifications, and any other expedients
; that may be incident to the maintenance of their
| authority. That is the whole matter. Well now,
; sir, as far as there is anything in this for the ex-
1 amination of a committee, it is already referred to
1 the Committee on Military Affairs; and being refer-
red to its appropriate committee, I extremely regret
that the gentleman should have thought proper to
submit this motion. As for Congress going to work
to extend the laws of the United States over a ter-
ritory newly subjected by our army, he thought it
was rather a dangerous piece of business.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The Senator from Mis-
souri has entirely mistaken my proposition.
Mr. BENTON. I hope so, sir; I hope I have
mistaken it. I hope, however, the gentleman will
withdraw it.
Mr. SEVIER. The vote is to be reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the reconsideration of the vote.
Mr. WESTCOTT said the Senator from Mis-
souri bad misconceived the object and purport of
his resolution,as much as that Senator seemed to
think he (Mr. W.) had misconceived the Presi-
dent's message. Mr. W. begged leave to put the
Senator right. It is not proposed to extend the
laws of the United States, now applicable to the
States and Territories, over California and New
Mexico; it is not purposed to regard them as a
part and parcel of the United States, without refer-
ence to what may occur hereafter; but it is only
proposed that Congress shall regulate and control
the power and authority of our military and naval
officers there, by the passage of a law establishing
a. temporary civil government there adapted to the
circumstances.
With reference to the message, Mr. W. asked,
what is meant by that sentence which, after the
declaration of our undisturbed possession of those
provinces, says: " Jt may be 2>roper to provide for
4 Ike security of those important conquests, by making
* an adequate appropriation for the purpose of erecting
6 fortifications and defraying the expenses necessarily
' incident to the maintenance of our possession
i and authority o^er thebl"? If it did 110t mean
what the resolution suggests, he wouid ask Sena-
tors what it did mean. As to fortifications, those
1 necessary to defend the country against Mexico,
| from whom it states no disturbance of our posses-
I sion is to be anticipated, can be erected by our
j army, and paid for out of the military appropn-
I ations. Mr. VV". had no doubt the President, if
| asked, would say that he did not mean fortifica-
I tions of this character, but more permanent for-
! tifications, with a view to thepeimanent possession
| by the United States of those territones; but he
i (Mr. W.) might be mistaken, and it was not im-
| portant now to inquire on the subject. But what
| is meant by the recommendation of an apprupria-
| tion for the " maintenance of our possession and
j authority over them V How long to be maintained ?
I What 'kind of authority ? There is no law neces-
; sary to invest the President with plenary military
power. That he has already. So, too, as to the
expenses attending the exercise of that power, the
general appropnations for the war cover them.
The message looks (said Mr. W.) to the org&niza-
| tion at least of a temporary civil government,
under authority of Congress, to maintain our
"possession" and "authority" there.
Air. W. asked, does the Senator from Missouri
mean to contend that the President is to retain
possession of the territory conquered by our arms,
and govern it forever by the "laws of nations and
Jaws of war," unless IVlexico agrees to cede it to
us, and that the hands of this Government aie
tied so that wc cannot extend to the conquered
people any civil rights? I trust not. The same
Constitution which gives to the President and his
subordinates the power they have exercised, gives
to Congress the power to sccure even to a conquei-
ed people those inestimable civil and political privi-
leges all should possess.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) I repeat, if we intend to re-
tain possession of those territories only for one
month, in my humble opinion, it is due to our free
institutions, to the American name, to the princi-
ples of natural right and political liberty, not to
leave the civil rights and privileges even of a con-
quered people, in a war, too, which their military
more than they provoked, to depend on the will of
military despots; but Congress should secure and
regulate them by law. I repeat that I do not in-
tend to apply this term despot to the President or
his officers. I use it merely with reference to his
and their powers, exercised, and lawfully exer-
cised, under the laws of war. To restrain and
regulate this despotic power is all that the resolu-
tion proposes.
In order to prevent misconception, Mr. W. said
he would conform to a suggestion made to him,
and insert the word " temporary" in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BENTON was unwilling that the Senate
should even entertain the resolution—in the first
place, because it attributed to the President of the
United States what he did not recommend; and,
secondly, that it would present the Senate of the
United States to the country and to the world as
legislating for territory not yet incorporated in our
Union.
Mr. SEYIER said he had but one word to add
to what had been said; and it was,in the first place,
as was properly said by the Senator from Missouri,
that the proposition to refer imputed to the Presi-
dent's message what was not to be found in it: andj
in the next place, that there were other parties to
the laws of nations besides ourselves. It was not in
our power to repeal or alter any part of those laws.
He hoped the Senator from Florida would with-
draw his motion.
Mr. BENTON. Oh, yes, withdraw it.
Mr. WESTCOTT asked if the Senator from
Arkansas designed to contend that Congress had
no power to restrain or regulate by law the exer-
cise of authority by our naval and military officers
in California and JSrew Mexico?
Mr. SEYIER. I said not one word about a
military commander. I said it was proposed to
leave those conquered provinces to be governed
according to the laws of nations while the war
lasts.
[Mr. BENTON. Precisely.]
And I suppose that our citizens there will be
sufficiently protected under that law.
Mr. CAMERON said it was with great reiuc-
tancc that he found himself compelled to oppose a
motion made by his honorable friend from Flori-
da. He was forced to do so on this occasion,
mainly because he thought it was liable to miscon-
struction; at all events, it could do no .good. He
hoped, therefore, his friend would withdraw his
motion.
Mr. WESTCOTT again refused to withdraw
it.
Mr. ARCHER said it appeared to him that the
subject now presented to the Senate was not at all
involved in anything which the message of the
President contained. It was certainly a question
of the greatest importance; one which demanded,
and which he hoped would receive the attention
of Congress at the proper time. But what was the
question, as now presented by the Senator? It
wos a question concerning the extension of the
civil jurisdiction of the United Suites beyond the
!, limits of the United States. He would ask that
honorable Senator himself, if he would under-
j take to say that the Committee on Territories of
i the Senate could take cognizance of such a subject ?
I The Senator had himself admitted that the juris-
!1 diction of our laws extended only to the bounda-
ries of the United Suites; nay, he had gone fur-
; ther, and had even admitted that they could not
i, be carricd beyond the limits of the United States
I proper.
'j Mr. WESTCOTT said he had contended that
;! the Constitution of the United Slates did not ex-
1: tend beyond the States—it was a compact between
I 'the States. All territories were within this rule,
]; whether acquired by conquest, by purchase, or
! discovery, or a part of the original domain of the
Confederacy not organized into States.
: Mr. ARCHER. But how does the Senator cx-
pect to extend the operation of the Constitution
and laws to territories which are not within the
.I limits of the United States? And yet the subject-
i! matter of his resolution has this bearing. My
,! opinion is (continued Mr. A.) that we ought not,
,1 at this time, to undertake to decide which is the
'| committee which ought to take cognizance of this
! subject. And why ? Because we are not yet re-
