1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 16, 1846.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order would be the call of the States for pe'
titions.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were accordingly pre-
sented by the following members, and appropri-
ately referred :
Mr. NORRIS, of New Hampshire, presented
the memorial of Iehabod Bartlett and one hundred
and thirty-two other citizens of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, praying for the construction of a dry
dock at the naval station at that place.
Also, the petition of Thomas Rand and sixty
others, for the same object.
Mr. ABBOTT, of Massachusetts, presented the
petition of Eben S. Coffin for indemnification for
French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of New York, presented a
memorial of the Directors of the New York Insti-
tution for the Deaf and Dumb, praying for the
grant of a township of land; which was referred to
a select committee, consisting of five members.
Petitions from New York were also presented
by Mr. BENTON, Mr. CULVER, Mr. SEA-
MAN and Mr. CARROLL.
On motion of Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL,
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of
State on the consular system be referred to a se-
lect committee appointed at the last session, and
which committee is hereby revived.
Mr. RATHBUN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Now York in favor of
the"passage of a law by Congress to regulate and
establish the pilot system of the United Slates
upon equitable and pioper principles, and giving
to each State the power to pass laws for the ap-
pointment and regulation of pilots for itself; which
were referred to the Committee of Commerce.
Mr. BRODHEAD and Mr. YOST presented
petitions from Pennsylvania.
Mr. POLLOCK asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That in lieu of the duty upon tea and
coffee, for the purpose of increasing the revenue,
as proposed by the Secretary of the Treasury in
his late annual report to Congress, the Committee
of Ways and Means be directed to report a bill
repealing the act of July 30, 1846, entitled "An
act reducing the duties on imports, and for other
purposes," and reviving the tariff of August 30,
1842.
Objection was made to the reception of the res-
olution.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to suspend the rules,
and asked the yeas and nays on that motion,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Aslimun, Barringer,
Blanehard, Brodhead, Buffington, Wm. \V. Campbell, John
H Campbell, Carioll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Collamcr,
Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Darrygh, Garrett Davis, Delano,
Dixon, Doekcry, John II. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, i
Gentry, Weldings, Graham, Grider,Gunnell, Hale, Hampton, .
Harper, Eh as B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hub- j
bard. Hudson. Washington Hunt, Jos. E. Ingorsoll, Thomas I
Butler King, Levin, Long, MeGaughey, McHcnry, Moll- .
vaine, Mar^h, Miller, Museley, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, I
Ripley, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Rank,
Sehenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, A. Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Thibodeanv, Thomasson,
Benjamin Thompson, Tiiden, Trumbo, Vancc, Vinton,
White, Winthrop, and Young—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bavly, Bedmger, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A.
Black, Bowdon, Boyd, linnkerholT. William G. Blown,
Burt, Catbcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Itenben Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Collin, Cottrell, Cullom, Cummins,
Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin,
Dronicoole. Dunlap, Ellsworth, F.rdman, Faran, Foster,
Fues, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear. Gordon, Hamlin, Haralson,
Henley, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hough, George S. Houston,
Hungertbid, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingei.-.oll.
J. II. Johnson. A. Johnson, G. W. Jones, S. Jones, Kenne-
dv, Preston King, Leake, Li'll), La Seie, Ligon. Lumpkin,
Maolay, AT^Clean, McClelland, MeClernand, McDaniel,
James*McDowell, John P. Martin, Baiklev Martin, Morse,
Moulton, Norns, Owen, Payne, Perull. Perry, Pillsbury,
liathbun, Held, Reife, Itliett, Ritter, Robeits, Saw telle,
S.uvyer, Seanimon, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Simpson.
Thomas Smith, Rolen-t Smith, Stanton, Staikweather, St.
John, Strong, Jacob Thompson. Tlmnnan,Tibbatts, Towns,
Trodwaj, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wood-
ward, and Y'o-t—110.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. DILLINGHAM gave notice that he would,
fit an early day, ask leave to bring in a bill to
change the places and fix the times of holding the
circuit and district courts of the United States in
the district of Vermont.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would, at
an early day, ask leave to introduce a bill regula-
ting appointments to office, and guarding the pub-
lic service from improper influences.
Mr. SEAMAN gave notice that he would ask
leave to bring ill a bill to provide for th,e ascer-
tainment and satisfaction of claims of American
citizens for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the 31st day of July, 1801.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the resolu-
tions proposing to refer to different committees the
President's message.
Mr. GENTRY was entitled to the floor. He
said it had not been his intention to address the
House on the subjects in the Executive commu-
nication at the present time, but to wait tili a more
advanced period of the session, when a more tan-
gible question should come before them. At such
a period he had purposed to present somewhat at
large his views on tins subject of the Mexican
war. Bat his course had been changed: changed
in part by the remarks of gentlemen in the debate
yesterday, and in part, and indeed chiefly, by the
denunciations contained ill the message against
those who belonged to the same political party
with himself. The language held by the Presi-
dent m the part of his message alluded to, had in-
duced him to alter his purpose, and to speak now.
And he spoke now more for the purpose of show-
ing that he was not afiaid to speak than for any-
thing felse.
The President of the United States, in his mes-
sage" to both Houses of Congress, had descended
from the dignity of his high station, and violated
the propriety of his office, by assuming that all
who dared to call in question the propriety of his
acts in originating and continuing the present war,
were guilty of affording " aid and comfort" to the
enemies of the United States: terms which seemed
purposely taken from the legal definition of treason:
and his friends, in the debate of yesterday, if not
called upon, had volunteered to reiterate the same
charge aganistevery independent American freeman
who should have the temerity (and as they seemed^
to think the insolence) to call in question the eon-'
duct of the Chief Magistrate.
Mr. G. said he had chosen to express his senti-
ments now, simply in order to bring himself within
the range of these denunciations. He chose to
identify himself with those who were thus accused.
Why, sir, (said Mr. G.) we are put upon our met-
tle: and if, after such language, we should decline
to speak here on any and eveiy subject connected
with the Executive and this his war, we may sub-
ject ourselves to the charge of having our hps par-
alyzed by fear. We are called on to maintain our
rights as freemen, or basely to surrender them
through dread of Executive power. Therefore I
shall speak.
Mr. G. said it was not his intention to go elab-
orately into the constitutional questions, or ques-
tions of the law of nations, which had been dis-
cussed here by learned gentlemen who had taken
part in this debate. He spoke that he might an-
nounce his own opinions, not to tieat theus with
disrespect. He held an opinion which seemed to
be controverted by some gentlemen here, that a
man might be loyal to his country and yet opposed
to the President. He did not hold it to be just,
that the true and only test, of patriotism was fealty
. to the President of the United States. He could
; imagine a set of circumstances—nay, circumstances
\ now existed, when a man could uphold the cause
' of his country, and yet strenuously oppose the
' Executive. It seemed to him that great mistakes
had been made here on the doctrines of the law of
| nations; and the positions taken seemed to show
that we had become degenerate, that we hod so far
fallen from the high virtue of our patriot ances-
tors, as to suppose that the President of the United
States was the Government of the United States,
and was possessed of unlimited power." We were
rapidly advancing towards that maxim of royalty
that " the king can do no wrong," and that none
| could be patriots who did not shout hosannas to
whatever lie might choose to do. Men might per-
1 sevsringly vols supplies for the war; nay, they
might wet with their best blood our battle-fields^,
but if they did not, in the spirit and with all the
servility of a spaniel, approach the throne, crawl
to the foot of power, and there laud and justify all,
its deeds, whether good or bad, they were no bet-
j ter than traitors—the enemies of their country. - If
I sentiments like these were to prevail, free-born,
American citizens must surrender all their rights
to freedom of speech, ay, even to liberty of thought.
Let those whose inborn servility of soul qualified,
them for such employment, go and offer their hom-
age to the Executive. He trusted there were those
in that House who felt that they had higher duties,
and a nobler destiny. They stood here, not to
praise the President, but to maintain the Consti-
tution. Its continued preservation was of more
consequence than any other question that could
arise. He would take the liberty of assuming that
the ambitious schemes of a President of the United
States might be the source of more real danger to
our republic and its liberties,-than an army of one
hundred thousand invaders. These would bemet
at every pass, and driven back with ignominy
whence they came. But who would give us back
out lost libei ties, our violated Constitution ? When
a petty usurper had come into power without the
will ot' the people of these States, and almost with-
out the wish or knowledge even of his own party,
and without qualities in his own character to com-
mand the respect even of the meanest persons in
the country, men were not wanting to shout ac-
clamations to all lie did and all he said. History
told us of nations who had lost their freedom in
former ages; but who, in their struggle to main-
tain it, had immortalized their names by deeds of
noble daring, and by a patriotism the most self-
sacrificing. They lost their liberties only because
they were overwhelmed by power which they
could not resist. But we, citizens of the freest re-
public on earth, were called to submit, without a
struggle, to lawless power, and were almost denied
the ignoble privilege of a protest. But it could not
be. The American spirit yet lived m the breasts
of the American people. And the Democratic
party could not, they dared not, assume that the
President was necessarily right, let him do what
he would.
! The general rule was, that it was expedient and
' wise, when the nation was engaged in a war con-
i stitutionally made, that all debate about the expe-
i diency or propriety of the war should cease, and
| that all should unite to bring it to an honorable
i conclusion, and, when that was accomplished,
| then to hold the public functionaries engaged in
i originating and prosecuting it to a strict responsi-
| bihty. That was the general rule; and, therefore,
Mr. G. had heretofore felt reluctant to speak of
tins Mexican war, because he had hoped that we
should soon have peace. But now he knew not
when peace was to return. He did not know for
what ends the war was waged, nor had the people
any clue by which they could discover. Under
such circumstances, he held it to be the duty of a I
representative in that Hall to speak out freely his
sentiments, both respecting the course of the
Executive, and respecting the origin and conduct
of the war. He held it to be his duty to support
and maintain the riglus of the legislative branch
of the Government. The President v\as only an
executive officer; nor could he rightfully wield any
but executive power. As commandei-iu-cliief of
the army and navy, he was but the agent of the
people, to do that which the legislature, as then-
organ, declared to be their soveieign will. He
had, as President, no right to make war but for
objects previously sanctioned by the legislative
authority. Had this President engaged m that
sort of war?
In expressing his own opinions, honestly held,
Mr. G. could not avoid compromising some of
the statements of the President m the late mes-
sage. He joined issue with the President on the \
point of veracity. The President declared that |
this war had not been undertaken for conquest. '
Mr. G. believed otherwise. An executive mes-
sage was a solemn Siate paper, and it should be of
such a character as to command the belief of all.
As a member of a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment, he ought, certainly, to sive credit to
statements officially made by the chief executive
■ officer of the Government, and an apology was
, due for not believing him. Mr. G. must therefore
: refer to facts to show why he could not believe.
| What had happened in regard to the Oregon terri-
