1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
Mr. STANTON. Then the gentleman lias
scarcely a correct understanding of the English
language.
Mr. GENTRY. That may be true. I am un-
learned; but I submit to the learned here whether
that is not the import of the language used.
Mr. STANTON here explaine^. When he
said things were" tending to such a result, he did
not mean the unjust and unauthorized annexation
of California, but simply the annexation of a large
portion of the Mexican territory.
Mr. GENTRY supposed that the gentleman
only meant that we must indemnify ourselves for
the expenses of the war; and to do this we should
be obliged—most reluctantly obliged—to annex
some of her provinces, though the whole nation
was opposed to it. Yes; the President had not
made war for conquest—not at all. But he found
conquest in his path, and he could neither get over
it, nor get round it; so he e'en picked it up. Now,
Mr. G. insisted, that no such annexation could
take place without an act-of the Legislature, or a
violation of the Constitution. If it was the desire
of the people that these provinces should become a
part of the United States, let them say so. But
they had not, and they would not. The President
was an usurper, and they were traitors to their coun-
try who did not so regard him, when he attempted
thus, without authority of law or Constitution, to
annex vast territories to this Union, greater than
the entire area of the original States. He was a
lawless usurper; and if the members of that House
sanctioned him in proceedings like these, they
were unworthy of the seats they occupied; they
were no patriots, and guilty of the highest treason
against their country. It was their duty to resist
the encroachments of executive authority. Those
encroachments always had been made, and always
' would be, when not resisted by the patriots who
witnessed them.
But he had not time even to glance at all the
points which he could desire to notice. He be-
lieved the present Administration had been guilty
of manifold crimes against the Constitution, as
well as against the prosperity and liberty of their
country. Nor could any excuse be found for them,
save that urged by the divine Saviour in behalf of
his crucifiers: "Father, forgive them; they know
not what tliey do." Mr. G. doubted whether this
Administration had sense enough to comprehend
the vast, the stupendous dangers; on which they
were precipitating the country.
The President was going to conquer a vast re-
gion of country, larger than all the old thirteen
States, and add it to this Union. Did any man
know what he had intended to do with the two
millions of dollars he had asked the House to ap-
propriate for contingent expenses? A good demo-
crat had moved a celebiated resolution on that oc-
casion prohibiting the purchase of any territory
with the money, unless slavery was to be excluded
from it. Surely, the people must be mad if they
shut their eyes to the bearing of such a resolution.
They were bound to anticipate the dangers which
threatened them, and to call the people to the res-
cue. Their dearest interests were about to be put
in peril by fools and traitors. Would the North-
ern States consent that slavery should be establish-
ed in these new provinces ? Certainly not. Then
we were to have at the extreme South a cordon of
free Slates. What would the present South say
to that? *
Did not gentlemen see the difficulties which lay
in prospect before us > What was the President
going to do with these provinces when he got
them ? This question of slavery had been met by
our revolutionary fathers at the time of the forma-
tion of the Constitution, and even then it was one
of the utmost difficulty. It came up again on the
admission of Missouri, and then it shook the deep-
est foundations of this entire Union; nor was the
danger averted but by the efforts of that illustrious
patriot to whom the countiy owed so much of its
piosperity. Should it be brought up again in this
new form, and on so wide a scale, he feared it was
destined to produce the wreck of all our hopes.
These men in power were evidently going to build
up the South at the hazard of the Union itself.
There were bad men among us who desired its dis-
solution, and, unless Congress put a curb into the
mouth of this petty tyrant, (and, as his side of the
House could not do this alone, he invoked gentle-
men on the other who loved their country to aid in
the work,) we might anticipate consequences more
disastrous than anything that had happened to us
since the adoption of the Constitution.
Mr. G. was against annexing any portion of
Mexico by conquest; such a proceeding was at
war with all the principles of our Government.
The only source of the authority to do this was
to be sought m the expressed will of the people to
be annexed. How could we, in conformity with
the doctrines of our own Constitution and the
Declaration of Independence, force a particular
form of Government on any people, against their
will? Where was the President authorized to
empower Commodore Stockton and General Kear-
ny, his officers, to give constitutions to Califor-
nia and New Mexico, .and to appoint—[here he
read over ihe names of the oflicers appointed,
some of whom, he said, he was utterly unable to
pronounce]—subordinate officers in these govern-
ments?
" While the President assumed the Rio del Norte
as the boundary of Texas, from its mouth to its
source, he at the same time congratulated Congress
on the conquest of New Mexico and the capture
of Santa Fe, though a large portion of that piov-
ince, as well as its capital, lay east of that river,
and of course, according to him, within the Slate
of Texas. Here was the President establishing a
government, and appointing all its oflicers, within
a sovereign State of this Confederacy; or else he
was assuming the ltio Grande as the Texan boun-
dary, contrary to truth and fact. The message
left him in this dilemma. As to Texas having
once constituted part of Louisiana, what had that
to do with the present question touching his usurp-
ation in forcing on us a war without consulting
Congress? The Texas we admitted was revolu-
tionary Texas, and her boundary extended no
further than she had been able to establish and
enforce her jurisdiction by the sword. At that
point, her territory terminated.
Mr. KENNEDY did not suppose it very ma-
terial to that committee to know whether he had
intended to speak on this occasion or not. The
gentleman over the way, however, had informed
them that he had not intended to make a speech
now, but was induced to do so that he might bling
himself under the denunciation of the President of
the United States. And did the gentleman, then,
intend to " give aid and comfort to our enemies?"
It was against such persons only that the Presi-
dent's denunciation had been directed. When
Mr. K. heard the gentleman say this, he thought
that, if such was his object, he must be possessed
of nerve, both moral and physical, equal to all that
he professed. For a man to avow that the object
of his speech was to give aid and comfort to the
enemies of his country, proved that he had nerve
indeed.
Mr. GENTRY inquired whether the gentleman
was meaning to speak of him?
Mr. KENNEDY said, as he had declared his
object to be to bring himself under the denuncia-
tion of the President, and as the President had de-
nounced only those who'gave aid and comfort to
our enemies, he inferred that such must be the
gentleman's object.
Mr. GENTRY said his object had been to show
how much he despised and scorned him.
Mr. KENNEDY, resuming, said that, though
the gentleman might have displayed some ability
m giving aid and comfort to the enemy, he had
exhibited a great want of tact in doing it; and
though if Mexico might show great zeal and cour-
age 011 the field of battle, her friends showed but
little skill in their movements on this floor.
Mr. GENTRY said the gentleman, of course,
had a right to draw any conclusions from his
speech which he chose, but when he contended
that Mr. G. had had for his object to aid and com-
fort the enemies of his country, he mfened what
was without foundation. What he had spoken
for was, to show that the President hud violated
the Constitution, and to remind the Representa-
tives of the people that a usurping President was
more dangerous, if not resisted, than a hundred
Mexican armies.
Mr. KENNEDY asked if the gentleman in-
tended to add this to his speech ? If he did, it was
not fair. 1
Mr. K. should not stop to comment on the gen- ij
tleman's language or gesture when speaking about
the Democracy's fawning on the public power; he !:
thought it neither very classical nor very beauti- !j
ful. Did the gentleman feci himself to be capable ij
of such conduct? If not, why did he impute it to
others? Mr. K. showed that he held himself
above all such motives by refraining from charging-
them upon his opponents. He held that the Presi-
dent had a right to speak to the American people;
and, in doing so, it was both his right and his duty
to denounce those who were engaged in an unho-
ly effort to balk and to thwart the efforts of their
country when engaged in war. Gentlemen de-
nounced the President on this Soor in the manner
the House had witnessed. If he denotmeed their
conduct in turn, a fair issue was made up between
the parties, of which the world would judge for
themselves. If gentlemen had a right to charge
improper and unworthy motives upon the Admin-
istration, surely the Administration had the same
right on its part. Why should the power of speech
and of the-press belong only to those who libelled
their own Government? He had not understood
the rights and duties of American representatives
in that light.
It was sometimes said we were a great people,
and a great Congress; but what were we doing?
Here was the second week of the second session,
and after we, the first session of this same Con-
gress, passed a vote declaring the war, here we
were criticising and denouncing our own Presi-
dent for carrying out that declaration; and all this
111 the face or our enemy. The oldfaslnoned way
of proceeding was, when men thought a war was
wrong, to vote boldly and openly against it, and
to continue to denounce it all through, as was.donc
by some in our hist war. True, they had had
their epitaph written by the finger of ptiblic scorn;
yet they were at least entitled to the praise of hon-
esty and consistency. How did they stand in
comparison with men who first voted for a war,
and then denounced it as unholy? A man might
be honest, and still vole against a war in which his
country was engaged; but the man who first voted
for a war, and then denounced all who carried it
on, was a knave. What, were we become so
thoroughly degraded that we were afraid to take
the responsibility of our own acts? Were gentle-
men willing first to sneak into a war, and then to
sneak out of it?
But the gentleman had said that Congress had
been constrained to vote a lie, or to sacrifice Tay-
lor and his brave little army. Did not the gentle-
man, when he gave that vote, know perfectly that
before that time General Taylor had either extr:-"
cated himself, or was beyond the reach of what
that vote would do for him? Certainly he did;
and, therefore, Mr. K. sat down all he said on
that subject as what western people called clishma-
claver.
Did gentlemen, when they voted to give the
President ten millions of dollars and fifty thousand
men, expect that was to liberate Taylor from his
danger? No, not at all. No; it was the old
leaven that was at work. Gentlemen were against
their nation's war, but they had before their eyes
the dread of the denunciations of a virtuous people,
and therefore they dared not vote against it; but
now they wanted to crawl out from under the.
weight of their own vote declaring the war and
providing for it, and lay all the blame upon the
President.
This might be all very fair and very honorable;
but how would gentlemen look, supposing they
conld succeed in convincing- mankind that our
country was engaged in an unjust war? Did they
want to disgrace their country ? Did they want
what they said believed abroad? No; he did not
think they were as unpatriotic as they affected to
be. They did not, 111 their heaits, believe this
war to be wrong. They knew the war had been
forced upon us. They well knew that if England
bad pursued such a couise toward us, or anything
like it, we should have declared war long, long ago.
But Mexico was our neighbor, and her govern-
ment approximated at least to a republic, and sho
had much of our sympathies as having once re-
sisted the tyranny of the mother country, liut
Mexico had taken advantage of this feeling on our
part, and had made an onslaught upon our people.
They had driven us to the wail; they had driven
us to the necessity of vindicating our 'national dig-
nity. But Mr. K. would tell them what was the
true secret of all their complaints: though they
believedtheirGovernment was bound to make wai,
they hated the head of the Government so pro-
foundly, because he was a Democrat, that, thougji
they well knew the war to be right, for the poor
