48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 10.
pitiful end of pulling h-im down and getting the
reins of power into their own hands, they thus
violently denounced the war.
Was it creditable to them thus to give aid and
comfort to our enemies ? Was not such a course
rather unpatriotic? Here was our Government
engaged in a righteous war, and they, knowing
this to be so, set themselves to work to frustrate
and embarrass its progress, and to denounce the
President for carrying it on. The truth, the whole
truth was, that the Administration had cairied on
the war with more success than gentlemen thought
they could or would have done. Now if, instead
of this, our army had been badly whipped two or
three times, and we had lost a part of our territory,
(especially in Texas,) would not gentlemen have
come here in a much better humor than they were
in now? Mr. K. had no such thing as personal
dislike to gentlemen who thus acted; he knew, on
the contrary, that very many of them were clever
fellows; but they certainly were in a great error.
What had they done? Had they not ordered the
President to carry on this war? And what, then,
did they complain of? That he had conquered
California and New Mexico? No; but only that
lie held on to them. They were for his not hold-
ing to the position we had gained.
As to executive usurpation, the most pertina-
cious, captious quibbler could find nothing to
quibble about. Where was all this to end? Did
gentlemen mean to cripple the Administration m
carrying on this war? Was that their object? If
it was, let them say so. Did they want us to lose
«ome of our temtoiy? How could a gentleman,
coming himself from a slave State, attempt, as the
gentleman from Tennessee had done, to throw fire-
brands among his own household, and to set up
the slave JStates against the free? The gentleman
had intimated that if we did get any of the Mexi-
can territory, the moment we got it we should fall
to and quarrel about it like dogs over a bone. He
could tell the gentleman that he greatly feared "his
wish was father to his thought." He thought that
the Democracy could not be whipped unless such
a firehiand was thrown among them. But the
gentleman showed that he did not understand the
nature of those ties by which the Democratic party
was held together. He judged of them by the
Wings; and thought what would separate the
Whigs would separate them; but no, they did not
regard such petty matters. They held by great
national questions; they were united on the inhe-
rent lights of men—their ri^ht to self-government,
and their right to prevent the few from preying on
the many. These, .and such principles as these,
weie what held them so firmly together.
But the gentleman appiehenderl that there were
sonic who were trying to break our Union: he
wondered what could have put that into the gen-
tleman's head. He just wanted to see any man j
try if. He could tell thnf gentleman that if all the
politicians in both our great parties were to lay 1
a^ide all party strifes, and unite hand to hand to 1
fftfcrt a dissolution of this Union, they could not do !
it. No: the great masses of the people knew full ;
well its inestimable value; and they would hiss i
out of sight the man who should propose to them
such an act; and he would soon become what all j
would sooner or later become who occupied them- i
selves in vilifying their own Government when j
emrnged in a just war. j
Mr. IC. had not risen here to vindicate the Presi- j
dent: he cared no more for the President than he '
did for any other man that treated him genteelly, j
But he was the executive magistrate, and Mr.
K. hoped he should be spared the self-mortifica-
tion of ever denouncing him as a liar. Mr. K.
asseited that if the President had failed to advance
his army to the Rio Grande, when, and as he had
done, and to maintain his position there, he would
have been justly impeachable; and, what was
worse, he believed tJi.it in that case the Opposition
would have tried their hand at impeach,ng him.
We had adopted Texas into this Union: it was
a legislative art, and Mr. K. hnd no right to go
behind it. Her western boundary, it was true,
had not been clearly defined: wcdid not exactly
know where it ou°ht to be; but till we did, we
had no right to depart from the bounds she had
fixed as hers. We admitted her with those bounds.
It was a legislative act, and the President was not
to blame for it. It was iiis oiTicial duty to see the
laws faithfully executed in regard to this as to all
other tilings. And what had he done? He sent
a minister to settle that boundary—not by war,
but by negotiation*, but Mexico refused to nego-
tiate, and said she intended to settle that question
by the sword: she would reconquer Texas.
Some gentlemen said the President should then
have stood fast at the Nueces. But Mr. K. asked,
what gave him any right to stop there? Had
Texas agreed that her territory stopped there ?
Did Mexico recognise the Nueces,as the bound-
ary? If not, what gave the President the right
to do so ? It was true that a certain distinguished
Senator had said that it was his opinion that that
was the true line. But was the President to take
his word rather than an act of the Legislature ?
Pie was bound to take the claim of Texas as prima
facie evidence that she was entitled to the bound-
ary she claimed.
All this noise about an Executive war was
nothing but a poor mean effort in gentlemen to
escape the responsibility of their own act. So the
world would view it.
And now, (said Mr. K.,) you peace-loving, war-
hating, religious men, you have a very great re-
gard for Mexican blood. I understand the anti-
war principles: I was raised among the Quakers
myself; they held to non-resistance; but I never
could quite go that: I always felt as if, after turning
theothercheek, (and thatwastheextentof thecom-
mand,) I should like to give the fellow that struck
me a good hard blow.
I admit that war is an evil; but I ask, who is
responsible for all the blood which has been and
shall be shed in Mexico? Who is responsible
before all just men ? (I will say nothing about the
bar of my Maker.) I will toll you: I hold you
responsible for it. If it had not been for your
obstinate resistance to the annexation of Texas,
and your flaming speeches on that subject; if
Mexico had not expected support and aid to her
cause from you, she never would have presumed
to make war upon us. But they believed you
would keep your word. You said that annexa-
tion was wrong, and would certainly bring war
with it; and they trusted to you to keep them out
of war. They must be infatuated to expect to
cope with us. No; they thought that they would
catch Taylor in a trap and cut huri off before we
could come to his aid, and that then there would
be such a clamor by you against the Executive
that we should give them good terms of peace.
But you have thus east a shade on your own
patriotism, and you are responsible for the war.
Were not your inflammatory speeches published
in Mexico ? Did not their leaders dwell on these
speeches of yours as evidence to show that you
would paralyze the arm of the American Govern-
ment?
But this was not all. Your clamors against the
Executive, and your intimations that you would
not suffer the President to carry the war into
Mexico, emboldened them to attack us. If you
had threatened a vigorous prosecution of the war,
they would never have dared to give us battle,
after having been so whipped at Palo Alto. Good
as your intentions may be, 1 say you are responsi-
ble for the blood shed in Mexico. J hold you
responsible for it all, and so will the American
people.
If your power was equal to your will, you
would make iu* now call back our army from Cali-
fornia and New Mexico; and if you peisist lon<*
enough m your opposition, and they do not be-
come fully satisfied that you will not get the reins
of power, they will go on in the hope that, as soon \
as you come into power, you will not only with- i
draw your troops, but give them indemnity for all '
the injury you have done them. ;
Such (Mr. IC. said) were his views; he was not •
learned; he meant nothing hut what he said, and
he meant all he said. To him it seemed passing
strange that, in all their clamor against the Presi-
dent and the war, gentlemen seemed clean to for-
get all the outrages perpetrated by Mexico on the
peisons and pioperty of our citizens.
Surely, it would better become gentlemen, when
looking for the causes of the war, not quite to pass
over all that Mexico had done to us. But he fear-
ed they were exposing themselvesbefore the world.
They occupied seats which ought to be filled by
statesmen and lovers of their country's honor.
But, after the course adopted here, he should
think that some gentlemen would feel ashamed to
walk into the Rotundo and look in the face even
the picture of the Father of his country. Were
they not acting the part of mere partisans, who
were not able to draw a distinction between party
warfare in time of profound peace, and a party war
against their own Chief Magistrate when conduct*,
ing the nation's war? Such tnen, either from a
natural want of brains, or from the sort of heart
they had in their bosoms, were incapable of beino*
true Americans. He cared not where this censure"
might fall; if it bore on himself, he was willing to
take his full share of the blame.
All the attempts of the gentleman over the way
to throw firebrands among the friends of the Presi-
dent were perfectly seen through, and his brands
were quenched as soon as thrown. Even if Mr.
K. had any private and personal quarrel with the
President, he wanted to help his country out of
the war, and with honor, before he made any on-
slaught upon the President on his own account.
Finally: If gentlemen were determined to cany
on this course of discussion* he asked them if they
could do so without giving both aid and comfort
to our enemies? The effect might be to induce
them to carry on the war, and, if they did, it
would finally annihilate them; for the Government
could not, and would not, retreat from its position
until we either obtained an honorable peace, or
had crushed and annihilated our enemy. They
must give us peace, or be extinguished. As to
the attack upon the President, he said to gentlemen,
! keep it up—lay on; the President was abundantly
:| capable of defending himself; and some of these
|| gentlemen were already very sore precisely be-
ll cause he had done so. He was a slender man,
personally; Mr. K. did not say he was a Hcr-
cules; but, just as he stood, Mr. K. would pit him
against the whole of them, and felt sure he would
come out of the arena unscathed. Yes; let gentle-
men go on; but let them also count the co&t.
They would either induce their constituents to
despise and condemn their own country, or they
would degrade themselves. The first, they could
not do. If they could, so many of their party
would not have displayed such noble courage and
patriotism on the fields of battle. No; they could
not do it; and the result would only follow to the
deep grave of infamy the men who had signalized
themselves by a similar course in our last war.
Mr. HUDSON said, I am fully aware, Mr.
Chairman, of the charges which I shall draw down
upon myself in expressing the views which I en-
tertain upon the subject now before us. The Presi-
dent of the United States himself has set us the
example of denouncingas traitors all those who
dare to speak their minds upon this floor and in
this country; and his flatterers here have followed
his example. But, sir, none of these things move
me. I look with equal indifference upon the de-
nunciations of the President and of his flatterers
on this floor. I will speak my sentiments here or
elsewhere, and I will speak them fully. If I be-
lieve the Executive is wrong in any of his meas-
j ures, I will make the declaration. If I belie\e he
; has usurped power, and trampled upon the Con-
| stitution of the United States, none of the denun-
j ciations or sarcasms of gentlemen on this floor will
i deter me from giving a full expression of these my
views and feelings. Nothing, I say, that the Presi-
dent can say or do, will deter mc m any degree
from a full and fair expression of my own opin-
ions. Has it come to this, Mr. Chairman, that a
President can arrogate to himself the war-making
power, can trample the Constitution under foot,
and wantonly involve the nation in war, and the
people must submit to this atrocity and justify
him in his course, or be branded as traitois to
their country? Why, sir, if this doctrine prevails,
the more corrupt the Administration is, if it has
the power or the daring to involve this nation m a
war, without cause, the greater is its impunity;
for the momentit has succeeded in committing that
outrage, every mouth must be closed and every
one must bow in submission. A doctrine more
corrupt was never advanced; a sentiment more das-
tardly was never advocated in a deliberate e as-
sembly. Gentlemen who profess to be peculiar
friends of popular rights may advance doctrines of
this character; and 'they may be m perfect accord-
ance ^ with their views and feelings, and in con-
formity with their democracy, but I have too
much of the spirit which characterized our fathers
to submit to dictation from any source whatso-
ever, whether it be a foreign monarch or an Ame-
rican President.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that the first principal
