1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
ture of South Carolina, to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of the Hon. George
McDukme,
The VICE PRESIDENT administered the
oath of office to Mr. Butler, who thereupon took
his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Postmaster General,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate in relation
to the claim of Seth M. Leavenworth, for the vio-
lation of a contract made with him for carrying
the mail.
PETITIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of Margaret Carmick, widow of the late
Major Carmick, of the marine corps, asking for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was ordered that the petition and papers of
Maria S. Nourse be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Benjamin Blagge, heir of Crowell Hatch and Sam-
uel Blagge, deceased, praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which wag referred^to
the select committee on that subject.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of the trus-
tees of Trinity College, Hartford, Connecticut,
asking the remission of duties on certain philo-
sophical instruments imported for the use of that
institution; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Also, the petition of James Riley, praying com-
pensation for the services of his late father as an
officer in the war of the Revolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of the
heirs at law of "William Frost, deceased, an officer
in the revolutionary war, praying to be allowed
commutation pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BREESE presented the memorial of John
M. Moore, late chief clerk in the General Land
Office, praying compensation for extra duties per-
formed by him in that office; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of George
Wilkes, praying that a national railroad may be
constructed from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, together with eight other memorials of a
similar character, all numerously signed; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, from Monmouth B. Hart and others, se-
curities of Benjamin F. Hart, purser in the navy,
who was drowned at sea, asking that a balance
charged against him may be cancelled, and that
the pension now allowed to his widow may be
continued; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of the
representative of John Dumestc, deceased; and
also the memorial of the widow of Henry Da-
sheill, deceased, both praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which were severally
referred to the select committee on that subject.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial, signed by
citizens of Gloucester county, New Jersey, pray-
ing Congress to adopt measures for bringing the
war with Mexico to a speedy close: which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of Roswell L. Colt and others,
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the select committee
on that subject.
Mr. CILLEY presented the petition of Lucy
Seaward, executrix of John H. Seaward, deceased,
praying indemnity for Fiench spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the selcct committee
on the subject.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the petition of the
legal representatives of Joseph Wilson, deceased,
a soldier in the revolutionary war, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, the memorial of the Savannah Chamber of
Commerce, praying the removal of obstructions to
the navigation of the Savannah river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, the memorial of the Savannah Chamber of
Commerce and citizens of Savannah, Georgia,
praying an additional appropriation for the con-
struction of a custom-house at that place; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr.* ARCHER presented the petition of Wil-
liam Saunders and William R. Porter, praying to
be released from a judgment obtained by the
United States against them as sureties of a pay-
master in the army, which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Alexander
Macauley, deceased, praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
the select committee on that subject.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted documents in relation
to the claim of the heirs of James Stagg, deceased,
an officer in the revolutionary army, to a pension;
which were _referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FAIRFTELD presented the memorial of
Elizabeth H. Thatcher, only surviving child of
John Wardrobe, deceased, praying indemnity for
; French spoliations prior to 1800; which was refer-
red to the select committee on that subject.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented the petition of
the legal representatives of Joseph and George R.
Massey, deceased, praying; indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to the
select committee on that subject.
Several petitions and papers relating thereto,
were, on leave being asked and obtained, with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the appropriate committees.
NOTICES OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, gave notice of a
bill to authorize a change in the location of school
lands.
Mr. BAGBY gave notice of a bill to provide for
the payment of interest to the State of Alabama,
on advances made for the use of the Government.
Mr. BERRIEN gave notice of a bill to refund
the duty on certain railroad iron, imported by the
State of Georgia.
Mr. SEMPLF, gave notice of a joint resolution
to amend the Constitution of the United States.
RETURN OF SANTA ANA TO MEXICO.
Mr. BARROW submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate, if any officer or
agent was sent by him or by his direction to Ha-
vana, to advise, procure, or in any manner pro-
mote the return of Santa Ana to Mexico; and if
so, who was the officer or agent, what were his in-
structions, and when was he sent on such a mis-
sion; also that he inform the Senate by what means,
and through what channel, Santa Ana was inform-
ed that an order was issued to the commander of
our naval forces in the Gulf directing said com-
mander not to obstruct his (Santa Ana's) return to
Mexico; and also that he transmit to the Senate
copies of any correspondence in possession of the
] Government relative to the terms or conditions on
! which Santa Ana was permitted to pass through
j our blockading squadron, or in any manner re-
| lating to the subject of Santa Ana's return to
! Mexico.
| Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the justice and
propriety of granting to the ancient French inhabi-
tants of Peoria, m the State of Illinois, a quantity
of land equivalent in value to the lots in the pres-
ent city of Peoiia to which they can show title by
virtue of their former occupation of the same.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was laid on the table:
Resohed, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate all such
information (the publication of which will not be
prejudicial to the public service) as will show the
situation of the claims of citizens of the United
States against the late republic ofColombia; wheth-
er there is any prospect of a settlement of the same;
and whether it is not necessary for Congress to
adopt some measures for the speedy assertion of
the just rights of the claimants.
Mr. ATOHISON moved that the Committee on
Claims have leave to employ a clerk.
He stated that he was requested to make this
motion by the chairman of the Committee on
Claims, who was now absent from indisposition.
Mr. BREESE. Is a clerk necessary?
Mr. ATCHISON replied that he had received
a note from the chairman of the committee, in
which he was requested to make this motion. He
had moved the order in compliance with that re-
quest. He would add, however, in reply to the
Senator from Illinois, that, in his opinion, the ser-
vices of a clerk were necessary.
The motion was then agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON (on leave) introduced a bill
to amend the act for the regulation of seamen on
board the public and private vessels of the United
States, passed the 3d March, 1813; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. SEMPLE (on leave) introduced a bill to
remodel the consular establishment of the United
States; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE (on leave) introduced a bill to
create the office of surveyor general of the public
lands in the Territory of Orearon, and to grant
donation rights to settlers therein, and for other
purposes; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BARROW (on leave) introduced a bill to
provide for the survey of the mouth of Red river,
m the State of Louisiana; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ATCHISON (on leave) introduced a bill
for the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. *
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, (on leave,) intro-
duced a bill to amend the act approved June, 1844,
to provide for the adjustment of land claims within
the States of Missouri, Arkansas, and Louisiana,
and in those parts of the State of Mississippi a d
Alabama south of the 31st degree of north latitude,
and between the Mississippi and Perdido rivers;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Breese, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish the Senate with a statement of all appro-
priations made for the construction and repair of
roads, fortifications, and harbors, and for the im-
provement of rivers in each and all of the States
and Territories of the United States, showing the
amount and period of each appropriation and ex-
penditure.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Yulee, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause
to be engraved the topographical map of the pen-
insula of Florida, prepaied under direction of the
War Department, and furnished to the Senate in
compliance with a resolution.
Mr. YULEE desired to state in a very few words
that this map had been prepared by the topograph-
ical bureau, by the direction of the War Depart-
ment, at a considerable expense to the United ,
States; that extensive surveys had been made by
officers of the Government, for the expenses of
which appropriations had been made by Congress;
that this highly valuable map was the result of their
labors, and that their services would be lost to the
ii public, if this map was not published. Its pub-
j lication would cost but very little, and he trust-
jl ed that no objection to this procedure would be
;| made.
jj Mr. NILES moved to refer the resolution to the
! Committee on Printing, which was agreed to.
! Mr. ATCHISON asked to be excused from serv-
!i ing on the Committee on Claims; which was
granted.
i | Mr. J. M. CLAYTON asked to be excused from
serving on the Committee on Claims; which was
granted.
'! A message wras received from the House of Rep-
:; resentatives. informing the Senate that the House
ii had chosen the Rev. William J. Sprole, of the
; Presbyterian denomination, Chaplain on their
r part.
Ii Also that the House had passed a number of
j<! private bills and joint resolutions, which were sev-
!j crally taken up, and referred to their appropriate
jj committees.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
