56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 21,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December %1, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. Hubaiid of Virginia, and Mr. Pakrish of
Ohio, (Democrats,) appeared in their seats to-day.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the bill to admit the State of Iowa into
the Union, (which had heretofore been made the
special order for this day.)
Mr. GILES asked leave to introduce a resolu-
tion.
Objection was made.
A motion, by Mr. RATHBUN, that the special
order be postponed until to-morrow, was disagreed
to.
Mr. TIBBATTS, on leave, offered the follow-
ing, to be proposed by him, when in order, as a
substitute for the bill (No. 556) to increase the pay
of the non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates, of the army of the United States, and the
militia and volunteers in the service of the same,
and allowing them bounty land in certain cases:
"Sec. 1." Be it enacted, $c., That each volunteer, non-
commissioned otneer, musician, and private, who has vol-
unteeied or may volunteer for a period less than duung the
war, and who shall have gone or may go info the service,
and have received an honorable discharge, shall be entitled
to three months5 additional pay, and 'to a warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of hind belonging to the United
States.
" Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, 'i'iiivt tiiere shall be
allowed and paid to each non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian, and private, who shall, after the passage of this act,
enlist or volunteer in the service of the United States, for a
period of five years, or during the war with Mexico, aboun-
ty of fifteen dollars: but the payment of ten dollais of said
bounty shall he deferred until the soldier enlisting shall join
the regiment or corps in which he is to servo, and until the
soldier vohmteering&hall be mustered into the seivice of the
United State.-:. j
" Sfo. 3. And be it farther enacted, That each non-com- 1
m *sioned officer, musician, or pnvate, m the army of the
United States, who Ii.it. enlisted or volunteered, or who shall
enh>t in the army or volunteer in the servicp of the United
States for a period of live years, or during the war with
Mexico, shall be each entitled, on his leceivmg an honoia-
blc dischmgc from the army, to a warrant for three hundred
and twenty acres of land ; to be located on any land belong-
ing to the United States, and which was subject to entry at
tiie date of said warrant.
"Sec. 4 Jhul be it farther enacted, That the widow, if
thcie be one, if there \>e no widow, then the child or chil-
dren, if there be any, and if there be no child, then the
father or mother, of any non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian, or private, of the army of the United States, or militia
or volunteers of the same, who has been or may be killed in
battle, or has died or mav die in seiviee duung the war with
Mexico, shall be entitled to a wariant for the bame quantity
of land to which such non-eommi«sioned officer, musician,
or private, would have been entitled had he have icceived
an honoiaiile discharge, <uid ^hall be enlitled to locate the
same upon any hind in the United States subject to entiy.,J
Mr. HILLIARD gave notice that he would, at
an early day, introduce a bill to change the placc
of holding the United Stales court for the middle
district of the State of Alabama, and fixing the j
same at Montgomery. * J
Mr. GENTRY asked leave to make a personal j
explanation. ;
Some conversation followed, the result of which '
was, that on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the con- !
sideration of the special order was postponed for
one hour, for the purpose of attending Mr. G. the
opportunity he desired. |
Mr. GENTRY then took the floor. Pic said, |
the explanation he desired to make was elicited 1
by an article in the Union newspaper of Novem- 1
ber 17th, which, as he conceived, did him great j
injustice.
Mr. G. thereupon read the article, (which had |
refeiencc to what Mr. G. had said in his speech jl
on the President's message respecting certain lan- ji
guage attributed to Mr. Buchanan respecting the j
Oregon treaty, and which Mr. B. denied having
used in the unqualified sense stated by Mr. G.) 'I
Tins articlc convcycd the idea that Mr. G. had ij
done injustice to the Secretary of State. As Mr.
G. felt "himself to be incapable of wilfully doing jl
injustice to any man, he desired to set himself right!]
in reference to this accusation. He said he had !>
been correctly reported m this part of his speech ];
in the Union, and somewhat incorrectly in the jj
intelligencer: yet the editor, passing over the re- k
port made m his own paper, chose to refer to that /
contained in the Intelligencer, purposely, as it ,
would seem, that it might misrepresent what he ;!
had said.
Mr. G. here read from the report in the Union, 1
^which represented him a3 quoting general rumor !
only as to the expressions used by Mr. Buchanan, ;
which, from the other report, it might be supposed 1
that he had spoken as if from his own knowledge.
Mr. G. was unwilling to place a distinguished gen-
tleman like the Secretary of State in an unpleasant
position, and therefore he had not sought or asked
for any testimony to show what language he might
have employed : but were it necessary, Mr. G.
could procure certificates from the most respectable
sources that the Secretary did use the expressions
imputed to him by general rumor, and referred to
by Mr. G. in his own remarks. But no such
proof was necessary; the article in the Union it-
self virtually admitted it.
Mr. G. in his specch had referred to language
employed by a Senator, in reply to what had been
said by Mr. Haywood, of the President's being
willing to settle our controversy with Britain on
the Oregon question by taking 49° north as a com-
promise line, viz: that he could not believe the
President had ever intimated any such willingness,
and that, if he ever did sign a treaty accepting of
that line, " he would damn himself to such a
depth of infamy that the hand of resurrection
could never reach him." In confirmation of the
position taken in his speech, he might further refer
to the vehement language used by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass,] and the reference
made by him to his political pilgrimage to the
Hermitage, and the speeches made by him to Gen-
eral Jackson, and his political friends in Tennes-
see, and their assent to the positions he theietook,
as well as to that gentleman's fiery denunciations
fulminated against the President at the very hint
that he ever could consent to a treaty based on
49°. The existence of the rumor mentioned by
Mr G. was a thing perfectly well known; it could
not but be known to every gentleman on that floor;
it was the common talk everywhere—in hotels, in
boarding-houses, in the lobbies, and the street.
Who, then, could doubt that Mr. Polk did give to
those of his partisans who went strongly for 54°
40', to believe that the Administration had fixed
itself immovably on that parallel as the only bound-
ary to which it ever would consent ? But, ac-
cording to the article in the Union, the Secretary
of State now qualified what he had said about
sooner having his right arm cut off than putting
his hand to any treaty which recognised 49° as
our boundary, by the allegation that he had added
u unless a majority of two-thirds of the Senate
should agree to it.This put Mr. G. very much
"in mind of the reply of a girl to her lover who was
pressing for a kiss, " you never shall get it unless
you are stronger than /, and I know yon is."
Mr. G. said he would now lead the evidence
which he had before referred to, as warranting
him in being a little skeptical as to the truth of a
statement which had nothing to support it but the
assertion of the President of the United States.
In his speech, Mr. G. had ventured to question
the sincerity of that declaration of the message,
that the war against Mexico had not been under-
taken for the sake of conquest; and as a justifica-
tion of himself, he had contrasted the assurances
and declarations of the President to "his confidential
political friends with what was said by Mr. McLane, j
our envoy to the Court of St. James, on his return j
home from his foreign mission. ]
What did Mr. McLane say? j
" T cerUmlv could not have been induced to return to po-
litical life, a^ the rcpiesentativc of my country abroad, unless
I had been peiMiaded that, in thecusis to which you have re-
feried, the views of my own Government had been cntiielv
conM«-tent with such a settlement of the Oregon question as
oiurht to have secured an honorable peace, nnd unless I had
entertained the hope that I might be enabled in some degree ;
to cooperate to that end."
And again:
"Having some knowledge, from my official position at '
that time, of the policv and objects of the Convention of i
1828.1 am quite persuaded that in main design was to lead,
m a future partition of the terntory, to the recognition of
our claim to the country, not north", but south of the 49th ;
paiallel, and between that and the Columbia river. A divi- '
sion of the countiy upon that principle, with a reasonable !
regaidto rights grown up under the joint possession, always !
appeared to me to affoid <i ]u t and piaetical basis for an
amiceblo and honorable adjustment of the subject. Such, j
also, I was satisfied, weie the views of our Government at !
the time J engaged m my recent mission; and earnestly and i
steadily laboring to effect a settlement on that basis, I was
but representing the policy of my own Government, and '
faithfully promoting the intentions ami wishes of the Presi- '
dent." 1
Mr. G. would now submit it to the candor of:
every gentleman present whether he had not proved •
the position he had taken in regard to the insin-
cerity of some of the President's declarations. If
the Administration were content with such a posi-
I tion as this placed them in, Mr. G. had nothing
I more to say. He had quoted these authentic his-
| torical documents to show that he had been fully
justified in all he had said on the point of Execu-
tive sincerity and truth.
Mr. BRODHEAD fnoved to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House on what articles
embraced in the tanff act of 1846 the duties can be
augmented beyond the existing rates, so as to in-
crease the revenue; and to what extent said duties
can be increased, and what additional revenue
would accrue therefrom.
•The yeas and nays were taken, and are as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Barrineer, James Black, Blanch
ard, Brinkerhoff, Brodhcad, William G. Brown, William
W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman,
Cocke, Crozier, Culver, Cummins, Cunningham, Delano,
Dixon, Edsall, Erdman, John H. Ewing, Foster, Garvfn,
Gentry, Giddings, Giaham, Grider, Gnnnell, Hampton,
Harper, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Washington
i Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingeisoll. Jenkins, Thomas
[ Butler King,Leib, Levin, MeClean, M< Gaughcy, McIIvaine,
I Marsh, Moseley, Pendleton, Pernll, Perry, Pollock, Rani-
i sey, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Sea-
f man, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm,
| Tlubodeaux, Thomasson, James Thompson, Tibbatts>
Trumbo, Vinton, Wheaton, Winthrop, Woodruff, Young,
| and Yost—69. .
j NAY S—Messrs. Ashmun. Atkinson, Bedlnger, Bell, Ben-
i ton, Biggs, James A. Black, Bowdon, Boyd, Buffington,
Buit, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
i Cinpman, Claike, Cobb. Col'amer, Collin, Cottreli, Cran-
! ston, Cullom, Dargan, Davis, De Mott, Dunlap,|Farari,
j Fickhn, Foot, Fiies, Goodyear, Goidon, Grover, Hale, Ham-
lin, Haralson, Henley, Ifoge, Elias B. Holmes, Hopkins,
Geoigc S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungerford, Hun-
ter, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andiew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston King,
Lawrence, Leake, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland,
McClernand, McDaniel, Joseph J. McDowell, James Mc-
Dowell, McHenry, McKay, Barkley Maitin,Moiae,Moulton,
Norris, Owen, Panish, Pettit, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts,
Runk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Schcnck, Seddon,
Severance, Alexander D. Sims, Albeit Smith, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John,
Strong, Jacob Thompson, Tilden, Tredway, Wentworth,
White, Williams, and Woodworth—96.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. SAWYER (previous notice having been
given) introduced a bill to reduce and graduate the
price of the public lands to actual settlers, and for
other purposes; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEAMAN ("previous notice having been
given) introduced a hill for the ascertainment and
satisfaction of spoliations by the French prior to
the 31st day of July, 1801; which bill was twice
read, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. a
Mr. SEAMAN gave notice that he would, at an
early day, ask leave to introduce a bill to make the
city of Brooklyn a port of entry.
Mr. RATHBUN, by leave, offered the folio wing
resolutions: „
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
required to report to this House whether any sum
or sums of money have been paid, or authorized
by him or by any officer in the Treasury Depart-
| rnent to be paid, to any person or persons for the
services of such person or persons, or for the ex-
; penses of such person or persons, in aiding or
assisting in draughting or perfecting the tariff0bill
| furnished by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
j Committee of Ways and Means at the last session
; of Congress; the names of the person or persons
i so paid; the amount paid to each; the services or
expenses for which such payment was made; out
< of what fund, and in what manner payment was
made; whether such person or persons were at the
• same time officers under the General Government
! connected with the collection of the revenue, the
salary or pay of each per annum, and the authority
, under which such payment was made for the ser-
, vices first above mentioned.
I Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
required to inform this House whether the weigh-
ers, gaugers, and measurers heretofore employed
at the various custom-houses in the United State's
have been retained in office since the tariff act of
1846 went into operation; and, if so, for what pur-
pose and under what authority they are so re-
tained.
The resolutions were read and adopted.
Mr. MORRIS gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, or oil some subsequent day, introduce a
