58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
was unnecessary, Iowa having been admitted
already under the prospective provisions of the
law passed last session.
The law of 1845 was in the very language of
this bill; but the boundaries then proposed having
been rejected by the people of Iowa, new bounda-
ries were assigned by the act of 1846; and as soon
as those were accepted the law became of force,
and Iowa came into the Union ipso facto. He sup-
posed this to be the conviction of those people
themselves-, for he understood that they had elect-
ed their representatives to this House, who were,
he believed, now on their way. If she did not be-
come a State at her adoption of the constitution,
how was she to become one? Could a mere Ter-
ritory elect representatives to Congress? Certain-
ly, as soon as she accepted the altered boundaries
in the new constitution she supposed herself to be
in the Union, and acted accordingly^by the choice
of representatives. He could not, therefore, see
the least necessity for passing the present law.
Iowa was a State at this moment; the House had
admitted her twice, and her representatives were
now entitled to their seats.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he thought he could ex-
plain this matter so as to satisfy the gentleman
from New York. He then stated that all that had
been done under the first law had been rendered
null and of no effect by the people's refusal of their
first constitution. The boundaries were then alter-
ed by a second law; these the people had agreed
to; and, under this last law they came, presented
their constitution, and asked to be admitted into
the Union. This was the first time they had
asked it; and, if admitted, they would be admitted
by the present law. And this brought him to no-
tice the objection of the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. SJMSsaid he again protested against its
hemg understood that he was opposed to the bill.
He had raised no objection to it: he should, on the
contrary, vote for the admission of the State under
the constitution as it stood: all he desired was,
that the true state of the'fact should be clearly
understood.
Mr. D^OUGLASS, resuming, said the gentleman
seemed to have got hold of the old constitution of
IS45. It was possible the same article might be
in the present constitution, but if it was he was not
aware of it: if it was wrong, he was willing it
should be altered. As to the second section ofsthe
bill, it was n<;c< hsary, in order to establish Federal
courts within the new State. The provision of
the former law to that effect having become inoper-
ative, the same had been inserted in the present
bill.
Mr. THURMAN thought his friend from New
York [Mr. Rathbun] had overlooked one section
in the act of 1845, which plainly showed that Iowa
was not admitted. Mr. T. read the section.
Mr. RATHBUN said that that section had been
abrogated by the act of 1846, and under this last
a( f (own was now admitted.
Mr. THURMAN thought not yet. She was to
be admitted when she presented a constitution con-
taining a Republican form of government. She
now came, and presented here such a constitution—
an act she had never done before. This was a
new Iowa, with different boundaries from the State
formerly provided for. As to the election of rep-
resentatives, the passage of this act would retroact
as tar back as the adoption of a new constitution,
and would thereby render valid the election which
had since been held. The same had happened in
the cases of other new Stales. Michigan had
gone so far as to elect Senators before her actual
admission.
As to the objection from the change of the trust,
it was true that the constitution did make such a
change for internal improvements to education; but
as there was no mode of enforcing the execution
of trusts on sovereign States, this worked no lee;al
change. No taw could apply to the case. The
trust created no legal obligation: the utmost it could
do was to lay the State under a moral obligation,
with which, however sacied, the law, as such, had
nothing to do; and, therefore, it was indifferent
entirely whether this change was in the constitu-
tion or not.
Mr. PETTIT put a case to show that this gene- j
ral statement must be restricted. Suppose, after '
this change had been made, one of the citizens of
Iowa should purchase a tract of these lands granted
by the United States on a different condition, could
he get a valid title? Could the State enforce a
contract thus made? And,, if she attempted it,
could not the General Government reenter on the
land ?
Mr. THURMAN. Suppose all the land should
have been sold and. the proceeds put into the treas-
ury'of the State, and then the State should change
the trust, must these innocent purchasers be de-
prived of their titles?
Mr. PETTIT. No; because they were no par-
takers in the act; but when they purchased the
land before it was sold to others, and after the
change of the trust, they would make themselves
parties to the fraud, and their titles would be
null.
After some further remarks of Mr. THURMAN,
on the legal inoperativeness of the conditions of
State trusts—
Mr. DODGE said it was only necessary to state j
what had been the understanding of the people of
Iowa in this matter. They supposed that when
the former constitution was rejected, the act pro-
posing the rejected boundaries fell of course, for it
was on condition of their acceptance, and this they
refused. A second convention, therefore, was held
in January, 1846, under the law passed in 1845.
The eighth section of that law showed the neces-
sity of a new act. By the former act the procla-
mation of the President of the United States was
required: in this act no such requirement was con-
tained.
Mr. SIMS entirely concurred with the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] as to the effect of
all trusts imposed upon States; but he wholly dis-
sented from the inference that it was therefore in-
different whether they were expressed in the State
constitution or not. This amounted to saying that
Congress never would trust a State, because no
State was trustworthy. On the contrary, he
thought States eminently worthy of trust, because,
whatever their legal meificacy, they created a moral
obligation which he hoped no State would disre-
gard.
Mr. THURMAN disclaimed having meant to
insinuate anything to the contrary. He admitted
trusts created a moral obligation on a State; but it
was moral only, and never could be enforced.
And he meant to say that he would not limit the
State constitution without sufficient reason.
Mr. SIMS repeated his willingness to admit the
State and his hope that the bill would pass.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays; but the House refused to order
them. And thereupon the bill was read a third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the resolutions referring the President's message
to appropuate committees.
Mr. SEABORN JONES then rose and address-
ed the committee. He said that he regretted that
after the lapse of so many days it should have
become necessary for him to resume the discussion
which had been m progress when he obtained the
floor. He would have ueen extremely glad if that
controversy were now dropped, and he would wil-
lingly yield the floor to any gentleman who would
be able to terminate it. But in the discharge of a
duty which he owed, not only to himself, but to
the \dministration, it became necessary for him
to advert to some of the remarks which had been
made by gentlemen composing the opposition, 111
regard to the course of the Administration with
respect.io the Mexican war. It had been with
extreme regret that he had heard the gentleman
from Massachusetts represent himself as coming
within the category on which some persons were
pi.iced by a remark m the President's message.
Had that portion of the message alluded to any
person or party co nomine, lie (Mr. J.) would not
have been thus surprised. But the President made
no allusion to any particular quarter. It was, to
say the least of it, an act of great imprudence on
the 'part of the gentleman from Massachusetts to
bring himself within the range of that remark. The
remarks were of quite a general character. He
would read them. The President said:
"The war has been represented as unjust and unneces-
sary, and as one of agression on our part upon a weak
and injured enemy. Such erroneous views, though enter-
tained by but few, have been widely and extensively calcu-
lated, not only at home, but have been spread throughout
Mexico and the whole world. A more effectual means
could not have been devised to encourage the enemy and
piotraet the war than to advocate and adhere to their cause,
and thus give them 'aid and comfort.' "
By whom had this war been represented as un-
just on the part of the United States? But by
"few." Yet the opinions and denunciations of
those persons had been extensively circulated, not
only in the United States but in Mexico. And
who were they? The gentleman from Massachu-
setts had thought proper to rank himself amongst
them—he had placed himself in that unfortunate
category.
Mr. WINTHROP. Does the honorable gentle-
man mean to assert that I placed myself there ?
Mr. JONES. I undertood him to place himself
in that category; and that he had declared his right
and that of all freemen to express their opinions.
Mr. WINTHROP. Does he declare, m the face
of this. House, that he understood me to place my-
self in the predicament of attempting to circulate
in Mexico—that's his accusation—declarations of
the injustice and impropriety of the war ?
Mr. JONES. I did not single out that part of
the 
Mr. WINTHROP. The honorable gentleman
stated that explicitly. It is utterly unfounded—
without the shadow of truth.
Mr. JONES. I will tell the gentleman, if he
will allow me, what I understood him to say; and
he cannot deny it with a shadow of truth. He
characterized the portion of the message which I
have read, as an attempt on the part of the Presi-
dent to suppress discussion, and declared that, as
a freeman, he should discuss freely the acts of the
Presiden t. He spoke of the rights of freemen, and
those which had descended from our revolutionary
fathers. Where, then, did he place himself?
I presume that the honorable gentleman has not
taken the pains to send his speeches to Mexico,
although lie may have had them circulated through-
out the United States. But that is not the charge.
The charge is that of assailing the Administration
as having brought on an unjust war—a war ag-
gressive in its character—a war oil an injured ene-
my. Does the gentleman deny that he has assailed
this war as unjust? Does he deny that he has
characterized it as aggressive? Does he deny that
he has called it the President's war, and not the war
of the country ? He has not only by these decla-
rations, but by the whole course and tenor of his
argument, placed himself in the unfortunate cate-
gory of extending " aid and comfort" to the
' enemy.
Mr. WINTHROP. Will the gentleman allow
me a single word?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. WINTHROP. He may impute to me
whatever opinions he sees fit. I do not say that
I do not think this war an unjust war; that I do
not think this war to be an aggressive war; that I
do not think this war to be a President's war, and
not a war of the country; that I do not feel all
the sentiments of abhorrence of this war which
the President lias imputed to the "few," but
whom I choosc to call the "many," as I believe
they are throughout this nation. But it does so
happen—anu the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia should have known the circumstances of the
case befoie he assailed me—it does so happen, and
it has been notorious to the whole country, that
the charges in my own district duiing the election
which recently terminated in my reelection, have
been, that I have refrained from denouncing this
war; that I have refrained from expressing opinions
which the honorable gentleman has now imputed
to me; that I have not manifested the spirit ex-
hibited m many other parts of my own Common-
wealth, and in many other parts of the country,
quite so resolutely and uncompromisingly as my
constituents could have desired; and although
there may have been some parenthetical passages
m my speech 011 the tariff, and other speeches,
which the honorable member may see fit to charge
as substantiating his position, yet he will be
obliged to resort to a microscope—to all the glasses
and aids which philosophy 01- science will put
within his reach, in order to discover those pas-
| sages in any speech of mine which will give color
even to the assertions which he has now made.
Sir, I am the last member in this House on the
Whig side who has subjected himself to the impu-
tation which the President has seen fit to promtilge;
but, because I may not have done it heretofore,
let me not be misunderstood. Let me not be
