1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
regarded as entertaining a different opinion from
those who have done it to their heart's content,
and whom the President has seen fit to charge in
this utterly unjustifiable and arbitrary manner.
Mr. JONES proceeded. He was very much
gratified by the explanation of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. He would be very
glad if every other gentleman on the same side had
pursued the same prudent course in which he [Mr.
Winthrop] gloried. Whatever might have been
his opinions on the justice or injustice of the war,
it was indeed gratifying to find that the gentleman
refrained from giving " aid and comfort" to the
enemy. But was there any man there who could
stand up in this House.and refuse his assent to the'
abstract proposition of the President ? The mes-
sage says:
" The war has been represented as unjust and unneces-
sary, and as one of aggression on oui part upon a weak and
injured enemy. Such erroneous views, though entertained
but by few, have been widely and extensively circulated
not only at home, hut have been spread throughout Mexico
and the whole world. [Here is the abstract proportion
which no one will deny.] A more effectual means could
not have been devised to encnuiage the enemy and protract
the war than to advocate and adhere to their cause, and
thus give them 'aid and comfort.' "
Was there any man who would deny that propo-
sition? If there were any such men, all he (Mr. J.)
could say was, that there must be either an obli-
quity about their intellect which could hardly be
the object of admiration or envy, or else a lamenta-
ble want of experience in the common affairs of
human life. Who did not know, that even in a
common fight the approbation of the bystanders
nerved the arm of that combatant on whom it was
bestowed? On Saturday last a paragraph caught
his eye, which was extracted from the New Hamp-
shire Age, and as it sustained the view which he
had now advanced, he would take the liberty of
reading it:
" Loiters have been received in Mexico (Vera Cruz) that
Pre-ident Polk lias become the object of paiticular dislike
to his fellow-citizens through the pertinacity he has dis-
played m the war, sacrificing two nations by his iniquitous
caprices. The people in the north aie said to be on the
verge of revolution, thiouqh the enormous expenses inci-
dental to the hostilities now existing between the United
States and Mexico.
" Extiaets of letters from the United States are published
in the Mexican papers, in which it is represented that our
people, especially ill the northern States, have become thra-
oughly disgusted with the war, on account of its enour.ous
expenses, amounting to half a million of dollars poi diem !
and that it had become so odious, that it will be impracti-
cable fur our Government to raise the rcqmied number of
troops! that tlie Senate will refuse any further appiopna-
tions for the war ! that the Biitibh Government has insisted
on its mediation being accepted," &c., &.e.
There could be no doubt as to these facts.
Whether these "extracts" were true or false,
there could be no doubt of the fact that Mexico
was encouraged by the divisions which now ap-
peared amongst the American people, and in the
American Congress. He said divisions which
appeared to exist; for there was, in reality, no
division on the war, so far as regarded its prose-
cution. When he said no division, he did not
mean to except the few who might be opposed to
the appropriations for the war. But it would be
found by Mexico and the world at large, that when
the United States unfolds her banner to the breeze,
her sons rush as one man to follow and defend it.
ills friend from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] appear-
ed to take peculiar pleasure and pride in being
lanked in that category to which the remarks of
the President applied. But he did not stand " alone
in his glory." The gentleman from Ohio [Air.
Giddinc.s] followed, or rather led, in the same
path. Yet the gentleman fiom Tennessee went
further than anybody else. He said he took par-
ticular delight m being in that category, and he
used the most opprobrious terms the vocabulary
could furnish, for the purpose of expressing his
disgust, his hatred, his violence of feeling against
the President of the United States. It was fortu-
nate that the President of the United States hap-
pened to live in the same region as that from which
the honorable gentleman came, as that circum-
stance, perhaps^ afforded a solution of the other-
wise almost inexplicable attack made upon him by
the gentleman. Perhaps some private pique, some
personal feeling, engendered in the fierce conflicts
of party, in some of the numerous electioneering
contests in which the President had so often been
victorious, rankled in the gentleman's bosom. Per-
haps——
Mr. GENTRY. I desire to say, with the ut-
most sincerity, that I nevei have entertained, and do
not now entertain, the slightest feeling of personal
ill-will towards the President of the United States.
There never has been any occurrence which had
a tendency to excite such a feeling. On the con-
trary, so far as our intercourse has extended, it has
been uniformly courteous and polite. It has been
such intercourse as gentlemen holding opposite po-
litical opinions could entertain. With regard to our
political contests, no personal asperity has mingled
with them. My opposition to the President is
directed against him solely in his public character,
and not as an individual.
Mr. JONES- was happy to hear such a dis-
claimer. But it was certainly not to be wondered
at that-the coarseness and vulgarity of the gentle-
man's remarks should have suggested the idea that
some personal pique existed.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 beg to say that when I seek
instruction in elegance of language, I will not apply
to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. JONES. I dare say not. The misfortune
is, that we are too often incorrigible, and will not
seek instruction'. Yet I still hope that " the sober
second thought" of the gentleman will convince
him that his remarks on that occasion were en-
tirely too vulgar.
Mr. GENTRY. Not at all.
Mr. JONES. They were quite too coarse to
come from a member of this House, if not too
coarse to be applied to the President of tliQ United
States. Does the gentleman approve of the he
direct from one gentleman to another?
Mr. GENTRY, (with much animation.) Mr.
Chairman, I must and will correct this. [Cries of
"order."] '
Mr. JONES. I cannot be corrected in that. It
must be in the recollection of all that he applied
these epithets to the President of the United
States.
Mr. GENTRY. The gentleman is in error. It
has been supposed, even by some of my own po-
litical friends, that I did apply that term to the
President. 1 did not It is true I controverted
his truth and sincerity in making the declaration
that this was not an aggressive war, and after
arguing that, I concluded by saying that he had
labored to make the people believe a lie. It was a
Scriptural quotation, and I have it here. I know
what is due to_ myself.
Mr. JONES. I am glad that the gentleman has
at length taken back the offensive 
Mr. GENTRY. I take back nothing, sii.
Mr. JONES. Then the gentleman ought to get
some fiiend to tell what he did say. He certamly
used language not proper in this House, and most
certainly unfit to be applied to the President of the
United States. I will not enter into any further
controversy on this point. The gentleman was
probably led away in the heat and hurry of ar-
gument.
Mr. GENTRY. The gentleman has entirely
misapprehended me. ,
Mr. JOxNES If so, I do not stand alone. The
gentleman admits that his own friends so under-
stood him. But I desire to be done with this sub-
ject and the interruptions which accompany it.
Did he not say that the President made false assei-
tions with regai d to the causes of the war?
Mr. GENTRY. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. Did he not say that the Presi-
dent had endeavored to make the people believe
a lie ?
Mr. GENTRY. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. Pray, then, is that not charging
the President with a he ?
Mr. GENTRY. I abide by what I said.
Mr. JONES. 1 ask, has not the President al-
ways, throughout his \v hole career, maintained the
highest chauicter for truth and veracity.''
Mr. GENTRY. 1 have never attacked the Presi-
dent's private character. It is idle for the gentle-
man to catechise me in such a way.
Mr. JONES. Have you never cast any impu-
tations on his character?
Mr. GENTRY. Certainly not. I drew a dis-
tinction between the character of the man and the
character of the Piesident. If the gentleman de-
sires to catechise me about the President s charac-
ter, 1 think he had better not press me.
! Mr. JONES. I have no apprehensions on that
' score; and the insinuation of the gentleman is not
I in keeping with his former candid confession,
i Mr. GENTRY. What insinuation >
I Mr. JONES. The imputation conveyed in the
| expression that " the gentleman had best not press
\ him."
| . Mr. GENTRY. The gentleman misunderstands
1 me. I said he had better not press me upon his
public character.
Mr. JONES. I did misunderstand the gentle-
man. I thought he said "private," not public
character. At all events, I do not understand that
, system of ethics which draws a distinction between
;J a straightforward, honorable, veracious, and pure-
j minded man in private life, and a deceitful scoun-
drel as a public officer. Could any man believe, he
(Mr. J.) asked, that James K. Polk, who had
maintained a pure private character in a political
life of more than thirty years, could now delib-
erately, in the character of President of the United
States, labor to make the people believe a lie?
Why, the imputation—if it was not irreverent to
make the comparison—was somewhat akin to that
which the infidel castupon the Saviour of the world,
: when he represented him as presenting in his life
T and conversation a spotless exemplar of purity and
!j holiness, and yet as being guilty from his cradle
t, to his grave of the greatest imposture everattcmpt-
; ed ! And for what would he practise this decep-
tion? What motive had he? He now held the
! highest office in the world. Mr. Polk stood sans
! jicur and sans reproche.
I But the gentleman from Tennessee represented
i the President not only as being guilty of an effort
| to check and curb free discussion, but as actually
I taking away " free volition," and compelling gen-
tlemen to vote for a war which they believed to
be wrong! What an omnipotent President! And
I it was said that the war had been originated sim-
' ply that the President might be able to give an an-
!
!| swer to the sneering question, who was James K.
I j Polk? He (Mr. J.) had not heard that question
ji asked since the promulgation of the first message.
;j In that document the keenest eye of the partisan
'! had been unable to detect a flaw". Even the irre-
j: sponsible and unscrupulous newspaper writers
■j could not point out an error in it. It might be
0 said, indeed, that the'President did not write it.
; Even if that statement wc-re true, where was the
'disgrace or fault, when they all knew that the
; " Father of his country" employed others to write
j'his messages? But the statement was nor true.
1 j If Mr. Polk's hand did not trace the characters, his
■ ;mind dictated every idea and every syllable that
>I the message contained.
i To this last message the only objection urged
! was, that he charged those who denounced this war
M as unjust as being guilty of treason. For this the
I President had been assailed with the greatest fero-
city. And they were told more than once that
iithey had the right to impeach him—yea, more
| than this, that a gentleman had the right to com-
" mit treason—moral treason—so long as he cleared
ij the halter. He might encourage the enemies of
his country by his acts, and yet be within the pale
!of the law. 'But (replied Mr. J.) the man who
j, acted barely within the pale of the law was only
'[ half honest; if his conduct was guided only by a
servile fear of the law, and was not controlled by
principle, he was only half honest. He would
1 rii.ike no charge as to who had been guilty of this
1 moral treason. He would not attempt to decide
! whether it be members in this House or out of it.
;; 1-Ie only made this remark, that it seemed to him
, very strange to hear anybody utter denunciations
against the war, designating it as unholy, unjust,
and oppressive in its character towards Mexico,
who voted for it. Peihaps the President of the
United States meant these gentlemen who voted
against the war, as he said they were but few. He
( Mr. J.) believed there were but fourteen who
voted against the war, and against furnishing the
requisite supplies for carrying on the war. But he
did not believe that tire President meant those peo-
ple: he considered that they acted honestly; he
said so, because, he considered that those who had
the boldness to act in accordance with their own
opinions, even though these opinions were wrong,
occupied a more enviable position than those who
voted for the war, and then denounced it as unho-
1 ly. In the former was his friend fiom Massachu-
1 setts [Mr. Hudson] to be placed. He voted against
the war and denounced it at the last session. The
; recollection of his denunciations then was fresh in
his own mind, and they had just heard his denun-
1 ciations at this session. He (Mr. J.) would pay
: him his resgects presently, for the purpose of shotv-
i ing that he had committed errors in judgment; he
