1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
Also, the memorial of the President and Profes-
sors of St. Mary's College, asking to be allowed to
import books and philosophical apparatus free of
duty; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, the memorial of the President and Direct-
ors of the Chesapeake and Pelaware Canal Com-
pany, praying the United States to relinquish its
share of stock in the same to the company; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of George
Roush, a soldier of the revolutionary war, praying
a pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, the memorial of Thomas Jefferson Ran-
dolph, legal representative of Thomas Jefferson,
late President of the United States, setting forth
that he is the owner and proprietor of papers left
by the deceased, which are of value to the country,
and praying Congress to take them at such valua-
tion as they may deem proper; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of citizens
of the town of Fernandina, Florida, praying that
the title to a certain tract of land heretofore used
by the inhabitants of that place asa burial-ground,
may be vested in the local authorities of Fernan-
dina; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Thomas Douglass, late
United States district attorney for the district of
EastFlorida, praying compensation for his services
in defending suits instituted against the United
States on private land claims in said district; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mi. BENTON presented the petition of Gen-
eral John McNeil, an officer in the war of 1812,
praying for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, a letter from Captain Mordecai, at the
United States arsenal, in favor of extending the
pension laws to the soldiers enlisted in the Ord-
nance department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill for the relief of
Joshua Dodge; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported back the bill for the relief of Mary
Macrae, widow of Lieutenant Colonel Macrae, of
the United States army, without amendment, with
a recommendation that it do pass; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DIX (on leave) introduced a bill for the
relief of Thomas Browneli; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS (on leave) introduced a bill for the
relief of John Stockton, late a lieutenant in the
army of the United States; which was lead twice,
and referred to the CommitLee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. SEMPLE (on leave) introduced a^bill for
the relief of the heirs of James Rumsey; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. JO HNSON (on leave) introduced a bill to
authorize the relinquishment of the sixteenth sec-
tion, in certain cases, and the selection of other
lands id lieu thereof; which was read twice, and
referred to tlyj Committecvon Public Lands.
Mr. BAG-BY (on leave) introduced a bill to
authorize the payment of interest upon the ad-
vances made by the State of Alabama for the use
of the United States Government m the suppres-
sion of the Creek Indian hostilities m 3836 and
1837; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back the bill to reduce and grad-
uate the price of the public lands without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass;
which was read, and passed to the second read-
ing.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back the bill to establish a general
permanent preemption system m favor of actual
settlers on the public lands without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported hack the bill granting cer-
tain alternate sections of the public domain for the
completion ©f works of internal improvement in
the State of Michigan without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass; which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back the bill to establish
an additional land office in the northern part of the
State of Michigan, and to provide for the sale of
the mineral lands of the United States in the State
of Michigan and Territory of Wisconsin, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it do
pass; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. SEMPLE (on leave) introduced a joint res-
olution, proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, in relation to the judicial
power; which was read twice, and (on motion by
Mr. Semple) laid upon the table.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of incorporating a company to construct a railroad
from some point on the Missouri river west of the
limits of the State of Missouri, to the mouth of the
Columbia river.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which* was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
adopting the rifle more extensively in the service,
and that they be requested to recommend a suit-
able model of a rifle to be used.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety of providing by law for the transporta-
tion of a mail, semi-weekly, from New Orleans
to the headquarters of the army beyond the Rio
Grande.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of supplying such of the new States as have not
been furnished therewith by the United States with
a competent number of sets of the statutory laws
of the United States.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of extending the benefit of the pension system to
the enlisted men in the Ordnance service.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, it
was
Ordered, That the Vice President be authorized
to make appointments to fill vacancies in the Com-
mittee of Claims.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing the passage by that body
of the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Patrick Kelly;
A bill for the admission of the State of Iowa into
the Union.
The above bills were severally taken up and re- ]
ferred: the first to the Committee on Pensions, and 1
the second to the Committee on the Judiciary. j
INQUIRY INTO SANTA ANA's RETUR'N. j
The resolution submitted by Mr. Barrow on |
: Monday came up in its order, and was read by the j
Secretary, as follows: I
& Resolved, That the President of the United States j
[ be requested to inform the Senate if any officcr or j
I agent of the United States was sent by him, or by ;
: his direction, to Havana to advise, procure, or many
j way or in any manner promote the return of Santa
i Ana to Mexico; and, if so, who was the officer or 1
| agent, and what were his instructions, and when
1 was he sent on such mission. Also, that he in-
| form the Senate by what me&ns and through what
! channel Santa Ana was informed that an order was
| issued to the commander of our naval forces in the
1 Gulf, directing said commander not to obstruct his
i (Santa Ana's) return to Mexico. And also that
! he transmit to the Senate copies of any corre-
1 spondence in possession of the Government rela-
tive to the terms and conditions on which Santa
Ana was permitted to pass through our blockading
squadron, or in any manner relating to the subject
of Santa Ana's return to Mexico.
Mr. SEVIER. I am not disposed to interpose
obstacles in the way of this resolution or any other
resolutions of this description; but I desire, if the
Senator is not particularly anxious to act upon it
immediately, that it shall be postponed for a day
or two. It must be observed that many Senators
are absent.
Mr. BARROW. I have no objection to its be-
ing passed over, though I shall desire the postpone-
ment to be for a longer period than a day or two.
If it is not acted upon to-day, I would propose that
it be passed over informally, with the understand-
ing that it shall be called up after the New Year's
holydays. For the next few days the Senate will
not be full, and if the resolution is to be opposed,
or if there are any amendments to be made to it,
I shall desire that it shall be in a full Senate. I
therefore accede to the suggestion of the Senator
from Aikansas, and I give notice that I will call it
up again—.say Monday or Tuesday after the New
Year's holydays.
Mr. SEVIER. Say Tuesday week, then.
Mr. BARROW. 1 have no objection.
The resolution was postponed accordingly to
Tuesday, the 5th January, 1847. 10
ADMISSION OP THE STATE OV IOWA.
A bill from the House of Representatives for the
admission of Iowa into tire Union was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that as this bill provided
simply for the admission of the State of Iowa into
the Union, she having complied with the condi-
tions of the law of'Congress passed last year, it
was unnecessary to delay its passage by sending
it to a committee.
Mr. BERRIEN reminded the Senator that the
uniform practice of the Senate was to refer to a
committee. He therefore suggested the reference
of this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEVIER assented, and the bill was referred
accordingly.
The other bills from the House of Representa-
tives were read a first and second time, and appro-
priately referred.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; after which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 22, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and, having
been amended, on motion of Mr. VANCE, so as
to state the fact (accidentally omitted) that Mr. V.
had voted affirmatively on the motion to suspend
the rules for the purpose of enabling Mr. Thomas-
son to offer his resolution, was approved.
[Mr.SCAMMON also desires it to be stated that
he voted in the negative on the same proposition.}
Mr. JOHN P. MARTIN asked leave to submit
the following joint resolution:
Be it resohed by the Senate mid House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That hereafter all letters and newspa-
pers directed to the officers and soldiers engaged
in the Mexican war, beyond the limits of the Uni-
ted States, shall be received by them free of post-
age.
"Several members objecting—
Mr. HOPKINS said that he knew the object of
his friend from Kentucky [Mr. Martin] was
merely to introduce the resolution and have it re-
ferred to a committee, and therefore he hoped that
the objection would be withdrawn.
The objection not being withdrawn—
Mr. MARTIN moved to susjDend the rules to
admit the resolution.
The mot'on was not carried; and the resolution
was not received.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH then moved to suspend
the rules for one hour, to enable members to make
reports from committees, and submit resolutions
which would not give rise to debate.
On the question being put it was decided in the
negative: and the rules were not suspended.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Speaker if the reso-
lution offered by him yesterday, amendatory of
the forty-first rule of the House, and which the
rules required should lay over one day for consid-
