1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
so much of us, our character, and our affairs, be-
gan thus to predict our discomfiture in Mexico,
how much more would the stupid, ignorant, infat-
uated Mexicans, who know nothing of us, our
Government, or our true character, be induced to
believe the same result; and to believe that if
they could but hold out till the Whig Admin-
istration should come into power, that Admin-
istration and its friends, who now so loudly de-
nounced the war, would, of course, bring it at
once to an end? They saw the war denounced
as unjust; the march of our troops on the Rio
Grande pronounced an invasion of their country,
and the demand of indemnity for the expenses of
the contest declared to be unusual, oppressive, and
cruel. What, then, would be their natural conclu-
sion ? Why, certainly, that if they could but hold
on for a few years, a new order of things would
come about; their provinces would all be returned
to them; their public debt remitted or its payment
postponed, all idea of indemnity scouted; and the
war, in a word, would leave off just where it be-
gan. If they judged of our intentions and views
from what was said by gentlemen on the other
side, they would be led to strain every nerve to
hold on, if possible, till 1848. They were taught
to believe that they had the sympathy of the greater
part of the American people; that our war against
them was unholy and unjust, and so admitted by
ourselves; that the provinces we had taken from
* her could not be gotten into the Union, or, if they
were, the attempt would shake the Union to its
very foundations. Did gentlemen suppose that
this language of theirs was not heard m Mexico?
JBut the gentlemen seemed to think they displayed
some mettle by being forward to bring themselves
within the President's denunciation of moral trea-
son. It was true that every gentleman had a per-
fect right to select his own position on that floor;
but it was equally true that their motives and in-
ducements to do so would be a fair subject of criti-
cism by the people of the country. They had
staked their reputation on pioving the President
guilty of one of the most stupendous crimes that
ever had been committed.
If this war was what these gentlemen said it
was—a war wantonly and voluntarily originated
and waged by the President for the sake of letting
the world know u who James K. Polk was," it,
for an end like this, all the seas of the best blood
of this land had been shed, and millions upon mil-
lions of its treasure lavished, all in violation of the
Constitution,—then had the President of the Uni-
ted States been guilty, not of moral merely, but of
actual treason, and that of the deepest dye. If all
this were true, then had he damned -himself, in-
deed, to a depth of public infamy where the hand
of resuirection could never reach him. If gentle-
men could persuade the widow of Ringgold and
of Cross, and of all the other heroic men whose
lives had been given as a bloody sacrifice to their
country's honor, that this was all done to glorify
this Administration and prove who James K. Polk
was, and should lead a large party in this country
to come to the same belief, then would they have
pro\ed the President guilty of a war against human
society, and which had no parallel in the malignity
of the serpent or the more deadly venom of an in-
ferior reptile. But let them come to the bar and
make good the charge. In preferring this charge,
you arraigned not only James K. Polk, but that
House, and their country, which it represented.
They could not separate the President in this in-
dictment. The gentlemen themselves had voted
for the war, because they had not had the courage
to vote against it. Now if what they said of the
war audits origin and its motives was true, it was
not for him to say what would be that judgment
which the country would pass upon men who,
under such views, had given such a vote, if it
was not true, what judgment would be passed on
those who made siu-h a charge without adequate
foundation ? Let gentlemen look to it. The party
who supported the war would hold them to that
issue. They had pronounced a ciuel judgment
on the President, but " bloody inventions ott
returned to plague the inventors." Let them be-
ware, lest " evenhanded justice" should one uay
"commend the poisoned chalice to their own
Hps."
Mr. M. insisted that the President's position
was utterly unavailable; nay, he would go further,
and say, after ali the long series of outrages which
Mexico had perpetrated against us—her refusal of
reparation, and her public insults—it was the Presi-
dent's duty to march into their country; and, if he
had had the means to do it, instantly to seize on
Tampico and Vera Cruz; and that he would have
been justified before the whole world. France had
battered the Castle of San Juan d'Ulua about their
ears for provocation' not one-tenth as great. Had
we sat down under her wanton wrongs and inju-
ries, without demanding and taking redress, we
.should have been forever disgraced in the eyes of
mankind.
Mr. M. hoped the country would bear witness
how this war had begun. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] had admitted it as a gen-
eral principle that when a country was actually en-
gaged in war, it was not the proper time to indulge
in severe reflections on the public councils in the
conduct of the war, but ail should make with
cheerfulness all necessary sacrifices to carry the
country through it with honor. But, then, the
gentleman thought that the present case formed an
exception. On the contrary, never had patriotism
been so little taxed. Our commerce had remained
free from injury; we had been under no fears of
invasion; nothing could be found in the incidental
effects of the war to make the most garrulous com-
plain. Yet, before any of those injuries had been
experienced which were felt in all wars—before
any of the facts were accurately known—before
the House had any evidence whether General
Kearny had acted with or without instructions
from the President, a determined disposition had
appeared to find fault. Let the President conduct
the war feebly and slackly, or with vigor and
promptitude, still he must be attacked. It remind-
ed him of a drunkard, who, going to his home at
two or three in the morning, said to his pot com-
panion, "Now, if my wife has gone to bed, I
will know of her what right she has to dare to go
to bed before I come home; and, if she is sitting
up, I'll demand of her what right she has to be
sitting up all night because I am not at home."
All the ingenuity of gentlemen had been taxed
to concoct something that might serve by way of
offset to the effect of the plain unvarnished tale the
message would tell in the ears of an upright, pa-
triotic people. They knew well if left to work its
own legitimate effect without something to coun-
teract it, it was a document which would create
such an impression as had never before been made
upon the American mind since the early days of
the Revolution.
If gentlemen wanted to be convinced of this, let
them look even to the Whig papers themselves—
let them read a lecent article in the New York
Courier and Enquirer, an able discussion of the
war question, (which Mr. M. proposed to append
to the printed copy of his speech.) Let them then
take up the New Orleans Bee, one of the strongest
papers in the Whig ranks, and one which the Gov-
ernment organ in this city had denounced with the
utmost malignity. When this article was written
the editor had not yet received Ins cue from the
National Intelligencer, or whoever else endeavored
to give tone to national opinion m opposition to
the Government. And now, as a party man, he
desired to say to his friends on the opposite side
of the House, that if they would but continue their
denunciations of the war in the key in which they
had begun, and if they could but induce a few
more of these gentlemen to take positions exactly
similar, they would confer a greater benefit on the !
Administration and Us friends than by anything !
else they could do. But he would advise them, j
as an American, m all sincerity, to forget all party j
divisions—at least to u assume a virtue, if they !
had it not," and stand by their country, right or j
wrong. € ^ [
A voice: "What! must we play the hypocrite
Mi. M. refer* ed the whole ease to the Ameucan ■
people, and they would answer it at the next elcc- !
tion. Could any one make them believe that Mr. >
Polk commenced this war for his own aggrandize-
ment; that he. had taken military possession ot the
Mexican provinces from a love of conquest; that ;
he was wanting m patriotism; and, in a word, that
ins whole position was so bad that he was com- .
pel led to resort to falsehood and^ misrepresentation
m a solemn public message? Never, never. ;
But if gentlemen wanted a war here whose ma-
terial should be taken out of the party vocabulary,
they should be met. Let them dcscant on the
sub-treasuiy, on tea and coffee, on a national
i bank, on Oregon and the parallel of 49°, and they
would find their opponents prepared for them.
But he would rather say to them, in the name of
the country and of common sense, leave off all this
mere party strife. Do not make us an object of
contempt to all nations. In the conduct of this
war even England had not found a scintilla of
blame to cast upon us; no, nor even the party
press itself, until it got its cue from Washington.
He would, then, implore gentlemen to desist. He
desired to witness no party triumph at the expense
of his country. He would raise his voice in dep-
recation—even in supplication—that gentlemen
would desist. The House had begun the war in
all unanimity: would it not now be disgraceful to
fall out with one another about its prosecution ?
But gentlemen said they would vote all necessa-
ry supplies, though they did not approve the war.
Yes, they would shelter themselves from the pub-
lic censure by not refusing to vote supplies; and
then they would reserve to themselves the right to
denounce the war. But the people could not be
thus deceived. They would not be made to be-
lieve, from a timid vote of supplies, that the de-
nouncers of the war were not the comforters of
Mexico.
He considered gentlemen who had voted for the
war as in a worse condition than those of their
party who had voted against it. Their argument
in excuse would not avail; their vote for the war
would not relieve Taylor fiom his danger; he
must gam a victory or fall into the hands of the
enemy long before the effect of that vote could
reach him. But how was the condition of things
changed since they gave their vote for the war?
They accused the President of forcing them into
that vote; but had not the course which they so
much denounced been going on for months before?
and yet was any voice raised against it. Had it
not been notorious that the President had advanced
the army to the Rio del Norte ? Why had not
gentlemen fulminated then? Why not interpose
before our army was pushed into the gorge? Where
was the patriotism of gentlemen then? But no;
they judged rightly then. They saw no wrong;
they uttered no remonstrance. Mexico said she
meant to reconquer Texas to the Sabine. Were
we basely to desert the Stale we had just admitted
to our arms ? Weie we to let the army remain at
Corpus Christi till Mexico had gamed a right by
prescription to all the country to the Nueces? jNo;
if we believed Texas entitled to more, it was our
duty to defend her.
The country could not be deceived. Were we
obliged to sit still, with hands folded, after Mexico
had warned us she meant to resume her rights over
Texas by the sword ? If we believed their bom-
bastic threats, they meant to come not out to the
Sabine, but to the Potomac. Was every nation
to provoke and insult us at pleasure; and were we
to be stigmatized because we had established mili-
tary law in provinces we had conquered by arms?
Would any one talk so because conquered prison-
ers were put in irons on board a ship of war to
prevent their rising? It was idle, and got up for
mere effect.
Mr. M. concluded by expressing his hope that
tins debate would not continue. As a partisan, he
could wish that it should; but he felt too well
assured that gentlemen who indulged m such lan-
guage as had been used m this debate, would fol-
low m the downward track, and be consigned to
the deep oblivion of those who had denounced
their own Government, when engaged in a just
and necessary war.
Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN then addressed the
committee. He said:
Mr. Chairman, 1 had determined not to raise
my voice, either in aigument or declamation, on
the subject which now engages the attention of the
committee. I came to that conclusion, because it
is not at all unusual for young members in this
assembly to speak themselves out of character and
out of notice. I thought I would be a listener; and
in the discharge of "the high trusts committed to
me by a magnanimous people, maintain then rights
by a'silent \ote. This determination, however, 1
changed, on hearing the speech of my colleague,
[Air. Gentry.] 1 changed that determination
when 1 heard his denunciations; and although on
yesterday, when he appeared to labor with great
diligence and much iteration to extricate himself,
yet he has not, in my apprehension, presented a
satisfactory explanation. Situated asl am at home,
Mr. Chairman—the immediate neighbor of the
