1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
wound received in the attack on Tabasco, had ad-
mitted them—I ask my learned friend before me,
[Mr. Douglass,] I ask every gentleman here, if he
would not have committed an act of treason; and
if he would not have justly been subject to the
infliction of death, the punishment to that crime?
Who can controvert it?
Now, Mr. Chairman, what immunity against
the penalty of treason has James K. Polk more
than Commodore Conner or any other man? I
arraign him, Mr. Chairman: he has. committed
that crime to the letter. Arraign him, try him in
one of the courts of the United States, and the
only plea by which he can attempt a defence is by
stultifying himself and declaring he did not com-
prehend the nature of the deed he was doing ! I
call upon James K. Polk—I call upon his friends
here, and I defy them—I defy the ingenuity of
man, on the acts to which I have adverted, to shield
him, if he were on trial before the tribunals of this
country, from the crime of treason, according to
the common-law definition, except it be on the
ground of stultifying himself by contending that
he was not conscious of what he was doing. And
yet, after the guilt of such conduct as this, he
makes the imputation of treason against Congress
and members of Congress who dare to look into
his proceedings!
Rut, Mr. Chairman, I will proceed. I do not
charge the President of the United States with a
"he"—with falsehood; but I say that in this pa-
per there is a tissue of grosser misrepresentations
than are contained in any paper that has ever be-
fore emanated from a public functionary of this
Government. If he did not purpose falsehood and
misrepresentation in drawing up this paper, he
shows himself guilty of a grossness of ignorance
which utterly disqualifies him for the office he fills
and for the discharge of his duties to the American
people. Well, I will proceed rapidly to notice
some of these things in their order. He says:
" In the month of May, 1836, Santa Ana acknowledged,
by a treaty with the Texan authoiities, in the most solemn
foim, 'the full, entire, and peileet independence of the
republic of Texas.1 "
Now, wliat is the idea here conveyed to the
American people? That a treaty, a national com-
pact between the sovereign powers of two coun-
tries, was made between Texas and the Mexican
Government, and by it that the Mexican Govern-
ment acknowledged the independence of Texas.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the President knows this is
not true. Why, Santa Ana was a prisoner of war,
and had no authority to make a treaty to have the
least binding effect on Mexico.
Second. " Before the annexation of Texas to the United
States was* consummated, Mexico herself, by a formal act of
hor Government, had acknowledged the independence of
Texas as a nation."
I will not say this declaration is a "lie:" I will
not say it is a falsehood; but I will say it is not
true; and I will say that any man occupying Mr.
Polk's position, and having the documents which
are in the State Department at his command, could
have learned better. Here is the truth of the case.
(Mr. D. glanced at the propositions which passed
between Texas and Mexico for a recognition by
the latter of the independence of the former, but j
was not heard so as to be reported.] !
Third. "Texas, as ceded to the United States by France, i
in 18CW, has been always claimed as extending we&t to the j
Rio Grande, or Rio Biavo." I
Now, " Texas" never was ceded by France to j
the United States. Louisiana was; but that is a i
different matter. Why should this phraseology ;
be used, unless to convey the impression to the i
American people that the identical province of'
Texas, the boundary of which its representa- !
tives claim to be the Rio Grande from its mouth .
to its source, was ceded by Prance to the United j
States! ,
Fourth. "The Texas which was coded to Spain by the '
Florida treaty of 1819 embraced all the country nowclamird •
by the State of Texas between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande." j
That is not true. What country does Texas ,
now claim? The entire country east of the Rio j
Grande, from its mouth on the sea to its source in I
the mountains. Neither France nor the United j
States contended for any such extent of Texas. I
They claimed that Texas extended to the lower Rio j
Grande; that it run up that stream to New Mexico, \
and then with the eastern boundary of New Mex- j
ico along towards the northwest. But never did i
France or the United States assume the absurd i
position that Texas ever possessed or commanded
any portion of New Mexico at all.
Fifth. "The republic of Texas always claimed this river
as her western boundaij; and in her treatv made with Santa
Ana in May, 1838, he recognised it as such."
Santa Ana made no such recognition. Look at
the article of the treaty itself. It merely recited
that the Mexican army should withdraw from
Texas and cross the Rio Grande. And to refute
the assertion as to the uniform claim of Texas to
the Rio Grande, Mr. D. referred to the fact that
Texas became one of the Mexican States under the
constitution of 1824; when, not having population
sufficient for the organization of a distinct State
government, she united with Coahuila in one gov-
ernment—Coahuila on the north, and Tamaulipas
on the lower Rio Grande extending to the Nue-.
ces, Tamaulipas including Corpus Christi at the
time. Texas (he said ) was a State of the Federal
republic of Mexico, with her western boundary on
the Nueces, and not one foot west of it; and after ii
Texas went off from the republic of Mexico she !!
entered into a treaty with the republic of the Rio 'j
Grande, and aided Canales, its head, m maintain- !|
ing the claims of that republic to the Nueces; and |j
this as late as 1839. He also referred to the cor-
respondence between Mr. Donelson, our charge to
Mexico, and Mr. Buchanan, Secretary of State, in
which Mr. D. informed the latter in 1845, during
the progress of the negotiation for annexation, that
Tamaulipas, Coahuila and New Mexico, extended
across the Rio Grande, and that Tamaulipas and
Coahuila extended to the western bank of the
Nueces. That was the information in the archives
of the State Department, furnished by our own
charge to Texas, so that Mr. Polk was in posses-
sion of it.
But I will go on to the next point:
" This was the Texas which, by the act of our Congress
of the 29th December, 1845, was admitted as one of the
States of our Union."
Why, then, did our resolutions say that" Texas
proper" shall be annexed to the United States >
Why did they reserve all questions of Texan
boundary for the decision of our Government?
The very words and phraseology of the resolu-
tions themselves contradict this position taken in
Mr. Polk's message.
" But Mexico herself has never placed the wai which she
has waged upon the giound that our army occupied the
intermediate terutory between the Nueces ard tho Rio
Grande. Her refuted pretension that Texas was not m fact
an independent state, but a lebellious province, was obsti-
nately pn severed in ; and her avowed put pose in com-
mencing a war with the United States was to leeonquer
Texas, and to re&toie Mexican authority over the whole
territory, not to the Nueces only, but to the Sabine."
These two positions in the message contain the
pith in this controversy—that Texas extended to
the Rio Grande—and that Mexico commenced the
war.
After the discussion which has already taken i
place on that point, no candid man, with any ref- '
erence to facts, in my humble judgment, can at- ||
tempt to maintain the position that Texas extended j[
to the Rio Grande. Why, we ceded Texas to |!
Spain in 1819: had not Spain then the right to ij
make the political organization of Texas, and with jj
such boundaries as she pleased? She did; and :!
made Texas the province east of the Nueces, and jj
Tamaulipas and Coahuila provinces west of the jj
Nueces. In this form these States remained du-jj
ing the existence of the Mexican confederation, h
and up to 1835. In 1835, it was stipulated that
Texas should be admitted into the republic with jj
her proper boundaries and name as soon as she
had the proper population. She declared herself j|
independent, with her boundary to the Nueces; she ' j
maintained it to the Nueces, and no farther; and, ij
in 1839, entered into a league, offensive and defen-
sive, with the republic of the Rio'Grande: that,
republic extended up to theNueces; yet the Presf- j!
dent tells us that the Texas which we annexed— ;j
the Texas always contended for by France, the |
United States, and Texas herself—is the Texas jj
which is now attempted to be extended along on j;
the eastern margin of the Rio Giande, from its jj
mouth to its source. Now, I will not say this is \ \
falsehood: but I say it manifests a degree of ig- Ij
norance—gross, palpable ignorance—that shows
the man guilty of it to be utterly incompetent to j'
have charge of the concerns of this great nation. j
[Mr. D. also read extracts (which we regret we
ars unable to obtain, but the purport of which j
will be gathered from the succeeding portion of i
Mr. D. 's remarks) from communications of Mr:
Allen, Secretary of State pro tem. of Texas in 1845;
of Mr. Donelson, our Mexican charge; and of
Mr. Buchanan, our Secretary of State, all bear-
ing on this question of boundary, and going to
show, as he contended, the absence of any claim,
even on the part of Texas, at that time to a west-
ern boundary beyond the Nueces.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, (he continued,) here is the
question itself—the point and the pith of it made
by Texas herself to our Government during- the
pending of this negotiation in June, 1845, and be-
fore the terms offered by our resolutions were ac-
cepted by-the Government of Texas. They ask
of our Government to defend Texas to the Rio
Grande; our Government refuse to do so, express-
ly on the ground that the country has always been
in the occupancy of Mexico and never in the pos-
session of Texas; that the resolutions had left it an
open question to he decided, and that our Govern-
ment would not fight for what the Government of
Texas refused to fight.
Here are the archives—documents in the State
Department, conclusively proving this question;
and in opposition to this testimony the President
of the United States comes forward and tells Con-
gress, upon this occasion, that the Rio Grande is
the boundary of Texas, and that Mexico made
war upon us by marching her arms to a post where
her authority had ever ruled, and of which she has
ever been in possession since the settlement of the
country! Sir, there is no getting out of it. Why,
sir, Mr. Polk tells us that General Taylor took
post in July, 1845, at Corpus Christi. Was not
that sufficient for defence against any invasion the
Mexicans might attempt?
Now, Mr. Donelson tells our Government that
Corpus Christi was the extremest western point of
Texas—that she had no settlement beyond it. He
tells our Government that the whole valley of the
Rio Grande is peopled by the Mexicans, subject
to her authority and her law, and that Texas
never had been in possession of it. The question
was then made by the Government of Texas to
our Government, whether we would make war for
this country; and our Government decided it
would not do so, because it was not authorized by
the terms of annexation itself.
Still Mr. Polk says, Mexico made war, not for
the disputed territory between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande, but for all Texas. Let us examine
this position. General Taylor took post at Cor-
pus Christi, the extreme western point of Texas
in July, 1845; he removed on the 11th March,
1846—seven months after. Now, if it was the
purpose of Mexico to make war for all of Texas,,
would she not have made some demonstration to-
wards this war. Let us see whether she did: on
the contrary, she expressly said she would not
make war against this occupancy. I know she
protested against annexation; and her Minister
said he regarded it casus belli. When annexation
took place, it was her right to treat us as belliger-
ants or not. She elected not to treat us as belliger-
ants, but to recognise relations of pcace between
us.
The hour here expired, and Mr. D. was abrupt-
ly broken off m his remarks.
Mr. GORDON obtained the floor, and the com-
mittee rose and reported.
The SPEAKER laid before, the House the fol-
lowing message from the*President of the United
Slates:
Washington, Dec. 22, 184G.
To the House* of Representatives
o f the United States:
In compliance with the request contained in the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
15th instant, I communicate herewith the reports
from the Secretary of War and the Secretary of
the Navy, with the documents which accompany
them.
These documents contain all the " orders or in-
' structions to any military, naval, or other officer
f of the Government, in relation to the establish*
' ment or organization of civil government in any
' portion of the territory of Mexico which has or
' might be taken possession of by the army or
< navy of the United States."
These orders and instructions were given to
regulate the exercise of the rights of the belliger-
ents engaged in actual war over such portions of
the territory of our enemy as, by military eon-
