1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to them. Such was the impression he had received
from the chairman of the Committee on the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. YUIjEEi said, if that were so, he had no
objection to have it referred to the Committee on
Contingent Expenses to regulate the scale.
Mr. ATHERTON moved that it be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. NILES said, since the rule adopted at the
last session, when there was any engraving to be
done the Committee on Contingent Expenses was
always consulted. The only question now was,
whether the Senate would order the publication
©f this map.
Mr. PHELPS, before voting, desired to know
if the committee had ascertained the probable cost
of printing this map.
Mr. ATHERTON replied that if it were printed
on the scale on which it was drawn, it would cost
about §600.
Mr. WESTCOTT thought the map should be
published. It contained the results of all the sur-
veys made for the benefit of the land office up to
the present date; it contained a consolidation or
the information obtained by all the topographical
surveys; it contained, also, the results of the coast
surveys, and was not a map designed for the ex-
clusive benefit of the State of Florida; but because
it comprehended the substance of the information
derived from these various sources, would prove
highly valuable and useful to Congress. It was
theonly correct map which had ever been prepared,
and embraced a large amount of information which
could not be obtained from any other source.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was apprehensive they
should establish a bad precedent, by ordering the
printing of this map. Order this, and why should
they not print a map of the State of Kentucky,
with the additions of the latest statistics and the
improvements of modern surveys; and, in short, a
map of every other State? They might go the
rounds of all, if they ordered the printing of one;
and hcnce he thought they should hesitate a little
before they began this system of printing.
Mr. WESTCOTT would give the gentleman
from Kentucky a rfeason why the United States
would be benefited by the engraving of this map.
The General Government owned five-sixths of the
lands in Florida, and hence the interests of the
whole United States, and not a single State merely,
would be advanced by the publication of this map.
Florida had been but partially explored and sur-
veyed as yet, and this very map was necessary to
enable the land officeis and engineers to complete
their surveys. The remarks of the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky were unjust, as this was
not a local, but a national question. If in the State
of Kentucky there was a large portion of public
lands owned by the United States 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I assure the gentleman
we have not an acre.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I think the gentleman may
congratulate himself that there is not; for it is an in-
cubus on a State where it is the case. And I ask the
Senator from Kentucky if it is just to us in Florida
to compel us to make a map of the lands of the
United States, for the benefit of the United States?
But there was another point of view in which the
publication of this map was important. The erec-
tion of important public works in Florida was in
contemplation, and there was not a solitary map
now extant, which would inform members of Con-
gress properly in regard to the proposed location
of those works. They ought to know where the
appropriations were expended. The map was of
more practical importance to many of the individual
States than to the State to which he (Mr. W.) had
the honor of belonging.
Mr. SIMMONS said there appeared to be some
misapprehension about this matter. The commit-
tee was in favor of printing this map, because, as
any one would see on looking at it, it was a pub-
lic matter. Vast labor had been expended upon
it, in collecting materials for the work, and now
the committee simply proposed to print those ma-
terials for their preservation. He supposed it had
cost from §20,000 to $30,000 to collect the facts,
and for the topographical engineers to make their
surveys, and the committee thought it would be a
wise economy to spend §500 or §600 to preserve
the result of labors which have cost so many thou-
sands. He did not, however, suppose that Florida
would be particularly benefited by it.
Mr. YULEE ;aid the objection of the Senator
from Missouri had been already disposed of by
the chairman of the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses. By the rule of the Senate, a map being
ordered to be printed would be passed to the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses, who would pre-
scribe the cost. That objection, then, was dis-
posed of. He agreed with the Senator from Ken-
tucky that they ought not to prepare maps for the
State of Kentucky or any other State, for the use
of the State; but the map which was then propose^,
tO be Drinterl was nnp nf an AnfiroKr rl iflerAnt r-hatP
to be printed was one of an entirely different char
acter—resting upon altogether different grounds.
The proposal was not to furnish a map to the
State of Florida, but to give the public the use
and benefit of appropriations and surveys hereto-
fore made for the exploration of the public lands.
That was all he asked. He had a letter from the
chief of the bureau, which would explain how this
map liad been prepared. It had been many years
in preparation, during which surveys had been
made at the expense of the Government. This
map, therefore, could not be published in any other
way than by the order of Congress, for it belonged
to the Government; and by the expenditure of
$400 or $500, or perhaps less, they would make
that useful for which from $20,000 t0 £30,000 had
been expended, which would be fruitless without
the publication.
, The Secretary, at the request of Mr. Ytjlee,
read a letter from Captain Swift, of the topographi-
cal engineers, an officer engaged in the coast sur-
vey, explaining the manner in which the map had
been prepared, &c.
Mr. YULEE continued. Prom this letter it
would be seen that this map was the result of the
labor of the officers of the United States Govern-
ment under appropriations made by Congress,
and deemed necessary for the public service where
they were expended. The surveys of the coast
would afford no particular local advantage to the
citizens of Florida; the advantage would be en-
joyed alike by all; for the work was of a national
character.1 Every one knew the dangers of the Flor-
ida reefs and the Florida straits, of which there was
no map so accurate as this, which was made ftom
the surveys of public officers at the public expense.
It was a map, therefore, which was of great im-
portance to all the navigating interests, and to com-
merce in general. And in respect to the internal
surveys, their publication was important in ref-
erence to the disposition of the public lands; they
were therefore properly taken exclusively by the
officers of the United States, whose labor would
be useless and valueless, unless the map were pub-
lished. It was evident that its publication was
necessary to the public interest. A'large tide of
immigration was setting into Florida, and the im-
migrants have now no means of knowing in what
particular portions of the country to locate with
the best advantage, under their circumstances. In
that respect, then, it was very important that this
publication should be made in reference to the
public lands.
The Secretary, at the request of Mr. Yulee,
read another letter which he had received, asking
for a map of Florida.
Mr. PHELPS was not able yet to see any great
public benefit to be produced by the publication of]'
this map. True, there might possibly be some-);
thing in this map which was an improvement upon j i
preceding editions of maps of Florida, which !j
might justify its publication; but he was notable
to see it. Being, therefore, still unsatisfied, hel!
moved to lay the proposition on the table for the j1
present, that gentlemen might inform themselves
in the matter. j1
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to. !]
MEMORIAL OF THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS. ;!
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee onj<
Printing, reported back a memorial from the Socie-1'
ty of Friends, of New England, in favor of mcas- ;
ures to terminate the existing war, with the re- |'
commendation that it be not printed. ■
Mr. DAVIS expressed his surprise on hearing '
that report. The memorial was very brief, and it
respectful terms to bring the existing war to a ter-
mination. That was the substantial feature of this
memorial. He had received a private letter from
an officer of the Association whence the memorial
came, stating very, modestly that last year Con-
gress was kind enough to order a memorial sent
on from that body, to be printed, and they hoped
the same course would now be pursued. That
was all that was asked. From the letter to which
he had referred he learned that the number of per-
sons present at the meeting which now memorial-
ized the Senate, was about nine hundred—it was
a meeting, therefore, respectable in point of num-
bers. And what was it they asked? Itwas a very
humble privilege to petition any body—it was a
privilege that was seldom denied to any one; but
when a body so large and respectable as this So-
ciety of Friends of New England, memorialized
the Senate in terms most respectful, and prompted
by religious principles alone, were they ashamed
to publish such a memorial to the world ? Was it
asking too much that such an expression of opin-
ion, made under such circumstances, should be
made public ? He repeated that he felt somewhat
surprised at the decision of the committee on this
question. It was certainly not a matter of great
magnitude, except that it was the expression of
opinion of a large body of persons of "whom he
would take the liberty to say—and it would be
sanctioned by the judgment of every gentleman on
that floor—that a people more orderly and more
obedient to the laws of the land, does not exist,
than that class called "Friends." When had any-
one known any disorder or irregular proceeding
to issue from that class of persons? When they
approached the Senate, they did so on a matter of
principle. They came to let the Senate know
what theirreligious views and principles were; but
the committee thought it was not worth while to
give them to the public. What was there objec-
tionable in them r He moved that the paper be
printed.
Mr. SIMMONS was very sorrv to hear that re-
port come from the committee. He was surprised,
too, as doubtless was the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Davis,] having understood that the
committee was equally divided on the question of
the printing of the memorial. It was thought
better to make a rule not to print any memorials;
in this case, however, he thought itwas not of
any very great importance, though he had been
led to believe, as memorials of this description
were printed last year, that it would be done again.
He thought these petitioners, whose memorial
seemed to be couched in very respectful terms,
ought to be gratified in their wish to have their
memorial printed. It was certainly a very cheap
mode of affording gratification to a large and high-
ly respectable body of people. He again express-
ed his surprise at the conclusion to which the com-
mittee had come in reference to this memorial.
Mr. DAYIS changed the form of his motion,
so that it should be amotion to strike out the word
" not" from the report of the committee. He also
called for the reading of the memorial.
The Secretary read it accordingly, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of ike United
States^ in Congress assembled:
The memorial of the rep? er.entatives of the Yearly Meet-
ing of the Society of Fiieuds for New England, respectfully
showetli :
That, a-5 it i« well known to be one of our distinguishing
religion* p-mciplps, in accordance, as we apnr&hend, with
the spirit of the Gospel, and the precepts of olfr Lord and
Saviour Je^u* Clm^t, that all w.us and lighting? are wiong, .
and fotbnlden to Christian*, we. being now assembled on the
general concern* of our Society, have had our attention
solemnly turned to the existing war between tins country and
Mcxico,
And, under a belief that it is our religious duty, we do
most respectfully entieat you to advise and adopt such meas-
ures a* will put a speedy end to the existence of this war,
with the multiplied evils and diroful calamities attendant
upon it. We veiy earnestly solicit you Jo direct your atten-
tion to the Mibjeet. and are persuaded that, by giving your
favorable consideration to our petition, you will avert evil-?
unspeakable, both from our eountrv and from Mexico, and
will for you'selves secure the blessing of Him who regardeth
the cries of those who aie ready to pensh.
Signed by direction and on behalf of the representatives
aforesaid. Held at New Bedford, Massachusetts, the second
was entirely respectful in its character to every,- day of 19th month, 1845. SAMUEL BOYCE,Cleik.
department of this Government. It came from a Mr. ATHERTON regretted that the Senator
j large body of persons called "Friends"—the So- (j from Rhode Island should have received any un-
! ciety of Friends of New England, who did not '! founded impression in any conversation with him.
l come here as political partisans. They simply], He had certainly not intended to convey to the
| state that they are opposed to war from religious ,j Senator the idea that he favored the printing of
; principle, and being opposed to war, they had j the memorial. The majority of the committee had
! thought it their duty to ask this Government in directed him to make this report, and the Senator
