70
THE CpNGBESSIONA^ GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
had misunderstood him, if he had received any
other impression.
Mr. SIMMONS asked the Senator from New
Hampshire if he had not said that such memorials
were printed last year?
Mr. ATHERTON replied that he had said so.
There was a memorial printed last year, but it was
for the reason that another memorial from another
body of ** Friends" had been printed, and it was
thought better to put them on the same ground,
and hence the committee had reported in favor of
printing that memorial; but when in the Senate
some reason was asked for printing that memo-
rial, he, as chairman' of the committee, found it
very difficult to assign a satisfactory reason. With
reference to the remarks of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] he would observe that
the committee had not arrived at its conclusion
from any want of respect for the petitioners or the
rights of the petitioners. They are a respectable
body of men undoubtedly. It had also been seen
that the petition, which had been read in open
Senate, was couched in respectful terms. This
was the case with petitions generally that came
before the Senate; they were generally respectful
in language, and came from respectable sources;
but, as a general rule, petitions'and memorials
were not printed, except in extraordinary and
special cases; and it seemed to him and to the
committee that there was nothing here to take this
memorial out of the general rule. In nearly all
cases it was unnecessary to print petitions, be-
cause they were referred to a committee; and if
the facts, statistics, and arguments, therein con-
tained, were of sufficient importance, they were
embodied in the report which the committee
made thereon to the Senate. "Was it, then, of im-
portance to have this memorial printed, that it
might be bound up with the Senate documents? for
that would be the result, if no extra copies were
ordered. These were some of the considerations
which had influenced his mind*, and it did seem to
him 1hat unless the Senate would adopt a rule to
print all memorials and petitions, there was no
reason why this should be ordered to be printed.
It was treating the petitioners with no want of
respect to bring them under the general rule appli-
cable to such cases.
Mr. CHALMERS said that the Senator from
Rhode Island had not furnished him, as a member
of the Committee on Printing, with any reason
why this memorial should be made an exception
to the rule which excludes petitions and memorials
in general from being printed.
Mr. SIMMONS said he was under the impres-
sion that the committee was equally divided on
the subject.
Mr. CHALMERS was opposed to the printing
of thesememorialslastsession, and he was opposed
to it now, for the reason that they only stated what
was well known. It was well known to them all,
that the petitioners were opposed to all war, strife,
and fighting. It was wholly unnecessary, then,
to print their memorial. He did not, however,
in what he had said, wish it to be understood that
he desired the establishment of a rule to prohibit
the printing of memorials at all. He should re-
serve to himself the right to judge of the propriety
of printing as occasion arose. Nor was it from a
want of respect to these petitioners that he should
vote to refuse to concur in the motion to print
their memorial.
Mr. DAVIS did not think it would be well to
.print all memorials that might come there; but
lie did think this a sufficiently important matter.
All the interests of the country were affected by
it; and these petitioners, as a part of those inter-
ested, came here with the expression of their
views and wishes in regard to it; and when they
expressed those views and wishes, in respectful
terms, as they had done in this memorial, and
asked that their opinions might be published to
the world, it did seem to him unreasonable to re-
fuse. He wished to add, mid then he would have
done with the subject, that, repeatedly since this
session commenced, memorials had been printed.
The Journal would show this to be the fact respect-
ing memorials that were probably not more im-
portant than this. He should conclude by calling
for the yeas and nays on his motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he felt inclined to vote
against this motion, not through any disrespect to
the petitioners, but because it might be considered
as establishing a precedent for the printing of me-
morials of a trifling and unimportant character,
and which had little or nothing to do with the busi-
ness before Congress, but intended rather to ad-
vance certain arguments and opinions which the
Senate had nothing to do with. In regard to the
present memorial, he would suggest, if it were in-
tended to print it by way of compliment or ex-
pression of consideration for the Society from
which it emanated, there was a better mode of
^testifying that consideration, and to which the
respectability of the petitioners entitled them on
the part of Congress. They remonstrated against
this war with Mexico on general grounds: that it
was against the laws of God to make war; that all
fighting is contrary to the divine law. Let the
petition, then, if it is intended to act upon it at
all, be referred to the appropriate committee, the
Committee on Military Affairs, or such committee
as had the most knowledge on the subject, to make
a respectful report on the subjcct, and try to satisfy
them that the war with Mexico was justifiable*
and that it was, in fact, the act of Mexico, and a
defensive war on our part. He could see no pro-
priety in printing the fhemonal unless they were
determined to act upon it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he did not doubt at
all the liberality of the Committee on Printing, or
the necessity for a restriction and limitation in the
matter of printing; but he thought there were some
circumstances attending this memorial which
should induce them to discriminate, and to deviate
a little from the rule usually observed. This me-
morial came from a very respectable and intelligent
body of people. It related to a subject of general
and public concern; and not only to a subject of
national concern, but of spiritual, of religions con-
ccrn. Cromwell suffered himself to be remonstra-
ted with, not only privately, but publicly and
openly, m regard to war; and why should the
Senate refuse to listen to a respectful remonstrance
from a respectable body of Christians, even though
it might be attended with the consequence of in-
creasing the printed documents of the Senate, or l
even of placing such remonstrance upon the Jour-
nal of the Senate? He hoped this mark of con-
sideration and respect would be paid to the peti-
tioners. He would be loth to refuse them the
indulgence of their dream of the universal peace of
nations. They desired to establish universal peace,
and such desire, chimerical though it might be,
marked at least a benevolence which entitled them
to respect, however little we had it in our power to
realize such anticipations. It was not this war
especially that they protested against; their prin-
ciples were opposed to all wars, to all fighting; not
from calculations of worldly loss or advantage, but
their opposition proceeded from a divine source.
It was the prayer which they made to every Gov-
ernment on earth, in respect to every war. Their
opposition was to war in general—to strife, and
contention, and bloodshed among men. This it
was against which they now offered their peaceful
and respectful prayer. He would say let their
remonstrance be printed, though it cost as much as
the celebrated map about which there had been so
much discussion this morning. The reason why
he perhaps felt a little more interest in this matter
than some other gentlemen did, was because, in a
day or two, he intended to present a petition simi-
lar in character, though coming from a somewhat
different source, and he intended to ask for its
printing. It was signed by some of his most re-
spectable constituents, and he might say some of
the most respectable and intelligent persons within
the whole United States. They asked for the
establishment of some tribunal which should be
charged with the settlement of national controver-
sies without a resort to war. His apology for not
presenting their petition when he had received it
at the close of the last session was, that he thought
it probable most of them were already on their way
to the Rio Grande to partake in this war. Their
feelings were in favor of peace, for they believed
it to be most agreeable to the God of humanity,
but they hesitated not to arm themselves in their
country's cause. Such were the sentiments enter-
tained by the good and illustrious Franklin. He
believed it to be inhuman and illegal for nations to
go to war. Without being able to concur in all
their views on this subject, he would give these
petitioners sy far an evidence of his respect, as to
print their memorial; and he hoped the Committee
on printing would so far exercise their discrimina-
tion as to make memorials of this description an
exception to their general rule for the limitation or
restriction on printing.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said he hoped-the Sen-
ate would adhere to its rules in regard to all memo-
rials of this nature. To depart from them would
be to give an undue importance to some memorials
over others. By looking back to what had here-
tofore been done, he believed it would be found
that there had been no instance in which such a
memorial had been presented to the Senate and had
not been printed. Last year, while the country
was alarmed by the apprehension of a warr this
same class of citizens forwarded similar memorials
from the States ofNcw York, Vermont, and Michi-
gan, and on that occasion he had made two distinct
motions to print the memorials, and there Was not
a solitary objection. He had then inquired what
was the usual course in regard to them, and was
told that it was to print them. Were they to re-
fuse now to print them it would undoubtedly be
looked upon as a mark of disrespect towards these
people, who were regarded on all hands as a highly
respectable body of men. There could be no pos-
sible harm in printing the memorial; but to refuse
to print would probably give offence to the petition-
ers. He hoped it would be printed.
Mr. SEVIER said it appeared to him to be a
matter of very trifling importance whether the
memorial should be printed or not. To be sure,
it was very respectful in its language, and came
from a very respectable source, and it merely
prayed for that which he supposed everybody was
anxious to see effected—the restoration of peace.
If there were any who were opposed to'peace he
did not know where they were to be found. He
was opposed to the printing, because if they began
the system of printing such documents, wheie
would it end ^ They would have to pay for print-
ing an immense mass of matter, which would never
be read. The petitions referred to by his friend
from Delaware were in regard to the anticipated
war about Oregon. They were presented when
there was no war, but the case was now entirely
different. He would care little about the printing,
one way or the other, were it not that it would
probably be hut the entering wedge to the admis-
sion of an infinite amount of printing of the same
kind. They would find their tables loaded daily
with petitions of a similar character. He thought
they had use for all the money they had in the
treasury, and he was not disposed to divert from
its legitimate uses some thousands of dollars,
which he apprehended it would amount to before
I they got thi'ough, and apply it to the printing of a
quantity of useless matter; giving no new light,
containing only what was known to all, desired
by all. These petitioner* did not stand alone in
their desire for peare; all were desirous for a res-
toration of peace, but they did not expect to ob-
tain it by printing petitions. It would be gained
only by fighting for it.
Mr. SIMMONS said the Senator from Arkansas
had referred to the former experience of the Senate
to justify the position he had taken; but the Sen-
ator would recollect that last year the committee
selected the memorials coming from the Society of
Friends and printed them without printing the or-
dinary petitions. As to the objection of the Sen-
ator, that a flood of other memorials would come
in, experience proved exactly the reverse. These
memorialists very seldom troubled Congress.. They
were a people not only most desirous of peace, but
they were the most peaceable people in the world.
They themselves set the example of peace. The
Senator from Florida seemed to suppose that there
was a better mode of showing respect to the peti-
tioners than by complying with their request that
their memorial should be printed. It was certainly
a modest and simple request, and he was at a loss
to know how they could better testify their respcct
for the memorialists than by complying with it.
Mr. NILES said this was "the day of small
things." First, they had a spirited debate respect-
ing the printing of a map of Florida, and now they
had an interesting debate in regard to the printing
of this small memorial. This debate was certainly
very important to the country, and he hoped the
reporters would be careful to take it all down.
He was sorry to see the Senate engaged in mat-
ters like these at a time when the country was un-
fortunately engaged in a war. Their constituents
would certainly conclude that all was well—that
there was nothing to be done. And the yeas and
