1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•73-
standing before the world. Those who considered
thehonor of the country as identical with conquest,
might consistently enough object to it as a conces-
sion to our enemy; but Mr. H. had more anxiety
as to the justice of our course arid the integrity of
the Constitution than thirst for additional regions,
lie thought we owed this fair declaration of our
purposes to ourselves, to the opinion of the world,
and the regard of all civilized nations. Let us
show to them that our purposes are just and honor-
able; that we waged this war only to obtain an
honorable and a permanent peace; and that we
disavowed all desire to seize the territory of a
neighboring nation.
There were many examples, (Mr. H. proceeded
to observe,) both in ancient and in modern times,
which were applicable to the existing state of our
affairs. Without multiplying citations, Mr. H.
would call the attention of gentlemen to one of the
leading events in modern history. He referred to S
the contest of England and her allies against the
conquering ambition of Prance, and which resulted
in the overthrow of the dominion of Napoleon.
After the close of the memorable campaign of 1813,
in which, at the great battle of Leipsic, the French
army was utterly routed, and its leader driven with
his shattered forces within the limits of the French
territory, England and her allies being then com-
pletely victorious, could dictate their own terms to
the vanquished warrior. Yet in a speech from the
throne, made in London, in November of the same
year, it was declared that England entertained no j
disposition to exact sacrifices from France which j
were inconsistent with her national honor and all
her just pretensions ; and that no such require-
ments should present an obstacle to a general peace
in Europe.
The British Parliament responded to the speech.
And after the French forces were driven into France,
and before the allies entered on the French soil,
they put forth a manifesto, expressive of their de-
sire that France should remain powerful and happy,
and'expressly disavowing all purpose of conquer-
ing any portion of territory legitimately pertaining
to that kingdom. If to the pride of England and
of all Europe in arms, when invading a country ;
they had subdued, it did not appear to be against \
their honor to make such a declaration, could it be
inconsistent with the honor of the United States,
and the dignified position they occupied before the
nations of the world, for them, in like manner,
after all their triumphs, to declare that they waged
the war, not to dismember Mexico, but to obtain
their just dues, establish their true boundary, and
secure their national rights against future aggres-
sion ? Such a declaration would carry with it a
mighty moral influence: it would unite our people
in the wai: it would quiet the fears of those who
were now inclined to suspect and to fear the results
of the contest. In his opinion, it would accelerate
negotiations, and lead to an early termination of
difficulties.
Mr. H. had voted the supplies asked for by
ficulties and embarrassments of the Administra-
tion greatly increased. A declaration that our
purposes were defensive, and not aggressive, would
give confidence, procure new aid to the Govern-
ment, and shorten the conflict.
In these brief remarks, Mr. H. had purposely
and carefully abstained from all partisan views.
He had endeavored to divest himself of all partisan
feelings; and yet he had not shrunk from a fearless
declaration of his real sentiments. He desired no
party appeal, no party advantage. He asked the
majority here to make an open official declaration,
how far they meant to carry on this war, and for
what 'objects.
Mr. H. had prepared an amendment, which he
wished at the proper time to offer, and which he
hoped would prevail. He would have it read at
this time for information. Standing as he did in a
minority here, without power, and holding the
political majority responsible for the measures of
Government, with all their consequences, he felt no
disposition to offer propositions which were un-
acceptable to them. But this amendment embodied
his own sentiments, and he hoped it might receive
the concurrence of a majority of the House.
Mr. H. then sent to the Clerk's table an amend-
ment which proposes to add to the resolution re-
ferring the President's message the following:
" With instructions to report a declaration, by
' resolution or otherwise, to the effect—
" That the war with Mexico shall be prosecuted,
' not with a view to conquest or to dismember the
' territory of Mexico, as recognised by us ante bel-
' lurn; but to establish a just line of boundary, and
' to secure an honorable adjustment of all pending
' differences."
Mr. BAYLY then obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee. He said: I rejoice that
this debate has arisen at this early period of the
session. It will bring the minds of the American
people distinctly to bear upon the causes in which
tiiis war has originated, and to the manner in
which it has been conducted. This investigation
will enable the people to form an enlightened opin-
ion in reference to the whole subject; and I under- j
take to prcdict that that opinion will include an
utter condemnation of those who have attempted
to make party capital out of it against the Admin-
istration. After the very clear and satisfactory
exposition of the causes of this war, and of the
manner in which it has been conducted, contained
in the President's message, I had hoped that parly
clamor, here and elsewhere, would have been
silenced. But notwithstanding, we have the hue-
and-cry raised in this Hall. I desire, Mr. Chair-
man, as fully as the brief hour allotted me will
enable me, to examine the main positions which
have been taken against the Administration during
this debate. As I understand the grounds of as-
sault upon the Administration, they may be sum-
med up under four heads. First, that the Presi-
dent has unnecessarily brought on this war by
refusing to treat with Mexico, as it is alleged she
the Executive, and wished to do so still: but he ,j wanted us to do, in regard to the question of bound-
' ' ' ' - -1- ' ■ 11 ' ' ary alone, and by insisting, upon not separating
wanted to do it on such conditions as would be
in conformity with the will of the people, and !
with the principles of national morality, justice, j
and honor. He was against all war for robbery or j
conquest, disguise it as they would. But lie stood |
ready to cooperate with those who felt most anx- :
iety for an honorable termination of the war, by j
the settlement of all our difficulties with Mexico, j, ,,
and the establishment of a just and permanent jLMexico. Lastly, that he has been guilty of usur-
boundary. Ypation in the establishment of civil government in
It was complained by gentlemen that there wasij the territory which we have conquered. I desire
among our people a division of sentiment in regard rj- to reply to the grounds that have been taken on
to the war. Would they then unite the people ? ]'• each of these points.
Would they have them all as one man ? Let them 
that question from our other causes of quarrel with
Mexico. Second, that he precipitated a war by
marching our army to the Rio Grande, within
the disputed territory. Third—and it was a new
ground taken by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis]—that the President was guilty of
treason, in permitting the return of Santa Ana to
proclaim just and honorable ends, and these only j
as intended by the war; and that, as soon as peace i
could be obtained on fair terms, the wet should not j
be continued in order to force Mexico into the sur- j
render of a large portion of her territory. Let ,
tlieni openly and utterly renounce all schemes of'
rapacity. If they wanted money, (and no doubt i
the Government would soon be endeavoring to ne- j
gotiate large loans for the war expenses,) let them j
give the people some declaratory pledge that this
war was not to be interminable, but was waged
for direct and practical purposes. Mr. H. did not
say that we could not continue to seize and hold
Mexican provinces in our military possession; but
it would only tend to put off the peace, while our
taxes must be indefinitely augmented, and the dif-
And first, as to the refusal of the Executive to
ministration, such as ought to be visited only upon
such unpatriotic conduct. In order to appreciate
the character of the wrongs which we have received
at the hands of Mexico, it is necessary that I
should go back a little. From the first dawn of
Mexican independence down to a very late period,
she has been receiving nothing but favors and
kindness at our hands. We have experienced
nothing in return but perfidy and ingratitude. She
had no sooner declared her independence of Spain
than the sympathy of our Government and people
were strongly manifested in her behalf—so strongly,
indeed, that it was with difficulty our neutrality
could be preserved. Our citizens, in spite of their
Government, flocked to her standard; and as Mr.
Webster told the Mexican Government in a late
despatch of his, it was in part, if not principally,
by the valor of American citizens that she had
been enabled to effect her independence. We
were the first to invite her into the family of na-
tions. But she had no sooner taken her place
there than all the sympathy, encouragement, and
aid which we had extended, was requited by the
grossest outrages upon the rights of our people.
Mexico had scarcely declared her independence
before she passed a law, by which it was provided
that all foreigners who came to establish them-
selves within her limits should be considered as
naturalized, "should they exercise any useful pro-
' fession or industry, by which, at the end of three
1 years, they have a capital to support themselves,
' and are married. Those who, with the foregoing
' qualifications, marry Mexicans, will acquire par-
'ticular merit for theobtaining letters of citizenship."
By another law, all the instruments of husbandry,
machinery, and other utensils that areintroduced by
the colonists for their use, are allowed to be import-
ed free of duty, "as also merchandise introduced by
each family, to the extent of two thousand dol-
lars." Stimulated by the allurements thus held
out, large numbers of foreigners, particularly from
the United States, emigrated to that inviting coun-
try. Thus enticed into the country, upon every ■
principle, not only of international law, but of
natural justice, they were entitled to protection.
But in the case of American citizens going to
Mexico for the purposes of trade and commerce,
without any intention of expatriating themselves,
we did not choose to leave their protection to
mere comity. We entered into a solemn treaty to
secure it. The third article of the treaty between
the United States and Mexico, of April 5, 1831,
provides that " the citizens of the two countries
' respectively shall have liberty freely and securely
' to come with their vessels and cargoes to all such
' places, ports, and rivers of the United States of
' America, and of the United Mexican States, to
' which other foreigners are permitted to come,
' and to remain and reside m any part of the said
' territories respectively; * * * and generally
' the merchants and traders of each nation shall
' enjoy the most complete protection and security
' for their commerce." Article 14th: "Both the
1 contracting parties promise and engage to give
' their special protection to the citizens of each
. 1 other who may be in their territories,"&c. Arti-
' cle 15th: " The citizens of the United States of
I ' America, residing in the United Mexican States,
I ' shall enjoyin their houses, persons, and property,
|' the protection of the government, with the more
j' perfect security and liberty of conscience." Thus
j it will seem that as far as our citizens were con-
| cerned, " protection of the government" and "per-
i feet security" were guarantied to them; first, by
the law of nations; and secondly, by a positive
| treaty stipulation; yet they had no sooner got into
Mexico, and by their industry and skill accumu-
lated fortune enough to make them an object of
separate our other grounds of quarrel with Mexico i1 plunder, than the State authorities—not lawless
from the question concerning the boundaiy. To |i citizens of the republic—commenced a most out-
enable us to form a correct opinion upon this point, j1 rageous series of wrongs upon them. I wish that
it is necessary that we should inquire into the char- j: I could refer to all these individual cases of out-
acter of the wrongs which we have suffered at the j rage and wrong. There is scarcely one that is not
hands of that nation; and I regret that in the short I! marked by an atrocity at which humanity shud-
time given to me, I shall be unable to go but im- ;, ders. There was one case, that of Dr. Baldwin, so
perfectly into this part of the argument. I use a I marked by open violation of treaty obligation, and
strong expression when I say that I lament that :i the common law of humanity, that I may perhaps
such is the case; because I undertake to say that jj call on the Clerk to read it before I conclude, if
whenever our causes of complaint against Mexico there be time. I have purposely omitted reference
are laid in their full length and breadth before the I j to the national insults which ha\ e been perpetrated
people of this country, and they are fully under- j \ upon us by Mexico, numerous as they are, because
stood and appreciated, a feeling of indignation will ij they are in part already all known to the country,
be excited against those who have undertaken to |j But all these have been insults of the most aggra-
make party capital out of the war, against the Ad- 1 vated character, of which to this day no expiana-
