74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
"tion or reparation has been made. But it is to the
individual cases that I would now more particu-
larly refer. I have alluded to the case of Dr.
Baldwin. I would now refer to another, in which
Frenchmen and Americans were alike concerned;
and before I conclude I hope to be able to show to
the committee the difference in the treatment which
they severally received at-the hands of Mexico.
" In December, 1835, a Mexican officer of the
' name of Jose Antonio Mexia landed at Tampico
' with a body of men under the Mexican flag. His
' unfortunate associates had been inveigled into
'•accompanying him by false representations as to
' their destination, and the object of the expedition.
' Among them were several foreigners, the larger
'number of whom were Americans. They fell
' into the hands of Santa Ana. The foreigners,
' including eighteen citizens of the United States,
' were, without trial, ordered for execution, and
' inhumanly murdered, while the Mexican part of
' them were not punished. Two Frenchmen ac-
'companied this expedition, and were among the
' victims; and for this illegal and inhuman murder,
' France exacted of Mexico such atonement as she
' thought proper to demand. None has ever been
' made to the Government of the United States, or
' to the families of these unhappy victims of Mexi-
' can perfidy and Mexican cruelty." The charac-
ter of these wrongs was such, that it was impossi-
ble for our Government to submit to them. And
all the arts of diplomacy were exhausted to pro-
cure redress. Failing in it, General Jackson,
always sensitive to his country's rights and honor,
transmitted to Congress the message, an extract
from which I have not time to read, but which has
been referred to in the President's message. No
reparation being made, the subject was again
brought to the consideration of Congress by Mr.
Van Buren. The President, in his late message,
has alieady informed you what Mr. Van Buren
said on the subject. He has quoted also what the
committees of the House said on it. But there is
one report—that of Mr. Howard—to which he
has not referred, in which itis stated that for some
of the very wrongs which we had received at the
hands of Mexico, where subjects of France and
England were concerned, as well as American citi-
zens, full reparation had been made to the former;
and the reason why justice was done to them when
refused to us, was that the executives of France
and England who could threaten war if justice
were refused, could also declare war; but that the
Mexican people knew that our Executive could
do nothing more than threaten ! The Mexican
people knew from the history of our country that
whenever the Executive came here to ask us to
vindicate its rights, there were always persons
found ready to raise a clamor against this Gov-
ernment, and to put it in the wrong. Thus the
Mexican Government reasoned, and thus they
were led to withhold that justice to us which they
were obliged to give to others. But the tone of
the message was so decided—the opinions express-
ed by the committees of Congress were so decided
also—that the Mexican Government began to fear
that repaiation could not longer be safely delayed;
and in 1837 they sent an agent to treat with this
Government. A treaty was entered into, by one
of the articles of which the King of Prussia was
made umpire. This treaty provided that ratifica-
tions should be exchanged in five months. The
Mexican Government utterly refused to ratify, on
the fiivolous, and I beg leave to add, the "false
pietext, that the King of Prussia would not act as
umpire. I say a frivolous pretext, because, in a
treaty for the settlement of claims, the refusal of
an umpire to act was no reason for setting aside
the whole treaty; and I say false, because, on the
subject of the treaty which was negotiated, the
King of Prussia did act, and acted without one
word of murmur. Well, a second treaty was
made, by which the claims were to be settled in
eighteen months. The commissioners met; and
as the Mexicans threw in every difficulty, pro-
longed and procrastinated, they did everything
they could to prevent the settlement of any ques-
tion, until at last the commission expired before
one-half of the cases of claims had been even con-
sidered. And yet the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hudson] comes forward .here, and in
his apology for Mexico he says it is unjust and
improper to go back to these wrongs, for she has
acknowledged them, and granted satisfaction!
Look to what our public officers have said on the
subject. I wish I had time, but I fear I shall not,
to refer in detail to what Mr. Marcy and Mr.
Breckenridge said of the conduct of these commis-
sioners; and also to what Mr. Upshur and Mr.
Webster said. The commissioners have abso-
lutely put every judicial proceeding at defiance.
When, under the stipulations of the treaty, they
were required to produce documents to establish
claims, they produced false documents; and, then,
after breaking up the convention, laid violent hands
upon these false documents, and carried them off
against all the remonstrances of our Secretary
of State—absolutely going into the department
and bearding our Secretary in a manner to which
no American, with his heart in the right place,
could have submitted! I have here what Daniel
Webster said, but it is too long to read. I may
hand it to the reporters. But he characterizes the
conduct of the commissioners as being little less
atrocious than that of the Government, in delaying
so long the settlement of these claims. We have
hundreds upon hundreds of those claims—it is
believed to the amount of eight millions—upon
that Government, but which Mexico has never
even pretended to settle. And yet the gentleman
comes here, and attempts to excuse the conduct of
Mexico. He says that she has acknowledged
these debts; that she has not paid them, only be-
cause of her inability. Let the gentleman and
the public look to the records and see whether
this advocacy of the conduct of Mexico does not
absolutely go to the extent of falsifying our pub-
lic documents ! I assert that it does. Well, this
was the character of our claims upon Mexico
when our Minister was sent there on a mission of
peace to treat with her. The gentleman says that
the Mexican Government had consented to reeeive
a commissioner to treat on the subject of Texas,
and that it was wrong in our Government to refuse
to disconnect that question and our other claims.
In the first place, I utterly deny the truth of the
remark, that the consent of the Mexican Govern-
ment was confined to a commission covering mere-
ly the question of boundary. The inquiry pro-
posed to the Mexican Government was, whether
they would receive a Minister to treat of all the
causes of difficulty? I cannot stop to read the
document, but that is its import. The response
was in the affirmative; only a contemptible quib-
ble was afterwards made, when it was found that
the offers of negotiation with us on all disputes
was endangering the administration of Hen-era.
Then it was by a quibble asserted that the propo-
sition to treat referred to Texas alone. But sup-
pose it was true: could the Executive, without the
greatest impropriety, have agreed to have waived
the only real cause of quarrel between the two
nations, and to confine the negotiation to an imagi-
naiy question alone ? In reference to this Texas
question—it has been shown so often, that repe-
tition is inexcusable—the cause of complaint on
the part of Mexico was of the most flimsy and
unsubstantial character. Upon that point we had
nothing or little to settle, except the mere question
of boundary. Could .our Government, without
the greatest impropriety, for that question have
waived those numerous and weighty cases in
which redress had been repeatedly sought ? No,
sir. It was impossible that the Government could
have separated these questions, and so the country
will decide.
But it is said that this war was produced, in the
second place, in consequence of the orderof the Pre-
sident to our army to take up its position on the
Rio Grande, opposite Matamoros. Then the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] yesterday
undertook to controvert the truth of the remark
which the President had made, that Mexico had
never based her war upon us on such grounds. I
am prepared to show, Mr. Chairman, that Mexico
never pretended that that was the cause of her at-
tack on our citizens. She could not have set up
any such pretence. The dates would have con-
victed her; and I beg gentlemen, when they raise
this clamor, not to forget the dates. On the 12th
of March the government of Paredes, m a sort of
official despatch, had declared most positively that
there was nothing left to Mexico but a recourse to
arms against the United States. That was on the
12th. But our army never took up its line of
march from Corpus Christi till the 11th, the day
before, when it was utterly impossible that the
Mexican Government should have known of that
movement. This is an important point; and, not-
withstanding my dislike to read, I will here quote
from the documents. [Mr. B. here read the official
despatches.] And yet gentlemen tell me that it
was the march of this army to the Rio Grande
which produced the war. The army did not reach
Matamoros until the 28th of March. On the 4th
of April, sooner than it was possible that the
Mexican Government could have heard that it was
there, they had issued their orders commanding
their generals to attack us by every means that
war allowed. Yet their advocates on this floor
come here and say that it was the marching of the
army to the Rio Grande that produced the war;
when it is a fact that before that could possibly
have been known to them the Mexican Govern-
ment had issued orders to attack us by every means
in their power. These orders had been issued up-
wards of 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, X 
Mr. BAYLY. I will not give way.
Mr. DAVIS. I say that 
Mr. BAYLY. I do not mean to be interrupted.
If he desires a personal explanation, he can have
it out of this Hall. I will not be interrupted in my
argument. The gentleman refused to give way
yesterday, and with what presumption, then, does
he come here and ask others to give way to him !
Mr. DAVIS. The reason 
Mr. BAYLY. I will not yield the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I state [" Order, order."]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is aware that the gentleman from Virginia is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. I claim 
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman should not make
false references to me. [" Order, order."]
Mr. BAYLY. Does he mean to say that I made
a false reference ?
Mr. DAVIS. I mean what I said.
Mr. BAYLY. It is false I [The reporter is not
certain, however, as to the expression here used.]
The argument is rather hard to answer, Mr. Chair-
man, and the attempt is made to throw me off my
guard. But I am not thus to be driven from the
line of argument which I am pursuing. I say that
Mexico had declared her purpose to attack our
army before the order to march on the Rio Grande
had been given. I say that orders had been given
to her commanders to attack us before she could
possibly have heard that our army was in that
position; and yet we are told that it was the
march of our army to the Rio Grande that pro-
duced the war! Well, I do not mean to go into
the question which the gentleman from Kentucky
has so elaborately argued about the boundary.
; He admits that it was in dispute. That's suf-
j ficient for my purpose. He says that it was left
| by the resolutions of annexation an open ques-
' tion. That's enough for my purpose. Mexico
i had refused to treat with us. She had threat-
ened war. She had told us that war was the only
alternative left to Mexieo. It was known that
Herrera had been overthrown in conscqucnce of
the offer—or rather the suspicion of offering—to
negotiate with us; and yet, with this absolute cer-
tainty that war had commenced, were we to stand
still and allow the disputed territory to be occupied
; by the enemy? War was inevitable; and the. Gov-
| ernment of the United States, in taking possession
i of the territory, acted clearly in the right.
j But my time is passing so fast, that I must dis-
! miss this topic, and, without discussing it so fully
: as I desire, proceed at once to the third ground of •
accusation. It is that the President was guilty of
treason, in permitting the return of Santa Ana.
We were told yesterday, that in the very act of
treating with Paredes, the President was secretly
plotting with his enemy; and that, in this contest
between Santa Ana and Paredes, he had taken
part with Santa Ana, the bloody tyrant. The
President h#s detailed the circumstances of this
case. It was utterly impossible for him to pre-
vent the return of Santa Ana. Santa Ana returned
in a British steamer—in a neutral vessel. Who
that knows anything of the law of nations needs to
be told that the President could not have intercepted
Santa Ana? The vessel was free from search. But
' why should he have -prevented his return ? The
i gentleman says he was taking part with Paredes
I m permitting it I Now, all the President did was
to refuse to take part with Paredes. When the
sworn enemy of this country had come into power
' in Mexico, pledged to prosecute the war against
i us, Santa Ana was plotting his downfall; and yet
