1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
the gentleman [Mr. Davis] would have had us
interpose and preserve Paredes from his enemy !
He would have had us interpose, for the purpose
of preventing intestine feuds and discord in the
heart of our enemy's nation ! I would like to know
by what rule of law or honor we were bound to
prevent intestine commotion in the enemy's coun-
try.
But I must leave this silly point of assault, and
hasten to the next; and that is, that the Presi-
dent has been an usurper, in establishing civil gov-
ernment, or in authorizing the establishment of
civil government, in the conquered territory. I
think the message of the President, received yes-
terday, has given the quietus to that ground of
complaint. I am here prepared, after a full exami-
nation of the subject, to say, that the most learned
civilian could not have pursued a more accurate
and legal course than has the Administration with
regard to this matter. I should say nothing on
this point, if it were not for the very erroneous
views which have been taken in this debate of the
rights and duties of a conquering nation—views
which, proceeding from this Hall, are calculated
to produce erroneous impressions on the public
mind. The laws and practices of nations leave
very little room for doubt on these points. By
them the rights and duties of a conquerer are clearly
ascertained and defined. The Powers of the earth
have so often been called upon to act upon them,
that it could not well be otherwise. The title of
almost all the nations of Europe to the territory
now possessed by them in that quarter of the globe
was acquired by conquest. When one nation con-
quers and possesses itself of the territory of an-
other, the conquering nation succeeds to all the
right3 and duties of the conquered; and whilst its
possession continues, there is a substitution of the
jurisdiction and authority of the one for that of the
other. Relative to the extent of the rights of prop-
erty acquired by conquest, there is room for as
little doubt. We acquire the rights of the con-
quered nation, whatever they are. Let us sec
what ordinarily is the extent of them:
" Tile i iglit of the State to its public property or domain
it, absolute, and excludes that of its own subjects, as well
as other nations. The national proprietary rijiht, m respect
to those things belonging to private individuals or bodies
corporate within its territorial limits, is absolute, as far a? it
excludes that of other nations ; but m respect to the mem-
bers ot the State, it is paramount only, and foims what is
called tile eminent domain."—Wkeaton's Law of Nations,
p. 208.
* These are the rights to which a conquering na-
tion succeeds. It succeeds to rights in public real
property, however subject to the doctrine of "jus
post liminii," as well as the doctrine of " uti possi-
detis." In respect to the rights of the State to its
public real property or domain', the conquering
nation acquires a right which is absolute, except
so far as it is impaired by the "jus post liminii."
As soon as a conquest is made, the doctrines of
" jus post liminii" and " uti possiditis," immedi-
ately apply. According to the latter doctrine:
l< Tliis treaty of peace leaves everything in the state in
which it found it, unless there he some express stipulation
to the contiary. The existing state of possessionis maintain-
ed, except so fur as altered by the terms of treaty. If nothing
be said about the conquered countries or places, they remain
with the conqueror, and his title cannot afterwards be called
in question. During the continuance ot the war, the con-
nut roi in possession has only an usufructuary right: and the
latent ntle of the former sovereign continues until the treaty
ofpeacp,bv its silent operation, or express provisions, ex-
tinguishes "his title lorever."— Wheaton's Law of Nations,
■p. 5'i2.
According to the former, that is, the "jus post
liminii," the title acquired in war to real property
must be confirmed by a treaty of peacc, or long
and permanent possession, before it can be con-
sidered completely valid; for until such treaty, or
until the territory is abandoned by its original
sovereign, the territory is constantly liable to re-
conquest, upon which the original sovereign owner
would be restored to the possession oihis domin-
ions; and all intermediate alienations, except to a
neutral, would be avoided. But
"The 'jus post liminii' is a riijht which belongs exclusively
to a state of war; and therefore a transfer to a neutiai, be-
fore the peace, even without a judicial sentence or condem-
nation. is valid, if there lias been no leeovery or reeaptuie
before "the peacc. The intervention of peace covers all
defects of title, and vests a lawful possession in the lieutial,
in the same manner as it quiets the title of the hostile captor
himself."—Whcalon's Law of Nations.
And here I desire to call the attention of the
House to a distinction, which, during this debate,
seems to have been lost sight of, viz: the difference
of the rights which a conquering nation acquires
to real property, held by the State, and such as
has been granted to private individuals. Accord-
ing to the laws of nations, as modified in modern
times, the latter is free from confiscation in ordi-
nary cases, and over it the conqueror only acquires
the eminent domain. But the title of such as is
still held by the State passes absolutely to the con-
queror, subject, however, to the " jus post lirMnii."
The American and English judicial decisions are
entirely in accordance with these doctrines. In
the case of " The Foltina," (Dodson's Admiralty
Reports, p. 450,) that great jurist, Sir W. Scott,
decided most of these principles; but before I pro-
ceed to quote his judgment, permit me to say it
has been quoted and adopted by Judge Story in
the case United States vs. Hayward, which was
subsequently followed by the case of Rice, decided
unanimously by the Supreme Court of the United
States. In the case referred to, Sir W. Scott—
who was, let me here remark, in all respects of
legal attainment, superior, in my judgment, to Lord
Eldon—delivered his opinion very fully. [Mr. B.
here read from this opinion.] The only difference
whatever between the rights of a nation in a coun-
try which it has conquered, even duringits military
possession of it', and before peace, and in its origi-
nal possessions, is, that in the former, in the case of j
recapture or recession in the treaty of peace— j
unless in it it is otherwise provided—all interme- !
diate acts of the conquering sovereigns are super- ;
seded and avoided. But if in the treaty of peace ;
the territory is retained; or if, without any such J
treaty, the possession becomes permanent, then j
they are confirmed. This is the law as to real
property. As to personal property, it is different.
The title of the captor to this species of property is
considered complete against the original owner after
twenty-four hours, in respect to booty on land. The
same rule was originally considered as applicable to
captures at sea; but the more modern doctrine re-
quires, in respect to them, a formal condemnation
as a prize of war in order to preclude the rightof the
original owner. Of course I speak here of public
property. Under modern usaje, private property
on land is respected. In this there has been a
great modification of the. law of nations, in modern 1
times. In ancient times both the moveable and '
immoveable property of the vanquished passed to !
the conqueror. Such was the Roman law; and ;
even things which were called "res sacrat" were i
not exempt from capture and confiscation. And !
as late as the conquest of England by William of
Normandy, the greater part of the lands were
even partitioned and divided among the conquerors.
In modern times, private property on land is ex-
empt from confiscation, with the exception of such
as may become booty in special cases, when taken |
from the enemy in the field or in besieged towns, j;
and by military contributions levied upon the in- J
habitants of the hostile territory. This is the law i;
applicable to this subject; and from it the House ||
can clearly see what rights we have acquired by |j
conquest. 1 hope and believe that our title to none l!
of the property and territory we have taken will ij
be relinquished' by a treaty of peace, or otherwise, j|
until all of our just claims on Mexico are satisfied. j;
As we have gone to war, let us settle all of our dif- j'
fercnces, so that when we have peace it may be !
permanent. So much as to our rights. Let us j
next consider what are our duties. They originate |
in humanity and are defined by the laws of na- |
tions. The first of these duties is to our own citi-
zens. It is to secure our conquests, purchased at j.
the price of our blood, until the objects of the war j
are accomplished—until reparation of injuries is |
made; in this case, until all the just claims of our 1
citizens are provided for, and the expenses of the j
war which has been forced upon us are paid. The ;
second of these duties is to accomplish these pur-
poses with as great a regard to humanity, and with j
as little injury"to individuals, as possible. In obc- ;
dience to this duty we are required to establish 1
temporary civil governments—or rather "gtircsi" '
civil governments—civil in their form and rules of
proceeding, and military in their origin; establish- .
ed to protect the rights of persons and property of
! the vanquished during the military occupancy of
j the country. The right, nay the duty, to establish
1 such government involves the right to determine j
j upon its form. What it shall be is purely a mat-
! ter of expediency and convenience. Upon princi- !
i pie, it would seem that it ought to be assimilated, \
! as near as possible, to the forms of the conquering \
I nation. As in all wars by land, the aequisi-l
tion of territory is looked to as probable, the*
sooner the people are introduced to the form of
government under which they are in future to live
the better. And the vanquished have no right
to complain, but rather to be grateful, when the
form adopted is not worse than the one su-
perseded. And even when it is worse, they must
submit to it as the fortune of war. Of course
complaints for the others in the first case are purely
gratuitous. And it is something worse, when, as
in this case, persons enjoying the benefit of free
institutions complain that they are extended to
others, in place of irregular and revolutionary es-
tablishments scarcely deserving the names of sys-
tems or institutions at all. This is the law as laid
down by elementary writers, and it is strictly In
accordance with the practice of nations; and among
them, of our own. When we took Upper Canada
in the late war, General Harrison issued his proc-
lamation under the instructions of President Madi-
son, who so profoundly versed in interna-
tional law, m which, it is true, he continued all
civil officers in the exercise of their functions, but
required of them an oath of fidelity to the Uuited
States. No one will dispute that all these officers
held their office and derived their authority from
the United States; and General Harrison's proc-
lamation was nothing more than a wholesale ap-
pointment of them. This was done from conve-
nience. But the same power which authorized
him to appoint these persons, would have authori-
zed him to appointany others; and whom he should
appoint was purely a matter of expediency and
convenience. Suppose any of these officers had
' refused to take the oath of fidelity and serve? Can
any one doubt that the commanding general might
and would have appointed others? The civil offi-
cers whom he appointed by wholesale in the way
we have seen were the inferior officers, as will
appear from the proclamation itself; for it speaks
of " the officer" who is to administer the govern-
ment as to be appointed by the commanding gen-
eral. I have never heard of t\ny complaint of this
proclamation. Even amid all the mad and un-
patriotic opposition to Mr. Madison's administra-
tion—even when then, as now, impeachment was
threatened from Massachusetts—I never heard of
tins proclamation being produced as justifying it.
That has been left for these days. Again, when
the British forces took possession of Michigan,
Colonel Proctor established a civil government
there, and proclaimed a governor. The second
article of his regulations of a civil government
was in these words: " 2d. The civil executive
' powers shall be exercised by a civil governor.
' The civil governor shall appoint to all civil offices,
' which are or shall be vacant, and shall take care
' that the laws be faithfully executed." In the 6th
article, he says: "The undersigned will act as
Governor for the time being;" and signs himself
Henry Proctor, Colonel. Yfhen the enemy were
driven from the territory, Gen. Harrison found it
necessary to proclaim '* that all appointments and
commissions derived from British officers are at an
end." Now, I have never heard that there was
any irregularity in all this. Yet a great clamor
has been raised against the Administration for
having authorized no more, as the facts laid before
us on yesterday will show. But it is contended
that although it was proper to establish civil gov-
ernments in the teiritories for the protection of the
rights of persons and property of the inhabitants
pending the war, yet that the authority to do it is
vested in Congress, and not in the President. No
one has contended, nor does the President claim
to have authorized those acts in virtue of his func-
tion as the civil executive. What he has done
he did as the commander-in-chief. Although the
offices of President and commander-in-chief aie
held by the same person, the offices themselves are
distinct—as much so as if they were held by dif-
ferent individuals. In establishing these civil gov-
ernments he has but executed, as commander-in-
chief, the duties which the Jaw of nations impose,
the obligation of which upon all our public func-
tionaries and citizens is recognised by the Consti-
! tution itself in the clause conferring upon Con-
; gress the power to punish offences against them.
, It is true the President must exercise the functions
: in question in subordination to Congress. The
Constitution vests it with the power "to make
i rules concerning captures on land or water;" "to
make rules for the government and regulation of
! the land and naval forces," and also confers upon
i !
