1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
time when the movement of our army could not
have been known. The war therefore was com-
menced by Mexico, without a knowledge of the
movement of our army, and altogether independ-
ently of it. It would have been prosecuted with-
out that movement as certainly as with it. The
President only believed this from the indications
mentioned. The event has vindicated his sagacity.
His foresight was clear; his energy and fearless-
ness were equal to the occasion; the promptness
of his measures preserved the honor of our coun-
try and the fame of our arms.
It has been said this movement of the army,
though the territory may have been clearly ours,
was imprudent and calculated to provoke the enemy
to hostilities; and, in short, that it did cause the first
acts of war. The pointing of the guns of our fort
upon the town of Matamoros, is mentioned as
an aggravating circumstance. But this position
cannot possibly be true. The Mexican general
acted from previous orders of his Government.
By those orders he must have attacked the army
at Corpus Christi, if it had remained there. No
provocation of any kind was given. General
Taylor, by order of our Government, proclaimed
his intentions to be peaceable, and the Adminis-
tration had been, and still was, at all times ready
and willing to negotiate a settlement of the unfor-
tunate difficulties. The appearance of the Mexi-
can army on the opposite side of the river might
as well have been supposed to be a provocation
for our army to cross that river, as the reverse.
Commanding generals do not act upon such con-
siderations—they usually act in pursuance of orders
from their superiors. Entering the territory be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande could not
have been the provocation which produced war,
for still another reason than those sufficient ones
already given. Mexico claimed all Texas, and
went to war for it all. Such has been her constant
declaration. At no time, to my knowledge, has
she contended for this little strip of territory alone,
or made this the ostensible pretext for her attack
upon our army. It has been left for American
statesmen to find out this grave objection against
their own Government.
I think, sir, I have proved that this war was
inevitable by the determination of Mexico, and
was not in any way produced by the movement
of our army. But it is common for gentlemen on
the other side to assert, that the war might have
been avoided. I have heard no argument 111 sup-
port of this declaration. I ask any of those gen-
tlemen to show, if they can, in what manner and
by what means this pacific result could have been
obtained. Doubtless if we had submitted to Mexi-
can aggressions without indemnity—if we had also
surrendered up the whole of Texas to the tender
mercies of that semi-barbarous people, peace might
have been secured. But would anything short of
this have done it ? Will any gentleman say that
if we had offered to surrender the territory be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Bravo, that would
have conciliated Mexico ? Where is the evidence
of it ? There is none; there can be none. Mexico
refused to treat on that subject. Clearly foresee-
ing this war, as he did, what was the duty and
the power of the President in this coming emer-
gency ? By the Constitution, he was clothed with
power to use the army and navy to repel invasion.
It was his duty to send the army to the threatened
quarter, to be in leadiness. This would have been
his duty, sir, if he had been satisfied that we our-
selves had provoked the war which was inevitably
coming; but much more so, when the provocation
and the wrong were all on the other side, and
when we had vainly used every effort to avoid the
struggle. It is here, sir, that the justice of our
general cause of war becomes material, in consid-
ering the action of the Executive. I grant that the
justice and sufficiency of our cause of war, is a
question wholly distinct from that of the propriety
and legality of the movement of the army ordered
by the President. Yet these questions cannot be
entirely separated. The greater the outrages of
Mexico against us, the grosser the insults given,
and the more palpable the determination of Mexico
to bring on a war, the more urgent was the neces-
sity for the President to be vigilant and active in
those preparations which the laws authorized him
to make. My honorable colleague [Mr. Gentry]
said, as reported in the National Intelligencer, "he
( did not controvert the position that for these out-
* rages we had good cause for war against Mexico
* long ago; and if the President had openly brought
4 them before Congress, and recommended war on
4 that ground, he did not know but he might have
' been m favor of it." Well, sir, according to this
admission, we had good cause of war against Mex-
ico; and she had actually determined to make war
upon us. The strongest possible motives of patri-
otism and duty required the President, under the
pressure of this emergency, to use ail his consti-
tutional power to place the country in the best
possible position for a successful defence. Where
should he have placed the army? The left bank
of the Rio Bravo was the only proper position.
Admit for a moment that the territory there was
in dispute, and the right unsettled. This, I believe,
is the most contended for by those who condemn
the Administration. Still, sir, it was no act of
hostility to take peaceable possession of the dis-
puted territory. It was no usurpation on the part
of the President; for the territory, being claimed
by us, and being in dispute, might legally and
constitutionally be considered ours, quoad hoc, for
the purpose ot placing the army there, in order to
repel invasion. This being a part of the very mat-
ters in dispute, a part of the thing for which war
was about to be waged, every consideration of pru-
dence and policy demanded of the Executive to
possess this territory, in anticipation of invasion,
to prevent the enemy from gaining the advantage
which its possession would have given him. He
would have been grossly culpable not to have done
so. Mexico claimed all Texas, and had deter-
mined to go to war for it. We claimed Texas to
the Rio Bravo. It was as much a hostile aet on
the part of the President to place our army on any
part of the Texan soil, as to have ordered them
where he did; for the whole was equally and alike
in dispute between the two Powers. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts quotes from the orders
of the Secretary of War and the letters of General
Taylor, to show that some few Mexican troops
were on this side of the river. This was only the
stronger reason why, in the existing state of things,
we should also have occupied the country with our ;
tioops. It would have been unpardonable folly |
and imbecility, to suffer the enemy alone to occupy i
the disputed territory. We should then have been 1
under the necessity of conquering it from them. |
We should not have been m so favorable a posi- j
tion to strike an effective and decisive blow, and j
to save that territory. By the movement in ques-
tion, a great point was gained: we were ready to
meet the enemy on the frontier, without having
first to conquer the disputed territory from him. I
contend, therefore, that the movement was legal,
patriotic, and wise.
I believe these positions to be impregnable. But
suppose I am wrong, and the President committed
an error, (which is by no means admitted,) it was
at least a patriotic one. It leaned to the cause of
our country, and was powerful in the maintenance
of her rights. Besides, it is clear, that if this sup-
posed error had not been committed, the war would
stiU have been unavoidable; and the only differ-
ence would have been, that we should have acted
under less favorable circumstances, with less power
to strike an effective blow upon the enemy. A true ;•
friend of his country would not very narrowly and h
captiously scan the measures of the President, j'
adopted under these circumstances, with the best j
result, for the protection of his country's rights ,,
against a treacherous enemy. The question turn- j
ing upon a disputed boundary, a tru? friend of his ;i
country would not be very anxious to magnify the !
rights of the enemy, and diminish our own, in j'
order to prove the President guilty of an indiscre- j
tion; especially when that supposed indiscretion ;
proved to be so beneficial. j
But we are not driven to these means of defence. !
We ask no clemency or forbearance at the hands ;
of those who condemn the President. We defy i
their fiercest attacks. The territory occupied by ]
our army was, beyond question, a part of Texas, j
The greatest men of this country, from 1803 1
; down, including Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster, ;
have maintained that Texas originally extended to !
| the Rio Grande. This fact is not conclusive of ,
' itself; it is perhaps not very strong. It however |
! establishes the original extent of that territory, and i
1 leaves the strongest presumption that it has retain- ;
ed its unity and identity during its connexion with
the other Mexican States. When its connexion
with Coahuila was dissolved, its old boundaries
were naturally retained. There is no palpable act
of alteration, and the presumption remains with
all its force.
The President shows that Texas, by the act of
1836, asserted the Rio Grande to be the boundary
from its mouth to its source. This was stipulated
in the treaty of Santa Ana after the battle of San
Jacinto. I think the Mexican Government, hav-
ing enjoyed the benefit of that treaty on her part,
was bound to observe it. Whatever force this
fact may have in its bearing upon the ultimate
rights of Texas, it is nevertheless certain that
Mexico has retained possession of Santa Fe and
the surrounding country. But it is equally certain
that Texas has possessed and governed the coun-
try on the*Jower Rio Grande, extendingup the left
bank far beyond Matamoros. The President has
asserted that Texas exercised certain acts of au-
thority over this territory. His language is this:
"During a period of more than nine years, winch inter-
vened between the adoption of her constitution and her an-
nexation as one of the States of our Union, Texas asserted
and exercised many ants of'sovereignty and jurisdiction over
the tenitory and inhabitants west of the Nueces. She or-
ganized and defined the limit* of counties extending to the
Rio Grande. She established courts of justice and extended
her judicial system over the territory. She established a
cumstom-house, and collected duties, and also post offices
and po-it roads in it. She established a land officc, and is-
sued numerous grants foi lands within its limits. A Sena-
tor and a Representative residing in it were elected to the
Congress of the lepublie, and served as such before the act
of annexation took place. In both the Congress and Con-
vention of Texas, which gave their assent to the terms of
annexation to the United States, proposed by our Congress,
were representatives residing west of the Nueces, who took
part in the act of annexation itself. This was the Texas
which, by the act of our Congress of the twenty-ninth of
i December, 1845, was admitted as one of the States of our
j Union."
Now, sir, these acts of authority, if thus exer-
cised, settle the question as to the right of Texas
to that territory. But I understand them to be
disputed. They may even be alluded to by my
colleague [Mr. Gentry] when he charges the
President with falsehood. But the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] boldly disputes them *
in the following terms:
" But theie is another argument of the Prendent which
deserves notice, and it is this: Texas (sa\s he) had extended
her authonty beyond the Nueces, and, to sum up all his de-
clarations, because they all fall under the sffhegenernl princi-
ple, they amountto this: Texas had extended her jurisdiction
"bejond the Nueces; she had a eustom-hou^e at Corpus
Christi, on tho immediate western bank of that nver; the
people living on that river, m the immediate valley of the
Nueces, had'been represented in the Texan Congress, and '
had assented to annexation to the United States, and were
included within one of the Congressional districts of Texas;
the United Slates, by an act of her Congress, had established
a custom-house at Corpus Christi- ail these things were
true just over the river, on the west bank, m the immediate
valley of the Nueces, and therefore—therefore what? There-
fore we had a title to the counfry^some one hundred or one
hundred and fifty miles fuither, to the Rio Grande, where not
one of these declinations will hold good! Bejond the
Nueces, and therefore to the Rio Grande! Now, what kind
of logic is this?"
Now, sir, upon this representation I understand
the gentleman, in language courteous it is true,
charged falsehood upon the Executive. I shall
endeavor to sustain the statement of the President,
and if 1 succeed in doing so, the honorable gentle-
man will not complain if, with the same courtesy
of language and manner, I throw back his own
charge upon himself.
I quote from the laws of Texas, and refer to the
map before me to prove everything asserted by the
President in the passage quoted, and everything
JLo $e legitimately inferred from it.
The act of December 20,1836, organizes inferior
courts in the counties of San Patricio and Bexar.
The joint resolution of the Texan Congress of
May 24, 1838. fixes die boundaries of those coun-
ties as follows:
" Be it resolved, #c., That a direct line miming fiom the
junction of the Cibolo or San Bartola creck to the Rio Frio,
at a point thiity iniles.above its junction with the Nueces;
! thence in a direct line to the town of Loredo, shall be eon-
j sidered the dividing line between the counties of San Patri-
! cio and Bexar," &c.
i It is unnecessary to remark that Loredo is on
i the left bank of the Rio Grande, and this provision
! extends those counties to that river.
: The act of 22d December, 1836, establishes a
] land office and district in the same counties.
! The act of June 12, 1837, establishes a collec-
| tion district extending to the mouth of the Rio
| Grande in the following words:
' " Be it further enacted, 4"c., That the follo'wmg designated
! places, with their given boundaries, be made ports of entry,
! and within which bounds custom-houses shall be establish-
! ed, and collectors of the public revenue shall be appointed,
i and reside at the several porta for which they were appoint-
