1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
reasoning, or rather I should say, the entire want
of any attempt at it, has robbed his invective of
its sting, and left nothing behind bat its coarse-
ness.
Bat, sir, there is one issue made by my honora-
ble colleague which I am perfectly willing to meet.
It is to be found in this passage, as reported in the
Intelligencer. I well remember the words, as sub-
stantially uttered by the gentleman:
" The President was a usurper, and they were traitois to
their country who did notso regard him, when ho attempted
thus, without authority of law or Constitution, to annex
vast territories to this Union, greater than the entire area oi
the onginal State?. He was a lawless usurper; and if the
members of that House sanctioned him in proceedings like
these, they were unworthy of the sests they occupied; tliey
were no p itriots, and guilty of the highest treason against
their country."
Our armies have conquered the enemy's terri-
tory, in pursuance of the act of Congress authori-
zing the war, for which act the honorable gentle-
man himself voted. The President has annexed
no territories to this Union. All that he has done
lias been to preserve, and not to throw away, those
"which Congress authorized our army to take. He
might have been guilty of treason if he had done
less. But it is no cause of just complaint that,
after being fully authorized, he has vigorously and
successfully prosecuted the war, carrying our vic-
torious arms into the enemy's countiy.
I repeat, sir, I am not sorry the gentleman has
presented this issue. I am rather glad. I should
not have felt free to denounce the opposition made
to this war as treason, however disastrous and
unpatriotic I may deem that opposition to be.
But since the issue is made, I freely accept it. I
stand upon the grounds 1 have now assumed, and
I appeal to the people of this Union to determine
which are the traitors—they who sustain the cause
* of their country, or they who advocate that of the
enemy; they who magnify the territorial rights of
the enemy, or they who insist upon our own;
they who deny the right of conquest in a just war
authorized by Congress, or they who assert that
right, as the only means of bringing the enemy to
terras, and securing our admitted rights by a final
treaty of peace.
Mr. GORDON having obtained the floor, the
committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL submitted a resolution
providing that the debate upon the resolutions re-
ferring the President's message shall close in com-
mittee at two o'clock, p. m., to-morrow, in order
(he said) thai the several standing committees
might receive the several portions of the message
expected to be to them referred. If not sent to
the said committees to-morrow, the subject would
have to lay over at least until Monday next, as it
was not probable that the House would sit much
longer during the present week.
Mr. SEABORN JONES moved to amend the
resolution by striking out the words "two o'clock,"
and substituting " fifteen minutes past twelve," as
he did not thmk the House would sit later than
that.
Mr. PRESTON KING said that he was op-
posed to the resolution, as it might prevent his
colleague, [Mr. Gordon,] who had the floor, from
submitting to the House the remarks which be
proposed to make upon the subject under discus-
sion. He therefore moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion was adopted.
The motion having prevailed,
The House adjourned.
[The correction of the Journal made yesterday in rela-
tion to Mi. Vance's vote, was not with refeience to Ml.
Thomasson's resolution, hot the resolution Ruluuined by
Mi. Brodhead m relation to the tariff act ot 1S46.]
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 24, 184G.
The Journal of yesterday were read and approved.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Philip
Pearce, praying a preemption right; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Naomi Da-
vis, widow of General Daniel Davis, asking for a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
PEACE MEMORIAL.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented a memorial
from citizens of the State of Delaware, praying
Congress to use speedy and efficient means for ter-
minating the war with Mexico, in an honorable
peace.
This memorial (said Mr. C.) is signed by some
of the most respectable of my constituents; and it
is due to them that 1 should say that I shall at all
times be proud to cooperate with them in attaining
the great object which these petitioners so much
desiie—" in adopting the most speedy and efficient
means for the restoration of peace on honorable
terms with Mexico." These, sir, aie not men
who have scruples in regard to war, in a religious
or moral sense; but as patriots, as men deeply in-
terested as American citizens, these men have
thought it their duty to speak in relation to this
matter. I have said, sir, and I repeat, that I shall
be glad to avail myself of all the means that are
practicable to bring about an honorable peace; but
in the position in which I stand, as one of the Sen-
ators of the United States, at present I feel bound
to say that I do not see any other efficient means
of piocuring an honorable peace with Mexico, ex-
cept by fairly fighting out the war. I shall, theie-
fore, without the least hesitation, give my support
to all measures that may be proposed, and which
may be deemed necessary by those who ought to
know what is indispensable to carry on vigorous-
ly this war, to a successful termination. I say
nothing now of the means for purchasing foreign
territory or in any way aggrandizing the country.
I speak simply of the means to carry on the war;
and I will not be a whit behind him who stands
the -foremost in giving the Executive of the coun-
try the means to cairy on this war vigorously.
1 have heard it stated, and have seen it charged
in many of the public prints, that there is a party
hostile to the war and ready to take part with
Mexico. Sir, I do not believe a syllabic of it. I
do not believe that there exists any such party. I
do not mean to say that there may not be some
who entertain such viewsand feelings; but if there
are any, they are very few in number, I doubt not.
But that either of the great parties organized in this
country take part with them against the country,
I do not believe. I reject the supposition as de-
grading to the American character. But least of
all do 1 believe that the great Whig party in this
country is ready to espouse any foreign interest!
I hold, and I firmly believe, that although there is
a majority of their political opponents in the coun-
cils of the nation, yet they are and do constitute at
this moment a majority of the people of the coun-
try, and that they are capable of lending themselves
to a foreign enemy against their own country, is
impossible. The charge has been made that such
a paity exists; and those who made the charge
may desire to bring about that very result—it may
be that " the wish is father to the thought;" but
no such accusation—no such calumny on this sub-
ject, will ever drive the great Whig party into hos-
tility to their own country in the prosecution of a
foreign war.
Willi regard to the means which those who
have the opportunity to understand better than I
have, may devise—u speedy and efficient means,"
to bring about an honorable peace with Mexico,
1 am not now prepared to speak; but I will say
generally, that 1 am ready to cooperate with all
who can produce measures before us calculated in
the judgment of sensible men to produce this re-
salt. In my view at present, it appears to me to
be our duty to strengthen the arm of the Govern-
ment by every fair and honorable means to prose-
cute the war vigorously, so far as it is in our
power.
Mr. President, there are topics connected with
this subject which I should like to discuss, and
which 1 may avail myself of ail early opportunity
to discuss, but not now. I have thought it due
to those who have intrusted me with this memo-
rial to say what I have said in regard to what 1
conceive to be their object and opinions; and now
I move to lay the memonal on the table.
The memorial was laid on the table accordingly.
KENTUCKY DEAF AND DUMB ASYLUM LANDS.
Mr. MOREHEAD (on leave) introduced a bill ;
to extend the time of selling the lands granted to the j
State, of Kentucky, for an asylum for the deaf and j
dumb. _ I
it was read twice, and Mr. M. moved its refer- j
ence to the Committee on Private Land Claims, j
Mr. SEVIER, wished the Senator from Ken- |
tucky to inform the Senate how long the time for j
the sale of these lands was to be extended, for this i
•was not the first time an extension of time had
been allowed.
Mr. MOREHEAD explained that the lands lo-
cated in Arkansas had all been sold; but with re-
spect to those in Florida, through the misfeasance
of agents and the condition of affairs in Florida,
sales had not been made. He supposed the Sena-
tor from Arkansas did not now desire a full and
detailed statement of facts on this subject, the ques-
tion being simply one of reference; but he assured
the Senator from Arkansas that he would hereafter
go fully into'an explanation.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that this land had been
given thirty years ago, and yet it was not all dis-
posed of yet. It was land'which lay in patches in
various localities which were retarded in their set-
tlement by the neglect to "effect sales of it. He
really thought it was a question which should he
considered by the Committee on Public Lands, for
it was a question of public policy, and he suggest-
ed that reference to the gentleman from Kentucky,
instead of the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. MOREHEAD could notjsee that'the com-
mittee suggested was more appropriate than the
one he had named. In regard to the merits of the
bill he was not now disposed to say a word. He
was willing that it should first go to the committee,
and after its examination it would be found that
satisfactory reasons existed for delaying the sale
of these lands, which the benign policy of the Gov-
ernment of the United States had appropriated to
those whose objects were purely those of humanity.
These lands had been given for the benefit of the
asylum for the deaf and dumb in Kentucky—an
institution which claimed lenient consideration
from the legislative department. He again moved
the reference to the Committee on Private Land
Claims; though he was not particulaily concerned
whether it went to that or to the committcc desig-
nated by the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. SEVIER again urged that this was a matter
of public concern, and hence was not a proper sub-
ject for reference to the Committee on Private
Land Claims. It properly belonged to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. To the Senator from
! Kentucky and himself, this was nq^ a new ques-
tion. It was discussed here some four or fi\ e
years ago; at which time he was opposed to any
further extension of time. Why were these lands
not sold? It was because those who held them
had not got enough for them. They desired a
high price, and therefore they waited for the im-
provement of the surrounding neighborhood to
enhance the value of these lands. The longer with-
holding them from the market was injurious to the
neighborhood in which they lay, and he again
claimed the reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. MOREHEAD, while he thought the com-
mittee he had designated was the proper one, was
not disposed longer to object to the reference
which the Senator from Arkansas desired. Let it
go to that committee. He moved that it take that
course.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
GRANT OF LAND TO ARKANSAS.
Mr. ASHLEY (on leave) introduced a bill to
grant a quantity of public land to the State of Ar-
kansas, for the purposes of internal improvement;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
BRANCH MINTS IN NEW YORK, ETC.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported the bill for the establishment of a branch
of the United States mint in the city of New York,
: without amendment.
! Mr. L. said, that with the concurrence of the
; Senator from New York, [Mr. Dix,] he would call
i up this bill at an early day after the Christmas
1 holydays.
I Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
i nance, reported the bill for the establishment of a
i branch of the mint of the United States in the city
| of Charleston, South Carolina, without amend-
! ment.
■ Mr. S. indicated his intention to call up this bill
! soon after the holydays.
j ADMISSION OF IOWA INTO THE UNION,
j Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
I diciary, to whom had been referred the House bill
I for the admission of the State of Iowa -into the
