THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
20tii Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1846.
New Series No. 6.
Jw.fore the Committee on Territories, his attention !
was attracted to this subject; and he was then con- |
vinced that the course of the people of Iowa should j
be acquiesced in by Congress. A similar provis- j
ion to that in the constitution of that State now j
submitted with respect to the live hundred thousand I
acres of land given to the State by the distribution !
act of J841, for "internal improvements," was in
the former constitution formed by the first conven-
tion, but not ratified by the people of Iowa on ac-
count of objections to the boundaries defined for
the State. He approved of this provision in the
State constitution, by which the Legislature are
authorized to appropriate the proceeds of the lands ;
to purposes of education—to " common schools," I
instead of the purpose prescribed by Congress in !
the distribution act of "internal improvements." [
He thought the alteration one dictated by wise |
policy. It was a proof to him that the people of .
Iowa were a judicious people. He (Mr. W.) had ]
suggested to his colleagues of the Committee on i
the Judiciary, whilst this bill was under considera- 1
tion before it, that it would be well to prepare an
amendment giving the express sanction of Congress ]
to this clause of the State constitution; but it was ,
thought no express sanction was necessary, as the
approval of the constitution by Congress in the '
admission of the State under it, was regarded as ;
equivalent to a repeal of so much of the distribu-
tioil act as prescribed the proceeds of the lands to i
be applied exclusively to internal improvements, i
and as an implied acquiescence by Congress in the j
appropriation proscribed by that constitution, of]
these proceeds to common schools, &c. If there j
was any doubt as to this last point, he was in favor J
yet of giving such express sanction of Congress j
by law to this particular change of the State con- >
stitution. :
Mr. W. said these general donations of public i
Sands to the States for " internal improvements," ;
without specifying the particular improvements to
be made, were regarded by him as " a corruption j
fund,'' and as eminently calculated to prove inju- .
rious, instead of being beneficial, to the States I
to which they were made. " Come easy, go j
■easy," is an old proverb. Funds acquired by the
States from such general donations, or by borrow-
ing, or in any mode except by taxation or contri-
bution of the citizens interested, were generally
illy expended, and most especially if the objects of
expenditure were "internal improvements." All
sorts of selfish interests were excited to induce !
the misappropriation of such funds. First, there j
must be a number of offices, and of course officers :
to fill them must be created. Surveyors, agents, !
and other land officers, must be authorized and ]
paid by the Legislature, in order to select the lands, ;
and to sell them, and to get the funds so as to be |
able to spend them. The office hunters are all j
forthwith waked up and in action. Then, after
the funds are raised, a number of additional officers ,
are necessary, to devise and direct the construction
of the works which are desired to be made. Then j
hosts of contractors and employees will start
forth. But the most serious result will be, that
such funds may become the subject of disgraceful j
scrambling, squabbling, and of log-rolling in the 1
Legislature. Their lobbies will be infested session
after session with selfish speculators and political ,
traders, to advance private interests by the use of
such funds. One owning town lots here, or wild
lands there, or a plantation in another place, will i
seek to have a railroad, or a canal, or a bridge,
made so as to increase the value of his property.
He will unite and log-roll with others in a similar
situation m different sections. The selfish and sec-
tional interests of counties and towns and neigh-
borhoods, will be aroused and cxcited to effect tile
appropriation of the funds to everything except
the advancement of the public benefit. It will be
a miracle if the funds are not perverted and squan-
dered, in profligate ways, by profligate men, or at
any rate foolishly, and without effecting much
public good. He believed he could with safety
appeal to those Senators from States where inter-
nal improvements had been undertaken with funds
given to the States, or borrowed by them, to verify
his statement as correct, and as proved so to be
by the history of their States. " What is every
man's business, is no man's business," and with
respect to funds acquired otherwise than, by taxa-
tion, or contributions of the citizens of the States
interested, no one felt it to be as much his right j
and duty to see that it was propeily expended, as
if he had directly paid his money to raise the
fund. " Internal improvements" is, of all subjects,
the most likely to awaken the selfish interests and
influences always existing in every State. A fund
acquired by gift for such object will of all others
be most likely to become a " corruption fund,"
whereby the political morality of the State, and ||
the character of its government, would be injured, |
and the real and substantial interests of the people .
of the State retarded instead of being promoted. ■■
With respect to an " edutalion fund," (Mr. W. i
said,) this was not the case; selfish pccimiary in- ^
terests were riot so greatly exerted, and could not i
be, in the disposition of such funds. The struggle j
with respect to such funds would be, which section
or neighborhood should have the advantage in the I
means of instruction to their youth. In such con- !
test the State could not lose. The funds would j
not be in so much danger of being squandered, j
Every citizen in a section where a school-house is I
erected, and the means of education afforded, would
receive a portion of the benefit in the enlightenment
of the rising generation. There would be but little
opportunity, and therefore but little inducement to
attempt the advancement of private pecuniary in- j
terests to the prejudice of the general weal, in the d is- j
position of such fund. For my part (said Mr. W.) !
I wish the five hundred thousand acres given to my ]
State would be allowed by Congress to bo applied
to educational purposes, instead of " internal im- ,
provements." The experience of other States had
induced him to fear that comparatively little public ,
benefit would result from it if the expenditure of |
the proceeds of these lands was continued to lie j
restrained and confined to " internal improvements." :
He feared it would in many eases be injudiciously ;
squandered—that it would be expended to pro- !
mote private, sectional, or partial interests, and be- ]
come a fund which speculators and selfish schemers !
would look to as an object of lawful prey and plun- :
der. If the principal of the proceeds of these ;
500,000 acres of land (as in Iowa) was allowed to j
be held as a sacred fund for educational purposes, 1
never to be encroached upon,or touched, nnderany
pretence, and the annual interest allowed to be de-
, voted to " common schools," free to every youth of ;;
the State, poor as u-etl as rich, on equal terms, no j,
! man can estimate the incalculable benefits, the ji
! priceless blessings that would flow from such fund Ij
1 to the present population of Florida, and to their
J posterity for ages yet to come. The gift of this ']
| Government would then indeed be a rich and noble ;!
donation. Mr. W. repeated, that he considered ]|
: the constitutional convention of Iowa had acted ji
i wisely in ordaining the change of the objects of:,
: the expenditure of these funds from " internal ij
! improvements" to " education," and he should there- |
j fore vote against his colleague's amendment, ihis
j question (Ml W. observed) was discussed in the j
| House of Representatives, and decided, and if the !
' bill was sent back it would occasion delay. ,]
Mr. YULEE said he regretted to find himself j
differing with his colleague upon this subject, j
' Where did his argument tend > Why, evidently, !j
if be understood hint correctly, to the repudiation ;
and rejection of all means for the development of 1
I the new States and the creation of facilities for their
' settlement and commerce, by opening and improv- j
ing the channels of intercommunication and trade.
HTs colleague united with him in the opinion that ,
'' it was no part of the constitutional functions of,,
the Federal Government to make expenditures for 'j
i public improvements within the limits of a State; j
!| and it was well known that the resources of rove- .
nue in new States were too limited to enable them |
| to raise by taxation the necessary funds to advance j
j public improvements, however judicious or de- :
:' sirable they might be. If, then, they could not be |
I safely trusted with the management of funds which
! 1 the United States had contributed for this purpose.
upon the score of the exemption of its proprietary
interest from taxation, the result would be that all
plans for public improvements must be relinquished
until the population oftheState was strong enough
to bear the burden of taxation for these objects.
No. For his part, while he denied the right of this
Government to control or to make improvements
within the limits of the'States, he was still desirous
to forward, as far as he legitimately could, a ju-
dicious system of improvements by the States
themselves, based upon the commercial and social
necessities, conveniences, and comfort of their
people. And he desired to do all that he could to
preserve and foster for application all funds directed
to this highly useful object, come from what source
they might, from donation or from taxation, in the
new States. He regarded the clause appropriating
half a million of acres in each new State to the use
of internal improvement as one of the best features
of the act of 1841. And this grant, it should be
borne in mind, was made not only for the benefit
of the present people of Iowa, but of those who
might still join them in the settlement of the State.
It was a continuing trust which the majority of her
present population could not rightfully divert.
Mr. WESTCOTT observed that he had not
distinctly heard the remarks of his colleague, but
if, as he understood him, he had expressed his re-
gret that he (Mr. W.) had avowed his hostility to
internal improvements by the States, his colleague
had mistaken his (Mr. W.'s) remarks.
Mr. YULEE explained. He said he had un-
derstood his colleague to argue that funds provided
to the new States for internal improvement would
be unprofitably bestowed, bccause it would become
a " corruption fund," and liable to abuse and
squandering.
Mr. WESTCOTT said his colleague had mis-
apprehended his argument. He was not opposed
to donations of public lands by Congress to the
States where the lands lie, for specific works of
internal improvement adjacent to those lands, and
the works to be designated in the aet of dona-
tion. He had voted and should vote again for such
laws most cheerfully. He desired to get the pub-
lic lands out of the hands of the Federal Govern-
ment as soon as possible. But he was not in favor
of large donations of lands or of money to the
States for general purposes of internal improve-
ment, not designating them, and without guarantee
that the proceeds would be honestly and wisely
applied. He had given the reasons for this opinion,
and one of them was, that such donations would,
in most cases, become a " corruption fund."
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) I fear not to avow, and the
intelligent people of my State will, I know, not
misunderstand me, when I say that I would not
vote to give that State, if I had the power to-day to
do it, a'million of acres of public lands in such
general way, not defining, or prescribing, or secu-
ring the manner of its expenditure, except by the
illimitable phrase "internal improvements." I
should fear it would occasion a disgraceful scram-
ble in the State for the next generation for portions
of such fund, until it was all squandered. The
poor citizen would receive little benefit from it.
Ho, of course, was in favor of " internal improve-
ments:" nobody was opposed to them that he had
ever heard of. But he did not believe the Federal
Government .had the power to carry them on in
the States, and he did not believe it was wise poli-
cy to exercise such power, if it existed; but he
would not now go into the discussion of that topic.
He said he did" not believe in the wisdom of the
States borrowing money to carry on such works;
and he did not believe tliat donations by Congress
to the States for such objects generally, when the
particular object was not designated and presented,
would be beneficial to the State to which it was
made: and he believed, in nine cases out often, it
would become u a corruption fund, and be squan-
dered to subserve selfish private or sectional
ests, or prostituted to party purposes. Sir, (said
1 Mr W.,) if the States wring money from the citt-
! zen by the pullekins of the tax-gatherer for " m-
i ternal improvements; if it is raised by fair, equal,
aboveboard, undisguised taxation, every citizen will
6
