82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 24,
see that it is properly, fairly, and honestly appro-
priated and expended. It would then be more likely
to be expended for the public benefit, than to pro-
mote sinister and selfish schemes of jobbers and
speculators. He said he whs in favor of such
system of <c internal improvements" by the States.
He was averse to corporations; they were too likely,
if succcssful, to become oppressive and dangerous
monopolies; and if unsuccessful, to occasion losses
to the community in which they were located.
But he admitted they might, in some cases, be the
most eligible means to construct works of internal
improvement, though he (Mr. W.) preferred that
they should be undertaken by the States on the
cash system, and with funds raised by taxation
or by voluntary contribution of those interested.
He had often before had occasion to express his
sentiments on these subjects elsewhere, and they
had never varied.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment proposed by Mr. Yulee; and
it was decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Woodbiid^ am] Yulee—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Archei*, Afhloy, Atehi«on, Atherton,
Badger, Bajjby, Barrow. Benton, Berrien, Breese, Bright,
Butler, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Corwm, CnUt'iulen, Davis, Dickinson, Dix,
Evaus, Gt eerie, Houston, Jarnaam, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Morehead, Niles,
Busk, Semple, Sevier, Sp Mailt, Sturgeon, Turney, Upham,
and Westcott—40.
The bill was then ordered to a third leading;
and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time
and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. BAGBY (on leave) introduced a joint reso-
lution explanatory of an act for the relief of Mary
Ann Linton; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the bill for the relief
of Joseph Morrison, without amendment. 1
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the same
committee, reported the bill for the relief of John
Clark, without amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting arrearages of pension to
Hugh W. Dobbin, an officer of the late war;
which was read a first time, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
for the relief of David Shaw and Johnson P. Car-
son; which was read a first tunc, and passed to a
second reading.
AMENDMENT OF CONSTITUTION".
On motion of Mr. SEMPLE, the joint resolu- j
tion to amend the Constitution of the United States, j
introduced by him on the ^2d instant, and laid on 1
the table, was taken up, read a second time, and '
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, :
PATENTS. [
_ Mr. SEMPLE submitted the, following resolu- !
tion; which was agreed to: \
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents and :
the Patent Office be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of so extending the patent laws, as to 1
make a patent, when granted, valid as to the pub- >
lie, until vacated by due process of law; and that !
in all cases'positive injunctions issue against those :
infringing the patent right, until such patent be so ;
vacated.
FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following !
resolution; which was considered and agreed to:° j
Resolved, That the Commirtee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making provision for the construction of addi- 1
tional works at Fort Gratiot, near the outlet of
Lake Huron, and of connecting the same with the :
military works at Sand Hi'!, in the State of Michi- :
gan, with leave to report by bill or otherwise. j
Jind be it further resolved, That the communica- 1
tions from the War Depaitmenr, of the date of'
April 17, 1840, of the 4th December, 1845, and of
the 20.h January, 1846, on the same subject, be :
referred to the same committee.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 24,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. E. D. Baker, (Whig,) of Illinois, appeared
and took his seat.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the resolution offered by Mr. C. J. In-
gersoll yesterday, providing for the termination
of the debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with the amendment thereto
pending.
Mr. B. MARTIN rose, nnd by general consent
corrected an error which (he said) appeared in the
report given by the Intelligencer of his remarks
made a day or two since. Having then read that
portion of the report in which a remark, made
aside, while Mr. M. was speaking, is nscribed to
Mr. Pettit, of Indiana, he stated that it had been
made by another gentleman with whom he had
long been living on terms of great intimacy. Mr.
Pettit was not at the time in the House.
Mr. NORRIS asked leave to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, for the set-
tlement of the claims of New Hampshire against
the United States. Leave was not granted.
The question then recurring on the amendment
■ to the resolution of Mr. C. J. Ijtgersoij,,
] On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the further con-
j sideration of the subject was postponed until to-
| morrow.
I Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, said he rose to make
I an appeal to the members of the House to set apart
I this day for the introduction of resolutions which
I did not give rise to debate, that they might be re-
| ferred to appropriate committees. Gentlemen must
| remember that this was the short session; that neai-
, ly three weeks of the session had passed, and no
| call had been made for resolutions, &c., no oppor-
| tunity had been afforded to members to brins; be-
fore the [-louse and committees, business, impor-
tant to their constituents and the country. The
! holvdays were at hand. He did not suppose much
] business would be done by either House during the
i holydays, but many members of committees would
i improve the time in maturing and preparing: busi-
j ness for the House. It must (continued Mr. S.)
j be apparent to every gentleman, that unless we
j mean to shut out all new business from the action
1 of the House, we must introduce it now. We
, have little more than eight weeks remaining to act
| upon the vast amount of unfinished business of
| the first session of this Congress, and to attend to
; the variety of matters which our constituents ex-
i poet us to act upon at this session. I have, some
| measures which I am anxious to bring before the
House, and I presume there are many gentlemen
in the same predicament. 1 will therefore move to
suspend the rules, until nil the States can be called
for resolutions which will not give rise, to debate,
and to give notice of the introduction of bills.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
A message was received from the Senate, by
A. Dickivs, Esq., their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the bill provi-
ding for the admission of the State of Iowa into
the Union.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the House re-
sohed itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
resolution referring the President's annual message i;
to the appropriate committees.
Mr. GORDON was entitled to the floor, and tj
addressed the committee during the hour. He said
that he had sought the floor m that stage of the '
debate more for the purpose of making a candid !
avowal of his opinions in regard to the war, and i1
the questions connected with it, than with the view 1
of enteiins: upon any elaborate argument on the \
various points raised during the discussion. Be- ii
fore proceeding, however, to that candid cypres- f
sion of his opinions, ho begged leave to pay his I1
respects to the opposition party. They found the !!
Whig paity of the country opposed to" the prose- 'i
cution of the war in which the nation was now j
engaged against Mexico. The orators and scribes
of that party in that House, and through the press, ;■
denounced that war as umust and aggressive
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. Permit me to make !
one remark. I have always considered myself a m
steadfast adherent of the Whig party, and I speak !l
not only my own sentiments 
Mr. GORDON. I cannot allow the gentleman
to make a speech,. (Cries of "Go on.")
Mr. INGERSOLL. But also the sentiments
of (cries of "order.")
| The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
j New York yield the floor?
; Mr. GORDON. Oh! yes; certainly.
| Mr. INGEPi-SOLL. I say, then, that the Whig
| party is not opposed to the prosecution of the war
| against Mexico. (Cries of "good," "you back
j out at last!")
j Mr. GORDON. The gentleman, then, is an
I honorable exception to the general rule which I
i hase laid down.
j Mr. POLLOCK. Mr. Chairman, I  
i Mr. GORDON. I really cannot yield the floor.
| Mr. POLLOCK, (still insisting ti be heard,)'
I only (cries oi " order.")
< The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
j York has the floor.
! Mr. GORDON proceeded. He repeated, that
| the Opposition party generally on that floor and
| throughout the country were opposed to the prose-
j cution of the war in which the nation was at that
| moment engaged. Those that were not in that
I category would have an opportunity to define their
i position. They weie engaged in a war with Mexi-
I co. Their army was in the enemy's country, win-
j ning battles and conquering provinces. Their navy
j was at sea, blockading the ports of Mexico, and
; sweeping her commerce, if commerce she had, from
| the ocean. The attention of the Governments of
i Europe was directed to that war. They were
I watching its progress, and anxiously speculating
I on its results.
j Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT. I beg to call
j the attention of my colleague 
i Mr. GORDON. I cannot yield to these inter-
! ruptions.
| Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT still insisted on
| being heard.
' The CHAIRMAN reminded the gentleman that
| the member from New York had not yielded ilie
( floor.
Mr. GORDON proceeded. The Cabinets of
the Old World (he had said) were speculating on
the progress and probable results of the war; not
only as the results were likely to affect the busi-
ness, and commerce, and the nations of the earth,
but as they would hear upon the general progress
and well-being of free institutions amongst men.
Such was the interesting crisis in their foreign re-
lations—such the interesting position of the great
cause of human liberty itself—when a party in
the United States, represented on that floor, was
found setting itself up in opposition to the war,
and denouncing it with the utmost vehemence as
aggressive and unjust on the part of the United
States. How did it happen, he asked, that in
every war in which the country had been engaged
from the Revolution down, that party had been
opposed to the wqrin which the country happened
to be encaged for the time being? This course of
conduct had been uniformly pursued by that parly,
not only when the Government was engaged in
prosecuting a war, but even when, on any occa-
sion, "the foreign relations of the United States
assumed a thiealening aspect, the same party was
found in the same attitude of hostility to their own
Government. The Creek war—the Seminole war
—the Bla^k Hawk war—every Indian war, and
every conflict with civilized nations, either in the
field or cabinet, had found resolute opponents in
that party. What was the cause of such a state
of things? There must surely be some weighty
reason at the bottom of all that opposition. He
was utterly at a loss to explain otherwise the uni-
form result to which he had alluded. He could
hardly ascribe it to the prosecution of a mere game
of party politics. He was inclined to believe that
the Opposition were animated by a desire to chance
the whole system of government under which this
country now happily existed. If he was mis-
taken—if the Opposition had no other design than
to carry on a paltry game of party politics, they
would find it a losing game. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] had used the following
language in his speech the other day: " But the
'first question Mr. D. desired to ask, was, How
' did this war come into existence ? By whom had
'itbeen made?" Howtliewarwasprosecuted,and
how it might result, were questions of no impor-
tance, it seemed. It was of infinite importance to
the gentleman, however, to know how the war
