1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
had begun—whether it was begun by the Presi-
dent of the United States, usurping authority, or
by the Qongress of the United States, having power
to declare war. He (Mr. G.) would answer the
gentleman, that the war was begun by neither the
Congress of the United States nor the Executive,
but by Mexico herself. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky himself had borne testimony before the world
to that very fact of the commencement of the war
by Mexico. On the 13th of May last a bill was
passed in which it was declared that this war was
begun by the act of Mexico, and supplies were
vo!ed for its prosecution. Did not the gentleman
vote for that bill, preamble and all ? Certainly he
did. Now, that measure passed the House with
only fourteen voting against it; and it passed the
Senate almost by an unanimous vote—he believed
there were but two votes against it in that body—
so that Jt m'ight be almost said that it passed the
Senate by acclamation. Thus went out to the
people and the world the fact that the war was be-
consummated, that measure would be regarded as
casus belli, and that war would be waged. Mcxico
had never put the war on any other ground than that
of the annexation of Texas, and not on account of
the disputed title to that strip of territory. Such
being the fact, he asked what was to be done?
forehand that if Texas were annexed, she would
wage war for the recovery of that province. But
Texas was annexed. What then? They found
the Minister of Foreign Affairs in Mexico decla-
ring to the United States Minister before the orders
were issued, that annexation would be regarded as j
a cause of war, and that war would ensue. On
the 4th of April, 184G, in pursuance of that decla- I
ration, the orders were issued to attack the Amen- j
can forces by every means justified by war. To .
these orders immediately succeeded the attacks to j
which he had already alluded. Now, the oppo- j
sition could not condemn the war as unjust and j
aggressive on the part of the United States, upon !
the ground that annexation was a just cause ofj
war; because many of that party—he was not |
sure but a majority of that party—voted for that
gun by the act of Mexico. But he (Mr. G.) would :j very act of annexation. If they condemned the
lot rest on that fact merely for proof that the war '
had been begun by Mexico. Let them refer to j
the history of the case. Whatever may have been :
the intentions of Mexico., the first ovo.rt act of war !
was the orders issued on the 4th of April, 1846, by '
the Government of Paredes, to attack the A men- !
<*an forces by every means justified by war. There j
was the first overt act of war. The American :
forces were, on the contrary, enjoined by their ;
war as aggressive on the ground of annexation, j
they condemned themselves. He believed that no j
one would stultify himself at that day by getting i
up and asserting before any community out of!
Mexico that annexation was a just cause of war. ;
Certainly they could not do it without condemning j
themselves. What, then, did they find in order to 1
justify the charge that the war was aggressive and !
unjust on the part of the United States? Why,
-Government to observe a pacific course. They j] they said that the territory between the Nueces
were instructed not to make any aggressions; and
with these instructions, and with such intentions,
the army of the United States, under the command
-of General Taylor, was ordered to march to the
Rio Grande. Now, on the 3st of May, 1846, in
pursuance of the orders issued by the Government
and the Rio Grande was not a part of Texas
proper—that it was Mexican territory—and that
the President of the United States, in sending the
American forces to occupy a position beyond the
Nueces, or at least on the banks of the Rio Grande,
made a hostile incursion into the territory of Mexi-
of Mexico, a body of one hundred and fifty Mexi- | j co, and that that was the cause of the war. Why,
eans,at Fort Walker, or the place now known by ji Mexico must he under many obligations to the
that name, slaughtered some ten Texan rangers—
spilled American blood upon American soil. On ji
the 8th of May, the army of General Taylor J;
was attacked on its return to the fort opposite
to Matamoro.% and the battle of Palo Alto en-
rated; and again on the 9th the battle of Resaca ■
<le la Palma was fought, the American forces ii
being attacked by the Mexican army. This was \
the commencement of the war. Mexico had I
thrown away the scabbard, and refused to treat j
for peace. With all these facts—with these overt j
acts of war staring the gentleman in the face, he got j
np in the American Congress, before the world, \
and gravely asked, " Who commenced the war-— j
the President or the Congress of the United j
States5" Did not the gentleman know—or ought j
ho not to have known—did not the world know >
that there was no disposition on the part of the t
United States to engage in war with Mexico, but
that every sacrifice but that of national honor itself ! j that boundary. At the last session of that very
had been made in order to keep on terms of good
neighborhood with that power' It was true that the
President had anticipated an attack from Mexico.
He was forewarned that such an attack would be
made, and the army of General Taylor was ac-
cordingly ordered to advance from Corpus Chnsti
to the bank of the river opposite Matamoros,
xvithin cannonading distance of the enemy's forces,
«o that his movements might be watched. The
attack was made by Mexico. She crossed the
boundary of Texas and attacked the American
forces upon soil not occupied by Mexican forces
the American army. Down to the time of occu-
pation of that territory by the American army, ,
that territory was claimed by Texas and was |
within her bounds. But farther to illustrate the 1
point as to who began the war, it was necessary
to go back, and examine the grounds of the war 1
thus began by Mexico. From the battle of San
Jacinto,""down to the annexation of Texas to the .
United States, Texas claimed to (he Rio Grande; ,
and on the other hand, Mcxico claimed to the Sa- ,
bine. Texas was acknowledged to be independent
by the United States, and by several of the Gov-
ernments of Europe; and during these nine years
she claimed to the banks of the Rio Grande as her 1
western boundary—Mexico insisting up to the
Sabine as the boundary of her territory. Thus ;
stood the claim of boundary on the part of Texas,
and the claim of Mexico to the territory as far as
the Sabine. That was the position of affairs when
Texas was united to the United States. While an-
nexation was m progress, Mexico declared that, if
of the annexation of Texas. She had declared be- .i What would they have the President and the
:*• t* 1  1.1 Democratic party and the country do in regard
to the war ? If Mexico refused to negotiate-—
if she threw away the scabbard, declaring that „
she never would resume it until she had recon-
quered Texas to the Sabine—what course was left
for the Government of the United States? Were
they to surrender Texas to Mexico ? Were they
to recall their forces? Were our forces to re-
treat? Did gentlemen not know that if the Amer-
ican forces had desisted from pursuing the ene-
my, and punishing him even in the heart of his
own country, Mexico would have laughed at their
armaments—would have sneered at all their war-
like preparation—would have overrun Texas
with her banditti—keeping up the conflict till
doomsday, and putting the United States to in-
calculable expense, and all for nothing? No. The
only way to obtain a peace was to prosecute
the war in the enemy's country; declare, once for
all, that Texas never could be and never would be
restored, and go on with vigor until Mexico was
obliged to come to terms. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,"] the other day,
asked what the Piesident intended to do with these
provinces which had been conquered from the
enemy. Pie (Mr. G.) would tell the gentleman
what the American people intended to do. As for
the President, he intended to do nothing; he cnuld
only prosecute the war which the people had di-
rected him to undertake as commander-in-chief, and
for which they had voted the supplies. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts ought to have known
better than to hate asked such a question as that.
He must have known that the President could not
dispose of these conquered territories at all. How-
ever, he (Mr. G.) would inform the gentleman
what the people of the United States meant to do:
they meant to hold on to the Californias—they
meant to make them a permanent acquisition to the
United States. As for the President, he could do
nothing, and meant to do nothing in the prc-mises,
but to" prosecute the war which they had com-
manded him to prosecute, and supplied him with
the means to do so. But he (Mr. G.) assured the
Opposition that the people of the United States
would take good care that the Californias should
never belong to Mexico again. That's what the
American people meant to do. He was for prose-
cuting the war, because the people meant to prose-
cute the war; he was for retaining the Californias
as a permanent acquisition, not because they had
been conquered, but because they would he an in-
demnity for the claims of American citizens upon
Mexico, and help to pay the expenses of a war
which had been foolishly, wickedly, and unjustly
waged by that impudent Power against the Um-
ted°Sutes. That brought him to the considera-
tion of another subject—perhaps mllm novel oil
that floor, but whh'h was necessarily connected
with the question, and might as well be broach-
ed at that time as at any other. The people of
the United States—a vast majority of the people
of the United States—were not only intently
determined on the prosecution of the war, and
the permanent requisition of these territories to
indemnify them for these expenses, but they also
meant to'make it o free territory. It was due to
candor that they should meet each other face to
face, and in all truth and frankness talk over the
matter exactly as it was. For one, lie icuretted
that the topic had been started in that del.aie thus
early, and, as he. thought, prematurely, although,
iffht he all for the best. He was not
opposition party in this country for discovering
causes of war that had never once occurred to her-
self! But at the time the American forces ad-
vanced to Fort Brown, and the Mexican Govern-
ment issued orders to attack the American forces,
Mexico could not have known that the United
States army had advanced from Corpus Christi to
the Rio Grande. That territory was claimed by
Texas; it was claimed by the United States. Mexi-
co never claimed the territory between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande, otherwise than through her
claim up to the Sabine, including the whole of Tex-
as. But admitting that the territory was in dis-
pute, it then became neutral ground, and the United
States had as good a riffht to occupy it as Mexi-
co. But he had no doubt in regard to the title to
that territory; and here he begged to refer to the
somewhat significant fact that the Whig party
were not agreed among: themselves in regard to
Congress, the venerable member from Massachu
—not then in his seat—[Mr. Adams] declared
that the Rio Grande, opposite Matamoros, was part
of the western boundary of Texas. He (Mr. G.) j
believed that on that point there was no discrep- ;
ancy of opinion amongst the friends of the Ad- |
ministration. The utmost that the Opposition could ;
make out was, that it was debatable territory; and J
as such the American forces had a right to occupy j
it. What would have been thought of the British j
, Government, or the Government of the United ;
' States, if they had attacked each other'** forces in
Mexican settlements, but in the occupation of ]! Oiegon before the st fdement of the boundary ques-
tion there? The United States had had several
questions of disputed boundary with Gredt Britain,
' I of which they had conhived to settle by power-
ful negotiation, without resort to war; and when >| perhaps, it might
the forces of the one occupied what was claimed ;« responsible for its introduction. In the cours. of
to be territory of the other, they did not fly to ! thedebate that questmn had been bound up with
Jbr^SGeneralTav^
lnit because Texas with the consent oi the l' mietl
S'ates had annexed herself to the Union. If there
had been no dispute about the annexation of Texas
. the oecupation ot* that Mexican territory, as they
claimed it to be on the other side; Texan territory,
as he (Mr. G.) and his friends maintained it to
be_there never would have been any war between
Mexico and the United States. The war, then,
was washed by Mexico on the ground expressly
the Wilmot amendment to the "twoi
That amendment he himself would not have otter-
ed* but, having been ottered, he would not dodge
the question, but voted for the amendment; and
he then took oecasio«o say that whenever and
ill whatever manner tl~t question should present
itself, he stood ready to face it with all the respon-
sibilities attached to it. He regarded the amend-
ment as premature, because, for his part, he could
