1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
85
districts, and one collection district included the ter-
ritory to the mouth of the river. Well; nobody
disputed all this. Yes; but she had appointed a
collector, and the man actually resided within the
district. Ye®; but where? Why, at Corpus
Christi. And that proved that the district reached
to the Rio Grande. But where did we meet, on
all that bank of the river, with any but Mexicans?
They were living there, where they and their fa-
thers, and their grandfathers before them, had been
born and been burricd, in their own undisputed
ancient homes. And there, in the midst of them
and their farms, we marshalled an army, erected a
fort, disturbed their possessions, and caused the
«hed<iing of blood; and then we came and asserted
that the war arose from their own act of invasion
on the American soil. It was an inference which,
no doubt, the gentleman honestly and honorably
diew, but it was unsupported by facts.
When Mr. R. should come to write out his
speech^ (and he intended to have a speech as long
as any other gentleman had,) he should put in all
the authorities in the case, and the newspaper para-
graphs, and all that. Let the truth pass into his-
tory ; he believed that she would tell the truth about
it. "Give aid and comfort" to whom it might,
s/ie would not regard their inuendoes, charging
tieason on men who spoke their honest minds!
What was the war commenced fur? Not for
conquest. Oh no; but to get pay for spoliations
and robberies. They knew she had not anything
?o pay with but tonitory, but still the war was not
for conquest! We went into her country, took
her towns, seized on her provinces, and declared
we never would surrender them till she paid us.
We knew she had only her territory to pay with:
and yet this was not a war for conquest. Oh, no !
' The gentleman from New York [Mr. Gordon]
.said that we had^conquered all California and New
Mexico, and that the American people were not
going to give up any of it: and the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] said that annexation
must come; and that so evidently did the coutse
of events tend to that consummation, that he must
be blind who did not sec it. Air. R. admitted it.
He could read; and he feared, greatly feared, that
the design must be accomplished. And yet gen-
tlemen said they had no designs of conquest—none
at all! Now, he would put to them a plain ques-
tion: Supposing they had waged a war for con-
quest, how would it have differed from this war?
Could any gentleman tell ? The only conceivable
difference that Mr. R. could think of was, that in
the latter case, gentlemen would go about the busi-
ness openly, and say at once what they meant.
But they would not do so now: that was all.
Mr. STANTON was very desirous of leave to
explain; but Mr. Root utterly refused to yield the
floor, saying: " You cannot interrupt me; you
will have a chance to reply; you can get the floor
much easier than I can."
What had we done with their territory ? We
held it under military control. But did this em-
power the President to order his officers to estab-
lish civil government there, or to establish it him-
self? Not at all. Mere military sway did not
give the right to establish a form of civil govern-
ment; it only authorized the invading general to
protect himself. Self-defence was all the right he
had. The President, as commander-in-chief of
the army, had no authority whatever but military
authority. Neither the commander-in-chief, nor
general, nor commodore, nor captain under his
command, had power to do a single act that looked
to the establishment of a civil government in a
province under military possession. Their author-
ity was purely militaiy. They were bound to
respect the lights of private citizens, and to leave
tne laws just as they found them. The President
could set up no civil governments; he had no
authority to do it. All the acts of his officers were
perfectly null and void as to this matter; and all
iheir appointments of judges and magistrates and
tanlfs and elections, &e., were all nothing but
violations of the law of nations.
As to the declaration of annexing these prov-
inces to the United States, it would be perfectly
ridiculous, if it were not such a plain indication of
the spirit and aims in which the war had been
commenced. It showed plainly enough that the
plan was annexation. That was just what it was
for.
He knew that gentlemen justified the acts of the
President and his officers, and one very learned
gentleman especially, [Mr. Seddov.] He found
the power of the President to do all he had done
somewhere in the Constitution. He did not know
just exactly where W might be—in this article, or
it might be in that, or it might be in a third. The
power was there somewhere. Mr. R. said he
never knew an abstractionist, a strict construction-
ist, to be hard pushed in his life to find a justifi-
cation for any favorite measure, but he' could
always find it in the Constitution. The good old
Constitution! He respected it, and loved to de-
fend it. He had no notion of seeing it submitted
to this stretching and puckering process. The
learned gentleman's search for Executive power
to set up civil governments reminded him of a sort
of game he had once seen played with thimbles
and balls—he forgot now how it was played ex-
actly, or what it was called. [A voice: " Thim- !
blerig." A laugh,] Yes; it was likely that was J
| it. It was played with three thimbles and a bail,
] and the ball was sometimes found under one, and \
! sometimes under another—but it was there some- 1
i where. The thing was, to tell under which thim- '
ble. [Much laughter.] Nothing but the govern- \
ing habit of t\c abstractionist school could have i
j produced such a reading of the Constitution,
I But another gentleman of the same school came
out, and admitted Unit the power under which the !
; Ptesident had acted was not to be found in the j
] Constitution. No; it was above and beyond it. j
' How, then, was it authorized? The very fact of j
j conquest conferred the authority. The President I
j was a conqueror, and, as a conqueror, had author- ;
ity to do all that he had' been doing in these !
| Mexican provinces. He was placed in loco pa-
j rentis to the people. This was a new sort of Loco.
\ [Roars of merriment.] If he was a parent to the
; .Mexicans, judging fiom the freaks and antics he
| had been playing before his bantlings, one would
j conclude it was rather a new business to him,
1 [Renewed fun.] But, as he seemed a little indis-
creet in the thing, theie was some danger of spoil-
ing the children.
Another learned gentleman—(he ought to be, a
Virginia judge was always presumed to be learned)
—read them a decision of Lord Stowcll's, formerly
and better known as Sir William Scott; but it was
; all the same. From this opinion it appeared that
I a conquering soreretgu. might hold conquered tem-
i tory as his own, and might even cede it to a third
! party. A certain island had been conquered by
! Great Britain, and, until the war was ended, it was
subject to the right of the losing sovereign, who
might reconquer it if he could. And then the
learned gentleman asked for our authority in op-
position to^Jiis. Why, nobody controverted the
position. Mr. R. need not controvert it; he knew
the respectability of the judge who made the decis- ;■
ion. It was a sufficient answer to say the case was jj
not in point. It spoke of the power of a sovereign; l'
but James K. Polk, thank God, was not yet the ;;
sovereign of these United States by the Constitu-
tion, whatever he might be by the sufferance of;;
Congress. He had no right to establish any civil 1
jurisdiction over a State held in military occu- :
pation without an act of the sovereign—that was, ;i
of the legislative body. No mere military com-
mander, whether President or general, or comtno- j;
dore, or captain, could do anything of that kind; '
it required the. sovereign authority of the State. I
And where was that? In the President5 No; in '
Congress; and nothing short of the act of Congress
could creatc any such government. Before we
could establish any civil government there, we '
must annex it as a territory of the United States; j,
then we might begin to set up a government for :
it. ':
But all the labor and lesearch and eloquence of
these very learned and eloquent gentlemen were all !
thrown away. The President who had once made
up his mind that these territories could all come
into the Union, had since backed out; now, it '
seemed, he disapproved of those acts of his subor- i
dinates which these gentlemen had taken so much
pains to sustain. His last message was a funny "
one. Mr. R. said he had long had a strong per- ;
sonal admiration for the character of General Jack-
son, though he had never been his political friend. ,
There was one thing about the old man which
strongly distinguished him: whenever he got into i;
a sciape, or got his friends into one, he never
dodged; he looked the whole matter square in the ,,
face, and not unfrequently looked it out of counte- j,
: nance. That was the Old Hickory. He had an ;i
j immediate successor who always seemed to think
j that he escaped a danger if he could but shun it.
j Whenever he found one of his measures unpopular
• he dodged behind his Secretaries; the-Secretaries
1 dodged behind the clerks; and the clerks dodged
! behind their—insignificance.
' When the " Young Hickory1" came into power
, the spirit of Old Hickory did not return with him*
! He had rather learned in the school of Lindenwald.
I On the Oregon question, for example, Mr. Polk,
| as everybody knew, dodged behind the Senate;
, on the question of tea and coffee he dodged behind
, Mr. Walker; and on the subject of civil govern-
: ment in these conquered territories, he dodged be-
| hind Mr. Marcy, and Mr. Marcy dodged behind
; Commodore Stockton and General ICearny. But
t it was probable, from what they had stated, that
they would follow the example of Mr. McLane,
and come out and tell the whole truth.
So these gentlemen had lost all their eloquence,
Mr. R. presumed they did not consider themselves
toound to stand by their opinions so elaborately
defended. They might perhaps excuse themselves
as they attempted to excuse the President; if they
, had fallen into error, it was only through excess
i of patriotism. Happy paity! Even the faults
and fallings of its leaders "leaned to virtue's
side." They were certainly a choice set of political
| beauties.
But how long did they mean to carry on this
j war? We were, it seemed, to go on till the ex-
; penses of the war were paid. But the longer we
went on with it the greater would the expenses be.
j And how, at the close, would they make up their
l account of them'' Would they charge only the
| money actually spent? Or did they mean to in-
j elude all the old scows that had been sunk—all
the old horses that had been maimed, or had been
fiightened away in the night? Did they mean to
j charge nothing for the bravo men who perished
; before the cannon's mouth, and whose blood be-
| dewed the Mexican battle-fields? Were we to
! charge nothing for them, and yet chaige for the
| beasts and the old scows 5 Or if they meant to
charge for oursacuficed citizen soldiers, how much
. a head would they charge for the men killed ? [A
1 voice: u 160 acres of land,"] Yes; he supposed
■ that might be the valuation in .some quarters. But
no; do not submit that question to the House; go
to the mourning mothers—go to their destitute,
; their helpless orphans, and to their heart-broken
i wives—and let them fix the amount; and we should
i have enough against Mexico to swallow up her
last acre.
We all knew that when a great battle had been
fought, everybody was talking about the glory,
and the name of the victorious general went from
mouth to mouth as a watchword of the national
honor; but who talked or who thought of the poor
fellows who filled a nameless grave? We did not
hear of them. They did but each count one in the
list of killed and buried. But somebody was to settle
for all these. Somebody must square up—must
foot the bill. If the widows and the orphans could
not, God (said Mr. R.) would send the bill to you.
And you cannot dodge then. You cannot say,
" I did not get the letter; Mr. Marcy did not send
it to me in time." No, no; that will not do there;
you must square up. Gentlemen might perhaps
think that the Judge would not take a case against
such respectable defendants; but they had sent one
case of appeal into that court already, and gentle-
men had better be getting ready.
But perhaps Mexico would not allow us so large
a sum. What, then, would the Administration
do? Drive her to the wall? prosecute the war still
fuither? march on to the city of Mexico itself.*
What if they did? Suppose we presented our-
selves before their last refuge. What then? We
should there find that old genuine Castiiian spirit,
that shone so brightly jn their fathers in old Spain.
The ciy would be, No surrender! no capitulation i
but war to the knife! They might there behold,
as was seen m Saragossa, the priests laying aside
their sacerdotal garments, and hallowing the war
by participating in it m person: they would there
see the daughter making a free-will offering of her
ornaments, and delivering them up to the crucible,
to be cast into balls to be fired into the ranks of
their country's invaders, crying, u there! take to
your bosom what you so much covet."
And what after this ? When we had their last
stronghold, what then ? Must we still go on and
exterminate the race, without regard to age, or sex,
