80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 24,
or condition? "VVouid we make the country a des-
ert, that we might be the owners of its deserted
soil? If not, if gentlemen would stop short of this,
then how much short of it? Would they insist on
half? or two-thirds? or three-quarters?
And after they got the country, how were they
to govern it? what would they do with it? The
gentleman from New York said, bring it into the
Union; establish your civil authority over it. Be
it so: and what then? Should it be a free coun-
try, or a country of slaves? Gentlemen must be
ready to meet that question, for it would surely
come. Mr. R. was ready: and he here told north-
ern men, everyone, that meet it they must. It
would not do then to be sick; or to have your
family sick; or to have particular business to attend
to at home. They must be here at their posts,
and they must vote, and vote right: they must do
their whole duty, as, with God's help, Mr. R.
should do his.
There was no division of sentiment at the North.
On this question the whole North went as one
man. Northern men in that House would have
to stand up to the mark, and do the will of their
constituents. And then, if the men of the South
did, as he doubted not they would do, as they had
a perfect right to do, and as they ever had done,
"what was to come of it? He blamed them not.
He wished to God northern men had stood up to
their duty as the South had done for years past.
But they must do it when that question came:
they must be here: the thing must be attended to.
It would not do to dodge the question.
It might be said perhaps that the Democratic
party had a way of stopping dissension among
political fi icnds. Mr. R. knew well how power-
ful their party means always weic when the tunc
of need came; but he doubted whether the gag
would do on this question, as it had done in iceog-
nismg the existence of war with Mexico. And
even if they tried it, regardless of the cost, what
would it avail? The people would not keep still;
they could not be gagged; they would not cease to
agitate; and they would make their voice heard.
Jonathan was hard to provoke; but when once
you did get him up, lie remained at a dead white
heat for a long while. And then, if a representa-
tive faltered, wo to him! The President had not
a land oflicc so far off in the wilderness, nor a sub-
treasury so dark and deep; no, nor a foreign mis-
sion so distant in the furthest ends of the sea,
where he could screen that man from the awakened
wrath of the American people; it would burn after
him and his children to the third and to the fourth
generation.
Were gentlemen ready for this ? Did they count
upon a compromise ? We had had one compro-
mise upon that question when the Union was sha-
ken to its centre; but the man whose labors effected
it was not here. He had given gentlemen timely
warning, but they disregarded it, and now they
must take the conbequcnces.
For himself, Mr. R. would avoid the danger.
He would have prevented the war, but that he
could not do; now he would stop the war, for he j
would preserve the Union. i
Now, it was known that we had a set of anli- j
slavery war men here. The House had heaid from ,
one of them this morning. These anti-slavery war i
men went for prosecuting the war with vigor, and i
then, when we had whipped Mexico and got |
enough of her territory, to exclude slavery from 1
it. But it might prove to be a fact that when the ■
time of treaty-making came, they might miss the j
opportunity of taking their stand against the fur- j
ther extension of the slave power. They relied on i
the opportunity of restricting the action of the |
Government by a second edition of the Wilmot |
resolution, and they counted on the same result, i
They regarded the Democracy now as theDemoc- j
racy had regarded them at the Baltimore Conven- j
tion. They went into the trap with their eyes |
open; they bit at the naked hook, trusting that the >
party would draw them out. But he warned them >
that they would have rebellion in their own camp. 1
The Thanes would ily from them, and these very
men might, perchance, find themselves humbug-
ged once more. One Baltimore Convention was
not enough, but they would find the President had
made a treaty by which an the conquered territo-
ry was surrendered without condition. Let it be
remembered he had the initiative m all such trans-
actions. Did they think the President would in-
sist on any anti-slavery provision? Not he. He
would carefully keep the door open for the exten-
sion of slavery, if he could. They might calculate
on this; he would make such a treaty, and the Sen-
ate would confirm it. The .cry might again be,
" Look to the Senate 1" Yes, and they might look
in vain. What would they do then? How would
they help themselves? What would become of
that glorious stand they were to take?
All he had to say to those gentlemen was, look
to it in time. Those gentlemen who had been so
silent heie, who dared not open their mouth to re-
sist the course of the Administration on that floor,
when the time and the day of trial came, might
find that the whole affair had been already done at
the White House, nnd their anti-slavery protest
would never be heard of again.
For the opinions he had avowed here, and for
the vote he had given against the war, he had been
violently denounced. Fie was rebuked for it the
very next day by a gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Gordon;] and so endeaiedhad he been by
that rebuke to his own constituents, that they had
taken him to themselves. After the fourth day
of Maich next, they wanted him at home. De-
nounced as lie was, Mr. R. had been put up in
his district as the people's candidate; he had had
a strong opponent; but he went up boldly to the
polls, and had told the voteis the vote he had
given; he had told them further, that he had no
apology to offer for it, but, on the contrary, if re-
elected, he should do the same again; that if they
wanted to give the Pre&identany help in extending
the area of slavery, lie was not the man to do it.
In 1844, the Whigs recaptured the district from
the enemy, and took ail their posts and establish-
ments by nioie than five hundred majority. The
contest had turned chiefly on the vote for himself,
as a candidate for reelection. His old gray-head-
ed colleague, who found himself so much praised
by gentlemen on the other side, knew it all to be
true, and Mr. Jy. had been returned for the next
Congress by very nearly one thousand majoiity.
So much for what his constituents thought of his
couise. But that was all over at home. But,
coming here, he found the old threadbare charge
reiterated against him, and reechoed by every
little paltry a>cvcn-by-nine Locofoeo print, and
every brawling bar-room politician. He was con-
demned here—but by whom? He found the con-
demnation of his course in the President's message;
but that portion of it had excited but one feeling
through the country—that of shame and humilia-
tion, that the Chief Magistrate of such a country, oc-
cupying, as he did, the chair once filled by Wash-
ington, should condemn the conduct of his fellow-
citizens on a charge so base. It was ta.se in more
respects than one. It was not boldl^and openly
made. It wanted an innuendo to make it go in a
prosecution for slander. If he wanted to say that
those who opposed war were traitors, let him speak
it plainly. When Mr. R. looked at the author of
this charge, and saw him intriguing with Santa
Ana—a man distinguished by a larger amount of
talent, and a deeper hatred to the United States
than any and all other men in Mexico—lie asked,
whether that was not giving 14 aid and comfort" to
an enemy? But how happened it that this Presi-
dent came out and peached on his accomplice, and
made such a declaration before the whole world ?
If that betrayal ever reached Santa Ana, he would
doubtless hold that such an act of treachery ought
to consign a man to the gallows. Everybody
knew that such peaching on an accomplice as that
would not be tolerated even in Newgate. No;
the President, if he would engage in such a plot,
should at least have died " game," and not peached
on his confederate. Old Hickory would never
have done that, tie would have said, 44 Never!
by the Eternal."
In support of his positions here, Mr. R. intended
to quote in his printed speech documentary evi-
dence, though itwould be nothing new; it required
no new references to support it.
As to the question how he should vote hereafter,
he should judge of gentlemen's mcasuies when
they brought them forward. He would not pledge
himself beforehand. As to being bound before-
hand by his constituents, he might do just as he
pleased, so far as they were concerned.
Mr. SAWYER here wanted the floor to make
some inquiry.
But Mr. ROOT cried: " No—you cannot inter-
rupt me; I do not yield the floor."
Mr. SAWYER persisted in his request, and
Mr. ROOT in his refusal. He said if the Ad-
ministration would bring up all the appropriations
they should want for the year, and put the whole-
amount together, he would pledge himself to vote
the previous question on their bill. He should not
be long in deciding how he should vote on the bdi
itself.
Mr, R. would draw no comparison between the
course of fel*e Whigs who said the war was right,
and then voted for it, and those who said it was
wrong, and then voted for it. For himself, he was
not afraid either to vote or to speak against the
war. If, indeed, it were a war of defence, and the
question was to defending our wives and children
against invaders, there would be but one opinion
and one course; but we were in no such danger.
He spoke freely his own free opinions. No man
had a right to tell him what was the Whig creed.
Gentlemen must act to suit themselves; his own
constituents were always* suited. And now he
wanled all the gentlemen around him clearly to
understand that if they wanted the floor, now
was the time.
Mr. BOWLIN next addressed the committee.
He had hoped that when their armies were in the
field, gentlemen would not have instituted inquiries
about nice questions of international law. it had
been matter of much regret to him to witness that
debate from dny to day. There -should be but one
sentiment now. Intestine controversy should cer-
tainly have been avoided. But was it not most
glorious to reflect, that after a six month's cam-
paign, they had nothing to do- there' but dispute
about the territories they had won? While the
discussion was proceeding, the glory of that uar
had established the national chaiacter on the proud-
est basis. lie, for one, felt proud of the acquisi-
tions that had been made; and he hoped he would
be able to vindicate those assailed in consequence
of that ti iumphant prosecution of the war. He had
made notes of the opposition speeches, but those1
who had preceded him had ably answered almost
all the points to which he had intended to reply.
The gentleman fiom Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] as-
sumed, in the outset of his speech, that he was led
to speak to show that he was not ashamed to
speak. Why afraid to speak—why fancy that he
or his party was assailed ? The assault came from
his own patty. The discussion was brought on
by gentlemen on the opposite side who impeached
the President for the conduct of the war. If his
(Mr. B.'s) friends had turned the tables on their
opponents it was the fortune of war, and the gen-
tlemen opposite must make the best of it, and sub-
mit with what grace they could to the fate. It was
difficult for gentlemen to find proof for their asser-
tion that there was no ground for the war. The
causes of the war had been fully piesented. It was
admitted that Mexico owed the United States a
debt. But that was treated with levity, and refer-
ence was made to the fact that some of the States-
were unable to meet thcii obligations. Was that
a reason why the nation should submit to every
species of outiuge and wrong? Mexico acknow-
ledged her indebtedness, and refused to pay. But
the true cause of war was the annexation of Texas
—ah act introduced in that House by a Whig
member. Texas was as free and independent as
Mexico ever was. They thought proper to annex
her; that was the offence. Mexico had no more
to do with that than she would have had in case
of annexation of the Canadas. As to striking the
first blow, it was quite immaterial. Indeed the
party who struck the first blow was generally to
be icgardcd us the more gallant. The forbearance
of the United States had been abused. But it was
said that the United States troops were on Mexi-
can territory. They were on disputed territory,
and cither Government had the right to place their
armies there. But it was the people who had re-
solved upon the war, and the alacrity of the vol-
unteers was one of the best possible evidences of
the popular approbation of the war.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,}
followed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,]
endeavored to assail the President on the Oregon
question. That belonged to the fifty-four forty
men. But he (Mr. B.) met the assumption of the
first gentleman, [Mr. Gentry,] that the President
acted with duplicity. What were the facts? When
Mr. McLane went out, did not he carry out with
him the identical offer made at the time of a settle-
ment? Certainly. Where, then, the duplicity?
The President had uniformly declared that our
