1846.
■the congressional globe.
87
title was clear to 54° 40', and the attempt to assail i
him was wholly unfounded in facts.
They were told again and again that this was a
war of conquest. He had endeavored to show [
that the war was justifiable. Now, whether it was j
to be a war of conquest, depended on the gallantry |
of their forces. They had to advance upon the [
foe or retreat. If they advanced, it was said to be i
the President's war, and he was assailed for it. ,
If they retreated, the same clamor would be raised.
What would they have the army do ? When the
armies were put there on the Rio Grande, and they
were attacked by tlie Mexicans, were they to be
stayed by an artificial line ? Certainly not. The
advance into Mexico was an incident of the war,
wholly independent of any real or imagined pur-
pose in the Government of the United States. Had
the army receded or refrained from pursuing and .
punishing the enemy, they would have heard the j
universal shout of disapprobation. But the Presi- .
dent, it was said, had some vast scheme of territo- i
rial aggrandisement. Why ? Because their arms ,
had been successful! But they were told again ;
and again that they were establishing government !
in these provinces. Now, he called the attention ^
of gentlemen to the distinction between the procla- ;
Illations and the acts of the generals. Had they I
done a single improper act ? i hey found them-
selves in possession of territory: what were they i
to do? In the spirit of humanity and civilization,
approbation to those things which his friends in
that House had defended. Who there approved
of certain acts of the military officers? Who ap-
proved of the order to elect a delegate? They had
defended the President on the ground that he had
a right to establish temporary government there.
But the gentleman spoke of the President as con-
federating with Santa Ana. It was an utterly
ridiculous charge, and he (Mr. B.) was astonished
at the hardihood of gentlemen in making such a
charge in the presence of that enlightened body.
The "President instructed the blockading squadron
not to intercept Santa Ana. Did any man doubt
the object or the policy? -They knew that the
President acted on the principle that if Santa Ana
could get into Mexico, the rival chiefs might go to :
war, and by civil commotion aid the efforts of the
j United States. It was a consummate piece of pol-
icy, prompted by the noblest patriotism. Would
I gentlemen, then, tell the people that the President
1 should have labored to preserve the brotherhood
I of the Mexican people? The President had done j
nothing but what he was bound to do by the most ;
I sacred=obligdtions of patriotism. He would not >
i do the gentlemen the discredit of imputing to them i
! anything but malevolence to the Administration |
' which piompled them in their assaults. He char- i
1 ac.teriz.ed the assaults on the Executive as disgrace- i
By Mr. LEWIS: Tlie petition and papers of Thomas
Copeland, praying pigment foe services rendered tu the
Government: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. McILVAINE: The petition of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to adopt measures for such alter-
ation of the Constitution and laws of the United States as
may abolish siaverv throughout the Union.
Bv Mr. BARRINGER: The memorial and petition of W.
L. Clarke and others, praying indemnity for French spolia-
tions: referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Bv Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of the executor of
Colonel Pluhp Van Cortlandt, for commutation pay.
By Mr. STEWART: The petition and documents of Jo-
seph Taylor and Peter Myers, praying for pensions for ser-
vices rendered during the late war: referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions. .
By Mr RAMSEY: The petition of Joseph Parrot, of Ohio,
pravin? for reissue of land sciip.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The memorial of George Eekert,
administrator of John Eckert, jr., deceased, of Pennsylvania,
askinz indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Oil Creek post office, in Crawford county,
Pennsylvania, to the house of James Brewley, near Sugar
Creek Lake, in said county. Also, a petition of citizens of
Penusvlvania, prayirui for a mail route from the borough of
Warren, in Warren' ooiinty, Pennsylvania, to the eity of
Erie, ill Erie coinitv, via Watfobure, Beaver Dam, Colum-
tms, Wrislitsviile. Pittsfield, Youn«*ville, and Irvine. Re-
feripd to the Committee on Post Oflices and Post Roads.
By Mr. WILLIAMS : Tlie petition of John Millet, for a
pension. Helen oil to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
feions.
By Mr. ANDERSON : The petition of Hannah Stevenson,
for <i pension, wjdow of Frederick P. Stevenson, an officer
i ful. It was much easier to blacken a reputation jl of the Revolution.
! than to maintain one. The gentleman from Ten- , B.v Mr. THOMASSON: A petition in favor of increasing
. in* i! ■  j • i i i k*   ,i . ! the oen^ion ot butueilaud Mayfield. Referred to the Com-
they had extended to those provinces the blessings n nessee had said that the recollection of the taunt- 1 J",ett?e on Invll,lri prions.
ofamild o-overnment. He alluded to the conduct ing question, " Who is James K. Polk?" prompted |.: Bv jjr. AUGUSTUS A. CHAPMAN: Tlie petition of
of the British military officers in the last war, in .[the President to dash ahead. Pie (Mr. B.) be-ij James Brownies, of the county of Botetourt, praying to be
Michigan, in proof of the legality of the procedure \ lieved that the Whig party was now pretty sick |! relieved asainst the loss of a military land warranto
- '  .:-.i 1 n/i„„: i 0f that question. But the gentlemen on the op-!
posite side, accustomed to fight for men and not \
principles, didnotunderstand theDemocraticparty. j
That party cared nothing for men. They con- j
tended for great principles, and they spurned to ;
know men as contradistinguished ftoin principles. !
It was to men—to exalted men—that the opposite j
party looked. But the Democratic party cared not 1
who was their standard-bearer. But he whom
in establislunggovemment in the conquered Mexi-
can territories. All that was a palliative exercise
of military authority after conquest. What would
gentlemen have done? The acquisition of terri-
tory resulted from the gallantry of their armies,
and would gentlemen have them to expend blood
and treasure, only to relinquish territory when
conquered? This was no time to cavil and quib-
ble. about such points. What would gentlemen
hundred and sixty acres. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lauds.
By Mr. BOYD : The petition ofBeniamin Allen, of ClarK
county, in the State of' Kentucky, praying for a pension.
Referred to the Committee oil Revolutionary Pensions.
themselves have done in similar circumstances ji they choose to bear their standard they abide by
• i • i .  A   <1 ^ i TT.  ,1 jitKa Tonioo T< Mf-illr «roO IF
to those in which the American commanders were
placed ? Certainly they could not have acted more
wisely. General Kearny was a true soldier—he !
came from his (.VIr. J !. 's j own State and city j but
he was not a learned civilian, and if he did not
altogether avoid error, was that error to be chaiged
upon the President of the United States? He
would tell gentlemen that when they thumped
away at General Kearny, they were hitting one of
their staunehest friends in the same State. The
General did no act in New Mexico—setting aside
the bombast proclamation of a victorious command-
er that had been consummated, or was likely to
be consummated, that was contrary to law. But
it was said that he had directed the election of a
delegate. The President had disapproved of that,
and there was an end of it. But the whole govern-
ment there was wholly temporary, and intended to
be temporary. They then went on to speak of
California. What was the fact there? The Uni-
ted States citizens there were pressed, and they
turned upon their assailants. The result was the j
conquest of the Californias. The government j
was thrown into their hands. Were not the peo-
ple to be protected ? And did not Colonel Fremont
do exactly what was right ? Ah! hut the design
was to get California! Gentlemen were arguing
on a question before it had come up. If they saw
fit to hold California, they would hold to it. Now,
he put it to gentlemen again, and called on them to
take it home to themselves, that when they assailed
the Piesident as a usurper, what would they have
done in the like circumstances ? Let them answer
as patiiots, and as candid nnd honorable men. If
the war lasted, the same charges would doubtless
be reiterated; but the United States were bound to
conquer a. peace, and could not stop shoit of that
without dishonor and disgrace.
It was asked what the President sought by the
war? Peace was sought. That had been their
object from the first. He then entered into a brief
review of the repeated overtures to Mexico belore
the war commenced. But war had commenced.
What was to be done? Would gentlemen recall
the army? He held there was but one couise m
war. No nation should go to war till she is con-
vinced she is right, and then she was obliged to
prosecute the war till she obtained an honoiable
peace. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr, Root] con-
soled himself that the President had refused his
He" cared not who James K. Polk was. If en-;i
dorsed by the Democratic party, be the standard- ['
bearer who he might, they loved and cherished :}
and sustained him to the last. Why was that jj
question asked? Was it to remind them thai we ;j
did not choose the most exalted man in the estima- jj
tiou of the Whigs? The people considered there ^
was more virtue in tjie body of the nation than in ,!
the ranks of mere political partisans. Whom the jj
people had made their highest representative they jj
ever would sustain, and in support of the President j|
in the present crisis the nation would rally as one jj
man. * i;
Mr. B. having concluded,
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor to j j
Mr. SAWYER, who yielded to a motion that |j
the committee rise; which prevailing, the commit- |:
tee rose, and reported progress. j
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet again on Monday next.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL,
IN SENATE.
M o\-i> \v, December 2)3, 184G.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved .
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by the hands of his
Private Secretary.
PETITIONS. %
Mr. SPEIGHT presented the petition of Alfred
White, praying to bo refunded for moneys exact-
ed from him unjustly by the Post Office Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of the Trustees
of Columbia College, in the city of New York,
asking the restoration of the privilege hitherto en-
joyed to import scientific works and philosophical
appaiatus for the use of the college free of duty;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial in behalf of the Reverend Peter
Parker, Secretary and Interpreter to the Chinese
mission, asking compensation for his services as
acting commissioner in China; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of the
Faculty of Bowdoin College, Brunswick, Maine,
the bill for the more.3asy asc,a-ta.ning of the names j jphilosophical apparatus
of the owners of ships vessels in roduc^l by j p y g ^ ^ Qf coU and mher Ut
him a day or two since, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
i ureiiuuti, uray mi, -
The following petitions and memorials weie mrn QUr mimsters and charges from abroad;
: presented under the rule, and referred to the ap- - whic(l wa5! refel.red to the Committee on Foreign
imported for the use of colleges and other literary
and scientific institutions, maybe dutyfree; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr, ARCHER presented the memorial of Wil-
liam M. Blackford, late charge d'affaires to New-
Grenada, praying the usual allowance on the re-
! propriate committees:
'• By Mr. RUSSELL: Tlie petition of William M. Roberts, j
1 of Clinton county, Now Yoik, for an increase of Ins pen- ,
•i S*°Bv Mr. LEVIN: The memorial of shipmasters and ship- j
!! owners of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in favor ot the s.-c-
!! tional dry-dock basins and railways for the use ot the navy I
I! of tile United States, at the dry-dock at the above port. ,
iivMr ATKINSON : The petition of John trover, admin- 1
!' istratoi of John Burk, deceased, playing coniponsntioji foi ,
: spoliations committed by I'ranre prim to the year • i
refcrieu to tile Committee on Foreign Affairs. i
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition ot the Faciilt., of
Watemlle College,™ tlie State of Maine, that the tarift aw ,
of the last session may lie so modified as to repeal the duty
on books and philosophical appaiatus for tne use of the ,
hisliei institutions oflearnin;
Relations. .
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the memorial
of citizens of New Haven, Connecticut, praying
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the select committee on that
subject,
Till'. DAVIS presented the memorial of \V. 1.
G. Morton, offering to the Government, for the
use of the army and navy, the purchase of his pro-
cess for preventing pain in surgical operations;
which was referred to a select committee on the
subject, to be appointed by the Vice President.
Jslr BREESE presented the memorial ot Uriah
Brown, of Illinois,Relative to a system of uoast
jeggs3w2rifskssar!! toflfc 7"'s
river St. Lawrence: referred to the Committee on Com <J ge£s a jj-nnciplc in oilensive and de-
merce.
