00
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBf.
=#=
Dec. 28,
nents of the last war with Great Britain. In the
eyes of these gentlemen, their country was always
in the wrong. We never could do anything, in
the way of fighting, with anybody, but we were
always wrong, and our enemies were always in
the right. This sentiment had appeared most con-
spicuously in the speech of one of his colleagues,
[Mr. Giddings.] What was his language about
this war, and the purpose for which it was waged ?
[Mr. S. here quoted the speech of Mr. G., in which
he said that the President evidently meant to hold
on upon the conquered provinces; and denounced
tine war as piratical—a war for robbery—an Ex-
ecutive war, &c.] He said he meant "to incorpo-
rate this part of bis colleague's speech at full length
with his own, and then let his constituents judge
between them.
He meant to read a little of what had been said
by the old Federalists in the la^t war; and he
would show that ins colleague had copied almost
verbatim, in his tirade against the President, the
language formerly used against Mr. Madison by
the Federal party. "Ah, yes, by the Federalists;
but we are not Federalists—we are Whigs; we
arc the Whig party." Yes; and when did they
become "the Whig party?" In 1832, or there-
abouts. But they were as legitimately entitled to
be called Federalists as the Federalists of 1812.
But Mr. S. should go back beyond that; he would
trace them up to the days of and show that
they used the same language with the old Tories.
He did not charge them with being Tories; he did
not believe they were; but a stranger, to hear
the language of the Tories in the Revolution and
the Whigs in the present war, would pronounce
the two parties to be twin sisters. Be this as it
might, he meant to judge them out of their own
mouths, and prove what he had said, " themselves
being judges," (as they had heard the day before
from then Chaplain, in his sermon.)
The Whig party dated as far back as 1832 or
1834; before that time, they had been known as
" the National Republican party,'" as " the Ameri-
can System party," the "Administration party,"
and "All-the-deccncy party." Under these watch-
words they rallied, and were defeated. They had
found it necessary to change their party names at
every election; but under every change they failed.
Then a jfrand consultation was held, and they
adopted the name of "Whigs," and under that
flag they had sailed ever since. It was very true
that they had oncc come into power under that
name, or rather under another, which was likely
to become as deeply disgraceful as the old name
of Tory had been. Mr. S. had some knowledge
of the animal fiom which that name had been
borrowed. Its habits were peculiar. To avoid
its pursuers, by breaking the trail, it would run up
a tree, and, climbing to the extremity of the out-
most branches, would drop thence upon the ground;
or, if the tree leaned against, or touched, another
tree, it would run down that. At other tunes, it
would throw itself into a stream, and continue Us
pi ogress in the watei foi a great distance, so that
its track should be hidden, and nothing left by
which its course could be tiaced. Just such had
been the couise of the Whiy; party. At one time
they called themselves "Federal Republicans;"
but they dropped that, to avoid being tracked.
Then they dived down and took the water, and
came out "American System" men; but their pur-
sucis were stillat their heels, tracing outthe identity
of the patty from name to name. Atlast,afteralong
break, they were once more seen as "Whigs;" and
then the Democratic party were obliged to resort to
facts, to piove that it was still the same "crittur."
Now, his colleague [Mi\Gu>dings] told the nation in
his speech [here he quo ted] that all the precious Mood
spilt in Mexico would be found on the President's
skirts, and ho threatened him with judgment be-
yond the limits of time; and then he had gone on
to say that the war was calculated to awaken the
feelings of a moral and religious people, and his
only wonder had been that the pulpit had not taken
a moie conspicuous stand against the war. Now,
Mr, S. would show a little of what sort of stand
the pulpit had taken in 1812. He held in his hand
sonic specimens of pulpit oratory vented at that
time. A Mr. Gardiner, pastor of Trinity Church,
Boston, had told his congregation, {"here Mr. S.
quoted a sermon.] Yes, there was pulpit eloquence
for gentlemen; and they desired (did they?) that the
pulpit should speak in the same strain now. But
lie could tell gentlemen that the pulpit had taken a
few lessons since that time. His colleague had
undertaken to arraign the supporters of this war at
the bar of Heaven, (just as parson Gardiner had
done at Boston;) and his other colleague [Mr. Root]
had followed in the same track, denouncing upon
them eternal vengeance, and warning them that at
that bar they could find no advocate to plead their
cause. Now, Mr. S. might say, in reply to this,
that he greatly feared that neither of these gentle-
men would ever enter where the cause was to be
tried. But hear what the pulpit threatened to the
friends of America and opponents of England in
1812. [Here Mr. S. quoted the Boston sermon,
where it denounced on the friends of Mr. Madi-
son's war the vengeance of eternal fire."] That,
he supposed, was the condemnation to be de-
nounced by the pulpit against the friends of the
present war. And this, it seemed, induced his col-
league to ask the aid of the pulpit in behalf of the
Whig party. Again, he could tell his colleague
that the pulpit would take very good care to keep
clear of any such course hereafter; it had learned
a lesson on that matter which would not soon be
forgotten. Mr. S. said he had plenty more of the
same sort: he might read hundreds of sermons in
the same strain; and he could quote hundreds of
resolutions such as the Whigs were passing now*
putting our own country all in the wrong and
Britain in the right. These gentlemen could shed
pious tears over the death of Mexicans: they call-
ed it murder and piracy—unprovoked/butchery of
a peaceable unoffending people! massacre of de-
fenceless women and children! It might be a fact
that some women, and children too, had perished in
the conflict. When had it been otherwise? Did
these gentlemen shed any of these tender tears and
vent any of these doleful complaints when the
British turned their Indians on ouV fiontier ? Were
no women and no children butchered then? But
one of their leading men could declare in open
Senate, that though the British were battering the
walls of the Capitol, he would not vote a dollar to
be put in the hands of the President to pievent it.
Such was their language then, and such it was
now.
Gentlemen charged that the blood of our soldiers
and our officers was on the skirts of the Administra-
tion and its friends. He told them it was on theirs.
The Federal press throughout the country had
condemned Mr. Polk for the war; had pronounced
it an unholy war, an unjust war, a damnable war.
He would read a paragraph or two from the im-
maculate editors of the New York Tribune and
from the Ohio State Journal as an example of this,
[lie then lead an aiticle of Mr. Greeley's, in
which it was declared that in this war " the laws
of Heaven were suspended, and the lj®s of hell
substituted m their stead," &c.] It seemed that
the ghosts of the dead were stalking through this
Hall and haunting thegentlcmen on the other side.
[He then read from the Ohio State Journal, which
he said was the Whig organ of the State, and from
the Evening Register, which declared " that those
who prayed for the right must of necessity pray
for our enemies, for the enemy^vvas in the right,"
&-c.]
Thus it was that by speeches and by the press
gentlemen on the other side gave " aid and com-
fort" to the enemy. These speeches of members
of Congress and these articles in the Whig papers
had gone through ail Mexico, and were read in
" the halls of the Montezumas." And by language
like this the Government-and people of Mexico
were strengthened and encouraged to believe that
a large and powerful party in'"the United States
were on their side. Now, he would ask gentle-
men to suppose that articles of such a strain were
published in the Mexican papers against the Mexi-
can side of the question. What would be their
cfFect here? Should we not at once conclude that
Mexico was divided, that there was a rupture in
her councils, and that she would soon have to
submit—.just as the British ministry and nation
thought in the last war, and just as they had con-
cluded in the war of the Revolution? But they
were mistaken in both cases, and Mr. S. could
here tell the Mexicans that the great body of the
American people were not against the war; but,
on the contrary, believed it just, and were resolved
to prosecute it to a successful issue.
Gentlemen objected to taking Mexican territory
as indemnity for what Mexico owed for spolia-
tions and robberies; this they denounced as unjust,
unconstitutional, oppressive, cruel, and devilish.
But his colleagues (both lawyers) must give him
leave to tell them that this was just what they did
themselves every day. They had done it a thou-
sand times for their own clients, whether the par-
ties were willing or unwilling. If it was damnable
in us to do it to Mexico, it was no less so in these
gentlemen to do it to their neighbors. But it was
not damnable, nor cruel, nor unjust, at all; but
right, perfectly right. We had got a judgment
against the Mexican Government; they acknowl-
edged the debt, but refused to pay. One of" their
Congresses had passed an act ordering payment to
be made us, but the next Congress had repealed
the law. Well, it was said they were unable to
pay; they had no money. Then, we then took
out a distress warrant, and put it into the hands
of General Taylor, to levy on their lands and chat-
tels, make the money, and return the warrant into
court. Was this wrong? Was this damnable?
Did not these very gentlemen themselves do that
very thing every day? It was their business, their
trade; they shed no pious tears over their neigh-
bors whose property was distrained. They knew
it was right. How happened it that when Eng-
land made her conquests we heard from these gen-
tlemen none of this mourning? Oh no; it was all
right then; it was all well enough; nod—n was
threatened. But when we insisted only on our
own, what an outcry was raised ! what doleful
lamentations over the murdered Mexicans !
A gentleman fioin North Carolina had under-
taken to prove to him that the Whigs were not
opposed to the war, becausc the Legislature of that
State had voted money to pay the expenses of
clothing the volunteers who were going to fight the
Mexicans. Yes, they had voted the resolution,
but under what circumstanccs? After adopting a
preamble," in which the Legislature declared that
the President had caused the war. This blurred
all the patriotic brightness that the act would other-
wise have had. It divested it of all claims to
patriotism. That was the way the Whijjs showed
themselves patriotic. They could never do a hand-
some patiiotic thing without encumbering it with
"ifs," and "whys," and "wherefores," and
" thereforcs."
Mr. S. said that his colleague [Mr. Gjddings]
had boasted very loudly about his being sustained
by his district.
Mr. GIDDINGS disclaimed having made any
such boast.
Mr. SAWYER begged his pardon; it was his
other colleague [Mr. Root] who had done it.
This colleague had boasted much about his large
majority, and how his people sustained him, do
what he would. But the gentleman was mistaken.
Tie would be a minority Representative in the
next Congress. A majority of five hundred and
five votes had been cast against him. He was in a
minority in his own district; nor did he stand
alone in this matter; there were three or four more
in the same predicament. A plurality of candi-
dates had been run by the opposite party, and
among the strife these gentlemen got elected. But
they were not representatives of the majority of
the constituents in their districts. But Mr. S.
could boast with truth that his district had sus-
tained him: for though he had gone the whole
figure, fifty-four-forty and all, they had increased
his majority by four hundred votes over all the
other candidates. Mr. S. occupied a proud posi-
tion: his boasting colleague did not. He had been
condemned by the people; a majority of his dis-
trict had not sustained him. A mere fortuitous
circumstance had given him his seat.
Certain gentlemen from Massachusetts had con-
demned the last war, both in Congress and at
home, and agreed with the fulminations of the
pulpit and the anti-war resolutions adopted in their
State. Their constituency had returned some of
the same men. One gentleman told the House he
had been reelected by a majority of nine hundred.
No doubt it was so: and it only showed that his
constituents were against this war like himself,
because they hoped to make a little political capi-
tal by it.
Mr. GIDDINGS here made some explanation,
scarce a word of which reached the reporter, but
having reference, as he understood, to the Ohio
election. And a colloquy took place between him
and Mr. Sawyer as to the politics of somebody
who had been a Democrat, and was now an Abo-
litionist. It ended by
Mr. SAWYER saying that there was very little
