94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 29,
Mr. B. observed, that of the twenty-six regi-
ments of volunteers who had been sent to Mexico,
there were but two or three who were possessed
of decent clothing for the campaign. He should
not now stay to discuss the question whether that
was their fault or not. The fact was, that the
Government had furnished to each man forty-two
dollars as commutation for clothing; that is, they
had advanced to the volunteer that sum. ' But
many had to purchase their clothing on the credit
of Government, when it was uncertain whether
the Government would pay; hence they had to pay
one-half more than the fair price; and some of them
had to purchase two suits, so as to be uniform
with their regiments. Then the expenses of trav-
elling, (which Government did not pay,) and of
some necessary equipments, absorbed most of the
money, save a little, which he feared they had
wasted. The clothing they now had had been
worn and slept in for six months; of course it was
a good deal worn out. And now, when the in-
clement season was coming; on, and those southern
iinorthers" began to blow, which made their way
through flesh and bones, and pierced to the very
marrow, the poor men were miserably provided
for. They could not buy; and if they could, the
articles would be altogether beyond their means.
The Government had been in the habit of furnish-
ing to the regulars in advance of their actual neces-
sity for clothes, according to the army estimates;
and in this it had done prudently and wisely.
There was now at Camargo, and several oilier
places, much Government clothing in depot—■
fatigue suits, which could be distributed to the vol-
unteers, and received as part of their pay. It was
the wish of General Taylor that this clothing
should be so disposed of. The army desired it
themselves. These poor fellows did not wish to ,
go to the field lilve FalstafF's regiment; when they
went to hnrl defiance in the face of the foe, they
wished to look, while they did so, something like
decent men. It would cost the Government noth-
ing; the clothes were on the spot, and this would
be a mere advance to the volunteers on account of
their pay. He trusted that, by a suspension of
the rules, this resolution could pass the House to-
day, (unanimously, as he trusted,) so that it might
be sent to-morrow to the Senate; he should esteem
it a great favor. He wished for leave to take as
much clothing as imjjht be at Cnmargo. The
army would be under great obligations to Con-
gress for an act in which justice mingled with
liberality.
Mr. in conclusion, returned his thanks to the
House for the attention (rather greater than usual)
with which they had listened to the few remarks he i
had deemed it his duty to make. He attributed it to I
nothing lie had done or seen or suffered, but merely !
to the tact that he had come fresh from our army,
and had been honored to speak in its name and be-
half; and he received it gratefully as a token of
respect shown to them. In return, he could only
«ay that he could pledge himself for tliatarmy that
it would do its duty and its whole duty to the
country. It was burning for the advance; it pant-
ed for such another conflict as that of Monterey ;
beneath the walls ofMexico; but, at the same rime, j
it desired peace—honorable peace—a peace con- j
quered by our arms. Mr. B. believed that, if
suitably sustained, the army would conquer that
peace, and sign it in the palaces ofMexico within
four months. At the same time, he was most
thoroughly convinced, that if not ended within the
next five months, it never would be brought to a !
close on terms honorable to the United States. j
Mr B., 111 conclusion, expressed the hope that ]
the House would, with unanimity, adopt a joint j
resolution he should offer. It had been drawn by !
the Secretary of "VVar with his own hand, and its i
objpet had the entire approbation of General Tay- I
lor. If Congress should pass it, the volunteers 1
would esteem it an act of great kindness and lib-
erality. When Mr. B. concluded,
Mr. Mc.DANIKL moved that the committee
rise, that the House might forthwith pass the reso-
lution.
question, however, in the Committee of the
Whole, being on the resolutions referring the
1 resident's message—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, withdrew the
amendment which was pending on his motion.
The question was then put on the resolutions,
and the)7 were agreed to.
Mr. JACOB 1 IiOMPSON moved that the com-
mittee rise and report them to the House. The
motion prevailing—
The committee rose, and the Chairman (Mr.
Hamlin) reported that the committee having, ac-
cording to order, had the state of the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
message of the President of the United States, had
come to the following resolutions thereon; which
were read and concurred in by the House, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, 1st. That so much of the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States to the
two Houses of Congress at the present session as
relates to the existing war with Mexico, to the
j granting of letters of marque and reprisal, together
i with the accompanying correspondence in relation
! thereto, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
j Affairs.
2d. That so much of the said message as relates
to the condition and operations of the army, to the
propriety of speedily filling up the rank and file of
the same, to the erection of fortifications in the
conquered provinces ofMexico, together with Ihe
report of the Secretary of War, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
3d. That so much of the said message as relates
to the condition and operations of the nary, to the
increase of the same, especially in sea-steamers to
be added to cach of our foreign squadrons, together
with the report of the Secretary of the Navy, be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
4th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the condition of the treasury, to the means of
obtaining money to prosecute the war with Mexico,
to the modification of the act passed the 6th day of
August, 1840, to provide for the better organiza-
tion of the treasury, to the propriety of sustaining
the tariff act of 1846, and the imposition of duties
upon articles now embraced in the free list, the
establishment of a branch mint in the city of New
York, and the establishment of custom houses in
Oregon, be referred to the Committee ofWavs and
Means.
5th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the graduation and reduction of the price of the
public lands, to the establishment of a surveyor
general's office, and bringing the public lands in
the Oregon territory into market, the grants of land
in said territory to actual settlers, and the disposi-
tion of the mineral lands, be referred to the Com
mittee on Public Lands.
6th. That so much of the said message as re- !
lates to the establishment of a Terriforiargovcrn- I
ment and the extension of jurisdiction and laws of
the United States over Oregon territory, be refer-
red to the Committee on Territories.
7th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the progress and condition of the mail service,
the operations of the Post Office Department, the
establishment of post oifices and post-routes in
Oregon, the modification of the law regulating the
rates of postage, together with the report of the
Postmaster General, be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
8th. That so much of the said message as relates
to the making provision by law for the trial and
punishment of such persons as may be engaged in 1
privateering against the United States be referred '
to the Committee oil Naval Affairs.
9th. That so much of the said message as relates
to our relations with the various Indian tribes, be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BAKER, by the unanimous consent of the
House, introduced the following joint resolu-
tion :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of War be authorized to
cause to be delivered to any officer commanding a
volunteer regiment clothing for the men of the
same, to be delivered to each non-commissioned j
officer, musician, and private, at the price which !
the said clothing has cost the Government; and t
that the amount so delivered to each shall be i
charged on the pay-roll and deducted from his pay; I
and that sucii commanding officer shall be respon-
sible that the said clothing shall be delivered to the
soldiers of his regiment as aforesaid, or returned
to the United States.
The resolution was read a first and second time, j
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved that it be amended i
by adding a proviso, that if any officer was in the
receipt of his pay as an officer in the army and also
as a member of Congress, lus surplus pay over
what was due to him as an officer should be di-
vided among the men of his own command.
Mr. TIBBATTS required that the gentleman
should reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr.'McGAUGHEY said he would do it.
At the request of Mr. HARALSON, an extract
from the report of the Secretary of War recom-
mending the measure provided for in the resolution
was read at the Clerk's table.
Mr. McGAUGHEY now said that, by the ad-
vice of some of his friends, he would withdraw
the amendment he had offered; and, having done
so—
The resolution was then read a third time, and
passed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House several
communications, viz:
I. A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting the memorial and accompanying docu-
ments of Louis W. Trimelli, Esq., consul of the
United States at Oporto, Portugal.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting the usual annual statement of the
contingent expenses of the office of the Secretary
of the Navy, and of the various bureaus of the
Navy Department, made out in detail.
III. A letter from the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, transmitting his report of the
purchase of stationery necessary for the use of
the House of Representatives during the piesent
session.
Mr. WINTHROP (by leave) presented the me-
moiial of W. T. G. Morton, of Boston, proposing
that Congress should purchase, for the use of the
army and navy, a right to use the process of pre-
venting pain during surgical operations; which
was referred to a select committee, consisting of
five members.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 39, IS46.
After prayer by the Rev. Mr. Sprole, Chaplain
of the House of Representatives,
Before the reading of the Journal,
On motion of Mr. MANGUM,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 29, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The following members compose the select com-
mittee appointed yesterday to consider the memo-
rial of W. T. G. Morton, praying Congress to
purchase the right to use his process for prevent-
ing pain during surgical operations, viz: Messrs.
Fries, Relff., Young, Leib, and Toombs.
CLOTHING OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to reconsider
the vote on the passage of the "joint resolution
c authorizing the Secretary of War to furnish cloth-
' ing to the commanding officers of each regiment,
4 to be by them delivered to the men of theirYespec-
] < tive regiments, or returned to the Government."
■ Mr. S., in supporting: his motion, observed, that
as it had been his p?\actice very seldom fo address
; the House, he would state, in a very few words,
| what were his reasons for this motion. ITe de-
: sired that Congress should have some responsibility
. that the soldiers who were fighting the battles of
; our country would receive the benefit of the reso-
. lution which had been adopted. It was not sufR-
j cient,_it was not satisfactory to him, that a large
, quantity of clothing like that to which this resolu-
; tion referred, should be intiusted to the colonel of
I a regiment, unless he was laid under some respon-
sibility that it should be duly delivered. The House
had heard that the lot of our volunteers "in Mexico
was a hard one; that they were badly paid, and
q*ua ^°^ie(^* ^ mi^ht be true: probably it was.
otili Mr. S. was unwilling to set the precedent, to
give to any of our gallant, colonels who might have
received honorable scars, not in battle, but in a
scume, and who came here to tell the House what
it ought to do, a quantity of the public property,
without any security for its faithful distribution.
He wished the colonel to give some bond, as all
other officers did who were charged with the re-
ceipt and distribution of public property, that it
should be faithfully applied.
If the volunteer officers in Mexico were in so
