1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
05
miserable a condition as had been described, they
could have bat little responsibility in their own
property. But the officer who haa addressed the
House yesterday could not be said to be in that
condition. He, at least, must be a responsible
person, for he had received, besides his army pay,
his per diem as a member of Congress, his mileage
also, and, in addition, had drawn, as Mr. S. was
informed, the last cent of the quota of public sta-
tionery to which he was entitled. He presumed,
also, that he got his travelling expenses from
Mexico and back, besides his month's pay as a
colonel. He, therefore, must be considered as a
responsible man. There were others who had not
received as much in money, though a good deal
more in hard knocks. Though Mr. S. had re-
cently received a letter from one of the volunteers,
who had gone from his own State, in which it was
stated that they were veiy comfortable and very
well fed and clothed and provided for, yet Mr. S.
was of opinion that they ought to get more. But
it was not enough for him to know that a gentle-
man had received a commission, either in the army
or in that House, to be sure that he would not
plunder the Government. There was an Arnold
ill the Revolution, who had displayed his valor on
many a battle-field, where he shone like Mars
while doing deeds of death; yet he proved to be a II
traitor. It was not enough "for Mr. S. to believe i
a man to be either a gentleman or an honest man
that he held a commission. He thought he ought j
to be put under bonds, with suitable security, that )
the soldiers should get the clothing which Con-
gross ordered them. :
Although he presumed that the great body of j
our military officers were honest, and our members j
of Congress also, yet in all large bodies, in church
and state, in all great bodies, military, religious,
or political, there were men not worthy of trust.
This gallant colonel was doubtless responsible,
having, as he had already remarked, been in the
receipt of triple pay. There were other officers
who had not been so fortunate; whether they were j
as able and honest he could not say—he believed j
they were; but every commissary in the service i
was laid under bonds for the faithful discharge of !
his trust, and why should not the same be done in ;;
this case ? He hoped the House would not set >'
such a precedent, and would not suffer themselves |
to be carried away so as to engage in unpopular j
legislation. Every man entrusted with public ;
funds ought to give proper security. I
Mr. S. would therefore move a reconsideration !
of the vote of yesterday in relation to soldiers' I
clothing. Either let this officer be put under bonds ;
before he is intrusted with this large amount of
soldiers' clothing, or let it be placed under the
charge of the quartermaster, or the commissary,
who had already given bonds to the Government. \
He thought the commissary the proper officer to J
receive the trust. It was the duty of a colonel to '
light, not by pouring out words, but as he had 1
himself referred to the saying of Demosthenes, by ,
action ! action ! '• action!!!
Mr. S. in conclusion demanded the yeas and
nays on his motion to reconsider.
And the question to rcconsider being taken by j
yeas and nays, it was decided in the affirmative as ;
follows: Yeas 91, nays 59. ^ ;
So the joint resolution was reconsidered; and, ]
on motion of Mr. BUIIT, was referred to the Com- i
mittee on Military Affairs. |
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mil- i
itary AiTairs, reported the following bill, which ;
was twice rend, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered j
to be printed: ;
A BILL to lai^o for a limited time an additional militniy \
force, and ioi other purpose^.
7ieit enae'ed hi/ the Senutc and Howe of Refrc\cnintivcs
Oi" fhi' United Stutcc of America. in Ojw>rc*$ assembled, Thru,
in addition to the pieM-*m imhtaiy establishment of the Uni-
ted States, there >hall he rai-ed or organized, under the di-
loction of the Pio^ident, one raiment < f drayoons and nine
ittSiiiii nt* ofinfjm trv, each to be composed of tim snnic mim-
bei and rank of oommi^MOiifd officers, non-noniiiii^ioned
oiWeix. lrm^KJAnss, private*, &e.,asaie piovufod for a roeri-
m.'nt oi dtuironn^ uml miantiy i cspeotively undet o\ivtm<r
law-, and wlio pisii!! i.h-eive the same pay, lations and
allowances, he subject to tlie same regulations and to the
inles <uid article-* ot war. Provided That it shall be lawful
for the President of the United States, in the iecoss of the
Senate, to appoint :-ueli of the commissioned officers autlio-
ii/.eil by tin* acta? may not be appointed dunnff the prevent
he^ion", whu Ii appointment^ shall lie submitted to the Sen-
ate at tiieir no\t -se-^-iori (or theii advice and consent.
Sf.ci. 2. Andhe it further enacted^ That, dining. the con-
tinuance of the war with Mexiro, the teim of enlistment
of the men to he recruited for the regiments authorized by t
this act, and foi the regiment of dragoons, artillery., infiw- i
try, engineers,, and riflemen, of the present establishment,
shall be "dining the war," or five years, at the option of'
the recruit. :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint one ;
additional major to each of the regiments of dragoons, artil- ,
lerv, infantry, and riflemen, in the army of the United States,
who shall be taken from the captains of the army.
Sec\ 4. And be it farther enacted, That to each of the ;
regimentsofdragoons,artillery,infantry,and riflemen, there 1
.shall be allowed a reeimental quartermaster, to be taken !
from the subalterns of the Jine, who s-lmll be allowed ten |
dollars additional pay per month, and forage for two horses. }
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That there shall be I
allowed and paid to every able-bodied man who shall be ! j
duly enlisted to serve in the army for the term of five years, j
or during the war, a bounty of twelve dollars; but the pay- j
ment of *jx dollars of the said bounty shall be deferred until ,
the reciuit shall have joined the regiment forduty in which ,
lie is to serve. I
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on I
Military Affairs, reported the joint resolution for j
refunding to the several States certain expenses of ;
volunteers, back to the tlouse without amend- ]
ment. Committed to the Committee of the "Whole j
on the state of the Union. [The resolution is pub- ]
lished in yesterday's proceedings].
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported the following bill:
A BILL to increase the efficiency of the regiments and ;
coi ps of the army, anil to provide for disabled and mtirm |
officers. I
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of calling- the States for
resolutions which would not give rise to debate.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the motion so as
to commence the call with the youngest State in the
Union, and call backwards to the State of Maine.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the States
in order for resolutions.
Mr. HAMLIN moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That the refectories in the basement of
this Capitol be closed, unless the keepers thereof
shall suspend entirely the sale of intoxicating
drinks.
Mr. HAMLIN moved the previous question.
Mr. McDANIEL moved to Jay the resolution
on the table; on which motion the yeas and nays
were taken, and there were yeas 18, nays ]20.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question, viz: " "Will the House agree to the
resolution?" was put, and the resolution was
agreed to.
The President notified the House, through his
Private Secretary, Mr. J. K. "Walker, that he had
approved and signed the bill admitting the State of
Iowa into the Union; whereupon,
Mr. RATHBUN informed the House that the
, , „ , „ „ t, . , ;i members elect from the Slate of Towa were pres-
3e it enacted Ly the Senate and House of Representatives t 1 t ■ j ,l, <]r-rl
of the United States of America in Congress ttssemh'ed, That enf, and^desned^to J)e qualified.
when any commissioned officer of the army shall become
. .. .1 i- . f i*. •   1. « ,1.r,C r>r> 11 \7 rnu-Mtn
incapable of peiforming the dutie.s of hi*- office, by reason !
of wounds, a?o,or other infirmities, he shall be retired from j
service on his monthly pay, without rations or other allow- ,
ances whatever; and the officer next m the line of promo- |
tion, efficient in physical power, shall fill the place of such j
retiied officer, with the rations and emoluments belonging j
to that rank, and the pay of the commission from which the
Junior may have been promoted: Provided, That any re-
tired officer entitled to pension, for wounds received in
battle, shall not forfeit his claim thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, to carry out the
provisions of this act, the Secretary of W.\r be, and he is
hereby, authorized, when, in his opinion, the good of the
Arid Mr. S C. Hastings and Mr. Shepherd
Leffler, (Democrats,) Representatives, from tire
State of Iowa, presented themselves, and the
Speaker administered to them the oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and they
took their seats in the House.
Mr. NORRIS introduced a bill for the settle-
ment of the claims of tlie State of New Hampshire
against the United States; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, presented resolutions of the Legislature of
t vice' may require the procedure, to refer the ca^e of anv II New Hampshire, requesting* the Senators and Rep-
•.-qualified officei as aforesaid to an aimy hoard, which ;j resen{atives from that State to urge the passage of
tail oon«Kt of not le-s than .even commissioned officei* ,, for the. extinction of slavery ill the Dis-
til
shall -  ,
of rank and experience, to be detailed by the aeneral-m
chief; and the i-aid hoard shall give their opinion on the
mclits of the case to them refcned, sisn and transmit the
whole proceedings thereon to the Secretary of W ar, to be
laid before the President of the United States for lus con-
firmation or disapproval, and written orders.
Thebill was twice read, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of James
Glynn: which was twice read, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM (previous notice bavins;
been given) introduced a bill to cede certain lands
to the'city of Cincinnati, and for other purposes.
Read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. BURT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be requested to consider the propriety of legislation
to provide subsistence arid quarters for volunteers
from the time of their enrolment until they are
mustered into the service of the United States.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it was ordered that
the committees be now called for reports.
Mr! GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
| measures for the extinction of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; for its exclusion from Oregon
! and the other territories that now or shall hereafter
| belong to the Umted States; for all constitutional
measures for the suppression of the domestic slave
trade; and to resist the admission of any new State
into the Union while tolerating slavery.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
Hampshire in relation to the annexation of Texas,
and the increasing and progressive encroachments
of the slave power.
On motion of Mr. ASHMUN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of repealing so much of the law,approved
March 3,1845, as makes it criminal for any person
to transport or send letters or communications of
any kind in writing, from town to town, or place
to place, unless the same are sent or transported
by some agent of the Government, or some person
in its employ.
j On motion of Mr. WINTHROP,
; Resolved, That the petition of Commander Henry
i Bruce, of the United States Navy, in reference to
I! prize money for the capture of the slaver Spitfire,
  , t. 'i be allowed to be taken from the files, for the pur-
reported a bill for the relief of George Parsons, ji q{. bg. returDed to the memorialist, at his
j which was twice read, and committed to the Com- j, i^ roqllPStf
! mM? POLLOCK ''from the same committee, re- ij Mr. D. P. KINO presented the memorial of the
i norted a bill for the relief of Elisha P. Richards; ;l representatives of the ^ ear y Meeting of the Socie-
S was twice read and referred to the Com- ji ty of Friends of New Lngland. praymg that such
I -It™ nf the Whole !' measures may be adopted as will put a speedy end
! "on -S Mr. McCLELLAND. the Com- ij to the war with Mexico.
mittee on Commerce was discharged from thereon- ■■
Mr. KING moved that the memorial be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed. .
Mr. CHIPMAN asked that the memorial be
; repd.
; And, after it was vend—
I Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to lay the memo-
i rial and the motion to print it on the table; on
W, That five thousand extra copies of the J which ^ ^ Rnd „ays>
The yeas and nays were ordered, and were, yeas
sideration of the petition of certain citizens of Ohio
for a grant of lanil to the Zanesville and Maysville
Turnpike-road Company, and it was referred to
the Committee mi Roads and Canals.
Mr C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported the following resolu-
tion
t report (document No. 572) of the first session ot
i this Congress, presented 26th June, from the Com-
i' mittee on Foreign Affairs, on the war with Mexi-
'!; CO, be printed for the use of this House.
i The resolution was read, and laid over one day
1 under the rule.
62, nays 82. .
! So the motion to lay the memorial and the mo-
i tion to print, on the table did not prevail. *
i The question then recurred on committing the
