98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 80,
had no superior. Brave, ardent, and chivalrous
in his temperament, and devoted to the principles
of civil and religious liberty, had he lived in the
days of the early straggles for English freedom,
he would have bled by the side of Hampden in the
field,or died with Sidneyon the scaffold. Yet,sir—-
"His life was gentle.
And the elements so mixed in him,
That Nature might stand up,
And say to all the woiid  'this was a man.' "
Mr. BENTON" said, in rising, Mr, President,
to second the motion for paying to the memory of
our deceased brother Senator the last honors of
this body, I feel myself to be obeying the impul-
sions of an hereditary friendship, as well as con-
forming to the practice of the Senate. Forty
years ago, when coming to the bar at Nashville,
it was my good fortune to enjoy the friendship of
the father of the deceased, then an inhabitant of
Nashville, and one of its most respected citizens.
The deceased was then too young to be noted
amongst the rest of the family. The pursuits of
life soon carried us far apart, and long after, and
for the first time to know each other, we met on
this floor. We met not as strangers, but as
friends—friends of early and hereditary recollec-
tions; and all our intercouse since—every incident
and every word of our lives, public and private—
has gone to strengthen and confirm the feelings
under which we met, and to perpetuate with the
son the friendship which had existed with the
father. Up to the last moments of his presence
in this Chamber—up to the last moment that I
saw him—our meetings ami partings were the cor-
dial greetings of hereditary friendship; and now,
not only as one of the elder Senators, but as the
early and family friend of the deceased, I come
forward to second the motion for the honors to
his memory.
The Senator from Louisuum [Mr. Johvson'] has
performed the office of duty and of fuendslup to
his deceased friend and colleague. Justly, truly,
and feelingly has he pej formed it, "With deep
and heartfelt emotion he has portrayed the virtues,
and sketched the qualities, which constituted the
manly and lofty character of Alexander Harrow.
He has given us a picture as faithful as u is honor-
able, and it does not become me to dilate upon what
he has so well presented; but, in contemplating the
rich and full portrait of the high qualities of the
head and heart which he has presented, suffer me
to look for an instant to the zourcc, the fountain,
from which flowed the full stream of generous and
noble actions which distinguished the entue life
of our deceased brother Senator. I speak of the
heart—the noble heart—of Alexander Barrow.
Honor,coinage, patriotism, friendship, generosity,
—fidelity to his friend and his country—the socj.-J
affections—devotion to the wife of his bosom, and
the children of their love: all—all, wore there! and
never, not once, did any cold, or selfish, or timid
calculation ever come from his manly head to check
or balk the noble impulsions of his generous heart.
A quick, clear, and strong judgment found nothing
to restrain m these impulsions; and in ail the wide
circle of his public and private relations—in all
the words and acts of his life—it was (he he«ut
that moved first; and always so true to honor that
judgment had nothing to do but to approve the im-
pulsion. Prom that fountain flowed the stream
of the actions of his life; and now what we all
deplore—what so many will join in deploring—is,
that such a fountain, so unexpectedly, in the full
tide of its flow, should have been So suddenly dried
■up. He was one of the younger members of this
body, and in all the hope and vigor of meridian
manhood. Time was ripening and maturing his
faculties. lie seemed to have a right to look for-
ward to many years of usefulness to his country
and to his family. "With qualities evidently fitted
for the field as well as for the Senate, a brilliant
future was before him, ready, as I know he was,
to serve his country in any way that honor and
duty should require.
Mr. BREESE next arose, and spoke as follows:
Mr. President: It is not in my power to add any-
-thing to the eulogies already so eloquently pro-
nounced by the move particular friends of the
deceased, in the beautiful language of sincerity and
truth. Be it my humble put pose to fling but one
flower upon his grave—to add but one slight trib-
ute, among more valued offerings, to his acknow-
ledged worth; a tribute, sir, though -slight, perhaps
not altogether valueless, coming as it does from a
political opponent as ardent and as decided in the ji
support of his principles as he whom we all mourn j
was known to be in the cause he espoused. It >
was not my fortune, Mr. President, to know in-
timately the deceased until after the close of the ,
last long and laborious session of Congress. We j
I met, in our journey to our distant homes, at the |
[ Falls of Niagara, and proceeded thence through j
| our vast ocean lakes quite to Illinois—he pursuing ;
I his way by the rivers to his, and I overland my ;
i route to my home. Tn this intercourse, so cordial
! and friendly as it was, there were daily developed 1
! the most amiable points of his character, winning
! my regard, and advancing us speedily from mere
j acquaintances to intimate friends. This, I know,
1 sir, from the mutual regrets expressed in parting,
' and from the warm and coidial welcome on our !
; meeting: here at the commencement of this session |
| —he then, m all the pride of his manhood, gazing ;
i with joyous and contented eyes upon the beautiful ;
world before him, and which the apparent health- j
fulness and vigor of his frame gave him promise )
' he should long enjoy. But, Mr. President, what ;
a change a few days have made ! !
" Ail, all, that pioimse fair j
| Has sought the grave, to sleep forever there.'>
1 Ardently and sincerely devoted as he was to his
! party and its principles, it was his good fortune,
j Mr. Piesident, I take it upon myself to say, to
j enjoy in the highest degree the unbounded respect
i of his opponents, and of all his associates here;
i no matter how amiable, sincere, or kind they may
| be, he alotfe, perhaps, of all of them, could say,
' " I have no personal enemy.Nor couId.be have;
[ for a kinder or a manlier heart never beat within a
: human bosom. Hut now he is no more! Though
! but in his meridian, life's evening shadows have
i fallen, and the portals of the tomb will soon close
upon him forever I Gone from among us and for-
• ever,and from all he loved, is that manly form we
delighted to look upon; quenched is the fire and
spirit of that eye that so often beamedin kindness;
pulseless is now that heart whose every throb was
m unison with friendship, fidelity, and with all the
generous and captivating qualities that adorn man's
best nature Faults he had—let the grave hide
them. The memory of his many virtues will be
preserved, if not in brass or marble, upon a more
1 valued and more durable material—the hearts of
! his friends and his countrymen. I join, Mr. Prcsi-
i dent, with melancholy satifuction in assent to such
I resolutions as may be offered, appropriate to the
' occasion.
; Mr. HANNEGAN remarked: I also desire,
i with a mournful heart, to add my feeble but sin-
, core le-stimony to the exalted worth, and noble and
: manlv and generous spirit which in life adorned,
j and now, as he lies cold and shrouded, sanctify
' the memory of Alexander Barrow. Come when
, it may in our midst, Mr. Piesident, death never
! fails to make its impress upon those Who survey
j its work. There are none so careless, none so
; indifferent, as to defy its impressions, when even
j a casual acquaintance falls. But the feeling of awe
f and of gloom which pervades this Chamber to-day
1 is far beyond the usual and ordinary feeling. One
of us—one who has long occupied a high place
J here, in his country's highest place, has been sud-
denly, and almost without warning, stricken down.
. But a day or two since—to me it seems but an
! hour—and he was here, beloved and respected by
, all; in all the pride of intellect, and in all the roy-
alty of the most vigorous and athletic manhood,
j Where, sir, shall we look to find a more manly,
commanding, and symmetrical form? Where shall
' we seek a nobler and more majestic front? Where
] are we to seek and where to find a loftier nature,
a soul more elevated, or a heart more kind, more
1 generous, and more gentle ? I know not one—not
\ one.
; Heaven had blessed him with that high nature
1 which know s no disguise, and scorns all unmanly
j concealment. He knew no art; dissimulation,
with its fell train of poisons, had no home in his
I bosom. In all his bearings here, from the hour in
which my eyes first rested upon him, I have known
■ nothing ofhzm but what became, proudly became
an American Senator. Bravo, generous, manly,
; and highly gifted, he discharged his duties here as
■ a proud representative of a proud people. And
( how beautifully, how happily weie all the elements
, of our nature commingled in him! He had " a
j heart formed for pity, and a hand open as day to
1 melting charity." That heart—that heart is cold,
and that hand is still, and Barrow—Barrow,
the name so often uttered in this chamber, and
never but in tones of kindness—Barrow, with his
elastic step, with his joyous look, his noble p3*es-
ence, and his winning virtues—Barrow sits with
us heie no more; yon vacant chair tells the stern
reality—Barrow will be with us no more. Strange
and mysterious Providencc! The most robust of
all our number—he who but a week since stood
here fit model for an ancient hero or a demigod-—
he is the first to be gathered to dint, and that, too,
before his noon of life .was reached, and long, long
before the harvest to our eyes seemed ready for the
reaper.
It was my happy fortune to contract an acquaint-
ance with him shortly after I entered the Senate,
which gradually ripened into a most intimate
friendship. I knew him well—I knew him well—.
| I loved him dearly; and, Mr. President, I will say
that in private, as in his public life, I found him
; ever distinguished by the sajme lofty characteris-
tics, the same scrupulous regard for honor and
; propriety, the same rare endowment of remarkable
! common sense, the same sound discriminating
; judgment, and a perception unusually, singularly
I clear, quick, and correct. The delight of the so-
j cial circle, Alexander Barrow was master of all
!i the social virtues. He won all hearts that ap-
proachcd him as with a spell. The last time that
i| I Raw him, Mr. President, he came to visit me in
jl my sick room. It was but a few days since, not
ji ten; we were alone for some time; the conversation
jj tuiiied upon home—upon our own homes—and we
. i spoke of distant and dearly-loved friends: and, sir,
i I shall never forget how his eye lighted up as he.
il tallied of his approaching retirement from public
ii life, and dwelt upon his future career of tranquil
j; happiness, when, engaged only in domestic pur-
jj suits, he should be surrounded daily and hourly
! by thusej endearments which he fondly-—but alas!
!1 how \ ainly—fancied were reserved for him through
H many, many long years at home. He dweltupon
jj his home, and those who were there—of her, its
ji light, its joy—his wife. He spoke, as I have
ti often heard him speak of her before, in those ten-
!( der and respectful terms which tell that the love of
jj the heart borders on idolatry.
!! " But alas! nor wife nor children more shall he behold,
ij Norfiiend?, nor sacred home."
I have come here to-day, Mr. President, all unfit
\\ for the duty, feeble and out of health, to bear a
II passing, slight, slight tribute to friendship—to give
a slight expicssion of my feelings on this mournful
;! occasion. I come, prompted by those feelings of
|i attachment and respect which I cherished for our
11 deceased friend in life, and by that melancholy
!; regard with which I shall continue to hold him in
j memory through life. I could not forbear—I could
' not do less. I will add the expression of the sin-
j gle hope that she to whom I have alluded—the
I partner of his bosom—when the lapse of time shall
| nave relieved her overcharged heart of its heavy
I burden—that she may find a mournful consolation
j in turning back to the proceedings which marked
1 his last hours; and after those hours were gone,
! the sombre scenes which filled up his little abiding
time above the ground. I trust, sir, that when
time, and years, and above all, the soothing voice
of leligion, shall have abated the mighty burden
of her grief, and she shall have become calm hi
her wo, she will find a relief^ a sad relief, in the
j' thought, that though it was denied her hand to
; smooth his dying pillow, to bathe his fevered
!: brow, and to catch from his pallid lips the last fond
j, sigh, yet kind and devoted friends, his best-loved
jj associates and comrades in this Chamber, were
j! there to watch, not with her love—ah, no! that
i1 could not be—but with the love and sonow of
;j brothers to watch over the closing scene, and min-
istcr to hi;? departing struggles. And I trust, also,
j| that she may find something to break her grief in
" the thought that at his obsequies strangers of whom
^ she never heard, were eager to pay just tribute to
j; his exalted worth, and embalm with heartfelt
!' homage the memory of her husband.
T Mr. CRITTENDEN then rose, much affected,
;! and said: I desire, Mr. President, however need-
|| leas it may be after what has been said, to offer
j; my tribute m a few words. Mr. C. then paused,
;| and, after an evident struggle with his feelings, he
I could only say, " I beg pardon, Mr. President,'1
■a and sat down.
|| Mr. MANGUM thereupon rose and moved the
!' following:
