100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 81,
he wag, in the view of the Constitution, to be con-
sidered as a State or a Federal officer?
The case might, in some respects, ally itself to
that of every member of Congress who received
his commission from the State which elected him,
but performed his official duty as a constituent por-
tion of the Government of the United States, and
received as such his pay from the treasury of the
United States. But Mr. S. would not press the
question now. His only object in the resolution
was to propose an inquiry, and perhaps that might
be agreed to now; he was confident the gentleman
from Illinois himself would not object. " !
Mr. BAKER said he could have no objection to I
such an inquiry but this—the having his name
dragged befoie the House and the country as in- [
volved in the question. He should stall the next ji
day on his return to the aimy; and such being the [I
case, he now very respectfully tendered to the j'
House the resignation of Jus seat as a member, and if
took his farewell of ail its members, including- es-
pecially his very respectable friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Starkweather.]
Mr. SCHENCK said that though this gentle-
man's case was thus taken out of the inquiry, there
were others of a like kind which would come up; |
and as it was a grave question between the Federal
and the State Governments of the country, he
hoped it would receive due consideration and a
deliberate decision.
A quorum having appeared,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a report from the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, embracing "a list of the names of persons
who have applied for relief under the navy pension
laws, and whose claims ha\e been rejected, with
the reasons therefor;" which letter and
were laid upon the table.
rcpoit
DEATH OF HON. ALEXANDER BARROW.
A message having been received from the Senate
announcing the death of the Hon. Alexander
Barrow, Senator from the State of Louisiana 
Mr. MORSE, of Louisiana, rose and addressed
the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The melancholy communication
which has just been read, and a request from my
colleagues m this House, has devolved upon me
the painful duty of arresting the ordinary business
to exhibit, the suavity of his manners in his inter-
course with his brother members, and the confi-
dence m the purity of his motives, served still'
more to increase the admiration of his friends,
and extorted homage from his opponents.
In 1840, then not forty years of age, he was
elected to a full term in the Senate of the United
States, which elevated position he filled in a man-
ner highly honorable to himself and eminently
useful to his coimtiy.
Theie was a blunt honesty of purpose and a
frank boldness in his manner which, though it
might sometimes offend, always commended itself
to our respect from the consciousness of its integrity.
He was taken suddenly ill on Friday evening,
while on a visit to Baltimore. His disease resisted
all the skill and attention winch the solicitude of
his friends had summoned from Baltimore and
Philadelphia, and oil Tuesday morning about five
o'clock, m the full po&sses&ion of ail his faculties,
with a perfect consciousness of his approaching
end, with a firmness winch marked his whole life,
surrounded by numerous friends from both houses
of Congress, perished all but the immortal spirit
of Alexander Barrow.
Although his disease was so violent in its course
that many of his friends scarcely knew ol his ill-
ness until after its fatal termination, I had the
melancholy satisfaction of being with him a few
hours before he died. His km moments were
occupied with the tenderer and heait-rending allu-
sions to his wife, children, and.country.
When these melancholy tidings shall reach his
now happy home, who can pencmaie, in imagina-
tion, that veil of wo that must enshroud his wife
and only daughter, but will offer up to the Dispo-
ser of all things one prayer that he will tempter
| the wind to the shorn lamb.5'
I Two sons, the younger of whom was with him,
and the other a student of Harvard College, with
his wife and his daughter in Louisiana, constitute
all his immediate family. A recommendation to
his friends to watch over their education, and be
aft a father to them, one bitter pang that he could
not lor the last time press her to his bosom who
had been to him the most devoted wife, were the
last of earthly matters that occupied his thoughts.
May his children be only worthy of their sire !
His friends ask no more.
When I pressed his cold hand for the last time,
Resolved, That the proceedings of this House, in
relation to the death of the Honorable Alexander
Barrow, be communicated to the family of the
deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That this House will attend the funeral
of the deceased in a body; and, as a further mark
of respect for his memory, that it do now ad-
journ. „
And the House accordingly adjourned.
of your body tor the purpose of announcing the I i he returned that grasp with a strength which even
c< At/i wi v-v . 1- . i A . _ . I s . 1 . r i i ^
solemn intelligence that Alexander Barrow, late
one of the Senators from the State of .Louisiana is
now no moie. '
Within the past year Death lias reaped a golden
harvest, and numbers among his victims some of
the brightest ornaments of our Commonwealth.
To many of these it has been permitted to give
the latest pulsation of their hearts and the last life-
drop of their blood in defence of their country—
to lealize the noblest sentiment that can animate
the human heart, " How sweet it is to die for our
country," But that death is still more noble when
heralded by the shouts of victory, so dearly pur-
chased by their own valor.
Among the many noble sons whose untimely"
death our common mother now deplores, none,
not one, combined in a more enviable form those
rare qualities of head and heart which make men
love, them, than did my departed friend.
A native ot the State of Tennessee, born within
a few miles of the city of Nashville, the first ele-
ments of that chivalric character, that noble bear-
ing, that manly form and vigorous constitution
were in part received from eaily education and dis-
cipline at the Military Academy at West Point '
He pursued his legal studies in Tennessee, and
there laid the foundation of a thorough acquaint-
ance with English jurisprudence. He removed
soon after to the State of Louisiana, and made
himself well acquainted with the principles of the
civil law, m which he promised to become one of
the most distinguished jurisconsults, had not the
partiality of his friends and his own inclinations
marked out for hsin another cuteer.
_ His fine talents, generous impulses, and integ-
rity of character, soon won for him the esteem and .
admiration of an enlightened constituency, who
selected him as their representative in the Legisla-
ture of his adopted State, and continued theii'con- :
fldence in him by reelecting him as often as was
agreeable to his wishes. ;
The occasional development of talents which, i
on ordinary subjects, he seemed unwilling or averse
disease seemed scarcely to ha\e weakened, and,
j in a votes of more than usual firmness, said, "I
shall never see Louisiana more." JNo, brave spirit,
you will not again revisit the scenes of so many
bnghtand happy years, but your numeious fuenas
need not the presence of that manly form, nor the
marble, 1101 the canvass, to rccall the many kind
and delightful associations that will fore\er be en-
twined with the name of Alexander Barrow.
Was this dispensation of Providence visited
upon us to remind us how frail the tenure of our
lives is, the death of our friend forms an impres-
sive lesson.
Among_ the youngest members of the Senate,
blessed with competence, extensive and influential
family connexions, health, and a constitution not
impaired or even approached by disease, there was
no member of either House wfio had a moie ieu-
sonablc expectation in looking forwaid to a lon 
and brilliant career; and, when ihe summons shufl
come to all of us, may the consciousness of a well-
spent hie enable us to meet it like a " Preux Che-
valier, sans peur et sans reproehe." j
The death of Alexander. Barrow is the fourth I
that has occuned, within the brief space of four j
years, in the small delegation from Louisiana; and
true it is " death loves a shining mark." Porter
Bossier, Dawson", Barrow: What four names :
mug can outweigh yours dead r The earth that !
holds you dead bears not alive four nobler spirits- !
<xnd, while the nughty Mississippi rolls her tribute i
to the sea, your memories will live in the hearts i
of your countrymen. j
ill conclusion, I move you the adoption of the '
loiiowmg resolutions: j
Replead, That this House has heard with deep ;
sensibility the announcement of the death of the
Hon. ar.ei4.ndkk Barrow, a Senator ill Congress
iroin the State of Louisiana.
Resolved, That as a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the members and officers
or this House will wear the usual bad^e of mourn-
ing lor thirty days,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 31, 1846.
The Senate met to-day for the purpose of pay-
ing the last tribute of respect to the lemams of ihe
Hon. Alexander Barrow, late a Senator from
the State of Louisiana.
A few minutes before twelve o'clock, the PresU
I dent of the United States and the members of the
Cabinet entered the Chamber, and took seats pro-
vided for them in the area immediately m front of
the Vice President's seat. Shortly afterwards, the
members of the Supreme Court of the United States,
preceded by its officers, made their appearance, and
were seated beside the members of the Cabinet.
In the meantime, the Diplomatiuc Corps, which
was fully represented, had entered the Chamber,
and been provided with seats to the left of the Vice
President's chair. JXext came the Committee of
Arrangements, composed of Senators Mangum,
Berrien, Huntington, Speight, Corvvin, and
Cass; and immediately following tficm the coffin
containing- the remains of the deceased, covered
with black velvet, and attended by the pall-bearers,
Senators Crittenden, J. M. Clayton, Benton,
Archer, Sevier, and John-son of Maryland.
Then followed the sad band of mourners—the
youngest son of the deceased, and the Senators
and Representatives from the State of Louisiana.
The members of the House of Representatives,
preceded by their Speaker, Clerk, and other offi-
cers, now slowly entered, and every seat and vacant
spot in the Chamber was soon occupied.
The Kev. Mr. Slicer, Chaplain of the Senate,
now read the 40th chapter of Isaiah; and was folr
lowed by the Rev. Mr. Sprole, Chaplain of the
House of Representatives, m an eloquent prayer;
after which, Rev. Mr. Slicer preached the ser-
mon, from Job xxx. 23: " For I know that thou
wilt bring me to death, and to the house appointed
for all Jiving-.5J
The remains of the honored dead were then re-
moved to the hearse, followed by the mourners and
friends. The procession was formed befoie the
eastern front of the Capitol, and moved in the fol-
lowing order:
The Chaplains of both Houses.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of arrangements;
Mr.
Mr.
Mr.
Mangum,
Berrien,
Huntington,
Mr. Crittenden
Mr. Benton,
Mr. J. M. Clayton
Pall-bearers:
M
Mr. Speight,
Mr. Corwin,
Mr. Cass.
Archer,
Mr. Creewe,
Mr. Johnson, of Md.
The family and friends of the deceased.
The Senator and Representatives from the State of
Louisiana, as mourners.
The Sergcant-at-arms of the Senate.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the
Vice President and their Secretary.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the House of Representa-
tives.
The House of Representatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Clerk.
The President of the United States,
j ^ The Heads of Departments.
The Chief Justice and Associate J ustices of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and its officers.
The Diplomatic Corps.
Judges of the United States.
Officers of the Executive Departments.
Officers ot the Aimy and Navy.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizens and strangers.
Having arrived at the burying ground, the re-
mains were placed in the Congressional vault, until
thelnends of the deceased shall have made arrange-
ments for their removal to Louisiana.
The Rev. Mr. Slicer closed the solemn exercises
by repeating a portion of the Methodist Episcopal
burial service.
