1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
After being absent some time, the Vice Presi-
dent resumed the chair, and,
On motion, the Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 31, 1846.
The hour of twelve having arrived—
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
announced that in pursuance of the resolution
adopted yesterday, the House would proceed to
the Senate chamber to attend the funeral of the late
Hon. Alexander Barrow.
The members of the House accordingly pro-
ceeded to attend the funeral, and by a resolution
also passed yesterday, stands adjourned to Satur-
day next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 2, 1847.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the resolution introduced several days
ago by Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, repealing so much
of the forty-first rule of the House " as permits any
' member requesting to be excused from voting to
i make a brief verbal statement of the reasons for
* making such request;" which was pending when
the House adjourned on Wednesday last, and on
which the previous question had been called.
The question was taken on seconding the pre-
vious question, and the tellers reported in favor of
a second 60, against it 46; no quorum voting.
Mr. COBB moved a call of the House; on which
motion the yeas and nays were taken, and there
were—yeas 36, nays 113.
The question was again taken by tellers on sec-
onding the previous question, and there were for a
second 79, against it 41.
The main question was then put, viz: Will the
House agree to the resolution? The vote was
taken by yeas and nays: yeas 85, nays 73.
So the resolution repealing so much of the forty-
first rule of the House " as permits an}' member
' requesting to be excused from voting to make a
i brief verbal statement of the reasons for making
' such request," was adopted.
On motion of Mr. McHENRY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of further extending the time in which revolution-
ary and other bounty land claims may be granted
and entered, and report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. THOMASSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories in-
quire into the propriety and expediency of setting
apart, an.d defining by distinct metes and bounds,
a district of country west of the Rocky Mountains
for the use of the Indians in the Oregon Territory,
in perpetuity, in which district no white man shall
settle without permission of the President of the
United States, and then only for the purpose of in-
structing and improving the Indians.
On motion of Mr. TIRBATTS,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means inquire into the expediency of increasing
the tarifTof duties on all dutiable articles under the
present tariff act as high as the revenue standard
will permit; of imposing duties on spirits distilled
or manufactured in the United States; also, on li-
censes to retailers of liquors; also, on pleasure car-
nages and gold and silver ware, as a war measure,
instead of levying duties on tea and coffee.
Mr. YOUNG moved the following resolution;
which was read, and, giving rise to debate, was
laid on the table:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of the several
Departments be, and they are hereby, directed to
furnish such accounts and items of accounts and
information to the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures as they, the said committee, may deem ne-
cessary in order to enable them to discharge their
duties according to the rules of this House.
On motion of Mr. GARRETT DAVIS,
J&esolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish this House, from the files of
his department, all the papers relating to the re-
cent discharge of Captain L. C. F. Fatio from the
revenue service, including all copies of his corre-
spondence with the Department or its officers on
that subject.
Mr. BELL offered the following resolution;
which, giving rise to debate, was laid over under
the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to report a bill making a reduc-
tion of twenty-five per cent, on the compensation
of members of Congress and all other officers in
the civil departments of the Federal Government
whose pay can constitutionally be reduced during
their terms of service. This reduction to continue
so long as the Mexican war continues, and be in
lieu of the tax on tea and coffee proposed by the
President and Secretary of the Treasury. The
bill also to increase the pay of the non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, of the vol-
unteers to ten dollars per month in lieu of the sum
now allowed by law, and the increase to commence
with the Mexican war, and the time such volun-
teers were mustered into the service of the United
States.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, and, giving rise to
debate, was laid over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of fehe Treasury
report to this House whether or not the sum of
money bequeathed by James Smithson to the Uni-
ted States was in the Treasury on the 10^h day of
August, 184G; and if there was neither principal
nor interest in the Treasury of the United States
in actual money at the time above mentioned, re-
port the precise condition of the said fund at and since
that period of time; and that he also report to this
H ouae whether or not the $,242,129 appropriated by
an act approved on the 30th day of August, 1846,
entitled "An act to establish tile Smithsonian In-
stitution for the increase and diffusion of know-
ledge among1 men," for the erection of a suitahle
building and other purposes, be paid out of the
taxes collected from the people; and further, report
to this House as to the propriety of suspending
the above-described act for the piesent, or during
the existing war with the republic of Mexico,
and thereby avoid borrowing, or taxing coffee and
tea the sum of ^>242,129. He is also requested to
make such suggestions in relation to retrenching
the expenditures of the Government, in any or all
of the departments, and particularly in relation to
the reduction of salaries of all officers where the
salary is over one thousand dollars per annum;
and that he further report to this House his opin-
ion of the propriety and practicability of levying
and collecting an ad valoiem tax of twenty per
cent., or any other rate that may be assumed, on
gold and silver plate, gold watches, jewelry, pleas-
ure carriages, &c., and the probable amount of
revenue which may be raised from the same. He
will furthermore make any suggestion where, in
his opinion, the pruning knife of retrenchment can
be applied with safety and propriety at this time.
Mr. GRIDER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was laid over:
Resolved, That there be printed ten thousand ,
extra copies of the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on commerce and navigation, for the
year ending the 30th June last.
On motion of Mr. COCKE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be, and they are hereby, instructed
to take into consideration the propriety and neces-
sity of reestablishing immediately a line of four-
horse coaches from Blountsville to Knoxville, in
the State of Tennessee, which has, after a period
of thirty yeais or more, been reduced by the Post-
master General, at the recent lettings, to a one-
horse mail.
On motion of Mr, STANTON, _ j
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office ;
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the I
expediency of establishing atti-weekly mail route j
from Raleigh, through Portersville, Covington, j
Durhamsville, and Ripley, to Dyersburg, in len- i
ncssee '
Mr. GENTRY moved the following resolution; j
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby directed to report to this House the num-
ber of volunteers received into the service of the
United States under the provisions of an act passed
the   day of May, 1846; and what number
have been discharged in consequence of disability
produced by disease.
Oil motion of Mr. MILTON BROWN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of allowing compensation to pension agents
for services heretofore rendered, and hereafter to
be rendered, by said agents; and, if deemed expe-
dient, to report a bill accordingly.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and, being objected to, was
laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to communicate to this House the
number, names, residence, and compensation of
the persons who have been employed by him du^-
ring the past year as secret agents of his depart-
ment, and especially whether he has appointed
any persons, and how many, and whom, to act as
special or secret travelling agents for the detection
of counterfeiters of the current coin of the United
States, and by what authority of law such agents
have been appointed, their compensation, expendi-
tures of every kind, copies of instructions giveil to
any such agents, and the reports and accounts they
have returned to the department.
On motion of Mr. DELANO,
Resolved, That a select committee of five mem-
bers be appointed, with instructions to inquire into
the validity of the claim of the States of Missouri,
Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio, to three per cent, on
the minimum price of the lands within their re-
spective limits which have been taken to satisfy
land warrants for military services during the revo-
lutionary war.
! Mr. VINTON moved the folio wing resolution;
which was read:
Resolved, That joint resolution No. 8, to amend
the Constitution of the United States, be made the
special order of the day for Wednesday, the 6th of
January instant, and for that day only.
The SPEAKER stated that it required a vote of
two-thirds to pass the resolution.
The question was put on agreeing to the reso-
lution, and it was disagreed to, two-thirds not
voting therefor.
On motion of Mr. HARPER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ap-
propriating a part of the unappropriated public
lands to aid in supporting the lunatic asylum in
the State of Ohio.
Mr. TILDEN moved the following resolution;
which, giving rise to debate, was laid over under
the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to report to this House for what offence
and upon what authority Samuel Jackson, a sea-
man in the United States navy, was executed on
hoard the frigate Cumberland, on the 17th of Sep-
tember last; and if in his possession, that he also
furnish to this House the testimony upon which
said seaman was condemned and executed.
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reporting a bill granting pensions to all
persons engaged in the military service of the
United States in its wars with Indians, from the
year 1787 to the yeir 1800, whether serving as
spies, rangers, or otherwise.
Mr. THURMAN gave notice that he, at an
early day, would ask leave to bring in a bill rela-
tive to the Virginia military district in the State of
Ohio.
Mr. CATHCART gave notice that he would,
at an early day, move for leave to introduce bills
of the following titles:
A bill for the prosecution of the work upon the
harbor of Michigan City, in Indiana;
A bill for the reduction of the price of the lands
acquiied of the Miami Indians, in Indiana, to a
minimum of one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acie; and . , . ,
A bill granting a certain quantity of land in the
State of Indiana, to aid in the construction of the
Buffalo and Mississippi railroad through said btate
Mr OWEN moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That House bill No 556, to increase
the pay of the army of the United States, be made
the special order for Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER stated that it required a vote of
two-thirds to pass the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken on
the adoption of the resolution, and weie, ye&s 151,
nays 7.
