102
the congressional globe.
Jan. 2,
So the resolution was agreed to, and the bill to
increase the pay of the army made the special
order for Tuesday next.
Mr. PETTIT offered the following resolution;
which was read, and, debate arising thereon, it was
laid over under the rule: I
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request- j
ed to report to this House how many regiments of I
volunteers have been detained at and near the h
mouth of the Rio Grande ever since they reached i!
the borders of Mexico,.and not employed against jj
the enemy; from what State or States they went; •
 nd what, if any, is the reason for so detaining tj
them. 1
On motion of Mr. CALEB B. SMITH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office ,
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of i;
establishing a post route from Hageistown, in '!
Wayne county, Indiana, to Winchester, m Ran-
dolph county, in said State. '
Mr. HENLEY introduced, In pursuance of pre- ,
vious notice, a bill to reduce the expense of navi-
gating the Ohio river; which was twice read, and ;;
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land j
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency jj
of extending the provisions of an act entitled
"An act to authorize the issuance of patents to the '
last bona fide transferee of reservations under the j!
treaty between the United States and the Creek I
tribe of Indians, which was concluded on thexMth
of March, 1833," to reservations under the treaty
of j 830, between the United Suites and the Choc-
taw Indians; and that said committee report by ,
bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOOioe 1
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the .
expediency of establishing a post route from Hills- i.
boro1, Mississippi, via Ludlow, Densontown, to ;
Canton, Mississippi.
Mr, JACOB THOMPSON moved the following ji
resolution; which was read, and, giving lise to de- •
bate, wds laid over:
Resolved, That the memoiial of the Legislature ■
of the State of Mississippi, relative to the mur.da- I
ted poitions of the public lauds in said Stair, he ;
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands; :
and that the said committee be instructed to in- '
quire into the expediency of appropriating a por-
tion of said inundated lands for the construction of ;
a levee on the eastern bank of the Mississippi
river.
Mr. WENTWORTH proposed the following 1
resolution, on which he demanded the previous ,
question:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to levy any duty
on tea and coffee.
Mi. PAYNE. I desnc to debate that resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to debate the res-
olution, the gentleman from Illinois [Mi. W :vr-
wokth] having demanded the previous question i
thereon.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to 1
know if gentlemen can, in the same breath in which ■
they present a resolution to which there is objec-
tion, move the previous question, and thus cut otf j
all debate or objection ? If so, gentlemen may con- ;
tmually follow the same course.
The SPEAKER said that it had been frequently
decided that any gentleman had a right to demand ,
the previous question; and that the previous ques- i
tion having been demanded, necessarily precluded i
all debate. '
Mr. PAYNE moved that the resolution be laid 1
on the table; upon which motion. j
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and j
nays; which were ordered, and being taken, result- '
cd—yeas 49, nays 10(5, as follows: I
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adam:?. Dodinger, Biggs. Jas. A. j
Black, Bowdon, Bovvhn, Bowl, William G. Biown, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Clarke. Cobb, Cottrell, Cranston, CulJom,
Cunningham, Daman, Dougla*s, Ficklin, Goodyear. Haral-
son, IlaiiRimson, George S. Houston, Eduiund W. Hnbard,
Hunter, Joseph Johnson. Andrew Johnson, Geo. \V Jones,
Seaborn Jones, Lawience, Lcal.e, La Sore. Ligon, McCler-
liand. Jame.> McDowcll, McKay, P aikley Ma'itin, Morse,
Parrr-h. Pajne. Rcid, Roberts, Leonard II. Sun?, Simpson,
Stanton. Jacob Thompson, Tredway, WiJmot, and Wood-
ward—49.
NAYS—Me*sis. Abbott, Anderson, Arnold, Baringcr, Bell,
Benton, James Black, Blanehard, Bunkethoff, Brodhead,
Milton Broun, Biiffington, William W. Campbell, Cairo!!,
Cocke, Collainer, Crozier, Cummins, Garrett Davis, Delano,
De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Dockery, Dunlap, Ellsworth,
Krflman, John H. Ewuiss, Pries, Giddings, Graham, Gnder,
Grinncll, Grover, Hale,"Hamlin, Harper, Hastings, Henley,
Hilliard, Huge, Elus B. Holu,e«, Hou*h, Samuel T). Hab-
bard, Hudson. Washington Hunt. Joseph K. Insersoll, Jen-
kins! James H. Johnson, Kennedy. Daniel P. King, 1 leston
Km«, Leffier, Leifo, Levin, l,ewis, Long, McClelland, Jos.
.1. McDowell, McGaughey, MeHcnry, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
x/s  finmsov. Kllthhun. llClie,
Scammon, Schenek.    .
Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B Smith, Robert Smith,
Staikweather, Stiohm, Strong. Thibodaux, fhomasson,
Benjamin Thompson, Tibbatts, Tildeii, Toonib?, Truinbo,
Vance, Vinton, Wentwoith, Wtreaton, VVlnte, \\ illiam*,
Wmthrop, Wood, Wright, Young, and Yost—'106.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON inquired of tiie Chair,
whether, if the House should ■vole down the motion
to lay on the table, and refuse the previous ques-
tion, it would not then be in order to move a refer-
ence of the resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means, who had the subject-matter ot the
resolution before them.
The SPEAKER said, that in case the resolution
was not laid on the table, the House could make
such disposition of it as it thought proper.
The question being upon seconding the demand
; for the previous question—103 voting in the affirm-
i alive, noes not counted—there was a second.
! The question, " Shall the main question be now
S pot?" was ordered lo be now taken.
The SPEAKER proceeded to put the main
! question, when the yeas and nays were demanded
and ordered, and being taken, resulted—yeas 115,
nays 48, as follows:
YEAS— Me--sis, Abbott, Anderson, Arnold, Baninger,
Bell, Benton, James Black, Blanehard, Brinkeiholf, Brod-
head, Milton Brown, Buffington, William W. Campbell,
Oarioll. Oatnearf. ('oeko. CoNamcr, Cranston, Crozier, Gar-
i' tt Dim*, Uclano, De Molt, Dillingham, Dixon, Pockety,
1 Dnnlap. E.'Kwoiih, Kidman, John II. Kwiria. Fo.-ter, Fnc^,
(/atvin. Gentry, Giddinss Chaham, Gnder. Grirncil, Grover,
1 II*di*, Hamlin, !IniHasting Henley. Iliihaid, Hoge,
Hough. John \V. ifou-ton, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
1 Ku>ige{foid,Wa^hmjrton Hunt, Joseph B Ineer«oJI. Jenkins,
Jaines II. Johnson. Joseph Johnson, Andiew Johnson, Sea-
bom Jones, Kennedv, Daniel P. Kins:, Pieston King. T.eih,
Uevin, JiOWi«, Long. Lumpkin, McClelland, Josepii J.
; McDowell, Jame< McDowell, MoG.iu«rhey, McJIeurv. Mc-
i Ilvaine. Mar-b, Mo^elev, Moulton, Niven, Noriis, IVrriH,
Bony, pollock, Ramsey, Uathlnin, Belfe, Ripley, Julius
; Rockwell, Root, Hunk, Sawtellc, Sawyer. Scaminon,
Schenck, S'wetance.Tiuman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas
■ Smith,Caleb B. Snnth, Staikweather, St. John. Strohni,
' Stion<r. Thibod-iux. Tliomasson, Beni.mnn Tliomp-son. Tih-
1 hnt'.1?. Tilden, Tnunbo, V.tnco, Vinton. Wentworth, Whea-
I ton. White, Wilhai is, Wilmof, Winthiop, Wifcht, and
• y0?t~M5.
l\j Stephen Adding. Ba\lv, Bia^s, Bowdon, i; teinnnation
from tlie army, shall he entitled to a w an ant for three hun-
dred and twenty acres of land belonging to the United States
subject to entry.
  Sec.o. And be itJerfker enacted, That the widow, if there
be one; if there be no wulow, then the child or children, if
theie beanv; and if theie he no child, then the father or
mother, It there be either; and if thoie be neither father nor
mother, then the brothei& and sosters, fit anj' non-commis-
sioned officcr, musician, or puvate, of the army ot the Uni-
ted State?, or militia or volunteer m the same, who has
been, or may be killed m battle, or ha? died in service during
tho war with Mexico, or who has died, or may die, of wounds
received, or sickness or di-ease mcuired, while in the ser-
vice of the United States-, after their dischaiije from the
armv, shall be entitled to aw.ura.it- for the *ame quantity of
land to which hiieh noil-commissioned officer, musician, or
private, of the army ot the United State*, or mihna or vol-
unteer1'. would have been entitled, under the set ond and
fourth Sections of this act, and *hall f,e entitled to locate the
«ime upon any land in the United States subject to entry."
Mr. GRAHAM introduced an amendment, to
be proposed, when in order, to the "bill to increase
the pa'y of the non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and privates of the army of the United
States, and the militia and volunteers in the service
of the same, and allowing them bounty land m
certain cases." Mr. G. 5s amendment proposes to
oliow the privates ten dollars per month during the
existence of the war, and to gram a bounty in land
to those who shall serve till the end of the war.
Mr. FICKLIN offered the following resolu-
tions; which w ere read, and giving rise to debate,
were laid over under the ru'e :
Resolved, by the Home of fieprcsenic.tlve&y That the
icpealed insults to our naMonal flag, the unwarranted dep-
redations upon the persons and pioperty of our citizens;
the failuie to comply with treaty stipulations; the relusal to
pay the jus-t demands of our citizens; tlie rejection and
I maltreatment ot' our Minister, Mr. Slidell; and the un-
i ceding dis-position to combine with foreign nations for the
I puipose of crippling our mteiests m the porwof Mcxico,
| constitute good and suftici<'nt causes for the Ui.ited States
1 to declare war against her, independent of and apart trom
■ the attack which s-he made upon our ami) in May last upon
. the Rio Uranoe.
' JRpiOlredj That w lien war was commenced by the act of
■ Mexico, the attack of hei at my upon ours should not only
have been repulsed, but the glorious victories ot the 81b and
<)i it of' \I.i\ l.i^t, achieved hv our gallant oiricers and soldiers,
{should have been followed np until that Gov eminent was
sufiicientlv rebuked tor its temerity.
; Resolved, That it i< the duty ol evety true-hearted Ameri-
j canto^tand b> the Government in tins conflict, and not
i f>ive encouragement to the enemy by declaring that they are
i ri-jht, and we aie uron^.
Resoh ed. That, while the eountiy is engaged in war, and
oui troops aie in the battle field, no party should beck or
; design to make political capital In expo.-ing to the enemy
j our weak points or our paity divi-ions at home, but all should
; unite a-s one man to hi mg the war to a speedy and glorious
Rov^h^, Bovd, WiMuimG. Brown, Huii, Reuben Chapman,
1 Cha^c, Clarkr, Cobb, Collin, Ootttcll, Cullom, Ounningham, j
1 Datg.nu Douglas*!. Ficklin. Giles. Goodyear, Gordon, Haral- j
, -on/[I.umatHon, f-^aac E. Holmes, George S. Houston, ;
Rdinund U'.Hnbard, lluntei. George W. Jones. Lawrence, I
, TiC.ike, La Sere, Li^on, McClernand, McKay, Barklcy ,
i M-ntin Moixe, Ra.r^h, J'auir. Rcid, Roberts. I.conaid IT. p teen tbou>and ot oui gallant volunteers in the vie
I Snn°, Simp<ou. Stanton. Jacob' Thompson, Toombs, Tred- !, R-io Giandc, vvhei e some fifteen lmndiod have fa!.
; wav, and Woodw aid—!H. j
v^o the resolution was adopted. i
1 Mi. ROHERT SMITH introduced the following I
, amendment, to be proposed when in order, to the j
bill "to mci'oawe the pay of the non-commissioned j
officers, musifianq, and privates of the army of the !
United States, and the militia and volunteers in the j
service of the same, and allowing them bounty j
land in certain cases.'* ]
'•skc. 1. Be ii eiuicferf by /he Senate and House of Represent- j
dives of th* United State* of America in Conzicss risserrMcd, |
That trom the comun-ncement of the wai v\ ith Mexico until |
the termination thereof, the month!} pav of the non-com- 1
nn-Moned olfieer^, mu-icians. and privates, of the army of j
the United State<, and the militia and volunteers in the ser- ;
•vice, =.hal! be increased tluee dollars per month each. !
i St:r. 2. .-2nd he it further enroled, That each volunteer,
1 nou-eoniini^sioncd otacer, musician, and private, who has
! volunt"PK-d. oi v. ho may volunteer, for a peiiod less than
i dining th" war, and who shall have gone, or may go. into
! actual service and remain until he n honoiably discharged,
! .-hall be entitled to a warrant foronehundred and sixty acres
I of land beiopi{in<< to the United States, and subject to entry
at the date ot --aid wairant.
u S^f. Jlrtd be it further enacted, That there shall be al-
■ lowed and paid to each non-commissioned officer, musician,
i and private, who (^mcc the first dav ot May last) may have
! uih>ted or volunteered, or who &hall enlist or volunteer, in
! the service of the TTnited States for a period of five years, or
during the \\0! with Mexico, a bounty of fifteen dollar® ; but
to tho«e who may h^rpafter enii=t or volunteer, the payment
' often dollars of said bounty shall be withheld, until the sol-
1 dier enlisting shall join tiie cotps in which lie is to serve,
ij and the soldier %olunrccnng bhall be mu-teied into the ser-
i vice of the United States.
! "Sfc.4. vindbeit farther enacted, That each non-commis-
• sioned officer, musician, or private, hi the army of the Uni-
i ted States, at the commencement of the war with Mexico,
j or who shall enlist in the armv, or volunteer in the service,
! of the United States, for a period of five years, or during the
| existence of the war with Mexico, and who shall serve until
1 the termination of said war, or until honorably discharged
Resolved. That the biavc volunteers in our army have
fully vindicated the charactci tor intrepid valor and bold
daring as-igned to them by the paitiahtj of fuends ; arid
thev need not bo kept out of battle by rea>on o( any distrust
of them or their willingness to fight "to the death.'*
Resolved, That wo deplore tne policy which retained l'our-
' " -inityofthe
len victims
to the diseases of the countn , and have been wrapped irt
their blankets and buried in a land of^tr<iriger .
Resolved, That our volunteers who have been kept out of
battle have evinced the utiuo>t fiimness and patriotism by
remaining at their posts tot moie than six months, (vvhiip
their cotmadcs weic djmg among them.) unciieered by the
prospect of shortly winning laurels on the battle-field.
Resolved, That the pay of the volunteers should be c-peed-
jlv mci eased to ten dollais per month, together with a liberal
giant of bounty lands at the close ot the war.
Mr. DOUGLASS gave notice that he would, at
an early day, ask leave to bring in a joint resolu-
tion concerning the improvement of the Great
Wabash and Illinois rivers by t4te Legislatures of
the States of Indiana and Illinois.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That House bill No. 9, to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands, be made the
special oider of the day for Monday, the 11th in-
stant, and that the consideration of the same be
continued from day to day until the same is dis-
posed of.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the previous ques-
tion; which was not seconded.
Mr. RATHBUN stated his desire to debate the
resolution, and asked that it be laid over; and the
resolution was accordingly laid aside.
Mr. HILLTARD, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to reorganize the
district courts of the United States in Alabama;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
On motion of Mr. HILLTARD,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of repealing the 18th section of an act
