1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
of Congress of the 3d March, 1845, which reads j
as follows: !
" J}nd be it further enacted. That it shall be the duty of
the Postmaster General, in all fuiure letting of contracts
for the transportation of the mail, to let the same in evety
<M?e to the lowest bidder tendering sufficient guarantee*- for
f.uthfni performance, without other reference to th*> mode of
trans-poi tatio-i than may be necessary to provide for the due
celerity, certainty, and seem ity of such transport uion; nor
shall any new contractor hereafter be requiied to purclmsc
out, or take at a valuation, the stock or vehicles of any pre-
vious contractor for the same route."
On motion of Mr. GEORG-E S. HOUSTON,
Resolved, That tSie Committee on the Post Office !
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the '
expediency of establishing- a post route from Jas- I
per, the county seat of Walker county, to Pike- 1
villc, the county seat of Marion county j Alabama; i
also, a post road from Point Smith, to Buzzard j
Roost, in Franklin county, Alabama; also, a post j
road from Decatur, Morgan county, Alabama, by j
Houston's store, to Jasper, the county seat of j
Walker county, Alabama. j
On motion of Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN, i;
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency :
of permitting the Tennessee and Coosa Railroad '
Company, chartered by the General Assembly of |!
the State of Alabama, to import the iron for said :j
road free of duty. !j
Mr. COTTRELL gave notice, that at an early !j
day he would ask leave to introduce a bill to re- jj
imquish to the State of Alabama lands remaining jj
unsold in that State on the first day of January, .j
1847. ||
Mr. BO WLIN presented a memorial of the Le- ;]
gislature of the State of Missouri, asking a grant of jj
land, for the purpose of draining the great swamp j,
in the States of Missouii and Arkansas; which jj
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be print- \\
ed. ||
Mr. BO WLIN also presented a memorial ofjj
Charles D. Drake, Esq., and one hundred and m
twenty others, citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, jj
praying to have the vacant panel in the Rotundo of ||
the Capitol filled with a painting commemorating ]1
■western historical incidents, and particularly re- !i
commending the scene of the treaty of General j!
George Rogers Clark, at North Bend, in 1780, j|
with the Indians, and Mr. Charles Deas, a western
artist, as a gentleman peculiarly qualified to exe- ■
cute the design. j.
Mr. B. thought this memorial peculiarly worthy •
of the consideration of the House, as it came from j
a large and highly respectable body of citizens of '
St. Louis, Missouri, and petitioned to have one of '
the recesses m the Rotundo filled with a painting j
representing one of the finest portions of western j
scenery, and the scene of one of the most interest- ;j
ing events in American history. He moved, there- |j
fore, that the memorial be printed; which motion jj
being objected to, he subsequently moved that it r
be referred to the Committee on the Library. jj
Agreed to. !,
Mr. LEONARD II. SIMS moved the following m
resolution: :
jResolved, That the people of the United States |i
are too patriotic to refuse any necessary tax in time j,
of war. '!
Mr. S. moved the previous question. j
Mr. RATH BUN moved to lay the resolution on ji
the table.
A motion was here made that the House do now i:
adjourn; and the tellers reported for adjournment [j
65, against it 69. j;
The question to lay the resolution on the table :
was then taken by yeas and nays, as follows: ■;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Win. W. Campbell, Car- i
roll, Cranston, Delano, Dixon, Ellsworth, John H. Ewinp, :
Hale, Elia*. B. Holmes, Samuel D. Hubhaid, Hudson, D. P. i
Kin^j Lewis, Ratlibun, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, Tiuman !
Smith, Sti'ohm, Toombs, and Wmthiop—-22. i
NAVS—Mc->sr«. Stephen Adams, Bainnger. Bayly, Bed- I
inger, Benton, Bi^gs, James A. Black, Bowdon, Bowlm, |
Boyd, Brodhead, Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Butt, ;
John H. Campbell, Cathcait, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Cottrell. Crozier. Cullom, !
* Cunningham, De Mott,Dillingham,Doekery, Douglass,Dun- i
lap, Erdman, Faran, Fickhn, Foster, Fne^, Garvm, Gentiy, !
Giddm§s Gile«, Goodveai, Gordon, Giaham, Gilder, Giin- j
nell, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Hannanson, Hastii'g^.Iloce,
J.W. Houston, G. S. Houston, Washington Hunt, Jenkins, J. ;
H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. j
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Leake, LefHer, La Sere, |
Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, McClelland, McClernand, Joseph ;
J. McDowell, James McDowell, McGaughev, McHenry, ;
Mcllvainc,Barkley Martin,Morse,Moseley, Moulton, Nor- i
ris, Parush, Payne, Perry, Pollock, Ramsey, Reid, Relfe, J
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Leonaid II. Suns, '
Simpson, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Strong, Thibodaux. Thoinasson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thurma'i.'Tibb-itts, Tmlway, Trumbo, Wentworth,
Williams, Woodward, and Wright—107.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put, viz: Will the
fiouse agiee to the resolution? Which question
was taken by yeas and nays, and decided unani-
mously in the affirmative—126 members voting.
So the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. RELFE,
Resolved, That the House bill " to raise for a
limited time an additional military force, and for
other purposes," be made the special order for
Monday next.
Mr. McCLELLAND offered the following,
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this House what measures, if '''
any, have been adopted by the Department to }j
procure and preserve correct information as to the jj
amount, extent, and nature of the coasting and in- j!
ternal trade of the northern, northeastern and j:
northwestern frontier; and whether the collection
of such statistics can be aided by, and by what, !|
j legal enactments; also, whether the laws of the
j United States relative to and regulating the enrol- !<
t ment and licensing of ships and \essels engaged in 'l
j the coasting and foreign trade on said frontiers, ;;
j and for the prevention and punishment of offences i
1 against the revenue and against the navigation laws
I of the said frontiers, are, in his opinion, simple,
j clear, just, and easy of application; or whether
j they are cumbrous, .confused, and marked some- |
| times with too much leniency, and sometimes by
i excessive severity; and that he point out such evils
1 as, in his opinion, exist in these laws; and espe-
j cialljr that he report whether he deems a general
; revision of these laws expedient; and if he does,
| that he suggest such course as to him may seem
! most advisable to secure the framing of a proper
j and satisfactory code to be submitted to Congress,
i Mr. LEFFLER moved the following resolu-
j tions, which were read and agreed to:
i Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
i communicate to this House, as near as may be,
! the quantity of unsold public lands within thirty
i miles of the Mississippi river, on each side there-
1 of, from the southern extremity of the lower rapids,
near the mouth of the Des Moines river, to the
mouth of the St. Peter's: how long said lands have
been in market; together with the annual and aver-
age amount of the net proceeds of the same for
the last five years.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to this House the amount of money heretofore
expended m the improvement of the Des Moines
and Rock River Rapids of the Upper Mississippi,
together with any surveys or estimates heretofore
made in relation to the probable amount of expen-
ditures necessary to improve the navigation ot the
same.
Mr. HASTINGS ga^e notice that at an early
day he would ask leave to introduce—
A bill to provide for the sale oi the public lands
on the Cedar and Iowa rivers, m the State of Iowa,
and to improve the navigation of said rivers;
A bill to provide for the redemption of certain
inundated lands on the Mississippi river, in the
State of Iowa; and
A bill to authorize the city of Dubuque to pre- ,!
empta certain island m the Mississippi river. jj
On motion of Mr. HASTINGS,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this House what amount of
the public lands have been appropriated by alter- rj
nate sections in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Iih-
nois, and Arkansas, for internal improvements,
and the total amount of the public lands granted to ;
each of the above States, and also the total amount .;
of money heretofore received by the Government ,
of the United States from the sales of the public ,
lands within the boundary limits of the State of
Iowa. i1
On motion of Mr. HASTINGS, '■
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested .
to inform the House what military forces are at jj
present on the frontiers of Iowa and Wisconsin, j
and the cause of disbanding the late company of
mounted volunteers stationed at Fort Atkinson, j
Iowa. . . .
Mr. MORSE gave notice that at an early day j
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the !
several acts of Congress in relation to the circuit
and district courts of the United States fqr the State
of Louisiana.
Mr. MOULTON offered the following resolu-
tion, which was read; and, debate arising thereon,
it was laid over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of assembling
a board of militia officers, to consist of the adjutant
general from each State, at the seat of Government,
for the purpose of submitting a plan to the next
Congress for the better organization, drill, and dis-
cipline of the militia of the United States, and that
the said committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. PAYNE asked leave of the House to intro-
duce a resolution, stating that he did not hear the
State of Alabama called, if it was called at all; but,
before he obtained leave to offer his resolution,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
refeired, under the lule, as follows:
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Isaac R. How and
foit.v others, cituons of Haverhill, in the State of Massachu-
setts, deploring the evils of the war with Mexico, and re-
spectfully but "earnestly requesting Congress to use all con-
>titutional poweis to bring it to a speedy close, if possible,
without any further effusion of blood:
By Mr. LIGON: The memoiial of George F. Warfieid
and other?, and of Marianne Champagne, praying indemnity
for French spoliations prior to 1800 Also, the petition of
Mary Anne O'Bnen, widow of the late Lucius O'Brien, of
the United State* army, asking for a pension.
Bv Mr. LAWRENCE: The petition of Benjamin BJagge,
of New York, for indemnity for Fiench spoliations.
By Mi. BILLIARD: The petition of citizens of Russell
county, Alabama, piaying a change in the place of holding
the United States district court from Tuscaloosa to Mont-
gomery. Also, a memorial from citizens of Macon county,
Alabama, praying the removal of the middle district court
from Tuscaloosa to Montgomery.
By Mr. SCAMMON: The petition of M. F. Wentworth
and 85 others, citizens of Kittery, Maine, for a dry-dock at
the navy yaid at said place. Also, the petition of Francis
Rfiyneri and 66 otheis, citizens of South Renwick, Maine,
fut the same object.
By Mr. CRANSTON: The memorial of the heirs of the
late David Henshav,, praying for relief for French spolia-
tions.
Bv Mi. Mcl FiYAINFi. A memorial of Richard M. Thomas,
Amietta M. Fan lamb, and Theresa M. Downing, heirs-at-
law of Joseph J. Miller, deceased, praying indemnity for
spoliations by the French prior to 1800. Also, the memorial
of Peter Kins, trustee ofMary Whitesides,executrix ofPeter
Whifesides, for the same.
By Mr. COLLIN: The petition of masters, owners, and
other citizens navigating the Hudson river, for two lamp-
lights on said river,
By Mr. WOOD : The petition of Hannah Dubois.
By Mr. WtNTHROP: The petition ofCharlesG. Loring,
Charles Brown, and Michael Whitney, executors, for the
pavment of the French indemnities.
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON : The petition of Isaac Tay-
lor and other?, praying for a mail route from Pontotoc to
Ragcdale's Stand, La Fayette county, Mississippi.
By Mr. I1VLE: The petition of Sarah Chase, praying
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 4, 1847.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
covering a report trom the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, showing the applications for navy pensions
dining the year 1840; which was laid on^tne table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, relative to errors and defective returns
in certain surveys; which was laid on the table.
Also, from the Secretary of War, showing the
expenditures of the various bureaus of the depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1846;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a report fiom the Secretary of the Senate,
showing the persons who have been employed in
the office of the Secretary of the Senate during the
year 1846; which was laid on the table.
Also, from the same, showing the disbursement
of the contingent fund for the year 1846; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
: petition of the Rev. Thomas Mulled;', President,
the Rev. James A. Ward, Vice President, and of
the professors, of Georgetown College, in the Dis-
! triet of Columbia, praying a modification of the
1 tariff law of the last session of Congress, so as to
