104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
exempt from duty all instruments and books im-
ported for .the use of colleges.
Mr. J. said, that Georgetown College was one
of the most ancient and respectable institutions in
the Union, and had long sustained a very high
reputation. It now contained, he believed, from
thirty-five to forty students from his own State.
Feeling a deep interest in the success of the insti-
tution, and being of opinion that the prayer of the
petition should be granted, he would respectfully
request that the Committee on Finance, to whom
lie proposed to refer it, would be pleased to give the
subject a prompt and favorable consideration.
On his motion the petition was read, and refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BAGBY presented a petition from the Trus-
tees and Faculty of the University of Alabama, in
relation to the same subject; which was read, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from the j
Faculty of Dickinson College, in relation to the j
same; which was read, and referred to the Commit- ;
tee on Finance.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition from the
Trustees'of the College of New Jersey, in relation
to the same; which was read, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition from mem-
bers of the Faculty of South Carolina, urging the
same; which was read, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of the
Provident Association of Clerks of the District of
Columbia, praying for a renewal of their charter;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. CAMERON also presented a petition from
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for aid in the
construction of a railroad from Lake Michigan to
the Pacific; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON also presented a petition from
citizens of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
that measures may be adopted to bring the present
war with Mexico to an end; which was, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
In presenting this petition, Mr. CAMERON
took occasion to express his belief, that there was
not a single citizen of Pennsylvania who desired
to see the war terminated in any other than an
honorable manner.
Mr. CAMERON also presented five petitions
from citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia; which
were laid on the table.
Mr. DAYTON presented two petitions from !
Railway and another part of the State of Now .Tcr- [
sey, praying that the war may be brought to a 1
speedy termination; which were referred to the j
Committee on Foieign Relations. j
Mr. D. stated that, in running his eye over the
signatures, he recognised some of the most respect- !
able and intelligent citizens of the State.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the remonstrance of ;
the Marine Insurance Company of the State of
New York, against the repeal of the pilot laws; j
which, at the suggestion of Mr. DIX, was laid on i
the table, a bill "having been reported on the sub- I
ject.
Mr, FAIRFIELD presented the petition of AVil- '•
liam A. Christian, purser of the United States :
steamer Princeton, asking to be allowed a credit !
on his accounts for moneys advanced to the for-
ward officers; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. F. also presented the petition of Allan D.
Crosby, purser of the United States ship Ontario,
similar in its purport; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. R. JOHNSON presented the petition of
the heirs of the late Captain S. JNieolson, prayino-
to be allowed certain arrearages of pay*, which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Thomas
Brownell, asking remuneration for money paid for
medical services at Sackett's Harbor; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Missouri, in relation to the swamp
lands in that State; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. ^
Mr. T. CLAYTON presented the petition of
Elizabeth Allen, praying for a pension; winch
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition-from
citizens of Connecticut, praying that measures may
be adopted to bring the war to a conclusion; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a memorial from
the Legislature of Florida, in relation to the public
lands; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial praying for
compensation for services as keeper of the public
archives in Florida; which was referred to the
i Committee on Public Lands.
j Mr. W. also presented the memorial of the grand
j jury of St. John's county, Florida, in relation to
' school lands; repai'* of the bridge on Sebastian
i cieek; mail to Key West; foitifiranon of the bar-
1 bor of St. Augustine, &c.; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of John P.
Andrews, praying for the settlement of all inter-
j national disputes by a congress of nations; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of Samuel
W. Chilson, praying compensation for his services
in sailpeiintending the tiansooitation of the mail
between Boston and Springfield; which was refer-
tcd to the Committee on the Post OtHce and Post
Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Edward
Dcnnrson, praying the correction of an error in an
entry of land; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEVIER presented a document in relation
to the claim of Dr. Mayo; which was refened to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEVIER presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Arkansas, for the ueatiori of a judi-
cial district in the western part of the State of Ar-
kansas; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SEVIER also presented a memorial from
the same Legislature, praying that the navy of
Texas may be incorporated m the navy of the
i United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEVIER also presented a memorial from
the same Legislature, on the subject of the com-
pensation of volunteers; which was referred to the
; Committee on Military Allans.
i Mr. SEVIER also presented a memorial from
the same Legislafurc, praying for an alteration in
1 the compact with the United States, relative to the
Salt  Sprinu;s: which was ordered to be printed,
! and referred to the Committee on Public Lfnds.
I Mr. SEVIER also presented a memorial from
. the same Legislature, praying for certain mail
j routes; which was referred to the Committee on
| the Post Office and Post Roads.
; The following Senatots presented memorials
; from heirs, assignees, and original claimants, for
I spoliations by the French on our commerce prior
| to 1800; which were referred to the select commit-
: tee:
Messrs. DAVIS, BADGER, DIX, J. M.
CLAYTON, BAGBY, MILLER, DAYTON,
C-VMERON, and JOHNSON of Maryland.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the petition of the heirs of the late General Eleazer
Ripley was taken from the files and referred to the
Committee of Claims; and, on his motion, the
petition of Gillis Thompson, the representative of >
the estate of the late Captain Thompson, of the ;
United States navy, was taken from the files and 1
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. |
Mr. DIX, in pursuance of notice, asked and ob- 1
j taincd leave to biing in a bill for the relief of j
; Ralph Tompkins and others, children and heirs at i
I law of the late Dmiel D. Tompkins, deceased. ;
i Mr. ARCHER, in pursuance of notice, brought j
! in a joint resolution to authorize the purchase of j
: additional land for the use of the public works at
Harper's Ferry. !
: Mr. BRIGHT moved that the Chair appoint a !
| member of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen- !
sions; the present chairman having been called
| home by pressing business.
i The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Jarnagin
! was appointed.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved to be excused from
serving on the committee of Enrolled Bills; which
was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, without amendment: The bill granting
to the State of Illinois the right of way through
the public lands of the United States.and for other
purposes.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
relief of George Gordon, of Randolph county,
Illinois.
By Mr. NILES, from tlie Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads r A bill for the relief of
Thomas Rhodes,
- Alap, from the same committee, a hill for the
relief of Nathaniel Kuykendall.
By Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the. Committee on
Naval Affairs, without amendment; A bill for the
relief of Joseph Wilson, and a bill for the relief of
Thomas Brownell.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in answer to a resolution of the
16th ultimo, in relation to the transmission of let-
ters and papers to and from officers and soldiers
in the service of the United States in Mcxico.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the President be requested to
communicate to the Executive of the State of
Louisiana information of the death of the Hon,
Alexander Barrow, late a Senator from the said
State.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the official
reports on file in his department in relation to the
loss of the United States brig Somers: and also any
information he may hpve respecting the assistance
rendered by the officers and crews of the French,
Spanish, and British public vessels of war lying
at Vera Cruz, m the rescue of the crew of the said
brig.
On motion of Mr, FAIRFIELD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of pay-
ing a balance claimed by Walter R. Johnson to be
due htm for his services and payment made by him
for the United States.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of alio w-
in<* Hans Nelson a claim made by him against the
United Stttcs, for his sarvices in the navy of the
United States during the last war.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
| of establishing a national foundry at Tuscaloosa?
in the State of Alabama.
j RECOMMENDATION TO APPOINT A LIEUTEN-
; ANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY, ETC.
! The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
' maesage from the Pie&ident of the-United States;
. which was read by the Secretary, as follows:
Washington, December 29, 18-46.
i To the Senate anJ Hovse of R-^.reicutativea :
j In order to prosecute the war against Mexiro with vjjroi
! and .-Ulceus, it i* necessary that autnoritv should be pronipt-
; lygiv:n hv Congress to wciease the regular army, and to
remedy exiting defectum ltsoiaain/ation. With this view,
j youi favoiahle attention is invited to the annual repotf of
■ the Sectetary of War, winch accompanied my menage of
• the 8th in-taut, in which he 4ecommend- that ten additional
ipgimpnt* of lobular troops shall be ruined, to txrve durin"
' the war. 45
Of the additional respment< of volunteeis which have been
j called tot honi several of the Stare*, some have been prompt-
, iy uiissed, but tin- has not been rhe ease in rcjr.mi to Ml; the
j existing law, requmng that they ^ould be oiganized bv the
| independent action of the Wate Governments, has, in some
I instance;*, occasioned considerable delay, and it is yet un-
! certain when the troops lerjuircd can he ready for sci viee in
1 the held.
It is oui sculed policy to maintain, in tune of peace, aa
small a regular army a^ the cxiseneies of the public servic <5
will p°innt. Tn a state of war, notwithstanding the great
advantages with whieh our volunteer citizen soldier can
be brought into the field, tins small legula' arin> must be *
mcieased m its numbers, m order to render the whole foice
more efficient.
Additional officers, as well as men, then become indis-
pensable. Under the circumstances of om service, a pecu-
liar propriety exists* for increasing the officer's, especially in
the higher grades. The number of such officers who, from
nee and other causes, are rendered incapable of active ser-
vice in the field, has seiioiHy impaired the efficiency of the
army.
From the report of the Secretary of War, it appears that
about two-thirds of the whole regimental lield officers are
