1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
either permanently disabled, or are necessarily detached
from their commands on other duties. The long enjoyment
of peace has pi evented us from experiencing much embar-
rassment iroin this cause j but now, in a state of war, con-
ducted 311 a foreign country, it ha? produced serious injury
to the public service.
An elncient organization of the army, composed of regu-
lars and volunteers, whilst prosecuting the war in Mexico,
it is believed, would require the appointment of a general
officer to take command of all our military forces in the
field.
Upon the conclusion of the war the services of such an
officer would no longer be necessary, and should be dis-
pensed with upon the reduction of the army to a peace
establishment.
I recommend that provision be made by law for the ap-
pointment of such a general officer, to serve during the
war.
It is respectfully recommended that eaily action should
he had by Co ngress upon the suggestions submitted for their
consideiation, as necessary to ensure active and efficient
service m prosecuting the war before the present favorable
season for military operations in the enemy's country ohall
have passed away. JAMES K. POLK.
Mr. DIX. Mr. President, I move that the mes-
sage be printed, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL FACILITIES FORTHE aRMY IN MEXICO.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
message from the President of the United States,
accompanying a communication from the Post-
master General in answer to a resolution of the
16th ultimo, in relation to the transmission of let-
ters and papers to and from officers and soldiers
in the service of the United States in Mexico.
On the motion of Mr. MOREHEAD, it was
ordered to be printed, and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The joint resolution for the relief of "William Ii.
Thomas, was read a second time, and was then
taken up as ill Committee of the Whole.
After a brief conversation between Mr. JAR-
JNAGIN, Mr. HUNTINGTON, and Mr. MAN-
"GUM, it was laid on the table on the motion of
Mr. JARNAGIN, to give Senators an opportunity
to look into its merits.
The Senate next took up the bill for the relief of
Mary McRae, widow of William McRae; and no
amendment being offered thereto, it was reported
to the Senate.
, And the question was on its engrossment.
Mr. DAYTON said he knew nothing of the
merits of this matter, for nothing could be got from
the bill itself. It alleged the fact generally of mer-
itorious services by the deceased William Mc-
Rae, in the Indian wars, and of the destitute con-
dition of his widow; but if this were good ground
whereon to grant a pension, they should have such
applications multiplied on every hand. He would
suggest that the bill be laid aside for the piesent,
that they might have an opportunity to look at the
facts of the case. It might be a meritorious one,
but lie saw nothing on the face of this bill to lead
him to that conclusion.
Mr. BENTON explained that this bill was
brought in at the last session, was debated on
this floor, amended on the motion of the Senator
from Maryland, and was then passed; and these
were the reasons why it was asked to put it on its
passage to-day. Doubtless the name had escaped
the Se'nator from New Jersey. Tl^ere was, too, a
report made upon it at the last session, which
might not have been reprinted this session, but it
might be read if Senators desired it. The facts of
the case and the principles on which the bill rests
are these: that when an officer in the service of
the United States dies, the sacrifice is exactly the
same to the country whether he dies on land or
water. There is no difference in the merit of the
sacrifice. The deceased, in this case, was an offi-
cer in the army of the United States. He served
out and wore out a long life in the public service.
He died. He was not killed. If he had been
killed on the battle-field, instead of dying on the
banks^f the Ohio, or if he had died in the naval
service of the United States, his wife would have
been pensioned for five years or for life. Now this
was one of those cases which called upon them to
decide whether there should continue to be such a
distinction between the two'branches of the ser-
vice: if the widow of a naval officer should be pen-
sioned for life, whether the husband died or was
killed, and no provision should be made for the
widow of an officer of the army unless he were
killed on the field of battle. The principle involv-
ed in this case was well considered at the last ses-
sion, and it was the voice of the Senate at that
time that that distinction should no longer exist,
but that both branches of the service should be put
dn the same footing. If the report made at the last
session were read, it would show the facts of the
case.
Mr. DAYTON, with permission of the Senator
from Missouri, would prefer that the bill should
lie on the table until to-morrow, and in the mean-
time they could read the report.
Mr. BENTON had no objection to that course.
The bill was accordingly laid on the table in-
formally.
Mr. JARNAGIN called for the consideration of
a resolution heretofore offered by him; and it was
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to the Senate copies of all instructions given
by the War Department or from the office of In-
dian Affairs, to all or any of the commissioners
from time to time appointed to adjudicate claims
under the treaty of 1835—*6, between the United
States and the Cherokee nation of Indians.
The bill for the relief of Joshua Dodge was taken
up, as in committee of the whole, and no amend-
ment being offered, it was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
PUBLIC LANDS.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in
committee of the whole, the bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands.
Mr. BAGBY moved to amend by striking out
"fifteen,"and inserting " ten," so as to make the
provisions of the bill apply to lands which had been
exposed for sale fov a period of ten years instead of
fifteen. As the bill now stood, it would operate with
peculiar hardship and injustice on much the largest
part of the public lands in his own State, which
would be deprived of the benefit expected to be de-
rived from this system of reduction and graduation.
' For that reason he had offered this amendment,
; upon which he asked for the yeas and nays.
! The veas and nays were ordered.
1 Mr. CRITTENDEN said this bill was of very
great consequencc, and one which called for the
: serious consideration of the Senate. Without de- !
siring any procrastination or unnecessary delay,
' he hoped there would be no objection to its being
| postponed and made the special order for some
i early day. He would move that it be postponed
; to this day week.
i Mr. BREESE said he had no objection to the
! postponement. He would merely remark, that
this was identical with the bill which passed the
Senate late in July last, it was the very bill which
the Secretary of* the Treasury recommended as
being calculated to bring into the treasury an addi-
tional sum of $500,000 annually; and it was then
carefully examined by the Senator from Kentucky,
who expressed his views upon it. At the same
time, he had no objection to the postponement, if
the Senator from Kentucky desired it. The vote
might, nevertheless, be now taken on the amend-
ment to strike out " fifteen" and insert " ten," oil
which he desired first to submit a few remarks.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped the Senator from
Illinois would not press the amendment at this
time, and remarked, that though tins bill had here-
tofore passed the Senate, it met with no favor in |
the House. , j
Mr. BREESE desired to say, that this was the |
bill which passed the Senate after receiving modifi- |
cations in the House: |
Mr. HUNTINGTON: and which was laid on j
the table in the House. j
The bill was then postponed to Monday next, j
and made the special order for that day. [
The Senate then went into executive session, !
and after some time spent therein, |
The Senate adjourned. 1
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday January 4, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced that the House hav- j
ins; set apart this day for the special consideration
of the " bill to raise for a limited time an additional
military force, and for other purposes," it would
now proceed to the consideration of said special
order.
Mr. PRESTON KING, previous notice having*
been given, asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following l^ill, viz:
AN ACT making further provision for the expenses attend-
ing Hie intercourse between the United States and foreign,
nations.
Whereas, a state of war now exists between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, which it is desirable
should be terminated upon terms just and honorable to both' *
nations; and whereas assurances have heretofore been giverr
to the Government of Mexico that it was the desire uf tins
President to settle all question* between the two countries
on the most liberal and satisfactory terms, aceoiriing to the
rights of each, and the mutual interests and security of the
two countries; and whereas the President may be able to
conclude a treaty of pcaee with the Republic of Mexico
prior to the next session of Congie s, if means for that ob-
ject aie at his disposal; and whereas, in, the adjustment of
so many complicated questions as now exist botween the
two countues, it may possibly happen that an expenditure
of money will be calleil ior by the stipulations ot any treaty
which may be entered into. Therefore—
Bn it. e.mwt.e1 by the., Senate and Hjwb of Represeni'tives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, Tiiatthe
sum of thirty thousand dollars be, and the same is heieby,
appropriated, out of any money in the treasury not other-
wi>e appropriated, to enable the President to enter upon nego-
tiations tor the restoration of peace with Mexico, whenever
it shall be in his pow er to do so.
Sec 2. .1ml be it further enacted, That there shall be nei-
ther slavery nor involuntary servitude in any territory which
shall heroaiier be acquired' by or be annexed to the United
States, otherwise than in the punu-hmcntof eunies whereof
the paity shall have been dul> convicted. Provided, aluuys,
That any p.-rson escaping into the .same hom whom labor
I .-eivice is lawl'tilh claimed in any one of the United
j States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and eon-
; vcyed out of said territmy to the person chinning his or her
j labor or service.
{ Sec. 3. %dnd be it further cnactcd, That the sum of two
! millions of dollais be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
I out of any money in the nca->urv not otherwise appropriated,
j to enable the President to conclude a treaty of peace with
' the Republic of Mexico, to be used by him in the event that
; said treaty, when signed by the authorized agents of the two
j Governments, and, being ratified by Mexico, shall call for
j the expendituie of the same, or any pait thereof; full and
! accurate account* for which expenditure shall be by him
transmitted to Congress at as eaily a day as practicable.
| Objection being made to the reception of the
I bill—
I Mr. PRESTON KING moved to postpone the
! special order, so as to enable him to introduce said
j bill.
! On which motion the yeas and nays were or-
; dered and taken, as follows, viz:
i VEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold, Ashmun, Benton, Jas.
j Black, Blanchard, Brinkerhoff, Btodhead. Buffington, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Collamer,
Cran-ton, Cummins, Delano, De Mott, Dillingham, Dunlap,
[ Ellawoith, John II. Ewmg, Fdran. Foot, Giddings, Goulou,
j Gunnell, G rover, Hale, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Halting*,
; Ehas B. Holmes, Hough, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Huh-
| baid, Hudson. Hungeiford, Wa-hmgton Hunt, Jas. B. Hunt,
Joseph R. Inger-'oll, Jenkins, James II. Johnson, Daniel P.
King, Preston King,L"ib, Levin. Lewis, Long, McGaughey,
Mcllvai'ie, Marsh, Miller, Mo-elev, Moulton, Pendleton,
Fcttit, Pollock, R ims ;y, Rathbun, Ripley, Julius Rockwell,
Root, Runk, Russell, Sawfeile, Scammon, Scbrnck, Soa-
!!iao. Seveiance, Tunnan Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B.
Smitn, Sttohm. Sykes, Benjamin Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Tliunnaa, Tilden, Vance, Vinton, Wcntworfh, Whea-
ton. White, Williams. Wilmot. Wmthrop. and Wood—
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bamnger, Bayly. Bed-
in<rer, Bell, Bigg*. Jame,*- A. Black. Bowdon, Bowlin, Bnyd,
M:lton Brown. VVillrim G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Augus-
tus A. Chapman, Cha-e. Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Cottrell,
Cio/.ier, Cullom, Cunningham, Dargan, G. Davis, Dockery,
Douglass. Er.lman, Edwin H. Evvmg, Fickhn, Fostei, Fries,
Giles, Giaham, Grider, H.iraNon, Haimanson, Hslliard,
Ilogf, Hopkins, Geoigr- S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard,
Hunter,Chaiies J. IoaMs-oll. Joseph Johnson, Andrew John-
son, G W Jono-, Kaufman, Kennedv, Lawrence, Leak*.-*,
Loftier. Lmon, Lumpkin, Maclav, McClemand. M( Oiatf\
Mel) unel, Ja-.eph J. McDowell, Ja-. McDowell. McHenry,
John P. Mutm. BaikleyMaitin. Moifce. Norn:*, Owen, Par
nsh, Payne, Peii'll, Peny. Phelps, Pil-biiA, lipid, Reife,
Roberts, S.ivwer, Leonard T1 Sim-, Simpson.Thos. South,
Roheit Smith, Starkweather, Thibodaiix, Thomnsson,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tredway, Trunibo, Wick, and
Woodwaid—89.
The special order not being postponed, the bill
was not introduced.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON explained to the
House that he was absent on Saturday last, when
the vote was taken on the resolution declaring it
inexpedient to tax tea and coffee; and that, if he
had been present, he should have voted for the
resolution.
Mr. LEAKE said he rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He said that he obseived by the journal,
and in the public papers of this city, containing
the proceedings of the House of Representatives
of December 29, 1846, that he was reported as
voting in favor of laying on the table the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Ham-
lin] to " close the reflectories in the basement of
the Capitol, unless the sale of spirituous liquors be
suspended therein." Mr. L. stated that he was
absent from the city in Virginia on that day, and
