THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF W A S IH N G TON ,13 Y BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 3847."
State of Michigan. He believed much; and if it
were proper to go further, why do it. Do it. He
was not very solicitous on the subject. The public
lands seemed to be an object to scramble for instead
of being made a source"of revenue; but he must
say that he always felt it to be his duty to oppose
everything like partial grants of the public domain.
^ Yet this measure had that character stamped upon
it so prominently, that it could be viewed in 110
other light than as a system radically, necessarily,
essentially partial and confined in its whole practi-
cal operation. He could not, therefore, go for any
such a measure. They should next have local and
partial objects which this Government would be
called upon to aid—objects which look to no gen-
eral result, no comprehensive system of good, no
uniformity of action, no pretence even of equal and
common justice, to the people who have a common
right in (his national domain.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said he did not again rise
to debate this matter, but to correct an impression
which was certainly an erroneous one, which
weemed to have had its influence on the mind of the
Senator from Connecticut.
The proposition assumed by the Senator was,
that if the bill which was before the Senate the
last and several preceding sessions had become a
law, the whole benefit would have inured to the
company to whom the State was compelled lo sell
that railroad. Now, that was an erroneous im-
pression: for, if the grant had been seasonably ob-
tained—if the bill had passed and become a law,
the State would have been *aved from all necessity
of any such saie whatever. It was for the very
purpose of preventing the sale that it was so stren-
uously urged by its fiiends at the last session. But
it did not, pass. With respect to the benefit con-
templated in the first section of the bill, and the
idea that it would accrue to some corporate com-
pany, there was no more foundation for such a
supposition than for the other. The Central Rail-
• road Company had no interest whatever m it. It
was an internal State concern.
With regard to another objection of the honora-
ble Senator—equality and benefit to ail the States 
if this had any connexion with the proposed grant,
it would be too late to urge such an objection.
The Senaior declared he did not know how much
Michigan had received. She hud not received one
quarter as much as some of the States; and if this
appropriation were put upon that ground it must
necessarily have the support of the honorable Sen-
ator, as tending to produce that very equality which
he so warmly commended.
Mr. BAGBY said that the objection which he
entertained to the passage of this bill had not been !
removed by anything which had been said by the j
Senator from Michigan in answer to the inquiry I
which he had propounded to him. According to i
the honorable Senator's explanation, the State of i
Michigan had no interest in the Central Railroad; I
and yet the State was alone interested in this one i
which was to be connected with it. The plain I
English of the matter he understood to be this: i
that the State of Michigan, though compelled by 1
pressure of circumstances to abandon a former |
work into the hands of a private company, finding j
the prospect of obtaining an appropriation of land
for carrying on the work to be hopeless, though
the State had heretofore sought similar grants for
similar internal improvements, which improve-
ments she was obliged afterwards to abandon, still
the imposing name of the State of Michigan was
again to be used for the purpose of supplying a
connecting link on that very railway, (her interest
in which she had alienated.) thereby imparting to
,it an increased value. This he understood to" be
the plain English of the proposition now before the
Senate.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, interposing, said that the
existing railroad company neither originated this
project nor had any participation in it.
^ Mr. BAGBY said he had no doubt about that;
but he thought it was pretty certain, according to
the facts now disclosed; that in the end it would
belong to a company. What guarantee had they
that the very hour an appropriation was made it
would not inure to the benefit of private individu-
als ? But, leaving that out of the question, he was
opposed to this whole system. It was calling on
the Congress of the United States to do two things:
first, to appropriate the public domain for purposes
of internal improvement within the States; and,
next, to make that donation at a time when they
were told, from the most authentic sources, that it
was necessary to impose a tax upon the necessa-
ries of life in order to carry on the operations of
the Government. At such a time as this, then, it
was proposed to give away the public domain.
And he asked now, as he had asked on a former
occasion, where was the difference between grant-
ing to a new Slate so much land, and granting to
a State where there were no lands so much money
out of the treasury? Was there any difference ?
He*knew there was a fashionable answer to this,
which had been fabricated of late: it was this: that
by giving away one-half of the public domain, the
remaining half would be so much enhanced in value
as to make good what was given away. But he
did not believe that the honorable Senator from
Michigan would be able to satisfy the Senate that
by giving away one-half of the public lands in that
State, the other half would yield the Government
as much as the whole would have yielded. It was
a most extraordinary spectacle that the States—
the patriotic States—of this Union should be reach-
ing forth their hands for appropriations for their
own use and benefit, at n time when the exigencies
of the country required that all the resources of
the treasury should be drawn in with accelerated
rapidity for the uses of the General Government;
that they should be called upon to make dona-
tions at a time when the treasury was literally
empty: yet such was the fact TheV ^ould scarce-
ly expect to enrich either the Government or on
individual by °ivmg away one-half of jts or his
possessions. It was contrary to a'j experience
and the common sens* of mankind. He had no
expectation of being able to defeat this measure:
the experience of former years convinced him of
the uselessnessof sue}) an at'empt. All he asked,
therefore, was, that he mio;ht be permitted to record
his name against it: and for that purpose he called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS said he was unwilling to renew the
discussion which arose upon this bill at the last
session, when the whole matter was fully gone \
into, and when question5? were raised which he had j
not heard mentioned now, and therefore, in respect j
to them, he too should be silent; but there seemed I
to be two or three grounds upon which this bill !
was opposed, to which he would briefly advert. :
There were one or two erneral grounds, and one I
special or particular. Tt had been said that the j
grant murht inure to the benefit of a private com-
pany. The bill, it would be recollected, was, in |
its essential features, similar to the bill of last ses- I
sion, though that bill proposed to grant land to an
extent of a hundred miles more than this one. The j
Central Railroad was two hundred nules long, for i
one hundred and fifty miles of which land was !
granted. This was fifty or sixt}' miles long, and i
a grant of sixty nules was to be made. The hon- |
ovahle gentleman hod said that the State might sell j
the railroad, and the benefits of the grant accrue '
to a private company. This remark was apphca- !
ble to every grant. The State miirht sell the rail- ,
road. What then.' If the road were constructed, ,
the great object of the State as we'l as of the Gen-
eral Government would be accomplished. The
value of the work, completed by "whatsoever means
it might be, would enter into the mais of the gen-
eral wealth of the State. And neither that honor- i
able Senator nor any other should presume that
the work would be sold unnecessarily. The ob-
ject of the State, however, would be accomplished
by the completion of the road, and the object of
the General Government would also be attained
by the increased value of the remainder of the pub-
lic lands. If the road should be sold, it would be
with proper limitations, and because it ought to be
sold.
There were two railroads in that section of ooun-
New Series No. 8.
try—the Central Railroad from Detroit- to Lake
Michigan, two hundred miles long; and another
running from Monroe, on Lake Erie, some sixty
miles; but this was a continuation of neither of the
otheis: on the contrary, it was running at right an-
gles to both. It was intended to afford a cotnmu-
jj nication between a remote portion and the residue
j of the country, and the General Government had
J the right granted of the tiansportation of troops
M and provisions and munitions of war over it. But
| it was not alone on the ground of benefiting the
;j States that these appropriations were sought for;
j| the effect would be to raise the value of the residue
ij of the public domain. This Government was the
,| great landed proprietor west of the Alleghany
mountains, and he did not believe there was a land-
j holder who had done so little for the improvement
| of the value of his propeity. The Government con-
j; tented itself with surveying its land and selling it.
I This great distinction was obvious; under such a
:[ course the land of the Government did not enter
into the mass of property m a State; and not only
; that, but it did not enter into the means of im-
: provementof the country. It did not contribute
\ to improving- the navigation of rivers, to building
1 churches and school-houses, or to any of those ob-
jects which go to create a great empire. ILs
honorable colleague had truly observed that the
amount given to Michigan fell far'short of that
given to other States. The necessity for works of
infernal improvement was feit during the last war
with Great Britain, and, as a prudent legislature,
they were bound to provide against the occurrence
| oi such a state of things hereafter. He trusted the
; bill would pass.
! Mr. CALHOUN remarked that he thought the
, same objections applied to this bill as to the' bill of
, last session. The vote he gave on that occasion
j he should give on tin's. He hud no objection where
j a road passed through the public lands to give al-
j ternate sections to aid in its construction; but he
] understood that this bill required more than that;
! he did not believe himself justified therefore in
j voting for it.
j The question was then U ken upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time, and de-
cided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. All^n, Ashley, Atchison, Benton, Freest?,
Cats. Ci)lev. Coi win, Ci utemirn, Greene. IJaniK-ijaii,
Huiitinsrton, Jarnurm, Johnson of Louisiana, John.-on of
Maryland. Mangnm, Mill.'r, Mmeliead, Phelp=, Simmons,
Spwslit. Sturgeon, l7pha'n, and Woodliridge—26.
NAYS— Mes-srs. Aicner, Athuton. Bairby, Cutler. Cal-
houn, Camw.iii, Joliii ?r Clejton. ThoiM- CI,ij tori', Col-
fjiutt, ton, Ijly, Fatilic-lii, Lc'vi.Vile-. Tnmev, and
Yulee—16.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to complete the Cumberland road, and
cede the same to the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, and Missouri, which was read hv the Secre-
tary.
, Mr. BAGBY said the Senate was far from being
| full; ho hoped, theicforc, tins bill would be passed
; over, and made the special order for an early day.
j He therefore moved to postpone its consideration
' to VJnnd.sv next, and that it be made the sptuial
i order for that day.
! Mr. 11ANNEGAN. I have no objection, sir,
; to Us bemg made the special order for Monday
j next, or Tuesday, ns I understand there are already
two special orders for Monday.
| Mr. BAGBY changed his motion so as to make
| it the speiial order for Tuesday, of next week.
The motion \va& agreed to.
I The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
j of executive business; and, after some tune spent
i therein, adjourned.
! HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
j Tuesday, January 5, 1847.
| The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
i Mr. PENDLETON requested the correction of
| the Journal of yesterday so as to place his vote in
the negative on the motion of Mr, Preston* King,
t to postpone the special order of the day of yester-
