114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
day, it having been erroneously recorded in the
affirmative.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi- \\
ness of yesterday as the business first in order, !
viz: the bill reported by Mr. Thurman to reor- '
ganize the district courts of the United States in the
State of Alabama; on which a motion to lay the
bill on the table was pending.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mil- j
itary Affairs, to which had been referred the mes- j
sage of yesterday from the President of the United j
States, asked that the said committee be discharged !j
from so much of said message as relates to the j!
appointment of a general officer to take command j'
of all our military forces in the field, and that it be i;
laid upon the tabie. •[
The motion was agreed to, without any express- |j
ed opposition, and the subject was accordingly laid ;;
ori the table. I',
Mr. EDWIN H. EWING gave notice that on ij
to-morrow, or at some future day of the session,
he would introduce bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill to alter and amend the judicial system of
the United States;
A bill making compensation to pension agents;
and
A bill providing compensation for the officers
and soldiers who served in the Indian wars prior
to the treaty of Grenville, m 1795.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
Leave being unanimously given—
Mr. K. said: Mr. Speaker, I find in the Union
of this morning a paragiaph, alluding, I presume, jj
to a bill wjiicli I yesteiday asked leave to intro- ;j
duce. The editor of the Union, it is very evident, ,j
mistakes the purpose of the bill. I desire briefly ,!
to state the reasons and opinions which induced Ij
me to propose the measure; and, that I may not
be misunderstood, I have written what I propose ;
to say. 11
Sir, in proposing to introduce that bill, I had no jj
intention to interfere with or to anticipate the action jl
of the standing committee from which it came to "
the House at the last session, but was governed
solely by the desire to bring the subjects presented
by the provisions of the bill to the early consider-
ation and action of the House. The bill embraces
two principal features—one placing an amount of
money at the discretion of the President, to be
used in negotiating a peace with Mexico, if an op- j
portunity shall occur when the President should |
deem it proper to use this money in negotiating a j
treaty of peace; the other excluding slavery from
any territory which the United States may here- i
after acquire, bcui<r the provision offered by the !
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. I
WiLMor,] and adopted as a part of this peace'
measure by the House of Representatives in August i
last. I will frankly say, that if I had not sup- j
posed that there was a disposition in some quar- j
ters silently to give the free principle of the Wilmot j
proposition the go-by, and, by smothering and !
avoiding action upon it, to give further extension ]
to the dominions of slavery at the expense of free i
territory, I should not at this time have brought
forward tins bill. The President recommended,
and reiterates his recommendation, of a law grant-
ing the two millions.
Mr. PAYNE here rose and said: I rise to a
pomt of order. In making a personal explanation,
the gentleman has no right to go into a general 1
speech in explanation and defence of a bill which 1
has been submitted to Congress for its action. j
Mr.R. CHAPMAN, (withoutrising:) Certainly ;
not. i
Mr. WENT WORTH. I hope the gentleman !
will have liberty to proceed. j
The SPEAKER observed that the House had
by unanimous consent agreed that the rules of pro-
ceeding should be suspended to afFoid the gentle-
man from New York opportunity to make a per-
sonal explanation. It was, in such cases, almost
impossible for the Chair to decide how far remarks ;
made by gentlemen under such cucumstanees were •
confined to what might strictly be considered as an !
explanation purely personal. Of that the House
could judge as welt as the Chair: but where there
were no rules of order in force, it was too much to
expect the presiding officer of the House to assume
the delicate responsibility of deciding when a mem-
ber transcended the leave given for an explanation.
Mr. PAYNE. Does the "hour-rule apply?
The SPEAKER. Oh, certainly!
Mr. KING thereupon proceeded: If coupled
with the Wilmot proviso, I would cheerfully grant
the money. But I would have the free principle
of the Wilmot proviso enacted into law, whether
this bill passes or not. The time has come when
this Republic should declare by law that it will not
be made an instrument to the extension of slavery
on the continent of America. That the boundaries,
institutions, arid principles of our Republic must
and will extend, theie can be no doubt. The pres-
ent war with Mexico must result in an extension of
the territory of the United States. A peace hon-
orable to this country cannot be concluded without
indemnity from Mexico in territory. It is whis-
pered that it will not do to propose a law that any
such territory should be free, because a Southern
Administration will take no territory unless it shall
be so arranged that the territory shall be open to
slavery. I "will not listen to or harbor so mon-
strous an idea.
Every inch of Texas was yielded to slavery. I
know that it was reluctantly yielded to the posses-
sion of slavery by many who supposed the acqui-
sition of Texas might be hazarded by any dissen-
sion about the terms so strenuously insisted upon
by the representatives of the slave States; but,
with Texas, the extension of slavery, it was sup-
posed, would stop. It was hoped the South would
not desire to carry it where it does not now exist.
Is this so ? The two millions are distinctly,urgent-
ly, and repeatedly recommended by the Pres;dent
to be appropriated. There is no other purpose for
which this appropriation can be wanted except m
connexion with a ccssion of territory by Mexico.
Mexico already owes us unpaid indemnities for
acknowledged and adjudicated spoliations on our
commerce. 1 repeat, we must have territory from
Mexico; and there can be no harm or impropriety
in stating what circumstances and every action of
our Government proclaim to the world as clearly
and as unerringly as words could do.
Shall the territory now free which shall come to
our jurisdiction be fiee territory, open settle-
ment by the laboring man of the free States, or
shall it be slave territory given up to slave labor?
One or other it must be; it cannot be both. The
labor of the free white men and women, and of
their children, cannot and will not eat and drink,
and lie down, and rise up with the black labor of
slaves; free white labor will not be degraded by
such association if slavery is not excluded by
law, the presence of the slave will exclude the
laboring white man. The young men who went
with their axes into the forests, and hewed out of
the wilderness such States as Ohio and Indiana and
Michigan and Illinois and Iowa and Wisconsin,
! would never have consented, in the workshops or
m the field, to be coupled with negro slaves. These
poweiful Commonwealths have sprung up in the
great West within the memory of a single genera-
tion, free, populous, and flourishing, by the wis-
dom of the legislation of the men of the Revolu-
j tion. One act of this Government did more for
j them than all other acts of legislation. It was the
j ordinance of July, 1787, by which slavery and in-
i voluntary servitude, except for crime, was forever
| prohibited in all the territory of the United States
north and west of the Ohio river. The brave and
patriotic generation who achieved our independ-
ence, and established the republic, did not hesi-
tate about passing such an act. They thus saved
these now populous and powerful States from the
evils of slavery and a black population.
Shall we hesitate to do the same thing for terri-
tory where slavery does not now exist? I trust
; not. The man who lias wealth or credit to pur-
j chase a plantation, and become theownerof slaves,
| may settle and reside without social degradation
| in a country where slavery exists. Not so with
i the laboring white man. He cannot go without
| social degradation, and he therefore will not go,
i He is excluded quite as effectually as he could be
I by law. The mere presence of slavery, wherever
! it exists, degrades the condition, the respectability,
! the character of labor. A false and mischievous
: public opinion regarding the condition and respect-
: ability of labor is produced by its presence; and
false and recreant to his race and to his constitu-
ency would be any Representative of free white
men and women who should by his vote place free
white labor upon a condition of social equality
with the labor of the black slave; equally false
would he be who, upon any pretence, should, by
inaction and evasion of the question, produce the
same degrading result.
The measure which I had the honor to propose,
presented this subject to the House. I cannot, and
of course do not, claim any originality in the prin-
ciples of the bill; one feature of which comes from
the earnest recommendation of the President in
his spccial message to-Congress of the last session;
the other from the motion of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,] and the adoption of his
proposition by the House, when the bill was con-
sidered and passed. The measure is again, in the
annual message of the President at the opening of
the present session, strongly recommended to the
favorable attention of Congress. The history of
the measure is known to the House and the eoun- •
try. It passed the House of Representatives at
the last session, late on Saturday night next pre-
ceding Monday, the 10th of August, on which day
Congress had decided to adjourn at twelve o'clock
at noon. Many other important bills were still
pending in the Senate, to be decided in the fore-
noon of Monday, and this bill, taken up in the
last hour of the session of the Senate, did not re-
ceive the final action of a vote upon its passage*
but was lost by not having been voted upon, and
without the decision of the Senate. This measure,
m a time of war, is recommended by the Presi-
dent, and should be acted on by Congress as a
peace measure, and is evidence to the country and
to the world, that however vigorously it may he
deemed just and proper to prosecute the war, while
war, or cause of war, exists, still the desire for
honorable peace is a sentiment strong as ever with
our Government; and this measure, recommended
by the President, is evidence that no intention ex-
ists, in negotiating a peace, to demand terms other
than such as are honorable both to this country
and to Mexico.
Of the causes of the war, or the manner in which
it commenced, it would scarcely be proper for me
now to speak; even if it were, these topics have
been discussed at very considerable length by those
much more able to elucidate them than I am. I
am one of those who believe a war with Mexico
was inevitable after the annexation of Texas, upon
the terms selected by President Tyler, should be
consummated. Whether the alternative mode
presented by Congress, or any other mode or
terms would have avoided war, it is now, perhaps,
useless to inquire. The annexation of Texas to
the United States was believed to be desired by the
people of both countries, and Texas was annexed.
The right of annexation by two independent na-
tions cannot be questioned. But to obtain posses-
sion ofTamaulipas and Chihuahua, between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande, where the Mexicans
held disputed possession, and to get Santa Fc,
where the Mexican authorities and people held
undisputed possession, the use of force was neces-
sary. The use of force between nations to decide
a disagreement between them, is war.
The use of force and of military power was ne-
cessary, I repeat, to expel the Mexican authorities
from all of these provinces claimed by Texas, un-
less Mexico should cede them by negotiation. But
Mexico not only refused to abandon Tamaulipas
and Chihuahua, between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande, and Santa Fe, on the north of Texas, but
she even asserted a claim upon Texas itself, and
declared that the annexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States would be regarded by her as an act of
war on the part of the United States against Mexi-
co. When measures for the annexation of Texas
were adopted by our Government, Mexico with-
drew her Minister from Washington, refused to
renew negotiations, and prepared to wage war. In
the valley of the Rio Grande, on the Texan side
of that river, the armies of the two nations met,
hostilities commenced, and actual war was waged.
There can be no doubt of what is the duty of every
j good citizen of the United States in a state of war.
; The enemies of his country should be his enemies,
! her friends his friends. A cordial support and vig-
i orous prosecution of the war should be sustained
! while the war lasts. The war should be termi-
, nated whenever an honorable peace can be obtain-
ed, and not before.
The bill which I proposed, and still propose to
introduce, looks to such a termination of the war.
While its first feature—the two million appropria-
tion—more clearly discloses what it would be in
vain to deny, or attempt to conceal, that the acqui-
sition of territory, at least of the Californias and
