1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
New Mexico, as an indemnity for the war, as well
as for previous wrongs and injuries against our
Government and citizens, will be insisted upon by
the Government of the United States, but upon
terms liberal and honorable to Mexico, it contains
also a principle, in the provision proposed by my
friend from Pennsylvania, more important than the
war itself; a principle with which Mexico, in ar-
ranging her terms of peace, has nothing to do, and
with which I do not understand that it is proposed
by anybody she should have anything to do. It
is no subject of treaty stipulation, unless the treaty-
making powers of the two Governments shall, of
their own free will, choose to make it so. It is a
question purely our own, and pertaining exclu-
sively to the United States. This principle ex-
cludes slavery from any territory which may here-
after be added to this country. This principle I
•-deem to be of vital importance, and should be very
much gratified if it could receive the unanimous
assent and approbation of Congress. This, how-
ever, I do not expect. The same interest which
pertinaciously insisted upon extending slavery over
Texas, still desires, I apprehend, its further exten-
sion. This should not be so. For the existence
of slavery in the United States, the Government of
the republic is not responsible. It was planted
here while the country was colonies of Great Brit-
ain; and its existence or continuance is not a ques-
tion for the Government of the Union; it belongs
exclusively to each State for itself.
The bill proposed presents no question of aboli-
^ tionism. It is the antagonist 'of abolitionism,
denying any constitutional power in the Federal
Government to meddle in any way with the exist-
ence of slavery within the limits of a State. No
free State in the Union has ever held or asserted
the right or authority of the Federal Government
to abolish or interfere with slavery in any State.
But while every free State has always maintained,
and stands ready to maintain, the Constitution and
all its compromises, it cannot be supposed the peo-
ple of the free States will approve the exertion of
'the power of the Federal Government to extend
indefinitely the institution of slavery over territory
which is now free. With the abolition of slavery
the Congress of the Union can have nothing to do;
but it would be an equally wide departure from
the Constitution, and from every sound principle
upon which our republican institutions are found-
ed, that the Government of the United States
should be instrumental in extending slavery in any
direction, or in converting free territory into slave
territory. To avoid this result, it is necessary that
Congress shall provide by law against the exist-
ence of slavery in any territory which hereafter
may bccome the territory of the United States,
and which shall not be included within the limits
of a State. Whenever any territory shall have
obtained a population sufficient for the formation
of a State Government, and shall have formed a
State constitution, and been admitted into the
Union as a State, then the responsibility of the
Federal Government 011 the question of slavery for
that territory and people, thus admitted as a State,
■ ceases.
Then, say they who oppose the enactment of
the Wilmot proviso, Why not let the question
alone, and leave it to the States and the people
themselves to determine whether the State shall be
a slave State or a free State? This inquiry and
reasoning is specious and plausible; but the sim-
plest examination on the principles of common
sense will show that it is unsound and false. If
left alone, slaves more or less will be carried to the
new territory, and if the country while it remains
a territory should be settled by a population hold-
ing slaves, the new and additional question of
abolition is presented, and in order to get a free
State shivery must first be abolished. This em-
barrassment in a new community, without means
to indemnify the owners, would be an obstacle
almost insurmountable, and the new State would
be very far from being free to choose between be-
coming a free State or a slave State. On the con-
trary, if the country, while it remains a Territory,
shall be settled by a free population, from which
slavery is excluded, then, when a State govern-
ment is formed, the State and the people would be
unembarrassed by any pecuniary interests or ques-
tions of vested right, and be free to decide whether
the State should be a free State or a slave State. In
order, then, to secure this freedom of choice to the
State and to the people, slavery must be excluded
from the country while it shall be a Territory, and
until it shall become a State.
But I will not pursue the subject now. It must
be obvious to all, as I think it will be acknowl-
edged by all, that the character of the population
in the Territory will determine the character of the
State, when that Territory shall be erected into a
State. If the Territory has a slave population of
only one-fourth or one-fifth of the whole number, it
will be a slave State. If a free population while a
Territory, it will be a free State. Exclude slavery
from all territory not within the limits of a State, and
I am willing the Territory shall determine for itself,
when it becomes a State, what shall be its charac-
ter. Many of the States in which slavery existed
when the Union was formed have abol'shed the
institution. No instance of any one of the States
from which slavery has been excluded, can be
found where the State or the people have deter-
mined to introduce slaves. If Congress shall re-
fuse, at this session, to make this free principle
a law, the arms of the republic will conquer free
territory upon which slavery will be planted. I
desire the adoption of the free principle, because I
believe it to be just to the free States, just to the
white men who fight our battles, and who constitute
the strength of the country in peace or war; be-
cause I believe it to be consistent with the princi-
ples of our Government, and because I believe it
will tend to improve the condition and character of
labor in the whole country. And who will deny
that, in a republic, it should be one of the chief
objects of Government to elevate and dignify the
condition and character of labor? Unless this
measure shall be brought before the House by a
committee, or in some other way, I shall continue
to urge the bill I proposed yesterday upon the at-
tention of the House.
When Mr. Ki g concluded—
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said, that in con-
sequence of the very gross fraud which had been
practised on the indulgence of the House, he would
ask Ieave.to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That no member shall be permitted to
make a personal explanation, or pretended expla-
nation, if upon a vote twenty-five members be
found objecting to the same.
Objection being made—
Mr. HOUSTON moved to suspend the rules;
but the House refused to suspend them.
Mr. H. then said that he should object to all
applications hereafter for leave to make personal
explanations.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated that the House was ac-
cumulating measure on measure in a way that
must produce great embarrassment. It had three
special orders assigned to this day already; it was
impossible gentlemen could get on with the busi-
ness of the House in this way.
Mr. BURT, from the Military Committee,
wished to offer a resolution. No objection being
made, it was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be communicated to this
House the whole number of volunteers which have
been mustered into the service of the United States
since the first day of May last, designating the
number mustered for three months, six months,
and twelve months; the number of those who have
been discharged before they had served two months;
number discharged after two months' service; and
the number of volunteer officers who have resigned,
and the date of their resignation.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, wished to obtain
some information; which, however, 011 explana-
tion, was found to be included within the call just
moved.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. SCHENCIC rose to a question of privilege,
which he would present in the form of a resolution.
He then moved the following:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be in-
structed to inquire and report to this House wheth-
er the Hon. Edward D. Baker, a representative
from the State of Illinois, having accepted a com-
mission as colonel of volunteers in the army of the
United States, and being in the service of and re-
ceiving compensation from the Government of the
United States, as such army officer, has been enti-
tled, since the acceptance and exercise of said mil-
itary appointment, to a seat as a member of this
House.
Mr. SCHENCK said he should nothave madea
single remark in support of this resolution but for
the fact, that, when presenting this question infor-
mally the other day, his purpose had been misun-
derstood. He regretted especially that Colonel
Baker himself, to whom the resolution had more
immediate reference, seemed to have drawn the
conclusion, notwithstanding Mr. S.'s expressed
disclaimer, that something of a personal nature was
intended toward him. All Mr. S. could do, under
these circumstances, was to repeat the disclaimer
he had already mode.
Mr. TIBBATTS rose to order, denying that the
question presented was, properly, a question of
privilege, though it might be a privileged question,
which was quite a different affair. The resolution
did not now apply, inasmuch as Mr. Baiter had
openly tendered the resignation of his seat in the
House.
The CHAIR stated to Mr. Schenck that such
was certainly the fact.
Mr. SCHENCK wanted to know whether, ad-
mitting such to be the fact, it was not still a ques-
tion of privilege whether an individual, who had
occupied a seat on that floor as a member, and had
exercised all the privileges of membership, had
done so rightfully or not; so that the House might
take such order in the case as propriety might de-
mand ?
Mr. BOYD said there might be a privileged
question which was not a question of privilege, and
could not, therefore, override every other motion
made to the House. He wished the Chair to gay
whether, Mr. Baker having resigned, a question
in relation to his right to a seat on the floor was
or was not a question of privilcte?
The CHAIR. Let the resolution of the gentle-
man from Ohio be again read.
The resolution wns read at the Clerk's table.
The CHAIR then decided that, though the ques-
tion involved in the resolution was, in its nature,
a question of privilege, yet, in the actual circum-
stances of the case, it was now merely an abstract
question, and, as such, lost its priority as a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. McCLF.RNAND moved that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SCHENCK saitl, that merely with a view
to set himself right, and out of no disrespect to the
Chair, he would take an appeal, and on that would
offer a remark or two.
It was true that his resolution did not relate to
any gentleman now on the floor, if it were true that
Colonel Baker had resigned his seat, (on whicfi
point he should say a word presently;) but still the
resolution did raise a question of privilege, because
it proposed to inquire whether a man who had%
occupied a seat 011 that floor had done so m con-
formity to the Constitution; whether, in other
words, the House had been intruded on or not.
If it should turn out that he had not been rightfully
a member, then the resignation which he had made
of his seat was void; and a void act could not pre-
vent the right or duty of the House to inquire.
Mr. S.'s resolution went atonce to the root of the
matter. If it should appear that when he resigned
his seat he had no legal or constitutional seat to
resign, the act was of course invalid. So that, in
every view that could be taken of the subject, it
was still a question of privilege, and a proper in-
quiry, whether in reference to the powers which
had been exercised, or the compensation received.
In one view, to 1 e sure, it was an abstiact ques-
tion; yet, though it had been brought forward
with 110 intention or feeling of a personal nature
toward his friend Mr. Baker, he had supposed that
both he and every other gentleman would be natu-
rally desirous that a question like this should be
settled. He had supposed that his motive in rais-
ing the question would have been appreciated,
especially by gentlemen on his own side of the
House. The Whias had been contending against
the right of gentlemen to seats who had been
elected on general ticket, and it so happened that
all the gentlemen in that situation belonged to the
opposite side in politics; but in the ptesent case the
o-entle.man immediately involved being a decided
Whig, lie supposed it would be perceived that in
both cases he was actuated by principle, inasmuch
as' he wished the same investigation in the one case
as in ihe other. The question arose under the Con-
stitution and the laws; it related to the integrity
