1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
room which he once happened to visit. The pic-
ture represented Diogenes bendingdovnward, and,
with lantern in his hand, apparently encased in
studying the head of an individual. He (Mr. J.)
approached a little closer and read the lines—
(< Diogenes his lantern needs no more.
An honest man is found—the seaich is o'er!"
And when he came to examine to whom the very
complimentary couplet was meant to apply, lo, and
behold—Daniel "Webster was the man ! Now, he
thought that, after the interesting little specimen
of the gentleman's ingenuity, to which he had just
directed the attention of the House, nobody could
doubt the propriety of directing the lantern of Dio-
genes to the countenance of another honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts! But the gentleman
had applied to the President the reply of Cato to
the emissary sent to him when in the Senate at
Utica:
" Bid him disband his legions ;
Restore the Commonwealth to liberty;
Submit bis actions to the public censure.
And .stand the judgment of a Roman Senate ;
Bid him do this, and Cato is Ins fin nd.
Nay, more : though Cato's voice was never raised
To clear the guilty or to varnish crimes,
Myself will mount the rostrum in Ins favor,
And strive to gam his paidon from the people."
How remarkably appropriate the words of the
honest Cato m the mouth of one who had discov-
ered himself to be capable of so mutilating—so dis-
torting from its true sense, by suppressing an es-
sential poition of it—the declaration of another!
The voice of Cato
" Never laised to vatnish crimes !"
If he (Mr. J.) remembered the run of the play
from which the gentleman had, with so much pro-
priety, made the quotation, there was a Sempro-
nius who performed a prominent part in the drama.
He pretended to be Cato's best friend, and, to use
his own language—
11I'li bellow out for Rome and my country,
And mouth at Caisar till I shake the Senate;"
whilst at the same time he was engaged in a con-
spiracy with Csesar to perpetuate his usurpation,
and, in the sequel, the base conspirator was found
openly arrayed with the enemies of Cato. It is
for the House and the country to determine which
of the two characters, Cato or Sempronius, is the
most applicable, in the present condition of our
public affairs, to the member fiom Massachusetts.
But he (Mr. J.) was proud to boast that, in that
government, they had no Ceesar, and needed no
Cato to ask his pardon from the people. They
had no need of a Pompey to meet him on the plains
of Pharsalia. There was no need of a Brutus to
assassinate him in the Senate chamber.
But his colleague had addressed the House. He
alluded to Mr. Gentry 
Mr. 1. E. HOLMES. - I call the gentleman to
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. HOLMES. He is out of order in alluding
to the gentleman by name.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose my colleague to
whom I refer is not in the House, how is the
proper reference to be known ? I followed the rules
of common sense—a commodity in which some
gentlemen do not appear to deal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognises the
rule, but does not conceive that in this case its
spirit has been violated.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from South
Carolina will now please come to order.
Mr. HOLMES. Has the Chair called me to
order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chair ruled that I was
not out of order, that's all. Mr. J. proceeded:
He would go on with his remarks as briefly as
possible. His colleague [Mr. Gentry] had com-
menced his speech on matters and things in gen-
eral, as follows:
" The language held by the President in the part of his
message alluded to, had induced hitn to alter his purpose
and to"speak now. And he spoke now moie for the pui-
pose of showing that he was not afraid to speak than lor
anything else."
That was the purpose then of his colleague—to
show that he was not afraid to speak. They all
remembered the passage in the message of the Pres-
ident to which his colleague had alluded, and which
had prompted him to make such a bold manifesta-
tion of Ins determination not to be intimidated.
His colleague, therefore, was such a brave man
that he would afford aid and comfort to the enemy
in order to show that he was not afraid of the de-
nunciations of the President! But he proceeded:
11 Mr. G. said he had chosen to express his senti-
1 ments now, simply in order to bring himself with-
* in the range of these denunciations. He chose to
'identify himself with those who were thus accu-
i sed." It was to bring himself within the range of
these denunciations—to unite himself with those
thus accused ! In order to discover his independ-
| ence, the gentleman had voluntarily joined issue
with the enemies of his country! Whether he
could sustain himself with his constituents, it was ,
not for him (Mr. J.) to say. But as a representa- j
tive from the State of Tennessee, he (Mr. J.) re- |
yarded it as his duty to place this matter in its true ;
light fully before the country. His colleague went '
on and said m reply to a remark from Mr. Ken- j
nedy, that " his object had been to show how j
much he despised and scorned the President."!
Was not that a patriotic speech from the mouth of
a representative from the State of Tennessee?!
i; Could no explanation be afforded of the course and |
'i conduct of his colleague ? He (Mr. J.) thought he
• had a right in this case to look to the combination
, of circumstances, and draw his own conclusions. 1
J The people of the State of Tennessee had been ,
ij canvassing, or were preparing to canvass, the 1
i{ claims and pretensions of various aspirants to the '
j! gubernatorial chair, amongst whom was his col- j
>| league. Another gentleman—a distinguishedWhig ;
j| who had been at the storming of Monteiey. where i
he had rendered signally important service, had also '
been brought into the canvass. Thatgentleinan had
been probably regarded as likely to command pop-
ularity from his services with the brave volunteers;
and his (Mr. J.'s) colleague, it somehow appear-
ed, did not now enteitam the same views with re-
gard to the war, and the propriety of conducting it \
with vigor, that he entertained during the last ses- j
sion of Congress. Now, he seemed to have a holy
horror of the war. He seemed to be monstrously
opposed to the acquisition of territory. How far
that gentleman might be swayed by a conviction
that some of those who had gained laurels in the 1
war might stand in his way, he (Mr. J ) would :
not say.
Mr. GENTRY. Will thegentleman allow me to !
make one remark? ]
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot give way, as it j
would consume my time, which is now rapidly '
passing away.
Mr.^GRNTRY. I want to correct the gentle-
man as to facts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of the facts, there can be no i
doubt. 1 may be wrong in my inferences. But I !
| think, after all, I am fully sustained by my pre- j
' mises. He knew (Mr. J. went on to say) that
frequently men rushed eagerly into a campaign m
order to fight a little and get a shot and a scar, and
I then return home to claim great credit for their !
J bravery and patriotism. Well, he could not say ;
j that he had much approbation to bestow on such
! personages, and was inclined to concur in the |
' opinions expressed by one greater than he ever :
hoped to be—that most of these wars got up a !
brood of heroes which it took an age or two to get |
rid of. But his colleague appeared to entertain ■
i some dread of running even odds against an indi- j<
: vidual who had distinguished himself at Monterey. |j
; But the gentleman went on and cliaracteuzed the j1
President as a despot, and all that sort of thing: |
" But who would give us back our lost liberties, our vio-
lated Constitution 3 When a petty usurper had come into
power without the will of the people ofthe«e .States, and •'
almost without the wish or knowledge even of his own !
pai iy, and without qualities in hif own character to com- ,,
1 mand the respect even of the meanest persons ju the coun- |
try, men were not wanting to about acclamations to all he ,
did and all he said." " I
j That was certainly courteous from one Tennes- j
| seean to another. It was highly respectful lan-
i guage to apply to the President of the United ,
j States. He said that the President had come into
; power il without the will or consent of the people, |
i and almost without the wish or knowledge even of '
his own party." Now, if the gentleman applied ■'
! that to himself, he would not be so far mistaken. -
■ He (?vfr. .T.) thought that there was one Mr. J ones, j ■
, formerly Governor of Tennessee, and many other
I distinguished Whigs, who were opposed to^the
gentleman's occupying a seat in this Hall. The
I case was entirely parallel; and indeed there were ,
j very few individuals, perhaps, on that floor ^who ;
i had not encountered opposition from distinguished ij
men of their own party. But there was evidently
a personal feeling of hostility against the President
of the United btates, although, in making a per-
sonal explanation, his colleague had disclaimed
any personal feeling. The gentleman had declared
that he entertained no unkind feelings to the Presi-
dent, and that he had been accustomed to fheet
him on terms of gentlemanly courtesy. What
ideas the gentleman entertained of courtesy it was
not for him (Mr. J.) to say, but certainly the lan-
guage he had employed of the President sounded
rather oddly in the mouth of one professing feel-
ings of kindness and courtesy. But the gentleman
proceeded and said:
'•'The President was going to conquer a vast region of
country, large* than ail tile old thirteen States, and add it
to this Union."
Where did the gentleman find a shadow of au-
thority for such a bold assertion ? Let them hear
the President himself on that subject. Let them
lefer to the passages yi his message, (which were
too long to read here,) alluding1 to the acquisition
of Mexican territories, and then judge how his
colleague was sustained.
[The following fire the passages referred to by
the honorable speaker:
a J eongiatuiati jouon the success which has thus attend-
ed our mihiarv and naval operations. In less than seven
months atter Mexico commenced hostilities, at a lime se-
1 cted by herself, we have taken possession of many of her
principal poit>. dnvenback and pursued hei invading array,
and acquit ed military possesion of the Mexican provinces of
New Mexico. New Leon, Coahuila, Tamaulipas. and the
California*, a territory larger m extent than that embraced
in the oiiginal thirteen States of the Union, inhabited by a
con>iderable population, and much of it moie than a thou-
sand miles from the points at which we had to collect our
forces and commence our movements. By the blockade,
the impoit and export trade of the enemy has been cutoff.
" Whilst the war was m a course of vigorous and success-
ful prosecution, being still anxious to arrest its evils, and
considenng that, after the brilliant victories of our arms on
the eighth and ninth of May last, the national honor could
not be compromised by it. another overture was made to
Mexico, by my direction, on the twenty-seventh July last, to
terminate hostilities, by a peace just and honorable to both
counti ie*. On the thirty-fust of Augu?t following, the Mexi-
can Go\ eminent declined to accept tins A icndly overtuie, but
retened it to the decision of a Mexipan Congress, to be as-
sembled m the earlv p/ttf of the pfe-'ent month. I commu-
nicate to you, he te with, a copy of the letter of the Secretary
of State, proposing to ieopen negotiations, ot the answer of
! the Mexican Government, and of the reply thereto of the
I Secretary of State.
" The war will continue to be projected with vigor, as
1 the best means of seeming peace. It is hoped that the de-
: < ision ofth° Mexican Congress, to which our last overture
has been referred, may result in a speedy and honorable
peace. With our experience, however, of the unreason-
able course of the Mexican authorities, it is the part of wis-
dom not to relax in the eneigy of our military operations
until the resijitis made known. In this view, it is deemed
important to hold military possession of all the provinces
which iiave been taken until a definitive treaty of peace
shall have been concluded and ratified by the two coun-
ti ies.
" The war has not been waged with a view to conquest;
but bavin? been commenced by M(xicf>, it has been carried
into the enem\'s coimfv, and will be vigorously prosecuted
tbeie, with a view to obtain ail honorable peace, and thereby
secure ample indemnity for the expenses of the war, as well
as to our much-injured citizen*, who hold laige pecuniary
demands against Mexico.55]
Was it not apparent (Mr. J. continued) that his
colleague had madeassertionsentirely unsustamed ?
But the gentleman proceeded, and characterized
the war as <c a President's war." Thegentleman
declared:
" The Piesident was an executive officer, but who*e will
did he exccutc ? The will of the people ? Mr. C. had heard
no such expression of their will; they had nowhere de-
clared it to be their wish to annex half a dozen Mexican
piovince« to tins Union. No : no such thing. The Presi-
dent had rushed forvvaul on hi< own meie motion. He was
a usurper, a violator of the Constitution ; and it would be
treason, moial trea>on, not to denounce hini."
Bold assertions, truly! It was, indeed, rather
a decided position which the gentleman had as-
sumed. The inquiry, then, fairly came up, Whose
war was it? Had the President of the United
 States involved the country in that wai ? Did the
President begin the war? His colleague flatly
asserted that the President rushed into the war
"on his own mere motion.'' Let them now ap-
peal " to the law and to the testimony." In 1845
there was a struggle in that House between the
two great political parties as to who should have
the honor and credit of introducing a resolution
there that would be most acceptable to the coun-
try, and best secure the annexation of Texas to
the United States. That struggle was between the
Whigs and the Demociatic paity. Several prop-
ositions were brought forward, but all were voted
down. Who concocted—who matured—the prop-
