.122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
Ian.
6,
son, Daniel P. King, Levin, Lewis, Long, McGaughey,
McHenry, Mellvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Owen, Pen-
dleton, Pettit, Pollock, Kamsey, Ripley, Julius Rockwell,
Koot, Ruivlt, Sehenck, Seaman, Seddon, Simpson, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Sle-
plicus, Strohm, Sykes, Thibodaux, Thomasson, Benjamin
Thompson, Tihbatts, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance,
"Vinton, White, Winthrop, Woodruff, Woodward, Wright,
and Young—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Bedinger,
Benton, Biggs, James Black, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Brod-
liead, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke,
eobh, Cottrell, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, De Mott,
Dillingham, Douglass, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran,
Foster, Flies, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Harmanson, Has-
tings, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubard, Hungcrford, James B. Hunt, Charles
J. Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Goorge
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Preston
King, Leake, Leffler, Leib, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin,
Maciay, McClelland, McClernand, MeCrate, MeDaniel,
Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Barkley Martin, Moulton, Norris, Payne, Perrill,
Perry, Phclpe, Pillsbury, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Bitter,
Roherts, Russell, SawteJle, Sawyer, Scammon, Leonard H.
Suns, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Strong, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurmnu, Towns, Went-
woith, Wheaton, Wick, IVilljams, Wood, and Yost—97.
So the motion to lay on the table did not pre-
vail, and the report was then committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The resolution offered yesterday by Mr. Har-
alson to close all debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union at Uvo o'clock
this day, on the bill to raise for a limited time an
additional military force, &c., was now taken up.
Mr. HARALSON modified the resolution so as
to make it half-past two o'clock, instead of two
o'clock, this day.
The previous question was demanded and sec-
onded, and the main question ordered to be put,
viz: Will the House agree to the resolution t And
the question was taken by yeas and nays, and de-
cided as follows:
YEAS—Adarnx, Anderson, Bayly, Biegrs
Jami'-* Black, Boyd, Brockenbrough, Biodliwul, William G.
Blown, J. II. Campbell, C.ilhuiut, Reuben Chapman, Chuke,
Uobb, Collin, Constable, Cullom, Cummin^, Do Mott, Dil-
lingham, Douglass, Dunlap, EHswoith, Erdman, Faran, Fos-
ter, Frie.s,G.uvm, Giles, Gordon,Grover, Hamlin, Ilaiabon,
Harmanson, Hasting Henley, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, G.
S. Houston, HungerVoid, Ja>. B Hunt, Charh-sJ. Ingeisoll,
Jam  s H. Johnson, Andrew Jolu^on, George W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Leib, La Sere, Levin, Li-
gon, Lumpkin, Mai lay, MoClcll.vnd, MeClcimuid, McCiate,
Mi-Daniel, Joseph McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, J.
P. M nun, Barkley Martin, Morris, Morse, Norris, Owen,
IVi rill. Pel ry, Phelps, Pillshiuy, Reid, lie I fa, llittei, Roberts,
Rupsell, Sawyer, Scaiumon, Leonard H Sim-5,Thos. Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Strom?, Sykes, James
Thompson,Thurman, Towns, Wentwortli, Wheaton,Wick,
William:-, and Yost—93.
NAYS—Mast's. Abbott, Arnold, Ahhmtm, Bedin«rer,BelI,
Benton, James A. Black, Blanchard, Bowdon, Bnnkerhoff,
Milton Blown. Bnihn^ton, IJuit, Win. W. Campbell, Car-
roll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cottrell, Cranston,
Cro/ier,Cunningham,Dai^an,Gariett D.ivif, Delano,Dixon,
Doekery, John II. Ewini,', Edwin 11. Ewing, Foot, Genti),
Guiding-, Graham, Gudei, Gnnnell, IIal'\ Hampton, Ilai-
per, Hdhard, Elias B. Holmes, (lough, John W. Hou.-ston,
Edmund W. Hubanl, Samuel I). Hubbard, Hudson, Wnili-
m^ton Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, Dame! P. King,
I're-ton King, Leake, LelH^r, Lewis, Long, MoGauglioy,
Mclleni\. Mellvame, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Payne, Pen-
dleton, Pollock, Ramsey,Rathbun, Ripley, Juliii" Rockwell,
Roor, Rimk, SawicHe, Sehenck, Seaman, Seddon, Sever-
ance, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Stephens,
Strohm, Tnoina^on, Beiipnnin Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tibbatt^, Tilden, Toombs, Tredway, Trumbo, Vance,
White, Wmtlnop, Woodruff, Woodward, Wright, and
Young—94.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
WOTTCES AND INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. KAUFMAN gave notice, that on to-mor-
row, or some future day, he would bring in a bill !
to authorize the President of the United States to i
increase the naval establishment of the United !
States. j
Mr. PILLSBURY (previous notiee having been
given) introduced a lull to authorize the erection
of light-houses in Texas, and for other purposes.
Mr. PAYNE gave notice that he would, at an
eailv day, introduce a bill to amend the charter of
the city of Washington.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. G. S. Houston in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to raise for a limited time an additional military
force and for other purposes.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH took the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour.
He said that the subject immediately before them
was the bill from the Military Committee for the
temporary increase of the army of the United
States, by adding to it ten regiments of regular sol-
diers. As to the propriety of this measure, there
existed, of course, some diversity of opinion. For
his own part, he had not been able to see any good
reason to justify its adoption. The correctness of
this view would be apparent when gentlemen came
to consider that there was already a law in full
force to increase the army by six thousand men
beyond its present number. "Why was not this
addition made before asking for a*new bill? The
United States recruiting officers had been actively
engaged m various parts of the country, but all !
their efforts to recruit men for the service had been 1
fruitless. The Government had been utterly un-
able to fill up the army to the limit authorized by
law. How, then, did gentlemen promise them-
selves and the country to fill outranks by passing
a bill such as that now proposed ? Mr. S. did not
believe that any such thing was expected by the
authors of the bill, nor did he believe that the Pres-
ident himself supposed that he would be able to
get the men proposed. Why, then, was the bill
pressed upon the House, upon Congress, and on
the country? Why were the merits of our brave
volunteers, who had been and still were exposing
their lives to a pestilential climate, as well as to the
balls and bayonets of the enemy, virtually treated
with contumely, by bringing forward a bill of this
character? When the enthusiasm of the country
had been awakened, and men were flocking in
every direction to rally around the national stand-
ard, why must they be told that the prosecution of
this war could not be intrusted to them? Had
not our volunteers now in the field shown that they
were fully adequate to the conduct of the war, if
prosecuted it must be? Had they not manifested
the highest degree of courage, skill, patieiu-e, and
military ardor? Who would rise here and nega-
tive that position? Why, then, was Congress
called upon for ten additional regiments of regular
soldiers? To that question there could be but one
answer—the Executive desired the passage of this
bill that he might have in his hands the patronage
resulting from the appointment of some five or six
hundred officers. And was not the patronage of
the Executive department of this Government
already sufficiently overgrown? Was not its in-
fluence in the Government sufficiently baneful?
Had it not stilled the voice of remonstrance, and
changed ihe opinions and the votes of members on
that floor? But, no; he should not say their opin-
ions; for he had himself seen the votes of Repre-
sentatives here changed when he knew that their
opinions were not. The object of this bill mani-
festly was, to give to the President of the United
States additional patronage; and this was asked
with the full knowledge that the men provided for
m the bill could not be raised.
Mr. S. went on to say, that in debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole, it was pecuhaily appropriate
to look somewhat into the general condition of the
affairs of the country. Mr. S. should make no
further remarks directly upon the bill.
But there was no man, however strong a friend
of the existing Administration, or however servile
he might be in carrying out all its measures, who
could fail to see that the Government was sinking
daily under the utter imbccility of the Administra-
tion who controlled it. Contrast the condition of
the country this day with that which it had ex-
hibited but two years ago. The present Adminis-
tration had comc into power by a majority of the
popular votes; every department of the Govern-
ment had been filled with its friends; the revenue
was ample for all its wauts; the treasury was full
and overflowing; the national credit was unimpair-
ed; we were at peace with all the world; and the
new Administration found, moreover, a surplus of
ten millions at its disposal in the treasuiy. Two
years had not elapsed since that fatal 4th of March,
and Mr. S. might now ask, where was our public
credit? Instead of peace with all the world, the
dark cloud of war, which had been so long hover-
ing over the country, had at length broken into a
storm, and was now sweeping over the land; the
ten millions surplus in the treasury had been
wasted; the treasury was empty and bankrupt;
and that national credit which this Administration
had received unimpaired was now so poor, that
treasury bonds were hawked through all our cities,
and none found so reverent to the Government as
to buy them.
Mr. S. was fully aware, that in attempting to
speak of these things he should draw down upoft
his head those censures which had been so liber-
ally poured out by the Executive upon others; but
so long as he enjoyed the honor of a seat on that
floor, he should pursue that independent and fear-
less course which became the Representative of
a free people. If he aspired to nothing else, he
aspired to this: an independent discharge of th<#
public duties which had been imposed upon him
by his constituents.
Extraordinary efforts had been made and were
still making to prevent an investigation of the
causes of the existing war. The friends of the
Executive insisted that gentlemen here bad no
right to make such inquiries; but that they must
occupy their seats in that House, and quietly sanc-
tion by their votes whatever the Executive might-
do or wish to do without breathing an expression
of dissent. The history of the world would show
that just such doctrine had ever been resorted to
when the friends of human liberty lifted their voices
in its defence: immediately the cry was raised,
"Treason! Treason!"—just as if the voices of
free representatives were to be so silenced. In our
own great and ever memorable struggle with Great
Britain on her assumption of power to tax us as
her colonies, the eloquent voice of Patrick Henry
was among the first to be raised in behalf of the
rights of the colonies; and, as he was arraigning,
in the Legislature of his native State, the tyranny
and oppressions ofGeorge IIL, he said that "Csesar
had had his Brutus, and Charles I., had had his
Cromwell, and George III. might" * * * No
sooner weie the words uttered, even before the
sentence was complete, the cry of "Treason!
Treason!" was raised on every side to put him
down. The same cry was heard now—and from
a quarter where it had been least expected.
Gi eat complaints had been uttered against the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr.Gentry,] becausehe
had spoken in plain and pointed terms of the course
of the Executive in relation to the war. But what
right had the President to complain, who, but two
years since, was only a private citizen, but who
had seen proper so far to lose all self-respect and
all regard to official decorum as to brand all those
who differed from him in opinion with the charge
of " giving aid and comfort" to the enemies of the
country? Did it become him to complain, who,
in advance, and for the purpose of silencing all in-
quiry into his course of measures, had dared—ay,
dare'd—to brand the minority in that House as
traitors to their country? Mr. S. should consider
himself as having deserved all the reprobation
which it was attempted to cast upon himself and
all who thought and acted with him, if he had not
independence enough to stand up and warn the
county of his acts of usurpation—if he did not
point the eyes of his constituents to Executive ty-
ranny whenever it sought to assume power denied
by the Constitution.
They were told, however, that it showed a want
of patriotism to inquire now into the causes which
had led to the war. A want of patriotism ? Why,
was there no patriotism but that which manifested
itself by the achievement of victories in the field?
Was patriotism to be shown only in the support
of a war? Mr. S. had been in the habit of supposing
there were higher claims on our patriotism than
these. The highest, the purest patriotism was
evinced m keeping our country in the right—in
guarding and preserving untouched the sacred pro-
visions of the Constitution, and keeping free from
tarnish the fair fame of our country—in causing
that name to be respected abroad, and in main-
taining the purity of all ourlnstitutions. But gen-
tlemen told them they must wait till the war was
over, then they might investigate. Yes, wait till
Mexico was first conquered—then annexed—till
thousands on thousands of our brave citizen sol-
diers had perished in battle, or by the diseases of
a sickly clime; wait till millions on millions of the
public treasure should have been expended, and a
national debt created that must press like an incu-
bus upon us and our children; wait till we had
made our name a reprobation to mankind; and
then, after millions of treasure and thousands of
prccious lives aifd a priceless amount of national
reputation had all been squandered away—then sit
down and coolly inquire what we had been fighting
for. No; the proper time to inquire was now—
now, when the war was but barely commenced;
and the man did but discharge the duty he owed
his country who fearlessly pressed the inquiry.
