XfT%
1847.
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■mts
Was it the duty of the mariner, when he saw the
vessel in which himself and others were embarked
about to be cast on rocks and dashed to pieces
thrpugh the wickedness or the want of skill of the
pilot, to sit still and hold his peace? No more was
it the duty of a patriot, when he saw his country
hurried on in a career of ruin by those who held
the helm of state, to hold his peace and forbear to
raise his warning voice, while warning might yet
avail, and point them to a different course.
Mr. S. would then proceed to inquire for what
had this war with Mexico been commenced ? and
why? The President had presented a labored de-
fence of it in his message to Congress, which no
intelligent and candid man could read but he must
say that it would have done more credit to a petty
bar-room politician on the hustings than to a Presi-
dent of the United States. He had tried to divert
the minds of all who read the document from the
true causes of the war to alleged causes which had
no existence. Who here would say that the Mexi-
can indemnities had been the -real cause for en-
gaging in this war? All these had been ascertain-
ed and an arrangement entered into for settling the
demand, and our only complaint against Mexico
was her delay or inability to pay. Why go be-
hind the treaty in which this matter had been set-
tled? It was true there remained some other in-
demnities besides these; but who did not know
that Mexico had offered us a treaty for the settle-
ment of these also, and that our own Government
had refused to ratify it? What justice, then, could
there be in charging this as the cause of the war?
Neither President Jackson nor President Van Bu-
ren had recommended to Congress to declare war
on this ground, although there were then no trea-
ties in existence on the subject. They had never
been regarded as sufficient ground for war, nor had
Congress ever thought for a moment of declaring
war on that account.
The true cause of this war was the annexation
of Texas: that was the real and original, though
remote cause of the war. It would be remember-
ed, by most of those who heard him, that Mr. S.
had been opposed to that annexation, and so had
the political party with whom he acted almost
unanimously, and they warned the country of
what would inevitably follow. Those warnings
had been but too soon and too literally fulfilled.
But even then, after annexation had been con-
summated, war might have been avoided but for
the unauthorized act of the President in ordering
our army to advance and invade a Mexican prov-
ince, to which we had no manner of claim what-
soever.
The President tried to answer this allegation by
urging in his message that Louisiana, as we re-
ceived it from France, extended to the Rio Grande,
and he argued that therefore Texas had a good
title to it, being then a part of Louisiana. But in
what respect was she so entitled? Did not all
know that Texas proper, as one of the provinces
of Mexico, never had owned one inch of territory
beyond the Nueccs? Did not everybody know
that the territory lying between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande was a part of the Mexican provinces
of New Leon, Tamaulipas, and Chihuahua? Ad-
mitting that Texas had acquired her independence,
to what territory did she thereby become entitled?
To just so much, and no more, than she had before
owned when a province or department of Mexico,
and underher jurisdiction. Mr. S. would ask any
gentleman on that floor—he would ask of the two
gentlemen who represented Texas in that House—
whether, when the battle of San Jacinto was fought,
Texas owned or exercised jurisdiction over one
inch of territory beyond the Nueces and the small
settlement of Corpus Christi? Let them tell him
where, beyond this, she ever had had possession—
where her flag waved, where her jurisdiction had
been exercised. To the infant settlement at Cor-
pus Christi, he admitted she had acquired a title;
but she had none beyond it.
Mr. S. would here beg leave to ask one question:
Had any gentleman calculated that Santa Fe was
within the limits of Texas? Would any gentle-
man deny that it had been within the jurisdiction
of the Mexican Government, and that Mexico had
established a custom-house on this side the Rio
Grande—that she had collected revenue there—
that our Government had recognised her right to
do so—and that our own citizens had regularly
paid duties there as to a foreign Government?
What pretext, then, could there be for saying that
Texas had a title to the whole country up to the
river, from its mouth to the source of the main
stream of the Rio Grande?
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Preston
King,] who spoke yesterday morning, had, in his
speech delivered then, made an important admis-
sion. He said:
" But to obtain possession of Tamauhpas and Chihuahua,
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, where the Mexi-
cans held disputed possession, arid to get Santa F6, where
the Mexican authorities and people held undisputed posses-
sion, the use of force was necessary. The use of force
between nations to decide a disagreement between them is
war.''
Here we had the language of a prominent advo-
cate of the Administration party, made deliberately
and advisedly in a speech read by him on that
floor, which, to prevent all misunderstanding, and
for greater caution, he had himself reduced to
writing beforehand. This gentleman here told the
House and the country that the territory between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande was in the posses-
sion of Mexico, and that we had commenced the
war in order forcibly to drive her from it. This
was admitting all that the party opposed to the
war had claimed: it M'as admitting that the Piesi-
dent had been guilty of an act of usurpation; that,
in violation of his oath, without consulting the will
of Congress or of the people, he had taken forcible
possession of a district of country which was in
the possession of Mexico, and had driven her from
it. That act was the immediate commencement of
the war.
But Mr. S. would now proceed to ask how that
war had been prosecuted?
When our difficulties with Mexico commenced,
the nation had been told that to chastise Mexico,
or even to conquer her, would be but a holyday
pastime: that we could go down there and thrash
the Mexicans and end the war in ninety days.
And some gentleman, he believed, if he rightly
remembered, had been so patriotic that he had
offered to do the job by contract. The war had
been commenced early in May last; it had now
continued some nine months; millions of dollars
had been expended, and many precious human
lives sacrificed: and yet, after all this, we were told
by those who came fresh from the theatre of ac-
tion, that we were no nearer a peace at this day
than we were when we began. Now, then, let
him ask of gentlemen if in eight or nine months
we had made no impression on the great strong-
holds of Mexico, or succeeded in materially crip-
pling her resources, how long, proceeding at the
same rate, would it take us to subjugate and con-
quer her?
The bill which passed both Houses in May,
empowered the President to call out 50,000 volun-
teers: why had they not been called out? Mr.
S.'sown State had already furnished three regi-
ments to this war; and where had they been?
Wasting away their lives in inaction on the sickly
banks of the Rio Grande. Many, ay hundreds, of
noble, active, courageous, young men, who had
left their homes in all the buoyancy of strength
and hope, had left their bones to moulder on those
inhospitable shores. All nftust remember the cor-
respondence of General Scott with the Secretary
of War. Scott, with the cool caution of an old
and a brave soldier, had told this Administration
that the troops, if failed out immediately, could
not operate in Mexico till late in the fall; and he
had recommended to the Department to fill up the
regiments at their own homes, and let them remain
i there till the season arrived in which they could
j be called into action. How had this wise counsci
! been received? Everybody must remember. They
all must remember the taunts and sneers which
; were vented e^gainst the brave old soldier, and the '
| insinuations which were thrown out even against
; his personal courage. The nation had been enter-
! tained with jokes about his " hasty plate of soup,"
| and he had been held up to ridicule simply because
he had told the plain truth. Who was there now
that must not, and did not, admit the truth and
soundness of the views he had then expressed?
: Subsequent events had called forth the admission,
even from his enemies, (though the Administra-
, tion had attempted to disgrace him,) who now all
, united in confessing that his positions had all been
! correct. How much better would it have been for
all parties had the volunteers been mustered and
allowed to remain at their homes, in a healthy
climate, surrounded by friends and by abundance,
and there prepared themselves for subsequent ser-
vice in the war? Would 50,000 of our brave vol-
unteers not be enough to "conquer a peace?"
But they had not been called out. No, they had
not; anl why not? If the President wanted more
men to strengthen our army in Mexico, why not
call for Ufose who were already sanctioned by law?
Did he doubt their bravery, their patriotism, and
military spirit? Had the volunteers flinched in the
hour of trial at Monterey? Had they not, in all
the late engagements, manifested that dauntless
bravery wluch was a characteristic of American
soldiery? When or where was it that they had
evinced a want of skill *or of courage? Why,
then, did the Administration ask for ten regiments
of regulars when they well knew that those regi-
ments could not be filled now?
But the President, with that gigantic intellect
which had ever been the characteristic of the man,
with that penetrating genius for which he had been
from his youth so eminently distinguished, not
content with the operations of the army in Mexico,
where they had won for themselves unfading lau-
rels, had been acting another part in the drama.
This mighty President of a great republic had
been engaged in carrying on a base contemptible
intrigue with a petty tyrant, then a fugitive and an
exile in Cuba, the object of which was to bring
this man into Mexico, that he might bring about a
peace. Yes; the American President intriguing
with a foreigner and an enemy to effect that peace
which we could not obtain by our arms! How
becoming was such a spectacle in the head of this
Government, and how must it raise our character
in the eyes of the world, for a nation of twenty
millions of people to attempt to batter down a feeble
neighboring Government like that of Mexico, by
secretly fomenting domestic strifes within her bor-
ders, and entering into an intrigue with the basest
and most contemptible of tyrants—the author, too,
of all the existing difficulties between the two
countries; the most perfidious, rapacious, and cruel
of men—the man who held us arid our rights in
deeper contempt than any other man in Mexico—
how glorious, to behold our illustrious and talented
President engaging in a secret, underhanded in-
trigue with a wretch like this to effect a treaty of
peace! With what pleasure must his friends look
upon this part of his history ! Must not the blush
of shame rise into their cheeks at the thought that
their President had so deeply degraded the Gov-
ernment and the country ? But it seemed that this
intrigue of his had proved successful: he had
accomplished the great*end he had in view, by
returning Santa Ana safely to the Mexican soil.
He was now there—the life and soul of all their
operations against us. Who, then, Mr. S. would
ask—who was it that might justly be charged with
having given to Mexico the " aid and comfort" oi
his presence in the midst of her?—to infuse enthu-
siasm into the breasts of her people, to guide her
councils, and to combine and concentrate her mil-
itary power? Who had brought this enemy of
ours, in the great ciisis and strait of her affairs—■
a general of unparalleled military skill, able in
strategy, artful and treacherous in plans, adroit in
diplomatic movements, a master in duplicity, and
deeply versed in the nature of man—greater in all
these respects than any man they had ever had
among them—who gave the Mexicans all this "aid
and comfort?" The President of the United States!
This was the fruit of his seven months'conduct
of the Mexican war. He had brought them Santa
Ana, and with him sixty or seventy of the most
accomplished and expciienced military leaders,
who were at this hour doing more against us than
had ever been done since the contest began. We
had been eight months in the war, and what had
been accomplished ? Paredes,a petty usurper, with
; nothing to recommend him but the boldness and
l cruelty with which he had seized and maintained
| his power, had been turned out, and Santa Ana
i put m his place, to control and to combine the
| whole movement of the Mexican strength. This
was the " aid and comfort*' which Mexico had
received from the President of the United States.
Now, Mr. S. was prepared to ask, which of the
! two had given to our enemies the largest amount
: of comfort and of aid—the President or the Whigs,
who had expressed their honest opinions of his
conduct?
And now Mr. S. would proceed to inquire, for
what purpose was this war to be prosecuted ? It
had often been asked whether this was a war of
conquest? It seemed a difficult thing to say what
