132
the congressional globe.
Jan. 7,
a vigorous prosecution of the war he held to be
necessary. If peace eould be attained, he cared not
where the theatre might be—whether Monterey,
Matamoros, Tampico, or elsewhere was consecra-
ted to that object.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read a third time, and passed.
PRINTING OF MEMORIALS.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of the report of the Committee on Printing, on the
memorial of inhabitants of the parishof St. Mary's,
Louisiana, in relation to the modification of the
tariff, which the committee recommended be not
printed.
Mr. SIMMONS moved to amend the report by
striking out the word "not," so that the report
will recommend the printing of the memorial. He
could not understand why the committee should
be adverse to printing* memorials of this character,
coming*, as this did, from some of the most intel-
ligent men in the country, and suggesting what
they believed to be the appropriate means of im-
proving the revenues of the country. This ques-
tion—the improvement of the revenues of the coun-
try—it seemed from what had transpired in this
Senate Chamber this morning, was one which was
interesting to every Senator*, and it seemed to be
making an invidious distinction to refuse to print
suggestions of that character, when they printed
every memorial containing suggestions for decreas-
ing the means of the treasury. Be had three or
four memorials on his table at the present moment
which had been printed by order of the Senate,
every one of which prays for some draft on the
treasury, some appropriation, some expenditure,
or something for carrying on another policy than
that of obtaining revenues. .Vow, these planters
of Louisiana, as was stated here the other day,
have invested in the sugar growing interest fifty
millions of dollars, and they suggest some means
of benefiting the treasury, while their interests are
protected from sacrifice. Tins was a very nn portant
consideration. The last year there were two and
a half millions collected for the treasury from sugar
alone; nay, it amounted to nearly three millions;
whereas, at the present rates, the amount collected
would not he more than one and a half millions.
It had been recommended to resort to a tax on
coffee*, but a tax of twenty-five per cent, on that
article would not amount to the loss of duty on
sugar alone. Were they, then, entirely to disre-
gard these suggestions ? YVere they to throw away
this million and a half in the hopeless prospect of
getting it on coifee ? Me thought at this juncture
it would be wise in the Congress of the United
States to listen to all the suggestions of the people
who were interested, in reference to the improvement
of the revenues of the country: but especially not to
mark out this kind of memorial, by refusing to
print it, as indicated by the report of the commit-
tee. The finances of the country were now m a
critic.nl position, and it behooves Congress to sat-
isfy the people, so far as they can, that after pay-
ing all due regard and attention to other branches,
they can see no better course to pursue for the pro-
duction of revenue than that which may be resorted
to. But evei y suggestion made to them in refer-
ence to the finances" of the country, should be re-
spectfully listened to. They should, at least, pay
as much respect to memorials of this character as
to propositions to build warehouses—to proposi-
tions for the expenditure of large sums of money
in order to accommodate importations on foreign
account. He was astonished that a memorial like
this should be so summarily disposed of. It came
from a respectable body of men, and it was couch-
ed in respectful terms, and it suggested one of the
most certain and reliable articles in the catalogue
of imports for the pioduction of revenue. It sug-
gested that this Government should go back, in its
necessities, to a rale of duties by which nearly
three millions of dollars were produced on a single
article; and they would refuse even to print it, and
would pass it by without attention ! He would
not detain the Senate; but he expressed the hope
that tkpy should not reject a certain source of rev-
enue to run after the phantom of a duty on tea and
coffee. They had heard it said here the other day
that sugar was higher than it was before the duty
was reduced. If this, then, were so, and they had
no right to doubt it, they lost all motive to continue
the reduction, for the consumer got it no chcaper,
and the country lost the revenue.
Mr. CASS called for the reading of the memo-
rial.
The Secretary read it accordingly.
Mr. CASS said it seemed to him that the peti-
tioners did not confine themselves to the subject-
matter of their memorial, but went into an attack
on a representative rh the other branch of Con-
gress. The ground taken in the memorial, respect-
ing the imposition of duties, had no influence on
his mind whatever in determining his course le- \
specting the printing. He was as willing that the
memorials shouldbe printed on one side as the
other, but this was an attack on a representative
in the other House with which the Senate had
nothing to do.
Mr. SIMMONS replied, that the Senator from
•Michigan must see that means were specified for
raising revenue by a duty on sugar, and they had
only discussed the conduct of their representative,
for the reason that they did not wish his course to
be understood as meeting their approval. He un-
derstood that one reason why a member of the
committee was opposed to the printing of the me-
morial was, that these petitioners had here a rep-
resentative to speak for them; but it would be dis-
covered that the constituents of that representative
disapproved of his conduct without distinction of
party. It was not, then, for the purpose of in-
juring that representative that they had spoken,
but to disavow his acts, when he perhaps honestly
thought he was acting for their interest.
Mr. CHALMERS had no idea when the report
was brought in, of producing so extensive a debate
on the tanlf of 1846. Now, as a reason why he
was opposed to the printing of this memorial, it
contained a very gross, and unnecessary, and un-
called-for attack on a representative in the other
branch of Congress. It did not say their repre-
sentative was wrong m his opinion, but that he
was unfaithful. In every other lespect the memo-
rial was entitled to great respect: but he thought
the Senate should not print a memorial charging
unfaithfulness on a member of the other body.
With respect to the remark of the Senator from
Rhode Island, that memorials on other subjects had
been printed, he replied that it was not done by
direction of the Printing Committee. For his part
he was opposed to the printing of such memorials,
and had been since he had been a member of that
committee. He was opposed to printing any pa-
pers that would lead to no practical good. He
saw no reason why memorials sent here should be
printed, unless it was that the people who sent
them might sec themselves m print. If they have
grievances to complain of, and they ask for a re-
dress of their grievances, he was willing that their
mcmonal should be printed; but no Senator, on
reading this, could fail to discover that the duty
on sugar was not the object—not the main object
of this memorial. It was to cast an imputation on
their representative in the other branch of Con-
gress, whom they thought had not voted light on
the tariff of 1846. He (Mr. C.) could not lend
himself to any such thing as that; and he regretted
that the printing of this memorial was to be precip-
itated. A great deal of trash had heretofore been
printed by the Senate, but not on a report of the
Printing Committee. That these memorialists
have suffered by the tariff of 1846, may be true;
that they may hereafter suffer, might be true; but
it would be time enough for the Senate gravely to
debate whether they should print such petitions
when that is made manifest, and it became neces-
sary to take action upon it. But to print men's
fancies, when they are merely fancies, was a very
inappropriate expenditure of the public money, m
his opinion. He certainly intended no disrespect
to the memorialists, but he intended to prevent
them being guilty of disrespect to a member of the
other House, by the printing of their memorial.
Mr. H. JOHNSON said tins was certainly not a
question of much importance, yet he could not but
express his surprise at the refusal to print a peti-
tion coming from so highly respectable a source,
on a subject of the highest importance, not only to
the memorialists and to the State of Louisiana, but
to the whole western country, as was stated in the
petition, and as he knew to be the fact, when peti-
tions were printed every day, not only during this,
but during former sessions—petitions, too, on pri-
vate subjects, of which they had printed several
during the present session. They had printed
petitions on the subject of private claims, without
winy objection being made, merely on the motion
of the Senator presenting them. He remembered
that, but the other day, the Senator from New York
[Mr. Dix] presented petitions relating to private
claims, which, on his motion, were printed with-
out any opposition, as he understood. He knew,
however, they were printed on the motion of the
Senator, without reference to the Printing Com-
mittee. And yet here was a memorial presented,
which was signed by a mass of the most intelli-
gent and respectable planters of Louisiana, on a
subject of vital importance to them—a subject on
which they have had much practical experience
for years—a subject which is not only of vital im-
portance to them, but to the whole western coun-
try; in Short, it was a national subject; and yet,
forsooth, objections were made to printing it, while
petitions for private claims have been printed sim-
ply on the motion of the Senator presenting them.
This was certainly a little singular. To be sure,
it was not a matter of much importance; but the
petitioners were men whom he knew to be of the
highest respectability, who spoke, as he hafl re-
marked before, on a subject of the highest impor-
tance. The great objection, however, seemed to
be, because the memorialists bad therein expressed
their disapproval of the conduct of their immediate
representative. Well, have they not the right to
speak so? This memorial he considered as coming
in the shape of instructions to their representative.
He could see nothing disrespectful in it to the rep-
resentative referred to, of whom he knew many of
the signers were warm personal and political
friends. He denied that then object was, as had
been asserted, not so much to produce a change in
the law of last year, as to censure their represent-
ative. He knew that was not their object in sign-
ing this petition; nor was such his object in pre-
senting it. They, to be sure, go oil to state how
the interests of Louisiana have grown up under
the tariff' heretofore, and how they are now about
to be sacrificed by the repeal of that tariff; and, in
detailing the injury which the people of Louisiana
will incur from the late law passed by Congress,
they say that their representative had not repre-
sented their interests. And was it not natural that
they should allude to it? And was it natural that
they should send their memorial to a representa-
tive who was opposed to their interests? No;
they send it to their Senator, with a request that
he would present it, not with a view to censure
their representative, but with a view to produce a
repeal of the law which they justly say it is im-
portant to the nation should be repealed durit^ the
war—at a time when the means of the Govern-
ment require an augmentation of duties on imports.
The Secretary of the Treasury admits that the re-
ductiun of the duty on sugar will result in a dimi-
nution of a million and a half of the revenue, but
he (Mr. J.) would venture to say that the reduc-
tion would amount to two millions at least; and
this, too, in a time of war, when the Government
cannot be carried on without augmented means.
And have not the people the right to speak of the con-
! duct of their representatives ? He did not concur
with gentlemen who say this is an impeachment
or a censuring of their representative. He knew
many of these signers to be warm personal and
political friends of the representative, and they
have alluded to his conduct, as he (Mr. J.) con-
ceived, in the way of instructions. And he had
been under the impression that it was a Demo-
cratic doctrine, that the people have the right to
instruct their Representatives and the Legislatures
their Senators, which was repeatedly done.
Mr. ARCHER felt constrained to say a word,
not on the merits of this petition, but on the
strange and extraordinary reason given against
printing it. As had been observed by the Senator
who had just taken his seat, it was a memorial
from respectable people, respecting public policy,
which affects the intcicsts of the memorialists.
This certainly would seem to give them some
claim to have their memorial printed. That was
not contested. Well, then, on what ground way
it resisted ? Why, here are people of these United
States alleging their grievances—alleging that they
cannot be heard m the other House, because their
Representative is opposed to their interests, or
what they conceive to be their interests, and they
are to be precluded from being heard here, because
some Senators think the language is not so re-
spectful as it ought to have been. Now he (Mr.
A.) should be glad to know how the people aie
to contrive to be heard in Congress if this sort
