1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
of argumentation is to prevail. They were denied
o proper organ in the House of Representatives;
and when they spread their grievances here, they
are not to be heard, because we think they have
not treated their representative properly. Why,
have they not the right, if they conceive then-
representative has betrayed their trust, to ex-
press that opinion? Is the Senate of the United
States to take a supervising: authority over the
expression of the people of this country of the
grievances they endure? Because the memorial-
ists say something that does not suit our taste—
making no imputations on us here, which it
would be competent in us to reject, but com-
menting on something elsewhere, which does not
altogether meet our taste—their memorial is to be
laid aside. I have always understood that we are
atfre to protcct our own dignity, but I never heard
that the Senate of the United States had set itself
upto protect others; and from what? Why,against
the complaints of their own constituencies. These
memorialistssay they have been immensely injured,
and I, for one, protest against the denial to print
their statement of grievances. I do not feel dis-
posed to treat this as a matter of opinion merely,
but I say, and demand, that this memorial, under
such circumstances, should be allowed to go to the
people of the United States, and that it be not
stifled here, coming as it does from a source so
respectable. I hope the motion to print will pre-
vail.
Mr. CHALMERS regretted that the few obser-
vations he had made against the printing of this
memorial should have led to such a debate. He
felt still more mortified that a Senator so remark-
able for his courtesy, both here and elsewhere,
should not know what was due to the other branch
of Congress.
Mr. ARCHER interposed, and said he should
regret exceedingly, if any remark of his should be
deemed uncourteous to any one in either House.
(J. K. Walker, Esq., the Private Secretary of
the President, here appeared below the bar, and
announced a message to the Senate from the Presi-
dent of the United States.]
Mr. CHALMERS said he must at least en-
deavor to set himself right with the Senate as to
the motive which induced him to make this report;
and he was satisfied if the Senator from Virginia
would turn the matter over in his mind, be would
see, in the principle which he had laid down, that
this body could protect itself, sufficient to induce
them to refuse to be the medium of attacks on the
other branch. They were told that this was an
instruction from the constituents to the representa-
tive. Then why was it here ? The Senator from
Virginia says it is here because they cannot be
heard there. If their memorials are respectful,
they will be presented and will be heard there, not-
withstanding their representative may differ from
them in opinion. But were the doors of the Uni-
ted States Senate to be opened to abusive letters
on representatives or public officers: And were
they not only to be received, but printed? He
conceived that the Senate had rights, and a duty
also, in relation to documents which came there.
It was the duty of the Senate to judge whether the
expression of these documents was respectful, and
whether they are such as can receive the sanction
of this body. But this memorial is not for this
Senate; and it should go to the other House. If
it was an instruction for a representative, let it go
to the House of Representatives, and that House
will be able, as the gentleman from Virginia says
this House is, to protect its own dignity. But he
was really surprised to be called upon in this grave
manner to defend the report of the Printing Com- i
mittee refusing to print a statement of the fancics j
of these memorialists, whose interests may or may !
not possibly suffer. They reminded him forcibly j
of a certain sensitive female, whose tears flowed '
fast on the margin of a stream as she contemplated j
the possibility of her unborn infant being drowned \
there. These memorialists here deplored fancied j
ills to arise from the tariff* of 1846; they weep at
the prospect of being drowned in its stream, while
they stand on its happy and prosperous banks.
Mr. SIMMONS did not design to protiact this
debate, and therefore he should make no allusion
to weeping females, much less to their unborn
children. He merely wished to call the attention
of the Senator to one reason which fell from him,
which had no reference to discourtesy of language
which he supposed was used towards this repre-
sentative. When this memorial came before the
Committee on Piinting, he did not think there was
anything in it disrespectful to their representative.
He merely thought, when he heard it read, tjiat
the people of that district had said, as they had
the right to say, that their representative misrepre-
sented their interests; and they gave their reasons
for saying so, that their silence might not be con-
strued into an approval of his vote. Now, was
not that respectful? But the Senator from Missis-
sippi said he was opposed to the printing for an-
other reason: he was opposed to it on public
grounds. He says it comes here requesting a
thing to be done, and they should be content to
print memorials when there was some prospect of
granting their prayer—thus conveying the idea that
it was hopeless to expect that our revenue system
can be possibly altered. Was theie then no pos-
sibility of improving the revenues of this country?
Were they then to go on, and lay impost duties on
tea and coffee, or see the country straightened to
degradation in its finances and suffering 111 its credit,
when there were propositions honestly entertained
to give equal facilities to the revenue and greater
advantages to a portion of our citizens? The Senator
from Mississippi says he is opposed to printing this
memorial, because there is no prospect of any action j
of that sort. He would print, if it were possi-
ble that there could be any action of that kind.
That is what I understood the Senator to say; and
I should like to know what that Senator means by
precluding those who are as sincerely desirous as
he, or any other friend and supporter of the Ad-
ministration, from preventing want and penury and
degradation coming on our people for lack of
means. Does he mean to say we will go on in
this particular line of policy, and that the people
have no right to suggest any other means, or any
more appropriate resource ? Every one must see,
so far as our present means are concerned, they
are wholly inadequate, and that other means must
be employed.
This morning the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Niles] showed it to be the prevailing senti-
ment that they should exhaust the means of rais-
ing revenue by duties on imports before any other
resource was resorted to; and here was the very
best aiticle indicated m this memorial to supply a
part of the deficiency. He called the attention ol
the Senate to this, because there was a disposition
manifested to follow the track which had been
seen to be destructive. He had as much solicitude
to sustain the revenues of the country, and to
supply the wants of the treasury of the country as
any friend of the Administration could have. He
would go as far as they would go, perhaps even
farther; and he had no theories in his way. He
would take, as wise men always would do when
m a state of distiess, the beaten track and sources
of revenue which had heretofore been found suc-
cessful; and if, after that had been done, any other
could be suggested that would be likely to produce
diminution of the deficiency, it should have his
support. But he could not consent, when two
propositions were suggested like these, either to
tax coffee or go back to the sugar tax, to do that
which would be like a poll tax on the people of
this country, with no advantage to any one, when
he could put it on sugar and stimulate industry.
His sincere object was to supply the deficiency in
the treasury, and his convictions were that these
suggestions of practical, intelligent, and pauiotic
men, were such as would aid in replenishing the
treasury; and why, then, should they not be heard?
This war would tuin out to be no children's play.
Look at the report which was befoie them. They
were asked to supply fifty millions of dollars for
the succeeding year; and what prospect had they
of doing that, unless they changed their policy?
Before lie sat down, he would ask for the yeas and
nays on his motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ATHERTON said it certainly was not his
intention on this unimportant question, which was
simply to strike out the word " not," to go into a
discussion of the tariff law or the Mexican wai.
It seemed to him that some of the suggestions
which had been made by the gentleman irom Vir-
ginia on the other side, would have been more ap-
plicable, if the question had been on the reception
of the memorial, or that part of it which reflects on
the course of a member of the other House. But
the objections which I have to the printing of this
memorial are sufficient in my mmd, without enter-
ing into that part of the memorial at all. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana has expressed his surprise
that the committee should have reported against
the printing of this memorial. Now it is just as
proper in me to express my surprise that those
who presented it should desire to have it printed.
For what good is it to be done? It is a memorial to
the Senate of the United States; and has not every
Senator here heard it? Does not every one know
its contents? With what object, then, is it to be
printed r Is it merely that it may go among our
Uocuments? for we do not propose to print any
extra number for distribution. It has been asked if
we will not hear these petitions. Why this me-
morial has been heard and referred. The subject
has been spoken of as if it was the general rule to
print all memorials. I know, perhaps through some
irregularity, that some memorials have been print-
ed; but_ the gentleman from Rhode Island will do
us the justice to say, that the committee haive not
reported in favor of printing these memorials. Nor
can that be necessary, as I had occasion to say the
j other day; for when memorials are brought before
the Senate, they are referred, and their important
facts are imbodicd in the report of the committee,
and thus they come before the Senate and the
country in an imposing form. The Senator asks,
: Will you not listen to these petitioners? Will you
deny the memorialists the pnvilege of having them
spread upon your journal? I was not aware that
it was our habit to spiead memorials on the jour-
nal. And is it a denial to listen to memorials when
they are read to this body? Why, then, should
*his memorial be made an exception from thegen-
ral rule? There is nothing- new in this memorial.
There are no new facts or statistics in it. The
Senator from Rhode Island has referred to the vast
expense to which the treasury is subject. It seems
to me, then, to be the best course under such cir-
cumstances and state of affairs, not to go to the
expense of printing when no good can result.
Besides, it has already been printed. It is a printed
memorial as it comes to us. These considerations
are sufficient to induecme to refuse to print this
and all other memorials from which no good can
arise. But one remark fmther. This memorial is
supposed to be disrespectful to a member of the other
House. No one will deny to these memorialists
the right to speak of their representati\es, but it is
a principle of parliamentary law that members of
each House should avoid that which will embroil
them with the other House. Even a desire to
speak in one Ilouoe of the acts of the other, is
checked as unparliamentary for these reasons; and
if a petition comes here, then, containing disre-
spectful imputations, is it not disrespectful to print
it and put it among our records? Suppose a memo-
rial to go to the other House, which was disrespect-
ful to any Senator, would it not be disrespectful
to receive it, and more especially to print it? I
think that is the principle which applies in this
case, in consequence of the danger we should be in
of violating that parliamentary law which guards
the twb Houses against embroiling themselves
with each other. And it seems to me that the ex-
pressions quoted by the Senator from Rhode Island
were not correctly given. If I recollect the pur-
port, it accuses the representative of being unfaith-
ful to his trust.
Mr. SIMMONS : Unfaithful to their interests.
Mr. ATHERTON. "Well, it is a serious impu-
tation on a member of Congress.
Mr. CHALMERS said the Senator from Rhode
Island thought it very strange and extraordinary
in him that he should be opposed to printing
memorials from men so respectable; and on the
subject of taxing tea and coffee, he added, that he
had* no theory himself, but that he wanted light
wherever he could obtain it, and that he would act
in accordance with it. Well, if that Senator has
no theory of protection, I have none of free trade.
Mr. SIMMONS. I said I had no theory which
would pre\ent me taxing the free articles.
Mr. CHALMERS begged the gentleman from
Rhode Island to lecollect that his constituents had
not enjoyed the benefit of thirty percent, protection
on their cotton. The Senator from Rhode Island
manifested on anxious solicitude to protect cotton
manufactures of every description and those which
weie identical. He'therefore exhibited a fellow-
feeling with the Louisiana planters and the sugar
interest. That Senator, therefore, should not feel
astonished if he (Mr. C.) had a fellow-feeling with
those who have no protection. With those who
