1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13*
The resolution being modified, it was agreed to.
So all debate in Committee of the Whole on the
bill to increase the army is to be closed at half-past
two o'clock on Saturday next.
Mr. SEAMAN gave notice that at an early day
he would ask leave to bring in a bill to prevent the
importation of paupers and criminals into the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. EDWIN H. EWING asked leave to intro-
duce several bills, of which previous notice had
been given. s
Mr. HOPKINS said the introduction of bills
and other matters at this time was irregular, and
gave rise to much confusion; and, as there were
several special orders pending, he would call for
the orders of the day.
Mr. FICKLIN asked leave to give notice of the
following amendment, which he proposed to offer
as a substitute for the bill, viz:
Strike out all after the title, and insert—
"That, in addition to the volunteer force authorized bvthe
act approved May ] 3th,1848,the Presidentot theUmtcd States
is authorized to call for and accept the services of one regi-
ment of dragoons ami nine regiments of infantry, e;ich to be
composed of the same number of commissioned officers,
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, &.c., as
are provided for a regimejitofdiHgoonb and infantry in the
army of the United States re^ppctively, and whoshallieceive
the same rations and allowances, he subject to the same
regulations, and to the rules and articles of war.
" Sec. 2. Jlnd he it fia iher cnacfcd, That the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, compo.«ing
the regiments here by authoiized to be accepted by the Presi-
dent, hliall be required to volunteer for and during the war ;
and it is farther provided, that at the close of the war, if
they desire it, they shall be returned to the several States
and Territories m which they volunteered, at the expense
of the United States, and there bo disbanded and dischaiged
from the service.
"Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enactcd} That it shall be lawful
for the volunteers in oach company to elect their own officers,
and foi the volunteers of each regiment to elect the officer
of their regiments respectively; the commissioned officers
to receive their commissions from the President of the Uni
ted States.
" Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War shall furnish clothing and rations to the volunteers of
the several regiments hereby authorized to be raised; ami
to all those who have or shall hereafter volunteer, under the
act of the 13th of May, 1846, in the same proportion and
manner, and upon the same terms, as is authoiized by law
for the army of the United State*-.
" Sf,c. 6 Jlnd bp it further enacted, That when any State
shall have failed, or delayed for the space of two months,
to furnish the volunteers called tor by the President under
the provisions of the act of the 13th May, 1846, it shall be
lawful for the President to receivc such company or com-
panies as may be organized and ready, and he may fill up
such regiment or regiments with any other company or
companies that may tender their services, and that aie such
as he may choose to accept fiom other States or Territo-
ries.
"Sec.7. Jlnd be it further enacted ^ That the volunteers to
be raised under the provisions of this act, shall be received
with reference to the promptness with which they show
themselves ready, and their fitness and capability for ser-
vice; and without rcgaid to the States or Territories from
which they may come.
" Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each volunteer re-
ceived, or to be received, in the service^of the United States
under the act of May, 1846, or hy virtue of the provisions of
this act,"Shall, froiri the time of being mustered into service
as aforesaid, receive the sum of ten dollars per month ; and
shall moreover be entitled to a bounty of one hundred and
sixty acres of land upon being honorably discharged: Pro-
vided., That the next of kin shall be entitled to the bounty
land of those who are killed in battle, or die in the service
of the United States as aforesaid."
Mr. DARGAN was entitled to the floor; but
yielded to
Mr. BARRING-ER, who said, that in the notice
of the proceedings of this House, inserted under
the editorial head of the Union newspaper of last
evening, he was represented as having made a
speech "in defence of the Administration." It
was doubtless a mistake, unintentionally made,
and arising from the similarity of his own name
with that of his friend from Virginia, [Mr. Bedin-
&er,] who did speak, while he (Mr. Barringer)
did not speak at all on yesterday, much less in
defence of the Administration. He desired the re-
porters to correct the mistake. Whatever might
be his views as to the necessity of an active prose-
cution of the war with Mexico, his constituents
would be as much surprised at his defence of the
Administration as he himself would find the task
difficult to accomplish.
Mr. DARGAN, after some preliminary remarks
in apology for not confining his remarks to the bill
immediately before the committee, (in which he
said he should but follow the practice which seemed
to be indulged heie when the House was in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,)
said that, without either casting reproach on those
opposed to, or lauding those who agreed with him
in politics, he meant to call the attention of the
House to the actual situation of the country as we
found it now. It was of little moment to look back
and censure the past; the great question with which
the House had to deal was this: What is our pres-
ent condition? and what course of conduct ought
we to pursue hereafter?
We had an army now employed in the invasion
of a foreign country. It had been supposed by
some gentlemen that the Mexicans were so degra-
ded a people, that there was little to be dreaded
from their arms; but he had never entertained such
an opinion. He had observed something of man-
kind, and he had always believed that even the
most degraded and cowaidly of savages, if attacked
and surrounded, would fight with desperation. So
a nation, if finding itself in a like condition, or in
immediate danger of it, would fight to the very last:
nor would the contest be one of a light or trifling
character.
While our army was thus in the field, our treas-
ury was exhausted, or nearly so; and though the
House was no doubt very patriotic, (and had even
passed a vote declaring that we were a patriotic
people,) it had refused to tax the only articles
which held out a sure guarantee of replenishing
the national resources. Now, it was very clear,
from the course of the war, that we weie ultimately
to come into possession of more temtury. The
acquisition of this might perhaps be now desired
by the Executive, and perhaps by the country;
but there could be but little doubt but that terri-
tory, in a greater or less quantity, would certainly
be acquired.
This brought up another question,^astly more
important in its bearings on this Coniedeiacy than
the arms or power of Mexico. If the forces of
Mexico prevailed against us, we could ictreat from
danger there; but when once this question should
be raised and disputed in this Union, there would
be no escape from if, let the consequences be what
they would. He wished to submit a few rcmaiks
on that question; and it was possible the course of
them might not be quite acceptable to hiss southern
friends, for he had consulted with none of them;
but he would entreat his friends from the North
(if filends they were) not to disregard, but candid-
ly to weigh them. It was the existence of slavery
which produced all the feeling that had been mani-
fested here in regard to the acquisition of territory,
and had at length led to open threats of the disso-
lution of the Union. After txacing the existence
of slavery in the Union, from its origin in Africa
to its introduction by the acts of the British Gov-
ernment, he noticed the direction which it had na-
turally taken toward the South, and there it had
its seat at this time. But if slavery were a benefit
to any, were the people of the South exclusively
its beneficiaries ? By no means. The millions of
Europe were fed and clothed by the products of
slave labor. Our cities were built, our canals dug,
our railroads constructed, and our own poor popu-
lation supplied with food and raiment, all from the
labor of slaves. This state of things had been per-
mitted by an overruling Providence, whose judg-
ments, he presumed, were not to be the subject of
impeachment on that floor. It had no doubt been
a part of the Divine arrangements, to bring about
the general good of the race, or it never would have
been permitted. And while the evils attending the
system were all borne by the South, the North
were the chief beneficiaries from the good that it
effected. There were some gentlemen, he knew,
who considered themselves as commissioned from
Heaven to burst its bonds asunder, but when
called upon to show it, pointed, like Peter the
Hermit, to the emblem on their banner. What
they had written there, Mr. D. did not know, or
what they intended to; but their course showed
that they were actuated by all the ardor which so
often characterized the votaries of an enthusiastic
creed. There were others who were opposed in
sentiment to the institution, but who did not take
so active and direct a part in efforts against it.
For his own part, he was one of those who be-
lieved that, having been permitted by Divine un-
erring wisdom to exist, it could not be productive
of injury to mankind. When it was otherwise,
He knew how to restrain or terminate it. But let
not men attempt to force such a result by suddenly
bursting the bonds of the slave; they knew not
what would be the consequence. In Godown
time he would bring it to an end; but while it con-
tinued, it was part and parcel of the providential
economy of Him who never erred.
The JNFoith, however, with one voice, seemed,
ready to declare that if new territory was to come
into the Union, at all, it must be on condition that
slavery never should be permitted to set its foot
there. What was he to infer from this ? That it
was their purpose to hedge around and limit the
South, so that all those who were the owners of
slaves should be compelled to stand just where
they were now, and never to move a foot in any
direction. What, then, would be their condition
twenty or twenty-five years hence? None could
know; but he was not willing to run the risk of
the consequences of any such arrangement.
Mr. D. asked if there was now any one gentle-
man from the North here present who was willing
to stand by that compromise which, in the case of
the admission of Missouri into the Union, had
saved the Confederacy from dissolution ? If there
was, it would give him great pleasure to hear it
announced, either privately or in any other mode.
After a pause, he said he perceived that there was
not one. Northern gentlemen were with one ac-
cord ready to disregard the Missouri compromise.
Mr. VINTON, of Ohio, here rose and said, that
according to his understanding of the Missouri
compromise, it had been faithfully and literally
observed. The express terms of the act confined
its operation to the territory which had been ceded
to us by Fiance. AII of that territory lying south
of the parallel of 36° 30' north, had been recog-
nised as States within which slavery was suffered
to exist. The compromise had been faithfully ad-
hered to, though all of the territory lying north of
the compromise line had not yet beenincorporated
into the Union.
Mr. DARGAN, resuming, said that the South
had not so understood the compromise; but that
was immaterial. Whatever had happened in times
past, gentlemen were manifestly not willing to re-
new the principles of that compromise now. Was
there a man there that was willing to renew it for
the soke of the peace and harmony of the coun-
tiy ? Would gentlemen stand by that compromise,
or would they repudiate it? The response to that
question was, that the compromise was no longer
binding, and that they would not renew it. But
not so with the South. Mr. D. had not yet met
with the first southern man who was not willing
to renew and continue that compromise. They
did not ask it from any wish to obtain political as-
cendency over the North, or^hope to control her,
but from the condition of things around them.
They asked their brethren of the North to renew
the same agreement now; arid they of the South
would scrupulously fulfil it. But no; the North
would not do it.
Plow, then, did the country now stand? Its
armies in a foreign land; its treasury exhausted;
territory certainly to be acquired and introduced
into the Union in some shape: and now a question
was raised in regard to the condition of its admis-
sion which threatened the dissolution of our Gov-
ernment and the destruction of all our hopes.
Could the importance of a question like this be
overstated? It demanded the deepest consideration
of every statesman and of every philanthropist.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he was not willing that
the silence of gentlemen when a question was put
should be so construed as to infer that there was
no man here who was willing to stand by the Mis-
souri compromise. Mr. D. had recognised that
principle at the time of the annexation of Texas;
he was ready to recognise it now, and should be
leady at all times; and he believed there were
many other gentlemen here who agreed with him
in opinion.
Mr. DARGAN said he had intended to allude
to the gentleman from Illinois as an honorable ex-
ception. As it was, he was proud that the gentle-
man had risen. And now Mr. D. would call on
every patriot (if there was one in that House) not
to waste time in abusing what had been done, but
to arouse himself, and look to the future interests
of his country.
Mr. D. was a member of the Democratic party,
and never had refused to follow it except when its
measures were condemned by its own deliberate
judgment. This he had been accustomed from
early life to follow; and he never would yield to
the behests of party against his own convictions
of what was right; and he called upon others not
to suffer themselves to be guided by party preju-
dice, but to look to what they felt to be the true
interests of this country. ~
