1847'.
the congressional globe.
137
-svould be glad so to do. Was he to understand
him to say, and to act too, that he would not pro-
vide the means for prosecuting this war, without
this restriction was made?
Mr. GROYER, (in reply.) I have not so said.
I do not design so to say. Before I get through,
I shall give my views on that subject.
[A voice; " What do the South intend to do, in
case the restriction is made ?*']
It is immaterial (said Mr. G*) what the South
intend to do. Independent of that, the party with
whom 1 act, at the North, are prepared with the
answer, now and at all times: we will give the
means to prosecute the war, without the restric-
tion. I think it inopportune to place it there; but
in the bill my colleague had the honor to present,
it is fit and proper; it is proper thai the South and
the whole country should understand now, and at
all times, that—I trust with one solitary exception
that presented himself this morning, [Mr. Doug-
lass,]—the entire North lias but one feeling $ind
one sentiment on the subject. Divided, though
we may be, on other questions, divided on other
matters of public policy, yet on this question, I
know of no division among us.
Mr. McCLERNAJXD, of Illinois, (interposing.)
Does the gentleman wish to be understood to em-
brace the West in that remark ?
Mr. GROYER. When I speak of the North,
1 mean all north of Mason and Dixon's line—the
division between the slave and the free States.
Mr. McCLERNAND. If it be the design of
the gentleman to speak for all the free States, I
protest against his right to speak, ex cathedra, for
me.
Mr. GROYER. I profess to speak ex cathedra
for nobody.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, (rising.) I wish to
know whether the gentleman from New York
speaks for Pennsylvania?
Mr. GROVER, (continuing.) I speak for no-
body but myself. I only refer to my hopes on
the subject. I hope, with that single exception,
we shall find the North united. I know not how
it may be; every individual will act for himself,
on his own responsibility; and I shall not seek to
thrust myself between any gentleman on this floor
and his constituents. But I may be permitted to
remark, if the sentiments of the people of that
region of the country from which I come are a true
criterion of northern feeling on that subject, I leave
the northern Representative, who does not come
up and take his stand with us, an account to settle
with his constituents. 1
Sir, we were told on the part of the gentleman j
who last addressed the committee, [Mr. Srddon,] j
that this was a question of " momentous impor- j
tance;" that it 44 endangers the stability of the!
Union." Is it so? Let me ask gentlemen who i
take this ground, on what they plant themselves. I
Do we propose to interfere with your institutions ?!
Do we propose to legislate for you ? Not at all. j
We leave you in the possession, and we will pro- .
tect you in the enjoyment of every right guaran- i
tied you by the Constitution. Wc leave slavery 1
where it is. We admit that we have no authority ;
to legislate within the States. Every man at the
North admits that fact. We are not to interfere :
with you. What are we endeavoring to do } We :
are endeavoring to say, that where the joint action ■
of this Government takes place, that where the !
indisputable legislative authority of this country i
extends, tli$re slavery shall not exist. Do we do ■
this, Mr. Chairman, out of any feeling of hostility ■
to the South ? Do we manifest any such disposi- j
tion ? Clearly not. Do we do it, sir, with refer- j
ence to any advantage that we suppose we are to 1
secure to the North ? Clearly not. In legislating
on a subject of this character, I leave the interests
of the South and the North out of the question.
To what, sir, should wc direct our attention ' We j
find California with but a very sparse population; i
with scarcely any at all; a wilderness region, open !
to settlement, seized by our arms, now m our pos- ;
session. We are proposing to enact regulations for :
California; and to what shall we direct our atten- '
tion as a guide in framing laws for that territory?'
Shall it be the interests of the slave-holders of the ,
Southern States, or thef interests of the inhabitants i
of the Northern States? No, sir. We should
look above and beyond all these; we should look
to the permanent interests, the real welfare of the
territory, for which we are legislating. I believe
that when we legislate for that territory, we are
bound by the highest earthly obligations to direct
our attention alone to that. How is the welfare of
that territory best to be promoted? Sir, if we would**
settle California; if we would cause 44 the wilder-
ness"theie" to bud and blossomas the rose, "what
must we do? In my judgment, sir, establish free
institutions. 1 think the experience of the world,
the evidence of all history, proves that free insti-
tutions are vastly better calculated to develop the
resources and promote the prosperity of any region
of country than the institution of slavery. Among
the people of the North, at any rate, there is no
remaining doubt upon this question. You need
only look at the boundary line in this country be-
tween the two sets of institutions, and there you
find evidence clear as the sun at noonday of wKich
is the most advantageous. Indeed, from the ad*
mission of gentlemen from the South we have that
evidence, i refer to the gentleman from Virginia
who addressed the committee yesterday, [Mr.
Bedinger,] who spoke about the North constancy
lecturing the South on " their deformity," on their
misfortune. With all deference to thatgentleman,
I say we do no such thing. All we are seeking to
do, and all the North desire to do in reference to
that, if I understand them aright, is to prevent
them from extending that " deformity7' to regions
where it is now unknown. And I ask, if the South
are satisfied that the system of free institutions is
the best; that the introduction of slaves at all was
a real injury to the country; if they are satis-
fied that our revolutionary fathers brought directly
the charge against the King of Great Britain, as
one of the causes of their separation, that he had
refused to prohibit the slave trade; why are they so
selfish now, as to desire to extend it to some of the
finest regions on earth, where that eviJ does not now
exist? Is the human heart so selfish? If they
| have that difficulty upon them—if th6y acknowl-
edge it is an evil—why seek to extend it? Why
seek to draw in others to feel its curse? What
excuse or what apology is there for it? Some of
them refer to the balance of political" power. Gen-
tlemen, you have no reason to be jealous on that
subject. The North always has had the balance
of political power, and yet the Executive magis-
trates for some forty years have been from the
South, and only for some sixteen years from the
North; yet, you find a majority of the statesmen
in prominent offices from the South. It is from
no idea of getting a political advantage, or of re-
taming or preserving for ouiselves the balance of
power, that we plant ourselves on this principle.
We do it, sir, from what, I trust, is a holier mo-
tive—for the sake of preserving that region of
country, which we propose to attach to this Union,
from the evils of that institution. Secure that to
us—secure on the Pacific shore a cordon of free
States, and we will leave you in the enjoyment of
all your rights, if slavery has its advantages, you
are welcome to them; if it has its evils, we regret
it. The Union in danger ! How can this endan-
ger the Union ? You touch not the Constitution—
you touch not one of the rights of the South—you
secure to them all the territory they ever had, all
the territory on which slavery exists. And what
is the alternative piesented to the? North' Oh,
44 extend that institution; set it up in regions where
it has never prevailed, where the slave has never
trod, or"—what? The South u will violate the
compact—the South will leave us, gentlemen—the
South will destroy the Union."
Mr. Chairman, does any individual suppose
such a thing to be contemplated for a moment? I
will not enteitain such an idea of the southern por-
tion of the country. I regard it as a libel and a
slander upon them. What! while the North re-
ligiously observes every item of the compact, stands
by the South shoulder to shoulder in carrying it
out, the South will dissolve the Union—the South
will secede, unless you will pervert the Govern-
ment of this country, from its legitimate purposes, j
to the extension of slavery—to the conversion of ;
free into slave territory! The North never will :
consent to it, in my judgment. What reason, then,
has the South to dissolve the Union ? What earthly
reason, what plausible excuse, can you present to
your constituents for even talking about it? The
Constitution does not extend over that territory;
there is no compromise about it. The proposition
is made to incorporate it into our country, and the
North says when we incorporate it, we must bring
it in on terms most advantageous to the territory
itself— on terms that will best promote human hap- i
piness there, and the prosperity of that region, and
forthwith—I don't know but to appeal to our
fears!—we are told, if we do it, we are endanger-
ing the Union! Away with the childish fancy'
1 have no fear on that subject. The Union cannot
be abolished as long as the principles of the Con-
stitution are observed—as long as there is no in-
fringement made on a single right secured to the
i UtT ,, cannot go to your constituents—
slaveholders or non-slaveholders—and tell them
they must secede from the Union. And why?
What reason have you to e;ive to your people and
to the civilized world ? « Oh, the North icon'l per-
mit, in the middle of the nineteenth century, the
power of the republic to be perverted to the exten-
sion of slavery; and, therefore, we can 110 longer
live in amity and union with tliem °
Mr. Chairman, I dismiss all considerations of
this character from this question; men of~weak
nerves may be intimidated by them. I love this
Union; my whole affections cluster around it;" I be-
lieve it is to be perpetuated ; that we are to go on
in a career of greatness: 1 have no fears about its
dissolution, and surely the South is the last that
will secede.
Mr. Chairman, we are referred to the Missouri
compromise; we are told that the South are wtl-
ling religiously to observe that compromise; that
she has no disposition to trench upon it at all- that
she will extend the line of 3C° 30' through to the
lacific, and all will be well. Mr. Chairman, it-
occurs to me that a small change, within twelve
months, has come o'er the spirit of their dream.
remember rightly, at the last session of Con-
gress we had a bill providing for the establishment
of a territorial government over Oregon. I re-
member we had in that bill a clause providing that
territory, the whole of which is north of
36 30', slavery or involuntary servitude, except
for crime, should be forever prohibited. I remem-
ber a was taken on that provision in this
Hall, and that a very large proportion of the south-
ern men recorded their votes against it. Sir, where
was the Missouri compiomis'e then ? Where was .
tins blessed compact then—second only, in their
estimation, to the Constitution, and never to be
infringed upon > Oh, it was forgotten!
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, here rose and
said his name, among others, was so recorded, but
he would not be understood in so voting to say
he was opposed to the Missouri compromise, but
it was a declaration of the want of power 111 Con-
gress to legislate upon the subject.
Mr. GROYER, (continuing-:) Yes, sir. Well,
I will attend to that plea next. Those who talk
about this " compromise" now, it seems had for-
gotten it then. Then, if I remember, the North 
that is now charged with a desire to put unholy
hands to the Union—had just admitted Texas,
with territory enough to make four slave States as
large as Virginia; we had yielded that, we had
conceded it. Why? Slavery existed in Texas
before; it had been planted there; it was one of
their institutions; and in the same condition in
which we found it we were willing to receive it;
and in the same condition, by northern votes, it
was received. Did you hear anything, then, about
the dissolution of the Union, when Texas was
taken in? We did. One or two noithcrn gentle-
men said it was equivalent to a dissolution of the
Union; and then these southern men, who are so
ready, now, to cry dissolution of the Union, got
up and laughed at it. We were willing to vote
Texas in; we took it with slavery, because sla\ery
was there. By our vote to receive Texas we dii
not agree to extend the area of slavery an inch—
we never design to. When asked to extend it
now, the question is of a vastly different character,
as no one can fail to perccive. The South was all
quiet then. There was no talk, then,about the
Union being in danger. Take Texas in, and all
will be well. We did; we opened our arms and
received her into our Confederacy. Texas is now
a sovereign State: we regard her as such, and we
will defend and protect her in all her lights and
institutions. But the very moment the North plant
themselves on this principle, what do we hear?
''Dissolve the Union. We'll give it up, if you
noithern men will not concede. If you will not
divide and compromise, farewell to the Union !"
As I have once before remarked, awav with the
idea ! And I ask southern men, with what face do
you come here to-day and appeal to us to yield
what we regard as a high and holy principle of
