140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING presented a
memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of the city
of Savannah, and of others, citizens of said city,
praying an appropriation tor the removal of the
wrecks and other obstructions to the free naviga-
lion of the Savannah river. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That it shall not be m order'Tor any
member to move that the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union rise on this day
before the hour of ten o'clock, P. M.
On motion of Mr. W. HUNT, the resolution was
laid on the table.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. George S. Houston in
the choir,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to raise for a limited time an additional
military force, and for other purposes, and amend-
ment. . ,, , .
Mr. TOOMBS, of Georgia, addressed the com-
mittee, and said it was not his intention, when he
first attempted to get the floor, to discuss the gen-
eral subject of our Mexican relations; he intended
only briefly to address the committee upon the bill
before it; but since that time, a new element has
been introduced into the discussion by gentlemen
upon the other side of the House, which was of
such great importance to the whole country that he
did not feel at liberty to pass it by in silence: (
therefore, after briefly adverting to his objections J|
to the bill before the committee, he would pass to |j
the consideration of the questions which had been j|
discussed by those who had preceded him m tins ;!
debate. He said he was opposed to the bill upon !;
the table, which proposed to raise ten regiments of j'
regular soldiers for the Mexican war, because he j
preferred to employ volunteers in that service; he i
should therefore give his support to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
RvriiBUN.] He said the only substantial differ-
ence between the two bills was this: by the original
bill, the President appointed the officers who were
to command the men; by the substitute of the gen-
tleman from New York, the men appointed then
own officeis. Mr. T. said he dccidcdly preferred
ihe latter mode of appointment. The volunteers
liaie, so far, exercised this power with much great-
er judgment, skill, and patriotism, than the Presi-
dent. The have sought for skilful military men;
in very many instances—and, as far as 1 know, in
all cases where it was piacticable—they have elect-
ed for their commanders men whose military edu-
cation and personal characteis have eminently fitted :
them for their position. We authorized the Presi-
dent to appoint six brigadier generals. What was
the precise ground upon which he appointed them j
cannot be ceitainly known; but we do know that
lie has can fined these particular appointments to his
own particular party; if they have any other merit,
it is yet to be disclosed to the American people.
If we pass the original bill upon your table, we
have every guarantee, from the past conduct of the
Picsident, that he will officer the regiments with a
set of political adventurers whom the soldiers j
would not elect, and therefore do not want; but j
pass the substitute, and your hardy and patriotic |
people will enter your service with alacrity, and '
will be led to battle by men who obtain theii offices :
by their personal merits. The battles of the re- j
public ought to be fought by its citizen soldiery; |
and the President well knows that they will demand i
their right to designate their leaders. Itis for this i
leason that he asks you to dispense with that de- 1
Mcnption of force, and give him, in their stead, ;
those whose patriotism he expects to arouse by a
bounty of twelve dollars per head.
Another great advantage of using volunteers in- ■
stead of regulars is, that you can more expedi-
tiously raise the foice you need. The calls for 1
volunteers were immediately responded to. Com- i
panies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divis- j
ions, have instantly, within a few weeks after a
call made by the Government, marched against the
enemy. We are told by the Government that thou-
sands more than were needed have responded to
those calls. But nearly ten months since, we pass-
ed a law doubling the rank and file of the regular
army. This description of force is in great favor
with our regular officers; they have doubtless used
every necessary and proper means tor recruiting
the regular army, and still the ranks are not full
by five or six thousand men. If recruiting for the
future progresses no better than the past, we will
not fill up the present deficiency of the army and
these ten regiments in a time in which I trust we
hope to finish this war. You need troops now in
Mexico, to-day; then call out those upon whom
you can rely for immediate service. Besides, sir,
1 admit 1 have a jealousy, which was once com-
mon to the republican party, of a regular army. I
will not increase it, without a stern necessity for it.
In lily judgmen t, that necessity does not exist. The
volunteeis have done their duty in the field; they
are ready and willing to serve the country; they
are more reliable than your regular troops. Not
one of them have as yet deserted to the enemy. I
regret to say such is not true of the regular army.
Some of them have deserted to the enemy, and
have used the skill and knowledge you taught them
in battering down the columns of their former breth-
ren m arms. The volunteers are reliable for their
fidelity to your institutions. As citizens, they are
interested, in common with other citizens, in good
government. They arc not mere soldiers, with
desperate fortunes, with no employment but war,
whom an ambitious rule* may lead back from your
distant provinces to dictate law, and appoint a ruler
m your capital. I do not wish to be understood
as being alarmed for these results with our present
ruler. No, sir; we have no Cassar now. Oh no
sir; but the time may come when you may have
a bold man, as well as a bad one, in the White
House. That we may establish a good precedent;
that the war may be prose 'uted with more vigor;
that our tioops may be speedily in the field, while
the season in Mexico is favorable to military oper-
ations; that th« citizen soldier may be permitted
to fight the batiles of his country, and fight them
under officers of his own choice, 1 shall support the
substitute of the gentleman from New York, whose
bill, as well as his reasons for introducing it, I
heartily approve.
Mr. T. said he had already given his opinions
upon the policy which led to this war. He sought
the earliest opportunity which was allowed him
after the passage of the bill recognising the war.
pie condemned that policy. Pic then expressed the
opinion that the war was unnecessary, and might
have been honorably avoided; that the constitu-
tional powers of this House over the question of
peace and war had been usurped by the President;
and that he had made this war without authority of
law.
Mr. T. said those opinions which he then ex-
pressed were unchanged, but that he should not
have again adverted to the causes of the war but
foi the malignant, systematic attack which the
Piesident had thought piopei to make in his an-
nual message to both Houses of Congiess. The
continuance of the controversy was one of his own
seeking. The Pi esident has presented to the coun-
try and the world a Ions; and artfully-drawn list of
grievances against Mexico, and a voluminous argu-
ment m favor of the Rio Grande as the lawful
boundary of Texas. I shall not examine that list
of grievances; admit them to be as strong as he
represents, and they are numerous and unjustifi-
able. I have only to answer, that by the Consti-
tution it is the right and duty of Congress to de-
termine whether those grievances were just and
sufficient causes of war. We charge the President
with usurping the war-making power; he and his
friends answer us by a list of Mexican misde-
meanors and crimes. We charge him with march-
in°- the army of the republic upon the Rio Grande
without authority of law; with seizing a country
I without the authority of Congress, which had been
j for centuries, and was then ill possession of the
' Mexicans. We are answered by arguments m
favor of the Texan title to that river, which,
j whether good or bad, it was not his province to
determine; the lepublic had not by law fixed its
! boundaiv on that frontier; the resolution annexing
I Texas did not define the boundary, but expressly
declared it should be settled hereafter; the Presi-
dent undertook to settle it by the sword, and there-
by, in my opinion, violated the laws of his country,
and usurped powers not conferred upon him, but
which the people had intrusted to Congress.
The mode by which he has attempted to stifle
all debate upon, and inquiry into his own conduct,
in relation to these matters, is as extraordinary as
remehensiblc—as untenable as the policy which
produced the war. He has attempted to overcome
the freedom of debate in this House, by insinua-
ting a charge of disloyalty, of treason, against
those representatives of the joeople who dared fear-
lessly to exercise the freedom of debate, to stand
upon their rights as freemen, and, as representa-
tives of freemen in this Hall, to arraign and con-
demn his conduct; and his pensioned presses have
undertaken to silence the Whig press of the repub-
lic by similar denunciationsi That press has nobly
and ably bid it defiance, and yet stands upon the
watchtowcrs of liberty, giving continual warning
to the people of the dangers with which the repub-
lic is threatened. It dares to defend truth, justice,
and the Constitution, and to denounce treachery,
imbecility, corruption, and meanness, wherever it
may be found in the Government. It is perform-
ing its mission, the high destiny of a free press in
a free country, and is entitled not only to the sup- .
port but to the gratitude of the country. And
small has been the "aid and comfort" which this
atrocious policy has brought him in this Hall. He
must procure his partisans here to give a sedition
law, and power to cnforce it, before he can silence
the voice of freemen here. The Whigs are ready
to do battle both against domestic usurpers and
foreign aggressors. While we are fighting the
noble ship of state against our foreign enemies, we •
shall take care that no treacherous pilot shall run
her upon shoals or quicksands, or bore holes in her
bottom.
Mr. T. said, if the President and his party had
intended to make this a party war, no measures
could have been adopted better calculated to pro-
duce that result than those which he has adopted.
He seems to have actcd under the impression that
he had an easy war in Mexico, but a difficult one
at home, and therefore his " energetic imbecilities'1
have been displayed both at home and abroad.
His appointments to the military service have been
almost exclusively from the ranks of his friends,
and he has manifested every disposition to provoke
and drive his opponents into the adoption of such
courses as would destroy their influence with the
country. I refer him to the recent elections as evi-
dence of the success of that policy. The same
want of capacity and imbecility which signalized
his policy before the war, and which blundered
him into it, has marked every stage of its progress.
We have victories without advantages, and it is
not the fault of our gallant General in the field. He
has done all that could be done with the means in
his power. After the battles of the 8th and 9th of
May the Mexican army escaped, because we had
no meansof following up ourvictories. The enemy
had full leisure to fortify himself in his strongholds,
and, after the lapse of near five months, our Gen-
erals were again able to advancc upon the enemy
with an insufficient force, and defeat him, and
again lose the fruits of victory by an inability to
pursue the enemy after the capturc of Monterey.
That place capitulated on the 24th September. Our
.Government, always brave in words, and energetic
in giving empty orders, terminated the armistice;
but the army is unable, for want of mere transpor-
tation and munitions of war, to advance njnon Po-
tosi, where the Mexican General whom the Presi-
dent furnished the enemy has made a stand, and,
from our information, is ready to fight us. The
President has all this time had ample powers to
furnish men and munitions to our Generals. If he
had sent the fifty thousand men we authorized in
May last, the country would have reaped some
substantial advantages from the treasure and blood
which she has expended; but, as it is, we are as
far from conquering a peace as we were the day
we started in this unfortunate war. When the
President determined to cross the Rio Grande, he
should have done it with an adequate force to pro-
duce decisive results. With the Government in
the hands of our present rulers, we are constantly
liable to have the nation disgraced in the midst of
its victories.
The course of the majority in this House has
been generally confined to the support of the Ex-
ecutive in relation to this war. In the beginning
they forced upon a large and reluctant portion of
their own party the President's declaration that the
war was brought on by the act of Mexico. It is
well known to this House that, with a majority of
near seventy which the dominant party now have
here, the amendment containing that declaration
