142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
under our rule and dominion. It was utterly con-
trary to the genius and scope of all our institutions.
It was against our own theory of free Government.
That theory was based on the principle that all
people were to be governed by their own free will,
and not by the compulsion of others. We had
nothing to do with conquering other nations. The
idea of procuring indemnity for injuries in this
way was atrocious. Our right against Mexico
was to obtain what was due to us, and we occu-
pied her territory only as a means of coercing her
to pay us. But we had no right to her land. We
had not, as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Grover] had said, taken out execution against her
land. Her soil was private property; and the
rights of private property were respected by all
civilized nations. Thegentleman from New York,
[Mr. Grover,] by advocating such doctrine as he
had advanced here yesterday, had not advanced
the character of his own country very far above
the " barbarous" Mexicans. We had no right to
take her territory from her. To cover it over with
the name of indemnity made the thing no better;
it was, after all, nothing but the strong taking ad-
vantage of the weak. Mr. T. was opposed to it,
now and forever. The propriety of pursuing the
course he had pointed out was strengthened not
only by every principle of justice and of national
honor, but by the present position of our own
country.
And this brought him to speak for a few minutes
of the proposition introduced by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Preston King.] Mr. T.
did not feel that degree of excitement on this sub-
ject which appeared to influence his southern
friends. He was prepared to meet the crisis when
it should come. His own course and that of the
people of the South were fixed and determined.
There was no diffeience of opinion there; and he
felt that when united they had nothing to fear from
any quarter." Mr. T. had seen nothing since he
had had the honor of a seat on the floor of Con-
gress so well calculated to disturb the peace of the
country as the bill attempted to be introduced by
the gentleman from New York. Had he not
known that the gentleman had introduced it, he
would have supposed that it might have been the
work of some desperate political gamester, the web
of whose power was crumbling under his feet; in
whose ears the triumphant shouts of his victorious
foes were yet ringing; whose friends were treach-
erously undermining him; and who, being deter-
mined to make one last desperate struggle for lost
power, was endeavoring to recruit his broken col-
umns from the ranks of a desperate fanatical fac-
tion, whom, in the day of his power and prosperi-
ty, he had scorned and despised; in short, one who
had determined to fire the temple of liberty, if he
was not allowed to minister at its altar, But, as
thegentleman from New York fathered the bill, he
supposed he must dismiss from his mind these
suppositions. At all events, the question had come,
and Mr. T. was not certain that it had come inop-
portunely, if it must come at all, though lie believ-
ed that the Executive and his organist, and his
echoes here, might think it a very bad time. If
the question was to breed mischief to the peace
and safety of the country, it weie better to under-
stand it now, while it was capable of control. But
if this element of discord and discontent was to take
a different direction, it only remained that those
against whom it was to be directed should look
first to the preservation of the Union, and next to
their own rights.
Mr. T. was actuated in this matter by no intem-
perate zeal. He should indulge in no denuncia-
tions against gentlemen who were situated amid
circumstances wholly different from his own, and
who clung to what they believed, however eiro-
neously, to be the interest of those territories to
which the bill related. He pretended to no such
sort of philanthi opy. He did not much believe
in this diffusive patriotism. He believed that the
man whose love for his race did not begin at his
own hearthstone, and then spicad into his own
neighborhood, his own State, his own section of
the Union, did list love any of them half as well
as himself. Mr. T. stood up first for the rights of
all who inhabited his own section of this broad
Union. He went for the Union as it was. If
gentlemen were tired of it, unless they could carry
a measute which was inconsistent with the equal
rights of all, let them say so.
Thegentleman from Indiana, [Mr. C. B. Smith,]
who addressed the committee some days since, and
to whom he had listened with unmingled pleasure
and satisfaction, had, in Mr. T.'s judgment, taken
the ground of justice and of right. But to the
gentlemen who had exhibited such a new-born zeal
for the acquisition of free territory, (he called it
new-born, for he well remembered the time when
their " natural allies" in New York were pointed
to' as the ark of safety for southern institutions,)
he might well say " Et lu Brule." An attack from
that quarter was, he confessed, most unexpected.
The South had once relied on these New York
" natural allies:" on-northern men with southern
principles; but he now perceived that, in their zeal
in behalf of southern interests, they had been ac-
tuated only by a desire for power and spoils.
Then they could make what were now found to
have been but bare and hollow-hearted concessions
to those who stood firm on the basis of the Con-
stitution.
But Mr. T. would tell gentlemen, not under ex-
citement, but as his candid opinion, if the policy
of that faction was to be adopted by the House—
he meant it as no threat, for he scorned to threat-
en—he spoke it as the calm and settled conviction
of his own mind—that the men whom he repre-
sented here would take measures to provide " new
aafeguards for their future security. '
The gentleman from INew York [Mr. Grover]
asked how the South could complain of the pro-
posed proviso to accompany the admission of new
territory, when the arrangement was so perfectly
fair, and put the North and the South on a footing
of perfect equality. The North would go there
without slaves, and so could the South. Well,
Mr. T. would try the principle the other way.
Suppose the territory to be open to all: then the
South could go there, and carry slaves with them,
and so could the North. Would not this be just
as equal? [Much laughter.] Mr. T. said he would
not answer for the strength of the argument, but
it was as good as what he goL [Laughter.]
The South would remain in the Union on a
ground of perfect equality with the rest of the
Union, or they would not stay in it at all. They
asked for honest and honorable union: more they
did not ask, nor would they put up with less. To
ask them to be content with a position of inferior-
ity, would degrade those who made such a propo-
sition as much as it would those who could accept
of it. The South asked only forevenhanded justice.
Mr. T. had listened attentively to the gentlemen
from Virginia and from Alabama, and he endorsed
it all. They had faithfully represented the opin-
ions and feelings of all who lived at the South,
with fewer exceptions than there had been Tories
in the days of the Revolution. Then let us put a
check upon this lust of dominion. We had terri-
tory enough, Heaven knew. Why should we
seek to bring in more by force of arms ? Let us
improve what we had; let us cover it with an in-
dustrious, enterprising population, who should
spread over its mountains and its valleys till the
wilderness was subdued and covered with waving
harvests. Then might we safely defy the world
in arms, and then should we at the same time
exert a moral force which would spread its contiol
over surrounding nations. But he was against this
fraternizing policy. It was too much like that pur-
sued by the French in the days of the Directory,
whose armies eame into all the weaker countries
of Europe with the proposal—
"Let us be brethren—or we'll cut your throats."
If that was the policy to be pursued here, Mr.
T. warned gentlemen that he should resist it to the
uttermost. He would call upon all the people to
resist it. Such a policy destroyed the republic of
Rome, and we might follow in the same path. Let
us, then, provide beforehand against such a fate.
The Missouri question, which, to the great joy
and satisfaction of the whole country, had slept for
a quarter of a century, had been raised again by
the bill of the gentleman from New Yoik. A gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had said that the
Missouri compromise applied only to the territory
we had obtained from France. This might be
true. But it was the universal belief of the South
that in that compromise she had sacrificed her
rights for the sake of the peace and harmony of the
Union; for that territory had been open to all—as
open to the men of the South as of the North. The
North yielded nothing: it was the South which
yielded that equal right which her citizens pos-
sessed under the Constitution of going wherever
the laws of this Union went—wherever the Ameri-
can flag waved over American soil: to go with their
flocks and their herds, their maid servants and
their men servants.
The territory we got from France ran up as high
as 40° north; but much of the country over -which
their equal right extended was unSuited to a slave
population, and they had been willing to make the
concession for the sake of peace and of union.
They yielded it to the memories and associations
of the past, and to brighter hopes of a glorious
future; not to craven fear. That compromise grew
' out of no desire for northern aid. They had no
fears on the score of their own institutions. They
claimed a right to slavery not under the Constitu-
tion; their right was long anterior to the Constitu--
i don; they held it under their own sovereign right.
Let gentlemen who sought to destroy it tear the
Constitution to atoms, and how much nearer would
they be to their object? Destroy the Constitution,
still the South held her slavery by her own muni-
cipal right. Their institutions were not in the
slightest danger—none in the world. The only
benefit the South had got from the Constitution
(the right to have fugitives from labor delivered
up) had been lost and frittered away by men who
were not able to stand up against the pressure from
without, and who shrank from and evaded their
duty to satisfy a faction. In some of the largest
States that right had been refused and flittered
away against the express provision of the Consti-
tution.
But gentlemen contended that the compromise
had done its work, and was now over—functus
officii. If so, then the South were entitled equally
with the North to a share in those " fair lands" of
which the gentleman from New York had spoken
with so much unction; and so gentlemen would
find it if they should attempt to carry out what they
now proposed. They would find the men who had
won that territory by their arms a little harder to
drive out than the Mexicans, if this Government
retained it. Much of the blood by which these
territories had been won had flowed in southern
veins. The volunteers of the South had first been
called out, and had first marched, not because they
were braver or more ready than their brethren at
the North, but merely because they were nearer to
the scene of action. He knew, he cheerfully ad-
mitted that men of the North and of the South were
all equally ready, and, he would add, Whigs and
Democrats too. But the South first marched and
first bled. That was the way they had given aid
and comfort to the enemy. These men were there,
numbers of them in California, slaveholders them-
selves and the sons of slaveholders; and they would
not be very likely to assent to have all who held
slaves excluded from the soil they had won.
If gentlemen objected to the compromise, what
grijund had they to stand upon when they pre-
tended that all the States were put upon an equal
footing ? How could that be a state of equality in
which the States of one-half the Union undertook
successfully to say to the States of the other half,
You and your people shall be driven from territory
which is the property of all? Let that policy suc-
ceed, and few indeed would be found who could
say that the States were in the Union on an equal
footing. No, the people of the South claimed the
right to carry then* institutions with them where v er
they went; into all parts of the republic; that they
had a right to make their own laws while organized
as territoiies, and when they became States, to
choose for themselves whether they would have
slavery or not. It was as much as the gentleman
from New York would be able to do to legislate for
the people immediately around him, and for his
own times, without busyinghirnself with the people
of California, and providing "for future ages."
Leave these people to act for themselves. The
South claimed to stand on an equal platform with
the other States. This they demanded as then-
right, and they intended to have it, It was only
fair play, and there was no use in blinking the
question. They would he degraded, andMinwor-
thy of the name of American Ireemen, could they
consent to remain, for a day or ail hour, in a Union
where they must stand on ground of inferiority^
and be denied the rights and privileges which were
extended to all others.
Mr. T. concluded with recapitulating the ground
he had taken in regard to the war, and calling on
gentlemen to do their whole duty to themselves,
to their posterity, and to all mankind, , -?*.
