1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
148
The floor was then obtained by-
Mr. WINTHROP, who said that if he could
have selected his own time for addressing the com-
mittee, he would not have followed so close in the
wake of his honorable and excellent friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who had just taken his
seat. But, after watching and struggling for the
floor for three or four days, he could not forego the
opportunity of saying what he had to say now,
even to avoid the disadvantage of placing his re-
marks in immediate contrast with a speech which
had attracted so large a measure of attention and
admiration.
I am not prepared (Mr. W. proceeded to say)
to vote for the bill now under consideration, i
ceitairily cannot vote for it in its present shape. I
doubt whether I can be brought to vote for it in any
shape, under the present circumstances of the coun-
try. But, before dealing with its particular provi-
sions, or with the principles and policy which it
involves, I desire to submit a few considerations of
a more general and comprehensive character.
1 am not one of those, Mr. Chairman—if, in-
deed, there be any such in this House—who think
it incumbent on them to vote against all supplies
in a time of war, because they do not approve the
manner in which the war was commenccd, or the
spirit in which it is conducted. Regarding war as
an evil which no language can exaggerate; depre-
cating nothing more earnestly than a necessity of
rendering myself in any degree responsible for its
existence or continuance; desiring nothing so sin-
cerely as an opportunity of contributing in any
way to the peace of my country and of the world,
I yet acknowledge that there are many cases m
which 1 should feel constrained to vote-men and
money for prosecuting hostilities, even though they
had originated m measures which I utterly con-
demned. I may say, in a word, and without further
specification, that 1 am ready to vote for the defence
of my country, now and always; and when a for-
eign army is on our borders, or a foreign squadron
in our bays, I shall never be for stopping to inquire
'into the merits of the quarrel, or to ascertain who
struck or who provoked the first blow, before doing
whatever may be in my power to drive back the
invaders, and to vindicate the inviolability of our
soil. Nor do X forget that it may be sometimes
necessary for our defence to cany the war into the
enemy's country, and to ciipple the resources and
crush the power of those who may insist on dis-
turbing our peace. When such a necessity exists,
and is clearly manifested, 1 shall not shrink from
meeting its responsibilities.
And'here, Mr. Chairman, let me say to the hon-
orable "member from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] that I
cannot acknowledge the entire applicability to the
present issue of those British precedents which he
held up for our imitation a few days ago. Iam
not ready to admit that there is any ve'ry close
analogy between the struggle of the American col-
onies in 177G and that of the Mexicans now. Still
less analogy is there between a vote of the British
House of Commons and a vote of the American
House of Representatives. A refusal of supplies
in the Parliament of Great Britain, is, generally
speaking, equivalent to a change of Administra-
tion. No British Ministry can hold their places
in defiance of such a vote. A successful opposi-
tion to supplies in time of war, is thus almost cer-
tain to result in bringing forthwith into power a
Ministry opposed to its further prosecution; and
the kingdom is not left to encounter the dangers
which might result from a conflict, upon such a
subject, between the executive and the legislative
powers. It is not so here. No vote of Congress
can change our Administration. If it cou4d, the
present Administration would have expired on Sat-
urday last, when a tax, which they had solemnly
declared was essential to furnish them with the
sinews of war, was so emphatically denied, if it
could, the present Administration would have gone
out on Tuesday last, when their demand for a lieu-
tenant general was so unceremoniously laid on the
table. No British Mjmstry, in these days, could
have sun ived foi an hour two such signal defeats.
But our Executive is elected for a term of years,
and his Cabinet are quite independent of our votes.
A refusal of all supplies might hamper and embar-
rass an Executive, and give an enemy the ad'van-
tage of divided counsels, but could hardly enforce
a change of policy, or secure a concerted action in
favor of peace. Certainly, it does not seem to be
the mode-contemplated by our Constitution for
putting an end to a war, when it has once been
commenced. The people alone can apply the po-
tent styptic, the magical Brocchieri, for stopping the
effusion of blood, if it be the Executive will that it
shall continue to flow.' It is their prerogative to
changc the Administration; and the day is coming,
though farther off than some of us might wish,
when they will have the opportunity of exercising
it.
While, therefore, sir, I yield to no one in admi-
ration of the illustrious statesmen of Old England,
whose names have been introduced into this de-
bate—Burke, Barre, Fox, and Chatham—and honor
them especially for their noble efforts in behalf of
Anlerican rights, I do not see my way clear to
making their conduct in the British Parliament in
1776.the exact model of my own conduct here and
now. I turn rather to the example and authority
of American statesmen, hardly less distinguished
and no less worthy of admiration and imitation.
If ever there was a man of pure life, of stern integ-
rity, of exaltad patriotism, in our country, it was
John Jay; a member of the first Congress of the
United States, and the author of one of those mas-
terly papers, emanating from that body, which
called forth the well-remembered commendation of
Lord Chatham himself; the first Chief Justice of
the United States, and of whom it has been beauti-
fully said, that4' when the spotless ermine of the
judicial robe fell on John Jay, it touched nothing
not as spotless as itself." He was no friend to
war in general, or to the last war in which this
country was involved in particular. But, in wiiting
to a kindred spirit during the existence of that war,
he expressed sentiments in which I so heartily
concur that I cannot forbear reading them to the
committee:
John Jay to Timothy Pickering.
"Bedford,November 1, 1814.
u It i* not clear to me that Britain did then expect or de-
snc to conclude the wai quite so soon. As to her present
or future disposition to pcace, or how far jt has been, or may
be affected by a settled or by a still fluctuating state of things
m Europe, or by calculations of our becoming more united
or mote divided, cannot now be known. If we should
change our rulers, and fill their places witli men free fiom
blame, the ie&toration of peace might doubtless be moie
eauly accomplis-hed. Su< h a change will come; but not
while the pievailing popular delusion continues to deceive
and mislead so great a portion of our citizens.
" Things being as they are, I think we cannot be too per-
fectly united in a determination to defend om countiy, nor
be to vigilant in watching and resolutelj examining the con-
duet ot the Administration in all its departments, candidly
and openly giving decided approbation or decided censure,
according a  it may deserve the one or the other."
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my friend from Massa-
chusetts permit me to offer one word of explana-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield the floor?
Mr. WINT&ROP. Certainly, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will distinctly understand that, in so many
words, I expressed the opinion, that if the army
should be withdrawn within the legitimate limits
of the United States, there would be but one voice
in the country in favor of a war to repel invasion.
Mr. "WINTHROP. I cheerfully accord to the
gentleman from Ohio the benefit of the explana-
tion, and had not the slightest intention of casting I
any reflection upon his conduct. j
Sir, 1 concur entirely in both the propositions j
contained in the paragraph which I have just read j
from the correspondence of Mr. Jay. I think "we [
1 cannot be too pcrfcetly united m a determination i
' to defend our country," wherever that defence ;
may be involved, directly or indirectly, in this war ;
and in all other wars, and I think that 11 we can- ■
' not be too vigilant either in watching and reso- '
{ lutely examining the conduct of the Administm-
4 tion in all its departments, candidly and openly
4 giving decided approbation or decided censure, i
' according as it may deserve the one or the other;" .
for while I am not willing to class myself with i
those who are for refusing all supplies, even under ,
the present circumstances of the war in which we
are engaged; while I maintain that some piovision
must be made for the support of our armies and
the defence of our country, as long as a foreign
nation is in arms against us, declining all overtures ,
of peace, I must also disavow all sympathy with
those who proclaim their intention to sanction ail ,
the measures of the Administration, blindly and
implicitly, and to vote for whatever amount of ;
money and whatever number of men they may see
fit to demand. 1 eaimot regard such a course as i
either called for by patriotism or consistent with
principle. Still less do I acquiesce in the doctrine
which would impose.silence upon all who cannot
approve the conduct and policy of the Adminis-
tration. I have no faith in the idea that it is ne-
cessary for us to hold our peace in order that the
Executive may make peace with Mexico. I be-
lieve, on the contrary, that, if this war is ever to
be brought to'an end, it is time for those who de-
sire that consummation to speak out in language
not to be misunderstood.
Indeed, sir,*I know of nothing of less favorable
augury for the destinies of our cduntry than the
disposition which has been manifested by the Ad-
ministration and its friends to stifle inquiry, to
suppress discussion, to overawe everything~hke
free comment and criticism in regard to the war in
which we are now involved.
When any one of the vessels of our navy meets
with a disaster at sea, is wrecked in a gale, or
stranded on a lee shore, a court of inquiry is forth-
with instituted as to the circumstances of the catas-
trophe. Her officers demand it. The Govern-
ment exact it. It is considered due to the country,
as well as to all concerned, that it should be clearly
seen whether there has been any carelessness or
any culpableness on the part of any of those to
whom she has been intrusted, and, if so, who is
the guilty party.
But-now, when the ship of State itself has been
involved in the deepest disaster which can befall
her—when she has been arrested in that track of
tranquil liberty for which she was designed, and
has been plunged into the vortex of foreign war— '
we find the commander and his officers and pilots
all denouncing any investigation of their conduct, $
and imperiously demanding of the people and their
Representatives that they shall rest satisfied with
a one-sided ex parte vindication of their acts and
motives. All denial, all doubt of the supreme
wisdom and consummate justice of their conduct
is boldly condemned from the very quarter-deck
itself, not without ominous glances at the yard-
arm; and those who honestly entertain misgivings
as to their course are called upon to close their
hps, or to submitjto the base imputation of u giving
aid and comfort to the enemy."
Sir, if this be an evidence of the progress of
Democracy, it can only be of that sort of Democ-
racy which is to find its legitimate goal m despot-
ism. If such a doctrine is to receive the sanction
of this House, we had better resort to the old
custom of the British Parliament, and send our
Speaker, at the opening of every Congress, to the
President, to beg that he will graciously grant to
his most faithful Commons the privilege of free
debate. Nay, we might as well resort at once to
the old Roman practice in time of war, and invest
our Chief Magistrate with the irresponsible pre-
rogative of the Dictatorship, and leave him alone
to take carc that the republic receives no detriment.
We are gravely told that we may question the
policy and justice of an Administration in time of
peace as much as we please; but that when we are
engaged in war, all such questioning is unpatriotic
and treasonable. So, then, Mr. Chairman, if the
rulers of our republic shall content themselves with
some ordinary measure of misconduct, with some
cheap and vulgar misdemeanor, the people may
airaign and impeach them to their heart's content.
But let them only lift themselves boldly to the per-
petration of a flagrant crime, let them only dare to
commit the very worst act of which they are ca-
pable, and they are to find th^ir impunity in the
very enormity of their conduct, and are to be safely
screened behind the mountain of their own mis-
doing !
This, sir, is the length to which the President
has gone m his message. This is the length to
which gentlemen have followed him on this floor.
Be it, say thejr, that this war is, in your judgment,
wholly unjustifiable; be it that it has been com-
menced by Executive assumption and usurpation;
be it that it is prosecuted in a manner utterly in-
consistent with the Constitution of our country;
yet, as it is a war, and for the very reason that it
is this monstrous wrong, you must not open your
hps; you must not express or intimate opposition
or discontent; you must not inquire, discuss or do
anything but vote supplies for its vigorous prose-
cution. The enemy will hear you, and will derive
"aid and comfort from your conduct, and you
yourselves will be guilty of treason.
Sir, I say, let the enemy hear—let the enemy
