146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
tive. Money, we all know, cannot be wrung from
her in any large sums. What little she mia;ht have
had to pay to " our much injured citizens," we are
daily exhausting by compelling her to employ it in
defending her own soil. Why, sir, tin.* attempt to
extort indemnities from Mexico by force of arms i
reminds one of an old story of ancient Greece.
Themistocles, it seems, besieged the. island of
Andros, and called upon the inhabitants to pay
tribute. He told them that the Athenians had two
great gods, to whom they ought to yield immediate
submission. One of these gods was Persuasion and
the other Compulsion. But the Andnans answered j
that they also had two gods: that one of them was j
Poverty and the other Impracticability; and that J
they could not^md would not pay him any tribute j
money. They added that his power could never !
surpass theirpowerlessness. j,
Now, this seems to be about the state of things ,'j
between us and Mexico, so far at least as money
is concerned. I do not know but that we might
regard her as having at least three of these heathen
deities, and add the fever—el xomilo—to poverty
and impracticability. <
But she has territory, and this is the sort of in-
demnity that we desire. This, indeed, it is now
quite too evident, has been the great object of the
whole Executive movement. Nobody can read
the documents connected with this war, and espe-
cially those transmitted to us m answer to the call
of my honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Da-
vis,] without seeing that, from first to last, before
the war and since, Mexican territory has been the !
great object of the Administration. It is hardly
too much to say that, had there been no California,
there would have been no war. As far back as
June 24, 1845, we find the purpose of securing this
possession as the result of a possible war, plainly
disclosed in the confidential correspondence of the
Navy Department. After the war had once com-
menced, it is thus boldly avowed in a despatch of
July 12,1846:
"The object of the Umt d States, is., umlur iK rights a« a
belligerant nation, to possess iurfi" entirely of !;tip :r Cali-
fornia."
And again:
« The object or the United States has refeionce to ulti-
mata peace with Mexico; and it', at tliat ppaco, the basis of
the  tt possrdelts shall be established, the Government ex-
pects, through your forces, to lie found in actual possession
of Upper California.'?
^ Now, sir, I am not about to depreciate the de- j
sirablencss to the commerce of our couutiy of a
good harbor or two on the Pacific ocean. If a
strip of California could bo added to our Oregon
possessions, under proper circumstances and with
the general consent of the Country, f should be one
of the last persons to object to it. But the idea
that it is worthy of us to' take advantage of this
war to wrest it from Mexico by force of arms, and
to protract the war until she will consent to cede
it to us by a treaty of peace, [ utterly repudiate.
It is this lust of territory, Mr Chairm m, which
has given occasion to this war, and which now
pioposes to prosecute the war with renewed vigor.
It is an appetite which grows by what it fecds°on.
Texas seems only to have furnished a whet for our
voracity. It was but the stimulating lunch to pre-
pare us for a more substantial meal. Sheridan, m
the Rivals, I think—my classical friend from South
Carolina [Mr. I. E. Holmes] will correct me if I
a™ wrong—thought it a very good joke to make
Mrs. Malaprop say that « she would have the
' y°ung lady instructed in geometry, in older that
' she might know something of the contagious coun-
tries. Ihe joke has lost its point for us. J[t
seems as if all contiguous countries were ^oino-10
be contagious to us, and as if we should soon be
ready to adopt the language of another character
in the same celebrated play, who said to his son
" Don t enter the same hemisphere with me- don't
' dare to breathe the same air or use the same !i«-hf
' but get an atmosphere and a sun of your own!" '
Meantime, Mr. Chairman, while we are pursu-
ing this wild career of national extension and
aggrandizement, what has become of that peace
which we were to have "conquered " three months
ago. Sir, it seems to be further off from us at this
moment than ever before. Whatever dallam ar-
mies and brave generals could do to secure it, has
been done already. Cities have been captured;
fortresses have been stormed; plains have been
stiewed with the dying and the dead; rivers have
been reddened with blood! But where is peace?
At the end of what vista, however distant, do we
| see that promised and precious blessing? If I
j believed that any amount of military force weie
| necessary to establish peace at this moment, I
should be half inclined to give the Executive all,
and more than all, that he could ask. But, in my
judgment, no peace is to be acquired in the way
this bill proposes to acquire it. we may conquer
more armies; we may overrun more tenitory; we
may " make a solitude and call it peace;" but
peace, in any true sense of that term, will still elude
our pursuit. We shall find no Government to
make peace with, and no people who will conform
to the stipulations of any Government. The peace
which such bills as this will give us, will be like
that which France hasconqueied in Algiers. That
war commenced in 1829, and Fiance now a
hundred thousand soldiers on the Algerme soil to
secure her barren conquest. This may do very
well for Fiance, who desires a training-field for
her standing armies: but it will never, never do for
tii is republic.
And where, too, is to be our domestic peace, if
this policy is to be pursued? According to the
President's plan of obtaining: "ample indemnity
for the expenses of the war," the longer the war
lasts, and the more expensive it is made, the more
territory we shall require to indemnify us. Every
dolidr of appropriation for this war is thus the pur-
chase-money of more acres of Mexican soil. Who
knows how much of Chihuahua, and Coahuila,
and New Leon, and Durango, it will take to re-
munerate us for the expenses of these ten regi-
ments of regulars, who are to be enlisted for five
years? And to what end are we thus about to add
acre to acre and fleid to field ? To furnish] the sub-
ject of that great domestic stable which has already
been foreshadowed in this debate!
Mr. Ohaiiman, I have 110 time to discuss the
subjcct of slavery on this occasion, nor should I
desire to discuss it in this connexion if I had more
time. But I must not omit a few plain woids 011
the momentous issue which has now been raised.
I speak for Massachusetts.—I believe I speak the
sentiments of al! New England, and of many other
States out of New England, when I say, that,
upon this question, our minds are made up. So
far as we have power—constitutional or moral
power—to control political events, we are resolved
that there shall be no further extension of the ter-
ritory of this Union subject to the institutions of
slavery. This is not a matter to argue about with
us. My honorable fuend from 'Georgia [Mr.
TouMBsj must paidon me if I do not enter into
any question with him whether such a policy be
equal 01* just. It may be that the North does not
consider the institution of slavery a fit thing to be
the subject of equal distribution or nice weighing in
the balances. I cannot agree with him that the
South gains nothing by the Constitution but the
right to reclaim fugitives. Surely he has forgotten
that slavery is the basis of representation in this
Mouse.
But t do not intend to argue the case. I wish to deal
with it calmly, but explicitly. I believe the North
is ready to stand by the Constitution, with all its
compromises, as it now is. I do not intend, more-
over, to throw out any threats of disunion, what-
ever may be the result. I do not intend, now or
ever, to contemplate disunion as a cure for any im-
aginable evil. At the same time, I do not intend
to be driven from a firm expression of purpose, and
a steadfast adherence to principle, by any threats
of disunion from any other quarter. The people
of New England, whom I have any privilege to
speak for, do not desire, as I understand their
views—I know my own heart and my own princi-
ples, and can at least speak for them—to gain one
foot of territoiy by conquest, and as the result of
the prosecution of the war with Mexico. I do not
believe that even the abolitionists of the North—
though I am one of the last persons who would be
entitled to spenk their sentiments—would be un-
willing to be found in combination with southern
gentlemen who may see fit to espouse this doctrine.
We desire peace. We believe that this war ought
never to have been commenced, and we do not wish
to have it made the pretext for plundering Mexico
of one foot of her lands. But if the war is to be
prosecuted, and if territories are to be conquered
and annexed, we shall stand fast, and forever, to
the principle, that, so far as we are concerned, these
territories shall be the exclusive abode of freemen.
Mr. Chairman, peace, peace is the grand com-
promise of this question between the North and
the South. Let the President abandon all schemes
of further conquest. Let him abandon his plans
of pushing his forccs to the heart of Mexico. Now
before any revetses have been experienced by the
American arms, he can do so with the highest honor.
Let him exhibit a spirit of magnanimity towards a
weak and distracted neighbor. Let him make dis-
tinct proclamation of the terms on which he is ready
to negotiate; and let those terms be such qs shall
involve no injustice towards Mexico, and engender
no sectional strife among ourselves. But, at all
events, let him tell us what those terms are to be.
A proclamation of Executive purposes is essential
to any legislative or any national harmony. The
North ought to know them; the South ought to
know them; the whole country ought to under-
stand for what ends its blood and treasure are to
be expended. It is high time that some specific
terms of accommodation were proclaimed to Con-
gress, to Mexico, and to the world. If they be
reasonable, no man will hesitate to unite in sup-
plying whatever means may be necessary for en-
forcing them.
And now, sir, what is the precise bill before us?
It is a bill to increase the standing army of the
country by the addition of ten new regiments of a
thousand men each. It has no relation to the pres-
ent support or relief of our army and volunteeis
now in Mexico. These regiments cannot by any
possibility be recruited under a year or a year and
a half. The report of the Adjutant General, dated
5th December last, distinctly shows this. He states
that " the recruiting service has been pushed with
vigor," and then proceeds to give us the results.
He says: " The whole number of men enlisted
' from the 1st of October, 1845, to the 30th of Sep-
' tember, 1846, is 5,945; being an excess of 2,388
' over the previous year. The number enlisted in
' October and November, and to^be enlisted in De-
j ' cember, may be put down at 1,500."
If only 1,500 can be enlisted in three months,
with u this vigorous pushing," it is plain that it
will take a year to enlist 6,000, and another half
year to complete the ten regiments. But it will
take a much longer time than this.
The authorized regular force, at this moment, is
10,998, or, deducting the commissioned officers,
j 16,218. But the whole rank and file of the army,
notwithstanding the "vigorous pushing" of the
recruiting service, could only be computed at 10,000
on the 31st of December last.
There are thus more than 6,000 men still So be
enlisted under existing authority, which, accord-
ing to the estimates of the Adjutant General, will
require a full year, and thus postpone the comple-
tion of these new regiments to two years and a half
from the present time.
It is plain, therefore, that these new regiments
are called for with no reference to any immediate
exigencies, but only in contemplation of future
distant service and a protracted war.
The President has already m the field 24,984
men. Of these, 8,413 are regulars, and 16,511
volunteers. He has already enlisted 1,500 more
regulars, and aboul9,000 11101 e volunteeis, making
an aggregate force of about 36,000. He has au-
thority, under existing laws, to increase the icgu-
lar force to 17,000, and the volunteers to 50,000,
making an aggregate force of 67,000 men. And
now he calls for authority to raise 10,000 more of
regulars. To what end is this vast airay of mili-
tary power? The enlistment is to be during the
war, or for five years! It cannot be completed
under a year and a half or two years! What
visions of protracted conflict do these facts unfold!
The proviso of the bill authorizes the President
to appoint the officers of these ten regiments du-
ling the recess of Congress, and to repoit them to
the Senate at their next session. This proviso
proves that these regiments are not expected to be
in readiness for any present support or relief of the
troops in Mexico. The officers ate not to be ap-
pointed until Congress has adjourned. What a
power is this to confer on the President! No-
body can imagine that the Senate can exercise any
effective check upon appointments so made, and
when the officers are once at their posfs. Four or
five hundred commissions, of all grades, from
brigadier generals down to lieutenants, are thus to
be placed in the hands of the President. How
many of them are to be dangled in the eyes of
members of this House, with "a view of carrying
measures which seem now to meet with no partic-
ular favor, remains to be seen.
