148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
not prepared altogether to see such a proposition !
coming from that side of the House. It seemed
to imply a want of faith in the President which he
(Mr. T.) did not suspect in such a quarter, if it
was intended to garrison the country, the regular
soldier was the best adapted for the service. The
volunteer would not like to be cooped up in a gar-
rison. He was thus led again to speak of the
character and object of the war. It was begun as
a defensive war against an attempted invasion of
the country. So far as the repulsion of that inva-
sion was concerned, the end of the war had been
accomplished. They had driven the Mexican
forces from their boundaries. He did not suppose
that now a single Mexican soldier could be found
within two hundred miles of the American forces
in Mexico. But what other objects were there?
The indemnification of American citizens for Mexi-
can outrages, so far as that indemnification could be
procured, as well as for the expense of the war, so
unjustly brought upon them by Mexico. Did
they expect by a further invasion of Mexico to
compel her to make peace? They had seized upon
her territories already. They had enough to in-
demnify them. They had the Californias, New
Mexico, Chihuahua, and Tamaulipas. They had
abundant of that territory in their possession now
to indemnify them. He held war to be entirely
unjustifiable, except as an act of necessity. The
war was not necessary to defend our territory.
There was no dangerof further invasion, nor was
there any necessity for seizing upon more territo-
ry, as indemnification for their citizens who had
been plundered, on the country which had been
put to the expenses of the war. Why not, then,
stand as they were? Why not stop the effusion
of blood, by fortifying the possessions already ac-
quired, and declaring to Mexico, " We have now
expelled you from our territory, we have seized
upon your terntoiy, enough to indemnify us for
the expenses of the war which you Inue thiust
upon us, and now we are ready to treat with you
for an honorable peace. We are ready to surren-
der this territory if you will give us security for
the indemnification of our citizens and Govern-
ment, and if you do not, we are prepared to
hold the territory, until you make a treaty of
peace. We will blockadc your ports." If that
course were taken, these additional regiments
were necessary. He was not one of those wil-
ling to prosecute the war for the acquisition
of territory unjustly, nor did he believe that there
was a member on his side of the House wil-
ling to do so. He did not speak of the President,
because, as lie had already remarked, he was en-
tirely under their orders, and mm* obliged to prose-
cute the war under tlu:ir direction. He (Mr. T.)
w-ould not take one foot of Mexico without paying
a fair equivalent. Nor was it desirable that they
should possess any of that territory, in view of the
slave question, which gentlemen were now raising
up in that House. He knew very well that there
was not a southern member who would violate the
Missouri compromi.se, in order to acquiie tem-
tory, and he would be very much sui priced if the
people of the North, if any one of them, would be
willing to violate that compromise for the sake of
acquiring additional territory. If the question of
slavery were to be inseparably bound up with that
of the acquisition of territory, it would not be de-
sirable to have any more territory. Upon the sub-
ject of boundary, it would be desirable for them to
fix it by adopting the great mountain barrier. He
did not think that the Rio Grande was a proper
boundary of a nation, but he would not take afoot
of land beyond it without just compensation. But
if the slave States were to'be surrounded by d cor-
don of free grates—if the South were to be told
that m acquiring territory for which their blood
was to be spilled and their treasure expended, they
were realizing benefits m which they were to'haxe
no share, he was opposed to carrying on the war
on any such terms. Where (he asked) was the
justice in excluding the South from territory for
which they were now fighting shoulder to shoulder
with their northern brethren, and to which it was
not probable that any man would ever take slaves.
If they were to be surrounded by a wail, shuttmo-
ont every avenue of escape, then, he for one saiiT,
the sooner their armies retired (he better.
He had thus adverted in a very desultory man-
ner to these points, and if he wrote out his speech,
according to the custom of many there, though he
did not know that his remarks were worthy of that
trouble, he might go into these various questions i
at length. He had one word to say, before he sat? j
down, to the honoiable gentleman from Georgia, 1
who was so anxious to tax tea and coffee. He ,
(Mr. T.) was not afraid to tax the people of this j
country upon any just principle, but he regarded a
tax upon tea and coffee as unjust. He would
make a proposition, and ask the Clerk to read it, i
expressive of his view of the best policy with re- j
gard to taxation at this time. \
[The Clerk then read the following amendment !
to the bill, which he proposed to offer when it ,
should be in order: !
" And be it further enact,eJ, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, and until the conclusion ot the war with i
Mexico, there thai! be levied, collected, and paid, cn all I
goods, wa.es, and merchandise subject to the payment of !
dunes by the net entitled cAn act reducing the duty on i
iinpous, and foi other purposes,' approved July 1846, a !
duty or five per centum ad valorem, in addition to the duties '
imposed by said act."]
That would bring in five millions; and if that
were not enough, let them tax the vices of the
country. The manufacture and sale of liquors by
the tariff of 1846 was protected one hundred per
cent. Instead of putting that large amount of pro-
tection into the pockets of the manufacturers and
retailers, let them pass a direct tax upon these
spirituous and vinous liquors, and not tax tea and
coffee—the labor, in fact, of the poor women and
children of the country. Let them tax the pleas-
me-cavriages and their gold and silver plate. [A
voice: "That's demagoguism."] Gentlemen said
that that was demagoguism. Well, what was it
to tax the poor and let the rich go iiee> He dis-
claimed all such charges of demagoguism. It was
well known that it was his (Mr. T.'s) purpose to
retire info private life at the close of the present
Congress, and he saw nothing to change his deter-
mination. Whatground, then, was there for such
a charge against him? If that tax which he had
proposed was not sufficient, and the chancellor of
the exchequer, [Mr. McKay,] near him, could not
get money enough, why, then, let them tax the
money-lenders themselves. Let them pay the
money to carry on the war. Those were his sen-
timents.
Mr. L1G0N then said: I rise, Mr. Chairman,
not so much with an intention to discuss the merits
of the bill now under consideration, as to make a
few remarks in relation to the war now existing
between this country and the military government
i of Mexico. By so doing, while I may not hope
j to change the deliberate action contemplated to lie
[ taken by others, I yet do hope to vindicate the
! ^tesl lia\e given, nnd which I may hereaftergive,
| upon lulls to furnish men and means with which
; to carry on the war into which the United States
! have been forced by Mexico. If this war is, so
! far as the United States are concerned, just, right,
j and proper, my vote ought to be given for all
j well-digested and judicious bills that provide for
' conducting it to a speedy and satisfactory conclu-
sion. if, on the contiary, the war is not just—is
not right nor proper, my vote ought to be given
for measures that would at once terminate hostili-
ties, and make ample reparation to a wronged and
injuicd neighbor; foi to do right and avoid wrong
is as much the duty of States as of individuals. I
have found it difficult, Mr. Chairman, to obtain
my own consent to trespass upon the time and
courtesy of the House. Hut, sir, believing it to be
due to myself,as well as to those who have honored
me with a seat upon tins floor, to state the facts
which have influenced my judgment, and to state
them here, where alone they can be officially con-
troverted, if erroneous, 1 shall proceed, with an
unalfected distrust of my ability to do justice to
the subject, to discharge what I have conceived to
be my duty, in as biief a manner as possible con-
sistent with the importance of the subjects to be
investigated.
I £ was not surprised to hear, at the opening of
tins session, severe criticisms upon the principles
< and measures of the President's messno-p, and
! upon the financial policy of the present Adminis-
tration. For such criticism events had prepared
] me. The speech of a distinguished member of
; Congress at the other end of the Capitol, in which
; the expenses of our Government, civil and mili-
: tary, were estimated at the enormous sum of half
; a million a day; the eloquent predictions so often
: made upon this floor of the pecuniary disasters
1 and commercial levulsions that would surely befall
this country, and paralyze its energies, all having
their origin and cause in the revenue measures
adopted by Congress duiing its last session, had
led me to suppose that a rigid and severe exami-
nation into subjects of this character would, at an
early day, occupy the attention of this body.
Such a course, of debate could not have occasioned
either surprise or regret on the part of the friends
of the Administration, here or elsewhere. A se-
vere scrutiny is rather to be courted than shunned
by all honest Governments, and especially when a
new financial era had commenced, and its work-
ings, present and prospective, were just causes of
anxiety, fair subjects of inquiry, of discussion,
and of difference of opinion. But, sir, 1 must be
permitted to expiess my surprise at the tone and
sphit which have characteiized the debates of this
House upon the Mexican war, and more especial-
ly the declaration of amemberfrom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hudson,] that " it' any of our revolutionary
( patriots were upon this floor; if they stood here
s representing any portion of the people, north or
; ( south, and my friend over the way, the chairman
! ' of the Committee on Military Affairs, should
! 1 come forward, in the name of the President, and
! ' ask for an increase of the army, or a new levy
: ' of volunteers, to prosecute such a icar as this, any
i ' one of them would say to him, as the stern old
i 4 Roman said to the emissary of Cresar—
j ' Bid liim disband his legions,' &.e."
! This language, sir, so far as I am informed, has
j met with no favoiable response from any member
: of this House, or from any portion of the country.
: Persons there may be who subscribe to the opinion
. and approve the sentiment, but with such I have not
' met. On thecontrary, I believe the great body of the
; people of this country repudiate both. To say, sir,
, that the old revolutionary patriots, if raised from
the dead and sent by their countrymen to this Hall,
, if called upon by the President of the United States
| to supply him with an increased force to prosecute
I the war against Mexico to a happy conclusion,
j would withhold supplies; would bid him disband
1 the army until they could discuss the justice and
; propriety of the war; to suppose that such men as
; Washington, and Greene, and Putnam, and Mari-
! on, and Sumter, and Howard, and the thousands
; of gallant and chivalrous heroes that grace our
; revolutionary annals, would be found ata time like
! this, embarrassing the military arm of that country
I for which they periled "their lives, their fortunes,
i and their sacred honor," is to do the most flagrant
i injustice to the memory of the dead, and to "trifle
1 with our most sacred and patriotic recollections.
. Can any one believe, sir, that if any of those illus-
■ trious men were now alive, and in this Hall, they
| would either speak or vote in favor of withholding
i supplies of cither men or money " to prosecute
I such a war as this," or that they would advise the
! Government to halt in their position, and recall
! our army? On the contrary, they would both speak
I and vote in favor of liberally and promptly giving
, both; and instead of embarrassing the military
' operations of the Government, they would rather
■ seek soldiers' graves amid the chaparrals and
. mountain fastnesses of Mexico.
| Sir, whilst I greatly admire that courage which
. boldly holds every Administration of our Govern-
; mentto ajustand severe responsibility for all its acts,
I believe that in a time like this, when our strength
, must consist in united counsels and vigorousaction,
i I cannot too strongly reprobate, that whole class of
opinions of which the declaration of the gentleman
j from Massachusetts is a specimen. Thev are based
- upon the sands of party, not on the rock of pafri-
' otism. Their'aim tends rather to the success of a
| prevailing faction than the elevation of a common-
wealth. They look for the overthrow of an Ad-
: ministration, instead of the promotion of the honor
; and glory of a republican people.
: _ Before entering, as 1 propose to do, upon a brief
historical analysis of the relations heretofore and
now existing between the United States and Mexi-
co, I feel it incumbent on me to say, that, after
having listened with some attention to most of the
speeches that have been delivered on both sides of
this Hall, and read or glanced at the contents of
the documents and reports made to the House upon
the subject of the war%with Mexico, from its very
commencement, I must say, with all sincerity, that
if this war is unjust, wrong, wicked, or unprovoked,
I have failed utterly, and most unaccountably, to
find the evidence of*the fact. On the contrary, 1
do firmly and most honestly believe our cause is
just, and our country in the right; and before I
