1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
take my seat, I will endeavor to demonstrate, to ;|
the satisfaction of every gentleman who shall pay
me the compliment of an attentive listening, that \\
my opinions have not been formed without a con-
siderate reference to the facts of the case, as shown i\
by the diplomatic records of our Government. Sir, ' i
as one of the Representatives of Maryland upon ij
this floor, when I reflect upon the achievements of J
her sons upon the battle-fields of Mexico, I am free I
to 8dmit that nothing could be more painful to me ;
than to be made to believe, by some new, strange, ;
and unexpected revelations, that our country ivas
in the wrong; that the brave and accomplished !
Ringgold—the intrepid and impetuous Watson— '
the chivalric Rid^ely, the Murat of the army—the j
young, but heroic Thomas, and many others less ;
prominent, but not less brave, had generously of- '
fered up their lives, not to advance the honor and :
glory, not to promote the interests, or to perpetu- :
ate the power of their country, but to advance the ,
interests of a faction, or to render successful an in-
trigue or a speculation. If it were true " that our 1
country was in the wrong," 1 would hold him mine I
enemy who would thus teach me—who would not '
only thus teach me, but teach the widows and \
orphans of the gallant slain, that they were the
widows and orphans, not of heroes, to be honored
"while time endures, but the deluded victims of an
Administration devoid alike of honor and of re-
morse. No, sir; nothing but evidence the most
conclusive should now, at this late day, be permit-
ted to so change my opinions, as to render their
services less valuable. Never will any true son of
hers allow the bright lustre of her jewels to be, by
their neglect or action, less clear, but will labor to
preserve them as fresh, as undimmed and sparkling
as the "valley of diamonds." I thank Grod, sir,
that thus far there is neither spot nor blemish to mar
her beautiful and time-honored escutcheon. She has
done herwholeduty, but is not wearied. Her losses
have been greater than those sustained by any other
State; but she complains not. True, the knell of
her lost ones upon the bloody banks of the Rio
Grande has reached her ear, and fallen heavily
upon her heart, but there remains to her other gal-
lant spirits, fired by a love of country, and filled
with a noble spirit of emulation, ready and burn-
ing to take the places of those who fell. Call upon
them, sir, they are anxious for service; the terrors
of the chaparral and of stone fortresses shall not
alarm, nor shall the horrors of the mountain pass,
or the scorching deserts of California, appal them.
But, sir, to proceed: How did it happen—by
whose fault was it, that the United States are now
at war with Mexico ? Was it the fault (if fault it
is) of the United States? Mexico declared war
against the United States, and commenced war
against the United States, before our Government
declared war, and before it commenced hostilities.
The first blow was struck by the republic of Mexi-
co. Mexico declared war against the United
States several weeks before the United States de-
clared war against Mexico. Mexico declared war
against the United States before her own troops
commenced actual hostilities, unless the murdering
of Colonel Cross and Lieutenant Porter may be so
considered; whereas the United States did not de-
clare war until after Mexico had commenced regu-
lar hostilities. But, Mr. Chairman, as in this
matter facts are better than asseitions, and as dates
have become important to a correct understanding
of this subject, I will cite, from the public docu-
ments of our country, certain facts and dates,
which, to my mind, are entirely determinative of
the question, as to the responsibility of this war.
And I invite any gentleman to correct me if I
make an error, as I aim to be strictly and exactly
correct: for the fame of the dead and the honor of
the living are aUke involved in the inquiries I have
pursuedand the results which I am about to state.
To proceed with the order of events:
1st. The Mexican Minister of Foieign Affairs,
on the 5th of October, 1845, agreed to "receive an
4 Envoy from the United States, intrusted with
£ full powers to adjust all the questions in dispute
( between the two Governments."—(See House
Document 19fi, 9, 1st session *29th Congress.)
2d. On the 10th of November, 1845, Mr. John
Slidell was commissioned as such Envoy, and
arrived at Vera Cruz on the 30th of the same
month.—(See same Document, p. 2.)
3d. " On the 21st of December, 1845," Mexico
"refused to accredit Mr. Slidell upon the most
frivolous pretexts."—(See same Document, p. 2.)
4th. " On the 13th of January, 1846, instruc-
i tions were issued to General Taylor to occupy
' the left bank of the Del Norte."—(See same Doc.
page 4.)
5th. "The army moved on the 11th of March,
' 1846, and on the 28th of that month, arrived on
4 the left bank of the Del Norte, opposite to Mata-
1 moros," "under positive instructions to abstain
' from all aggressive acts towards Mexico, or
' Mexican citizens; and to regard the relations
' between that republic and the United Slates as
'peaceful, unless she should declare war, or com-
* mit acts of hostility indicative of a state of war."
—(See Ho. Doc. 196, p. 4, ls/sess. 29th Cong.)
6th. " The Mexican forces at Matamoros as-
4 sumed a belhgerant attitude, and, on the 12th of
' April, 1846, General Ampudia, then in command,
' notified General Taylor to break up his camp
' within twenty-four hours, and to retire beyond
' the Nueces river; and, in the event of his failure
hostility against u*—to oppose war to the enemy which
wars upon us."
How did General Arista act when he received
these orders of the Mexican President? Why, sir,
President Polk tells us, that on the 24th of April,
General Arista informed General Taylor that "he
considered hostilities commenced, ana should pros-
j ecute them !" This was before a blow had been
! struck; before a life had been lost by eitherparty;
! before the Americans had crossed the Rio Grande
| into Mexico; and before it was known that the
! Mexicans had crossed the Rio Grande into Texas.
And that same day General Arista ordered the
attack upon Captain Thornton, within the territory
of Texas. Now, sir, I am one of those who be-
lieve that Paredes, having reached power through
vainglorious promises of expelling the North
Americans from Texas, and driving them across
the Sabine, issued his orders to Ampudia and
j Arista to invade Texas, and to commence hostili-
to comply with these demands, announced that j! ties upon the United States, prior to his having
' ' ' " 1 heard of General Taylor's arrival upon the Rio
Grande. If ever those orders see the light they
will, in my humble opinion, justify this supposi-
tion. For General Taylor only reached the Rio
Grande on the 28th of March. General Arista
evidently received from Paredos his orders to cross
the river, and to attack the Americans several days
before he notified General Taylor that (i he con-
sidered hostilities commenced and should prose-
cute them;" for he had crossed and stationed his
troops, and attacked Thornton, at the very time
his courier was serving his notification upon Gene-
ral Taylor. Now, the notice was sent to General
Taylor on the 24th April—the news of General
Taylor's arrival opposite the town of Matamoros
on the 28th of March, could scarcely have been
conveyed to Mexico, been deliberated upon, and
orders sent back to Matamoros several days before
'arms, and arms alone, must decide the question."
—(Sec samt Doc-, p. 4 )
7th. On tfce 23d of April, 184G, President Pa-
redes issued, at the National Palace in Mcxico,
the Mexican declaration of war against the United
States.—(See House report of Committee on Foreign
Affairs, M. 752, pp. 48, 50, vol. 4, 1845-'6.)
8th. On the 24th day of April, 1846, " General
{ Arista, who had succeeded to the command of
4 the Mexican forces, communicated to General
4 Taylor that he considered hostilities commenced,
4 and should prosecute them."—(See Ho. Doc. 196,
p. 4.) Up to this date, the American forces had
committed no hostile act. Yet, on that same day
that that notice was given, a large body of Mexican
troops, which had previously crossed over the Rio
Grande into Texas,attacked adetachmentof Gen
eral Taylor's army, consisting of sixty-three dra
goons, commanded by Captain Thornton, killed i! the 24th of April! No, sir, no. Those orders to
1 1 ■ - • -1" 1 ■; march into Texas and levy war, in all human
j probability, were issued at Mexico sometime be-
fore thegtews of the arrival of General Taylor
1 upon the western confines of Texas was known in
; that city. I have no doubt that time will attest the
| truth of what is now but supposition.
! And now, sir, let mc inquire, after having proved
beyond controversy that, even if the United States
]j had commenced this war, they were provoked
: I thereto, and justified therein, by the rude rejection
of an Envoy whom the Mexican authorities had
promised to receive; after having proved that the
war was first proclaimed, and actual hostilities first
commenced, by Mexico, and that, too, according
to all reasonable probability, before the Mexican
authorities were officially informed of the arrival
of General Taylor upon the north bank of the Rio
Grande, what becomes of those charges that this
war was commenced, or provoked, or designedly
brought on, by the President—that this is a Presi-
dent's war—a war of such a character that revo-
lutionary patriots would demand an immediate
disbanding of our armies, if they were alive and
in Congress—a war for the acquisition of territory,
an aggressive war, to subserve slave interests?
The charge against the President, and against
■ 1 Congress, is evidently and palpably unjust; our
|j country, thank God, is not " in the wrong;" but
n our cause is just, our conduct defensible, and our
honor unsullied. And, sir, 1 am most happy in
being able to say to you, that in Maryland, there
'r/r  +1,^
and wounded sixteen, and captured the remainder.
•—-(See Ho. Doc., 196, pp. 4, 5.)
9th. Three or four days after the attack upon and
capture of Captain Thornton's command, to wit,
on the 28th of April, 1S46, Captain Walker and
twenty-four Texas rangers killed the first Mexi-
cans that were slain in this war. On that day, i
Captain Walker and the twenty-four rangers were ;
attacked in the chaparral, on their way from Point j
Isabel to the camp of General Taylor, by fifteen ;
hundred Mexicans, the result of which was, that, j
after killing many Mexicans, and losing six of his i
own men, Captain Walker and the remainder of j
his slender force escaped. Captain Walker's party '
slew the first Mexicans, and that in self-defence. |
In proof of this, see report of Committee on For- !
eign Affairs, No. 752, H. R., 1st sess. 29th Cong, j
Mexican blood was next drawn at Palo Alto,
May 8, 1846, by the Americans, after the Mexi- :
cans began to cannonade General Taylor; the bleed- i
ing was continued the next day at Resaca de la |
Palma. j
10th. The President recommended a declaration j
of war against Mcxico in a message to Congress, j
dated May 11th, 1846; and war was accordingly
declared by the Congress of the United States to
exist by the act of Mexico.
The above are the leading facts. They establish
beyond the power of successful controversy, that
Mexico committed the first acts of hostility, that
Mexico struck the first blow, and that that blow was
struck upon American ground. The documents also \ is no difference of opinion as to the propriety of
prove most conclusively that Mexico declared war .. vigorously prosecuting this war to an honorable
hostilities had been commenced by either ; and early conclusion. In this, at least, all agree.
upon v..w  - - „
Captain Thornton, until the 24th of the same
month. Before leaving this branch of my subject,
1 wish to state the fact, Mr. Chairman, that the
Mexican authorities, after agreeing to receive an
ciared war against the United States, and com-
menced actual hostilities prior to the commission
of any aggiessive act upon the part of the troops
of the United States, as it appears to me every
informed and candid mind must admit, the next
! envov to adiust all difficulties, and after refusing    ... #
to receivc such envoy when appointed, deliber- ,1 and important inquiry that arises is, What caused
I ;°elv resolved on levying war up"" the United Mexico to declare war, and levy it upon the
States- and that resolution was formed prior to the United States? This is best answered by refer-
! commission of any hostile act by either party. ence to Mexican documents, and thecoiiespomience
1 Let me prove this very important fact so plainly : | of our diplomatic agents. The admission of J. exas
i and so clearly that no man shall be able to elude , into the Union, though as independent a nation as
fts force Bv referring to page 50 of House Re- ii Mexico itself, was protested against as a cause of
1 nnri- No 752 1st session 2?th Congress, I learn :! tear, by Mexico, in advance. TJponitsconsumnia-
fhat Frmdent Paredes in his manifesto of April !• tion, & was Protested agamst by Almonte, their
83d to the Mexican nation, says: | Minister The
era fron^erw'aeUn army^fhich is in i> ^passage of the act of annexation, denounced
