150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
the union of Texas with the United States as a
cause of war. Immediately after the annexation
took place, the Mexican Minister withdrew from
this country. This step was dictated and sanc-
tioned by his Government, and all diplomatic in-
tercourse between the two countries was suspend-
ed by its orders in March, 1845. In September,
1845, the President of the United States sought,
through our consul in Mexico, to reestablish a
friendly intercourse with Mexico. The transactions
which grew out of this effort to prevent war are
thus detailed by Mr. Castillo y Lanzas, Minister
of Foreign Relations, in his letter of March 12,
1846, to Mr. Siidell:
"The consul of the United States, in this capital, ad-
dressed on the 13tli of Oetobei, to the then Minister of For-
eign Relations, a confidential note, whi-iem, rofciripg to
what he 3iad previously stated to the Minister m an Inter-
view of the same character, says:
<*'< At the tune of the suspension of the diplomatic roJa-
'tions between the two countries, General Almonte was as-
i sured ot the desire felt by the Pievident to adjust amicably !
4 every cause of complaint between the Governments, and
< to cultivate the kindest ami mo-n friendly relations hptween
4 the sister republics. He &till continues" to be animated by
e the same sentiments, lie desires that all existing uifferen-
i ces should be terminated amicably, by negotiation, and not
i by the sword.
'"Actuated by these sentiments, the President has direct-
ed me to instruct you, in the absence of any diplomatic
4 agent in Mexico, to asceitain from the Mexican Govorn-
4 menl whether they would receive an envoy from the Uni-
4 ted States, intrusted with full power to adjust all the quvs-
4 tions in dispute between the two Government*. Should
4 the answer be in the affirmative, such an envoy wjM be
4 immediately despatched to Mexico.5
"To this the Ministry now in the charge of the under- !
signed, replied on the loth of the same month, 'that, al- i
4 though the nation is gravely offended by that of the United
4 States, by reason of the acts committed by the latter to-
< wards the department of Texas, the properly oJ the former,
< my Government is dnpo<ed to rcceive the commissioner
4 who may come from the United States to this capital, with ;
4 full powers from hid Government to arrange, in a pacific 1
ted States to evacuate Texas, and dismiss it from
the Union or fight. This appears to have been so
understood by Mr. Siidell, for he says in reply:
Mr. Siidell to Mr. Castillo.
" Jalapa, March 17,1846.
"The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
| Piempotuntiaiy of the United States of America, has the
| honor to acknowledge the receipt of the note of your excel-
; l^ncy of the 12th instant, by which he i-> infoimed that the
j Mexican Government cannot receive him in his capacity of
! E ivoy Evctraoidinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, to reside
i near that Government.
j "As it is the intention of the undeisigned, in conformity
with his instruction-, to ictum to the United States with
j the least possible delay, embaiking at Vera Cruz, he has
I now to request that he may be furnished with the neces&aiy
; passpoits, which he will mvuit at tins place.
* * k \ * * *
: 44 The undersigned has already exceeded the limits which
' he had pre^cubed to hnn-clf tor reply. The question has
: now leached a point whore woids mn-t give place to acts.
While he deeply regrets a result sofittle contemplated when
; he commenced the duties of Ins mission of peace, hp is eon-
! soled by the reflection that no honoiable efforts to avert the
j calamities of war have been spared by his Government,
and that these efforts cannot tail to be propeily appreciated,
i not only by the people of the United States, but by the
world.
" The undersigned begs leave to renew tQ his Excellency
Don J. M. de Castillo y Lanzas the assurances of his dis-
tinguished con^ideiation. JOHN SLIDELL.
of such governments and laws, as they see fit to
form, so that they trespass not upon the rights of
i others. In what, then, has the United States
wronged Mexico by admitting Texas into the
Union—Texas being free, independent, and, by
Mexico, unconquerable?
But who can number the outrages that Mexico,
during a term of more than twenty years, commit-
ted against the United States—outrages scarcely
paralleled in modern times for atrocity, rapacious-
ness, and frequency—outrages so gross, so revolt-
ing, so unblushing!y audacious, that General Jack-
son (who so much leprobated attacks from the
strong upon the weak) was at length fairly provoked
I into a recommendation, ten years ago, to Congress
j to authorize the making of reprisals. Even Mr.
j Van Buren, celebrated for his diplomatic accom-
! plishments, finally acknowledged that his art was
| incompetent to the task of obtaining justice from
Mexico, and submitted their case to Congress,
with a recommendation to discover a mode and
measure of redress that would accomplish what
diplomacy could not. The Mexicans admitted
spoliations upon American commerce to the large
amount of $2,026,139, and gave their bonds in pay-
> Hi:
! rnent thereof. They have dishonored those bonds,
11 and the claimants remain unpaid. Besides these
j! claims, it should be recollected that claims to the
In this viewthe Mexican Government evidently |! amountof $4,265,464 were presented totheAmeri-
Excellency Don J. M. de Castillo y Lanzas,
"Minister of Foreign ^Relations and Govcmmc.ntj
concurred, as in its official reply it was not dis
claimcd ordeprecated. On the contrary, Generals
Ampudia and Arista were ordered to the frontier
with troops to reinforce General Mejia; and on the
23d of April, 1846, (but littie more than a month
after,) Paredes issued a declaration of war. It
was most probably resolved on when the letter to
Mr. Slid ell was written; for General Arista, at !
the distant city of Matamoros, on the 24th day of I
can and Mexican commissioners, but were notacied
upon for want of time. Since then, additional
claims to the amount of more than $2,200,000 have
i been presented to the Department of State. It is
; thus seen that depredations upon American com-
I merce have been commuted to the enormous
amount of $8,491,603. (See House Doc. No. 196,
| pp. 33 and 34, ls« sess. %9ih Cong.)
The character of these Mexican outiages is well
l| April, (the day he anived theie and took com- jj summed up in a letter add.essed by MrrForsyth';
<ries, ami of its (inn determination to exact the adequate II mallcl)) notified General .taylor "that he consider- l| the Secretary of State, to the Mexican Minister of
reparation, it does not repel nor despise the part of reason !! e|l hostilities commenced, and should prosecute ,i Foreign Affairs, under date of May 97 1337 1„
and ot peace to which .t is mvitod by it* arfvoMiy."'- j them." On the same day he attacked and cap- that letter Mr. Forsyth says* '
SeeHo.Doc.No.m^.Alst^onVMOo^rc^ j tured a detachment of General Taylor's army.  
[See General Taylor's official letter, Ho. Doc
And yet the same Minister, in the same letter,
says:
" So soon as the said communication [fiom Mr. Siidell]
was received by the undesigned, he proceeded to coimmi-
nicatc it to his excellency the President ad interim ; and lie,
after deliberately considering its contents and maturely
meditating upon the business, has seen fit to oidei the un-
dersigned to make known to Mr. Slufell, in leplv, as he
now has the honor of doing, that the Mexican Government
cannot rcceive lum Envoy Evtraonhnaiy and Minister
Plenipotentiary to reside near it.
"And here mi<jhtthe underMjjned terminate lus nnt«\ if
reasons of gieat weight did not convince him of the neces-
sity of making sonic leiiections m this place; not through
fear ot the consequences winch may result from tlii  deci.sive
loolvc, but thiougli the reject which he owt-a toieajson
and fo justice."
The following are some of tile " reflections,"
and consequences of the acts, which occurred to
the Minister, and were stated in the above quoted
letter written by him:
"The vehement clesiic of the Government 01 the United
Stiles to extend its already immense territory, at the e*- ,
pwi e ot that of Mexico, ha> been m.un lust lor mam \ eai> •
and if i> beyond all doubt that, in regard fo T< \a* *at least'
tins has bjen their firm and constant dctermjimtou ; loin '
ha«t been so declared categorically and officially by an aurho- >
riaed representative of the Union, whose assertion, stiaira* i
and injurious as was its frankness, has nevei theirs not been !
belied by the United States." " j
f* Considering the time as having eotne for carrying m'o !
^fleet the annexation of Texas, the United Stat^/jn iituon
and by agreement with their natural allies and adherents in !
t iat territory, concerted the means for the purpose The
project was introduced into the American CouurLs. It u iq 1
at first frustrated, thanks to the prudential consideration* 1
Hie circumspection, and the wisdom with which ihe Senate' i
«i the Union then pioceeded. Ne\ertheless the nroieet i
wa* renins need m the following-esMon, and was tlicn an !
pioved and auctioned m the form and terms known to the i
wnoie world, ;
a A fa-t such as this, or, fo i-pcak with  iea(cr exactness 1
m> notable nil act of nsnipatron, created an lnipenous ne- i
<-c--etv thai Mexico, for her own honor, sljonld icpel it with
piopei minnesnmrlclismtv. The Supreme Government had '
lielnifhamt decliirerl that it would look upon ^ich nn det Hb
a aum ,tdh; and, a-i a coiiiequeiice of this deeluralmn no- '
f-'oiialioii was bv its very iiatnie at an end, and war was the I
only leuourso of the We.vie.ui Government." 1
Here, then, is the alleged reason, " the why "
Paredes declared war against the United State's*
another, behind it, was, that he had reached power
hy promising to wage war against the United States-
A"o.
196, p. 123, 1st sess. Hfilh Congress.] Paredes, it
: thus seems, held back his declaration of war until
j i he thought General Arista had arrived at Matamo-
jl ros. It is dated but one day earlier than General
Arista's notice to General Taylor.
! I have thus given the Mexican view of the
i' causes of this war. With them it is not a bound-
. ary question—it is not whether the Nueces or
j the Rio Grande is the boundary between Texas
! and Mexico; but the grievance is, " the annexa-
' tion of Texas." "The Supreme Government
,' ' had beforehand declared that it would look upon
!! ' such an aet as casus belli; and, as a consequence
}' ' of this declaration, negotiation was, by its very
> 'nature, at an end, and war was the only re-
! 'course of the Mexican Government." This is
i their own language—the language of the Mexican
| Government—not mine. The motives that have
; actuated the Mexican Government are of a char-
j acter that will not admit of justification. Mexico
! had no just cause of war against the United States.
' Texas was, and for ten years had been, as free, as
independent, and as able to maintain its freedom
| and independence as Mexico was to maintain hers.
, The nationality of Texas had been fully admitted by
all the leading nations of the earth. And I hold it to
be a self-evident proposition, that if two nations of
similar laws, manners, customs, language, and re-
ligion, choose to unite under one form of govern-
" These wrongs arc of a character which cannot bp toler-
ated by an> government imbued with a just self-respect
with a proper regard for the opinions of other nations or
with an enlightened concern for the permanent welfare of
those portions ot its people who mnj be interested m foreign
commerce. Treasure lielonaing to citizens of the United
.States has been seized hy Mexican officers, in its transit
from the capital to the coast. Vessels of the United States
have been captured, detained, and condemned upon the
m"3t hivolous pretext*,. Duties iiave been exacted from
others, notoriously against law, or will,out law. Others
have been employed, and in some instances ruined, m the
' Mexican service, without compensation to thf owners.
; Citizens of the United States have been impiisoned for long
j periods of time, without being informed of the otfences
I with which they were chaigcd. Others have been murder-
I ed and robbed hy Mexican officers, on the high seas, witfi-
| out any attempt to tiling the guilty to justice."
I And it was in reference to cases of outrage like
these, as ascertained and stated in the letter of Mr.
Porsyth, that General Jackson, in 1837, in his
message, used the following remarkable and em-
phatic language:
" That the length of time since some of the injuries have
been committed, the lepcated and unavailing applications
loi redress, the wanton character of some of the outrages
upon the property and person* of our citizens, noon the
officers and flae of the United States independent of recent
insults to this Government and people bvthe late extraor-
dinary Mexican Minister, would justify,*m the eves of all
nations, immediate war."
But when, and under what circumstances, were
these disgraceful outrages committed ? Why, air,
as the Union of last night truly said: "One por-
tion of these robberies was committed upon us in
the very year in which we took the lead amotig'aJ}
ment to improve their respective conditions, it is i < nation/ it ackVowie^ ng1^the indep X I of
their undoubted n-ht and privilege to form such I'McviVn in lnaepenaence ot
because he had promised fo treat wuh " the North 1
American usurpers" instead of « drivin? tbem :
ucIoss the Sabine." He was made President to <
prevent the renewal of a good understanding—to I
prevent the making of a treaty—to force the Uni- 1
privilege to form such
I i union; and no other nations have a ris:ht to take of-
! i fence at such union of interests, or to levy war on a
nation (thus formed of two) on account theieof.
II Is there anything wrong in this doctrine? Is
■ i it, repulsive to the dictates of justice, or conflict
; Vv-ith the rights of nations or of men, or war upon
\ the enlarging interests of humanity ? Unless jt is
li wrong for independent men or communities peace-
!| ably to unite to form a government for the promo-
u; tto;j of happiness, and the diffusion ot knowledge,
and the perpetuity of their liberties, then was it
■: nglit for the United States and Texas to unite their
destinies. And if Mexico, Guatemala, and Buenos
Mexico, and in procuring its acknowledgment
i| 4 from England. Another portion of these crimes
jj 1 was committed against us just after our treaty of
jj ' amity, commerce, and navigation, had been con-
i ' clutied with Mcxico, in 1831. The same course
i, of violence and wrong-doing against us was kept
!: UP through the year J837, in which our Govern-
^ * went rejected the first overture of Texas towards
i ' annexation." And now, sir, instead of making
■ reparation for wrongs like these, Mexico makes a
j; pretext of the annexation of Texas to the United
States to excuse herself for attacking our forces,
11 and for murdering our citizens. The wrongs of
our citizens, and the blood of the murdered Cross,
and his pred^ecessorVas made to give place to Paredes* jj Ay res were"e7ch or all' ioaslTto   
agroc to li can citizens, cry aloud for vengeance. Arid know-
be admitted into and of Porter, and of many other worthy Ameri-
receive them, no nation could justly take excep- !
tion; for ali nations have an inalienable right to i
form such governments, and live under such laws, I
and unite with such communities in the formation i
mg, as we do, that Texas was truly free and inde-
pendent, and that when under Spanish, French,
American, and Mexican rule, its territories extend-
ed to the banks of the Rio Grande, let us not allow
