1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
ourselves to be diverted from our purpose of ex-
acting ample justice ami reparation by insensate
rant "about the boundaries of Texas; but rather
let us rush forward—-let us charge home upon these
robbers and murderers of our fellow-citizens, and
teach them that, if our forbearance is great, our jus-
tice when aroused is swift, terrible, and complete.
Believing it to be our duty, and the best policy,
to push this war rapidly forward to an early
and to an lionOlabte conclusion, I avow my readi-
ness to vote ample supples of men and of money
to effect this object. My people expect this, my
conscience tells me that it is right, and the im-
pulses of my heart render the duty a pleasing one
to perform. Taxes will be cheerfully paid and
men readily furnished, if we will but do our duty:
for the country seems to have erected a higher
standard, to be more eager for forward, consecu-
tive, and vigorous movements upon the enemy,
than the majority of their representatives. I, for
one, am ready, and am anxious to terminate this
incongruous state of things, to terminate this de-
lay in supplying the President with all of the
sinews of war. 1 am not only ready to vote men,
but I am ready to vote means, with which to pay
those men who nobly jeopard their lives for their
country. AH men cannot go to Mexico; but all
can, and most men gladly will contribute of then-
means to pay those who do go to that country
with arms in their hands to fight, and, if needs be,
to die. The people will pay, cheerfully pay, all
needful expenses: not only to maintain fleets and
But suppose we—the people of the old States— j) it is from discord alone that we have anything to
determine to interfere with the business of the !j fear; it alone can destroy the Union. Let us avoid
people of the new States and Territories, whether I! discord, then, as the discovered evil genius of our
"to conquer a peace," but also to hold in safety
and in subordination, such cities as may be cap-
tured, and such piovmces as may be overrun.
For, without the power to retain, control, and gov-
ern occupied cities and provinces during the con-
tinuance of a war, war could not be successfully,
certainly not safely, waged against any country
with territories as extensive, and as sparsely pop-
ulated, as those of the republic of Mexico. The
power is indispensable, its exercise universal, and
the objections made to both are not more novel j
than they are unworthy of an attempt at a serious
refutation.
It has been with feelings of deep regret that I
have listened to the remarks which have been made
upon the subject of slavery, in connexion with the
question of acquiring additional territory in pay-
ment of spoliations committed upon our commerce.
The agitation of this subject is premature First
obtain the teiritory; then the question of what its
organic laws shall be, will, with propriety, come
up for discussion and for final decision. Still, as
the question has been forced into this debate, I
neither fear, nor shall I shun it. Thus far in ad-
vance, then, my opinions upon this improperly
introduced subject are, that the wishes of the ma-
jority of the people of each Territory, and of each
"State, now organized, or hereafter to be organized,
ought to be religiously respected. If the people
of any Territory or of any State desire to allow
citizens to own slaves, not my will, but theirs
should pievail. If the people of any Territoi y or
of any State desire to exclude slavery from within
their own borders, (not their neighbors,) by all
means allow them to do so. When the people of
a new Territory or State ordain slavery or anti-
slavery, I shall be satisfied, perfectly satisfied; for, [
Mr. Chairman, I make it a point contentedly to I
allow my neighbors to manage their own affairs
their own way. I never distress myself; my sort j
of philanthropy does not prompt me to distress !
myself, because persons a thousand miles off will j
not manage their business in a manner that I might !
think would best promote their interests. Un-
doubtedly they lose much by not following good
advice; but as they allow me to manage my affaiis
as I please, they may do the same. The new States
may have slaves, banks, and huge State debts, if
they want them; they may have either one of those '
" luxuries," or neither, or all three; they shall, so ;
far as I am concerned, be as free as freedom. My |
democracy teaches perfect non-interference with
other men's business, until they ask for my as- :
sistance; to interfere with another man's business,
unasked, is as thankless an occupation as any 1
champion of equal rights ever followed. As it is '
with individuals, so it is with States. Let each
one manage its own internal concerns as it may
please the people inhabiting it in their wisdotn to
direct. If they are pleased, certainly those living
at a distance can afford to be pleased.
they wish our assistance or not, can we achieve
any other practical result beyond that of making
ourselves ridiculous? I fear it will be difficult if
those to be taught by us should disregard our in-
structions. There can be but one kind of States—
the Constitution contemplates but one class. One
State is as free, as independent, as sovereign, pos-
sessed of as many constitutional rights and privi-
leges as any other. Exclusive privileges are not
granted to one State and withheld from the others.
New States may be admitted, but the power to
make them a secondary class—to make them a
species of attaches to the original States, or to some
one of them, is not conferied. The State of Ohio
is equal every way m its rights with the State of
Pennsylvania—Iowa and Texas,as Massachusetts
and Virginia. The new States aie equal in power,
privileges, and rights, with the old States. They
are not an inferior class—the old States are not a \
superior class of States. New York, when the 1
Constitution was adopted, was a slaveholding
State; and so were most of the old thirteen States. |
New York abolished slavery—the Constitution does i
not forbid that act; it can reestablish slavery—for |
the Constitution does not forbid that act. Mary-
land can abolish slavery this year; it can reconsider
the act, and reestablish it next year, if it chooses to
do so. Congress may refuse to admit a State
until it consents to have a constitution in which
nothing is said about slavery; but in passing
through the constitutional gate into the Union,
justice, with the sword of State rights, cuts every
humiliating fetter, and the State enters, with a
countenance erect, as free, as sovereign, as inde-
pendent, as any other State. If any State can
establish slavery, so can the new one. If any
can abolish slavery, so can the new State abolish
slavery. If this is not so, then has Congress
power to create an inferior order of States, which
is a proposition to which I cannot subscnbe. The
American States arc, in verity, equal; there are no
superiors and inferiors—no principals and seconda-
ries. Congress cannot, by a law or by a treaty
with a foreign Powei, create an inferior order of
States, possessed of less power, rights, and dig-
nity, than the States now existing. "When a State
is once admitted and acknowledged by Congress
to be a free and sovereign State, no congressional
enactment, whether enacted before or after the
creation of the State, can abridge its sovereignty,
or in any manner lessen its rights as a State under
the Constitution. The Constitution of the United
States has made no provision allowing a State to
alienate its sovereignty, and thus degrade itself
below its sister commonwealths; nor is power
given to Congress to thus degrade a State. Hence
the sovereignty of the States, under the Constitu-
I tion, is inalienable. A new State, once recognised
j as a State, according to^the forms prescribed by
[ the Constitution, is, for aught that appears in the
| Constitution, equal, in all respects, to any other
State; and as Congress has no power granted to it
authorizing it to abridge the sovereignty of a new
State, any act purporting to do so would be void
ab initio. A State, then, may establish slavery.
Massachusetts may do so, and so may California, ^
should it ever become an American State. A j!
State may abolish slavery. Massachusetts has ||
already done so; and Texas has the power to imi- ■'
tate the example. What, then, will be gained by j
not allowing the people of a new Territory to de- ,|
cide for themselves in this matter? As soon as a ::
State is erected, the people thereof can oidain to 1
have slaves; and no power on earth can constitu-
tionally say, " Why do ye so?" {
In certain portions of this country slavery, iiom j
many causes, not necessary now to paiticulaiize,
must, for an indefinite period of years, continue to r
exist. And m attempts to interfere with this order ,
of things consists the real dangertowhich theperpe- j
tuity of the Union is exposed. Men are too anxious
to pull down what they do not like, to allow us to
suppose that interference will not be attempted. !
Another class of men will always be ready to re- ;
sist those whom they consider impertinent busy-!
bodies, meddlers in other men's matters; violent:
collisions between the ultras of the two parties j
j are constantly to be apprehended, and to be guard- I
i ed against. This is the avenue through which dis-
| cord, with its hydra train, will endeavor to effect
i an entrance into our republican Government, and
institutions. It is an evil more to be dreaded than
the sirocco; it is apolitical miasma more fearful
than a pestilence; it is an instrument whose strings
are swept only by the breezes of an approaching
desolation. Dangers from without may roll upon
the Union high as our mountains, and not a timber
shall be started, not a sail rent. Our noble ship,
guided by a united and concordant crew, shall ride
the storm, and, upon its subsidence, pursue its on-
ward voyage without the loss of a spar or a spike.
But discords from within shall cause the staunchest
ship the world hath yet seen to go down,
" Di-eper than plummet ever sounded."
carrying with it the last best hopes of the oppress-
ed of all nations, shipwrecking at once the expecta-
tions of patriots, and reanimating the hopes of the
i monarchists of the world. And who would thus
j thrust out our ship from her peaceful moorings
| into an unknown sea, in a starless night, without
I an anchor, compass, or chart, and at a time when
the dearest interests of man are bound up in its
II destiny r Gentlemen may reason and argue; they
l' may talk of the blessings of universal liberty; ex-
patiale upon the beauties of political equality; the
tendencies of association, and of the more general
jj diffusion of knowledge. The cementing influence
jj of iron, and telegraphic systems of intercommuni-
cation—of trade and of emigration—to strengthen
our bonds of union, may be complacently dwelt
upon; but the union of these States goes down into
the same grave that entombs the rights of the
South !—that entombs the right, among others, to
possess a just and equitable portion of all territory
acquired by a disbursement of the common treas-
ure, or won by a union of our common arms ! This
truth is as abiding and as immutable as justice.
See ye to it whom it may concern.
Mr. LONG, obtaining the floor, moved that the
committee rise ; which motion was negatived.
Mr. L. then proceeded to address the House;
but had not proceeded far, when
Mr. McCLERNAND rose and said that he was
disposed to give the honorable gentleman from
Maryland an opportunity to address the committee
under more favorable circumstances, (the lateness
of the hour having caused a large proportion of
vacant seats,) and he would therefore, with his
[Mr. L.'s] consent, move that the commitee rise.
Mr. LONG acquiesced.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the com-
mittee then rose, and the chairman reported.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, it was ordered,
that when the House adjourn, it be to meet to-
morrow morning at ten o'clock.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 9, 1847.
The House, in pursuance of its order of yester-
day, met at ten o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee ofWaysand
Means, on leave given, reported the following
bills:
A bill making appiopriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1848;
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th June, 1848; and
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the army for the year ending 30th June, 1848;
which several bills were read a first and second
time, and committed to a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse reports _on the
cases of Nancy Martin, Alexander Bills, Jesse
Robeits, Lyddal Estas, MagdalenaMoore, David
Pu"'h, hens of Robeit Allison, deceased, John
Stout, Sophia Albrecht, Mary Hicks, James Green,
Grace Hudnut, Sarah Knight, John Blair Fmley,
Mary Andrews, George Alford, Nicholas Siscoe,
"William Vice, Eleanor Wills, Lucy Clarke, Han-
nah J Wick, Freelove Waid, and Nancy J. Arm-
strong; all Which were laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
