152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
William Culver, which was twice read, and com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. JAMES McDOWELL, on
leave,
Resolved,, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of so amending the lasv in relation to the appoint-
ment and duties of chaplains for the army, as to
authorize their appointment for the army when
elsewhere than in post, and that said committee
have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
INCREASE OP THE ARMY.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved that the resolution
agreed to on Thursday last, terminating all debate
in Coramitteee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the bill to raise for a limited time an ad-
ditional military force, and for other purposes, at
two o'clock this day, be lescimled.
I3ending the question 011 the above motion—
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSO.LL, the
House lesolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr George S. Hous-
ton in the chair,) and proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill to raise for a limited time an addi-
tional military force, and for other purposes, and
the amendments. This bill, as originally repotted,
is as follows:
A BILL to raise for a limited time an additional military
force, and tor other put poses.
Beit enacted by the Smirte and House oj Repre'enfat.ivcs
of the United States of Jbnerica in (J)w>ress a^emb'ul, That,
in addition to the present nulitaty establishment of tne Uni-
ted Statt-s, there shall be raided and o>g uuzed. urniei the di-
rection of the, President, one regiment of dragoons and nine
regiments of infantry, eacii to be composed o! the same num-
ber and rank of commissioned ofiieers, non-eomuiisMoned
officers, musicians, privates, &c.,asare provided for a legi-
mcnt of dragoons and infantry respectively under exiting
laws, and who shall receive the same par, rations, and
allowances, be subject to the same regulation?, and to the
mles and articles of war: Provided, That it shall belauf.il
for the President of the United States, in the lecess of the
Senate, to appoint such of the commissioned orticeis autho-
lized by tins acta? may not be appointed during the present
session, which appointments shall be submitted to the Sen-
ate at their next session tor their advice and consent.
Sec. 2. jItui be dfu,i thei enacted, That, duiing the con-
tinuance of the war with Mexico, the teun ot enlistment
of the men to be recruited for the regiments authonzed by
this act, and for the regiment of dragoons, artillery, infan-
try, .engineers, and riflemen, of the present establishment,
shall be "duiing the war," or five yeais, at the option of
the recruit.
Spc. 3. Jlnrt be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he i> hereby, authonzed, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint one
additional major to each of the regiments ot drairoons, a'til-
lery, mfanUy, and ritlemcn, in theaimy of the United States,
who *lmll he taken from the captains of the army.
Sec. 4. Avd be it Jurther enacted That to each of the
regiment.-ot diagoons, aitillery, infantry,and liflemen, there
shall be allowed a regimental qmu lermaster, to he taken
from the «ubaltein?5 of the line, who .'•hall be allowed ten
dollars additional pay per month, and forage for two hoises.
Srcc. 5. be U Jurther emitted* That thare shall be
allowed and paid to eveiy able-bodied man who shall be i
dulv enlisted to serve in the aimy for the teun of five ye,-us, ;
01 duiing the war, a bounty of twelve dollars ; hut the pay-
ment of six dollar? of the s.ud bounty shall be defined until
the recruit shall have joined the regiment for duty m which :
he is to serve. ;
Mr. LONG, who held the floor from yesterday,
then rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: I rise with unaffected diffidence
upon this important question. I had hoped that
this question would not be viewed through the
medium of party, but that till sectional and party
feelings would be offered upon the altar of patriot- 1
ism. This, sir, is a question eternal as the hills,
and must survive the ephemeral distinctions of \
party. I will not, now enter into the discussion 1
whether the Rio Grande should have been crossed. :
I will not look behind the record. The act of May
13th, sanctioned by the Congress of the United 1
States, has declared the country to be in a state of 1
war provoked by Mexico, and while a state of war I
lasts, I feel constrained to sustain the flag of my '
country. Sir, I will not attempt to nullify and set
at naught the existing- law of the land—particularly
when a hostile force is arrayed against us. Stand-
ing here as the representative of a district of Mary- '
land, I will not withhold the necessary supplies, 1
and paralyze the arm of the Executive of the Uni- j
ted States. The Rubicon is now passed, and I i
elect to take my stand as uncompromisingly op- |
posed to Mexico till honorable peace be attained. 1
it is not now necessary for me to taunt the Execu- j
tive with having permitted Santa Ana to return to i
Mexico, nor will I suffer myself to be jeered at as j
sustaining a policy which subserves the interests ,
of Santa Ana. j
Sir, if I could look behind the record, I could
exhibit a frightful picture of wrongs inflicted by
Mexico upon the lives and property of our citizens.
I could point to the persevering* rejection of all
peaceful overtures, and her contumelious refusal
to rcceive a minister with the olive branch of
peace.
But, sir, we are told that this is an unjust war.
I will not libel the illustrious dead by giving utter-
ance to such a sentiment. Were the heroic Ring-
gold, the intrepid Cross, and chivalrous Watson,
1 prosecuting an aggressive and unjust war when
they fell as martyrs in their country's cause?
!] With a fame not less distinguished than that of
i, Leonidas and his Spartans, they are canonized by
j their countrymen; and the mournful pageant late- I
jj ly exhibited, when ag;e and youth vied in expres- ;
!' sions of condolence, and when beauty poured its 1
'[' tears upon the bier, exhibit the proud spectacle of'
| a nation duly appreciating patriotism and chivalry, j
' Sir, those gallant men died 111 no unjust war, un- i
\ recognized by their country. Their remains have !
. acted as incentives to further patriotic efforts on !
'! the part of the country; and so long as patriotism j
i; and chivalry are appreciated, their fame will last. ;
i Sir, I am opposed to the prosecution of this war j
.! for conquest purely; but wh««.t is proposed by those
I; opposed? If we remain still and fold our arms,
we are covered with dishonor. Are we prepared
j to show the white plume, after the gallant achieve-
jj ments of Palo Alto, Resaca de la Palma, and Mon-
;j terey? Why not mark out a line for our bounda-
i1 ry, and fortify our position ? I cannot, for the life
" of me, comprehend the distinction that we can
rally for the country while at war, and stiil oppose
', the measures for national redress. The procla-
1 mntion of the first President of the United States
j was intended to prevent an appeal on the part of
I Genet, the French Minister, to the people, as con-
I tradistinguished from ihpir rulers; and we know
| with what indignation Mr, Van Buren was de-
i, nounced while, in capacity of Secretary of State,
ij he adverted to differences in our political family,
jj The refusal of the French Secretary of State to
, j reccive our Minister, unless with a douceur, roused
i a spirit of indignation through this land, which
!] gave birth to the sentiment, of thousands for de-
; 1 fence, but not a ccnt foi tribute. Is that sentiment
! not fostered now ? What has been the barrier to
j the association of Mr. Webster with the Presi-
;| dency but Ins votes during the late war, in not
II voting the necessary supplies to our army r Colos-
: sal as he is in intellect, and standing preeminent
I upon the great constitutional questions of the day,
, his prospects are dimmed, if not marred, by that
!i unfortunate course. Who does not recollect the
i taunt of Poindexter, of Mississippi, m the Senate
, Chamber of the United States, when, in his 1m-
. passioned strain of oratory, Mr. Webster declared
! that, in defcnce of the Constitution, he would be
: found m the front rank, Poindexter asked, " What
1 rank he sustained in the late war5"
I We have been told that the opposition to the war
i is not marked by greater asperity here than the pros*
| ecution of the war against the colonies was char-
acterized in debate in the British Parliament. Sir,
there is no analogy between the eases. Does
Mexico stand to us in the relation of bone of our
bone and flesh of our flesh, as the colonics did to
J Great Britain ? "Was Mexico compelled to leave
' us, as the colonists did their homes, for civil and
[religious liberty? Have we attempted to tax
i Mexico without suffering: her to be represented, or j
j made any attempt m that respect: Sir, there is j
' the same rcscmblance betsveen the cases as Hype- I
I rion has to a satyr. i|
! After somefurther remarks in this strain, in which f
, he called on all to render to the Executive, in whose !
I hands the suffrages of the people had placed the i
j administration of the national affairs, a just and vig- :
! orous support in the prosecution of the war, Mr. L. i1
, went on to say, that the question of slavery had |
; been introduced, with all its distractions and disad-
j vantages, into the discussion of a subject connect- 1
j ed with the foreign relations of the country. That
was, in his judgment, most injudicious—that was
] too mild a term of reprobation—it was most dan- ■:
| gerous and reprehensible. For what purpose had '!
j it been introduced ? Of what possible utility could !j
1 it be to be thus annoying the people of the United -|
States—thus opening afresh fountains of discord ji
and bitterness, which had been all sealed up by a j!
compromise? Why did not gentlemen emulatel'
1 the wise and beneficent spirit of the Author of their 'J
blessed religion ? Why did they not leave to time
and circumstances—to the progress of humanity
itself, the final disposition of this question ? Did
the acquisition of the territory depend on the ques-
tion whether it was to be free territory or slave ter-
ntory ? Let them set aside these distracting differ-
1 ences, and present an undivided front in the prose-
| cution of the war; and if they acquired any terri-
1 tory, let the terms of admission be referred to the
! treaty-making power. Had not the question of
| slavery been settled by the Constitution itself ? He
! invited the attention of gentlemen on that floor to
! the language employed by Mr. Pinckney, of South
I Carolina—a man eminent in that day—with regard
j to the terms on which that settlementwaseffected.
; It would be seen that the East yielded up the ques-
| tion of slavery to the South on account of great
; advantages commercially gained by the former,
lie would read a brief extract from the debates in
the Convention:
i "Mr. Pinckney moved to postpone the report, m favor of
: the following proportion :
! " ' That no act of the legislature for the purpose of regu-
j Mating the commerce of the United States with foieign
I ' powers,and among the several States, shall be pu^-ed wuh-
| ( out the assent of two-thuds of tne members of each Hon^e.'
i " Tie remarked, that there were five distinct commercial
j irte rests: 1. The fisheries and West India trade, winch
, belonged to the New England States % The interest of
1 New York lay in a fieetiade. 3. Wheat and flour, the
i staples of the two middle States, (New Jersey and Penri-
. sUvania.) 4. Tobacco, the staple of Mai>Iand and Vu-
l gmia, and partly of North Carolina. 5. Rice and indigo, the
j staples of South Carolina and Georgia. These diff'eient 111-
i terc&ts would be a source ot' oppressive regulations, if no
j cheek, to a bare majority should be piovided. States pursue
I their interests with le«s seiuple than individuals:. The
] power 0^ legulating commerce was a pure concession on
; the part of the southern States. They did not need the pro-
j tection ot the northern States at pre-sent.
i " Mr. Martin seconded the motion.
; "General Pinckney said, it was the true interest of the
; southern States to have no regulation ot commerce; but,
I consideang the loss brought on the commerce ot the eastern
J States by the Revolution, their liberal conduct towards the
t views* of South Carolina, and the inteie^ the weak soutli-
j eni State? had in being united with the strong eastern States,
| he thonffht it proper that no fetters should be imposed on
] the powei of making commercial regulations, and that his
1 constituents, though prejudiced aaannt the eastern States,
j would be reconciled to this liberality. He had himself, he
i said, piejudices against the eastern Stales before he came
! here, but would acknowledge that lie had found them as
j liberal and candid as any men whatever."
j From that would be perceived the principles of
I mutual concession on which the general peace and
j harmony were preserved on the establishment of
I the Constitution. But he did not intend to go into
! any discussion, historical or otherwise, of the
question of slavery. Yet he could not refrain, in
this connexion, from quoting a short extract from
the elder Adams, in order to contrast his language
with that which some gentlemen of the present day
expressed on that floor:
"Mr. John Adams observed, that the numbers of people
are taken, by this artieJe, as an index ot the wealth of the
state, and not as subject? of taxation ; that, a&tu tins matter,
it was of no consequence bv what name you cylled your
people, whethei hv that of freemen or of slaves.; that, in
some countries, the laboirng pooi are called freemen, in
otheis they were called slaves; but that the chifer<. nee aa to
the state was imaginary only. What matter* it whetlur a
landlord, employing ten laboreis on his farm, give them an-
nually as much monev as will buy them the necessities of
life, or give them those necessaries ttt short hand ? Tne ten
laborers add as much wealth to the state, increase its ex-
ports as much in the one case as the other. Ceitamly five
hundred fieemen pioriuce no moie piofit^nourcaiersuiphif*
for the payment oftases than five hundred slaves. Theie-
fore the state 111 which the laboiers are called freemen,
should he taxed no more than t^at in v Inch aie those called
r-laves. Suppose, by an oxtraordinaiy operation of natuie or
ot law, one-half the laborers of a state could, 111 the couise
ot one night be transfonned into slaves ; would the State be
made the poorer, or the less able to pay taxes? That the
condition ot the lahoung poor in most countries—that of the
fishermen, paitieulaiiy, of the northern States—is as abject
as that of slaves."
Now, he would ask, was it reasonable that the
North, after it had obtained all these advantages,
should turn round and seek to impose unequal re-
strictions on the South? Let the North, then, iii
the wise spirit of compromise exhibited by their
fathers, avoid the danger of this distracting ques-
tion. Were they prepared for that to sacrifice the
Union ? "Were they ready for that to paralyze the
arm of the Executive? Let them leave the matter
to time, which would settle it satisfactorily to all.
The people of the South had no fears for them-
selves. But they implored their northern brethren
* " He meant the permission to import slaves. An un-
derstanding on the two subjects of navigation and slavery,
had taken place between those paits of the Union, which
explains the vote on the motion depending, as well as the
language of General Pinckney and otheis!"—Note by Mr.
Madison.
