1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
to avoid the dangers which would inevitably fol-
low their course, if it were persisted in. "Were
they, he asked, prepared, like Marius, amid the
ruins of Carthage, to weep over the disjointed
members of that glorious Confederacy? Were
they, indeed, prepared for such a suicidal course?
He warned them of the danger? He reminded
them that all the horrors of civil war were in the
distance if they persisted. Let them reflect on the
consequences of such a war. The last hopes of the
human race would be blasted forever. He did
most fervently hope, that they would be relieved
of this exciting question. But some gentlemen
had said that this was a mere war of dollars and
cents. Was Mexico, then, to get off by bank-
ruptcy? Huw could the United States obtain a
just settlement of the account with Mexico, except
by the compulsory law of arms? They had now
resorted to war—that ultima ralio regum; and they
were bound by every consideration of self-respect,
and interest, and national honor, to prosecute it,
until all its just ends were fully accomplished. In
reference to obtaining the necessary means for pros-
ecuting the war, some gentlemen had strongly dep-
recated a tax on tea and coffee. But if it were
necessary for the preservation of the national honor
he would tax tea and coffee. He knew that such a
tax was not expedient; but true patriotism should
be ready for any sacrifice. It was his desire to
reap all possible benefit from the war; and if the
debt incurred should oblige them to resort to the
sound principles of the tariff of 1842, he would not
greatly repine at such a result. [A laugh.]
In conclusion, he made an eloquent appeal to
the patriotism of gentlemen on that floor. He re-
minded them that to them had been committed the
spccidl guardianship and defence of human liberty.
They occupied the advance guard of the great army
of freedom. To that republic—the world's hope—
the eyes of all the friends and followers of freedom
in evety land were anxiously directed. Let them,
then, act under a full sense of their great responsi-
bilities. Away with all mere partisan feelings;
away with the paltry and fleeting sectional inter-
ests of the hour, which would lead their minds and
hearts from the plain path of duty. All knew that
he, too, had his party attachments and his party
feelings; but if he knew anything of his own heart,
in all sincerity and with all purity of motive, he
■was prepared to render to that Administration to
whom the destinies of the country had been con-
fided, a hearty, generous, arid ardent support, in
the present crisis—a crisis big with the fate, not
only of that republic, hut of the great cause of civil
and religious liberty throughout the world.
Mr. FICKLTN then addressed the committee.
In reference to the course which had been pursued
by membcis of the Whig party upon that floor,
he said, it seemed to him that they should first
place themselves in a position to be responsible for
whatever was said on their part during the pro-
gress of the debate. But was this done in the
present instance? Was there such unity of opin-
ion among them as would make their paity respon-
sible for what was said ? During the war of 1812
there was but one common sentiment with the
Federalists—that was open, bold, manly opposi-
tion to the war. But how was it with that party
now ? He found upon that floor but fourteen gen-
tlemen who were ready to take the responsibility
of openly opposing the war. Here, then, had
been a great deal of clamor, a great blustering of
words, but whenever they had been called upon to
vote on the subject up to the present time, but
fourteen gentlemen had dared to have their names
recoided in opposition to the war. What, then,
was the aspect of the subject as presented by the
honorable gentlemen from Georgia [Mr ToombsJ
and Massachusetts [Mr. Wikthrop,] to whose
speeches ho always listened with pleasure, to say
the least, because they always talked not only
well, but sensibly? The ground which they and
the gentleman from Indiana had taken on this sub-
ject, formed one class of the Whig party. There
was one class upon the stump upon the war ques-
tion; there was another class for the war, among
which he was proud to number the honorable
member from Maryland, [Mr. Long,] whose elo-
quent remarks they had just heard. Then there
was a third class, who voted with Polk, and talked
with Santa Ana. They gobbled with the turkeys,
and roosted with the chickens. [A laugh.] Now
3ns honorable friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
had told them that though he was for the war, yet
he reserved the inalienable right of scolding the
President upon all occasions. They were told that
because they talked about "aid and comfort,"
therefore they wished to suppress the free expres-
sion of opinion. He (Mr. E\) would say, talk as
much as they pleased—talk to the four winds of
heaven—talk till doomsday, when and where they
would ! But his friend from Georgia, to whom he
had referred, remarked:
" We have victories without advantages, and it is not the
fault of our gallant general in the field."
He would attempt to show, as he proceeded, that
it was the fault of their " gallant general in the
field,1' and that there was an attempt there to place
the responsibility upon the President, when it pro-
perly rested elsewhere. He proceeded to quote:
" He has done ah that could be done with the means in
his power. After the bottles of the 8th and 9th of May, the
Mexican army escaped, because we had 110 means of follow-
ing up our vietones."
Yes, sir, " he has done all in his power!" Why
did not he cut the Mexicans off? Why did he
suffer them to cross the river? He knew that
General Taylor said that he had no ponton bridge;
but why did he not follow theiu into the river?
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL. I will give the gen-
tleman an answer in a very few words. Those
brave men, when they fought the battle of Resaca
de la Palma, had been thirty hours without a
mouthful of food; and X ask, if they were then—
after that hard-fought battle—two thousand against
seven thousand—m any condition to plunge into
the river and follow up the Mexicans?
Mr. F1CKLIN. Why did not they eat before
the battle ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Because they had not time,
sir.
Mr. FICKLIN proceeded to read:
"The enemy had full leisure to fortify himself in his
stiongljolds, and, alter the lapse of near five months, our
: geneials were again able to advanec upon the enemy with
! an insufficient foice, and defeat linn, and again lo.-e the
trusts of vietoiy b> an inability to pursue the enemy alter the j
capture of Monteiev. That place capitulated on the 2-lth ;
Septeinbei. Our Government, always brave in words, arid
energetic in gtvine empty orders, terminated the armi-*lK e ;
but tnp army is unable, tor want of meie ttan-poruUion and
munitions of wat, to advance upon I'otu&i, where the Mexi-
can general, whom the Pre-ident lurched tin- enemy, has
made a stand, aad,fmm our nifoimauon, i  road) to fi ht
us. Tlie Piesident ha<, all this time, had ample poweis to
furnish torn and munitions to our geneials. [f he had  ent
, the iifty thousand men we authorized m May last, the coun-
; try would have reaped somesub-ta-itial advantages from the
j tiea ure and blood which she has expended ; but as it i-*, we
aie as fai trom conquering a p.eace as we were the day we
I starred in tins unfen lunate war. When the President duter-
i mined to cross the Jlao Giande, he should have done it with
, an adequate force to produce decisive ie-ults With the
i Government in the handi of our present rulers, we .lie eon
' stantly liable to have tlie nation disgraced in the midst of its
victories."
And he might add, with the army in the com-
mand of a Whig general, and with the opposition
of Whig members upon that floor, there was no
doubt that the war would be crippled. Further,
he had found m the New Oi leans Picayune of the
27th ultimo a cunningly devised letter, intended no
doubt to shield General Taylor from what was re-
garded in the army as a failure on his part, which
he desned the Clerk to read. It was accordingly
read, as follows:
'c Monterey, Mexico, DrcaaJ'er 9,1S4H.
" In writing of the opetafions o« the campaign, 1 beg that
I may not hi: elas>ed anions the < M'libblor.-. trom the an.]},'
who wtite onlxi to tiumpet foith their own tame and that of
their corps—doing ju.-ticc to none, injustice to many, and
blinding the peopiVas to the opetations of the aitny. Such
; Inters dip read mth de<;p regret, tor they ar*« disparaging to
! the reputation and good name oi the Ann liean soldiei v. [
i suppose the people are, and indeed ouidit to he, sati<tied
i with Tlie achievements, of theaimy. We have accompli.-hed
a great deal uiahn many difficulties and tiammels, and
having done <-r> much we must claim the pimlege of point-
1 uig out tho?e dilneultics and trammels, of showing cause
| why they should nevei have existed, and proving that had
! they not existed we should be much laithei advanced in
: attaining our object—an advantageous peace.
! '• The lundamental punciple iti war is Jto operate, with
! superior ibices, a combined movement on a decisive point,'
1 and no plan of campaign can be piomptly successful unless
j framed on this pnneiple, particuhuly where it is the inten-
■ tion to act entirt h on the offensive. Unfortunately foi our
Government thi< pnneiple did not entei as an clement into
i the piesent plan of campaign, and all opeidtions growing
i out of it Aie lieeSfSanJy directly opposed to it. Had we met
i an entei-pruni- enemy, this defect in the promt plan of
! campaign would have been rendeied much inoie appaient,
j and its failure much more signal by defeat in detail, Sup-
i pose General Wool, with his  force and enormous supply of
i transportation and -ub-tstence, had been concentrated on
(ieneial Taylor, would the latter have marched onMonteiey
I with only sk thousand men, not having moie than enough
1 tran^poi tation to carrv embstoonce for th it number, and
I having to leave behind him his battery tram on thru account?
] GeneraJ Taj lor had not sufficient tiasportation, with a
depdt as near as Cerralvo m his rear, to tiansport with his
army of six thousand men a supply to subsist it longer than
two days after the 24th, (the day of the capitulation,) and had
during the engagement to despatch his train back to Cer-
ralvo. Had this concentration been effected, General Taylor
would have had with his army before Monterey one mouth's
supplies!, when he could have enforced an unconditional
surrender of the town and forces, or followed in their rear
in retreating, and eventually have captured or massacred
Arnpudia's entire aimy.
" Had not the Chihuahua expedition been planned, and
had the force and supplies of that army been promptly con-
centrated on General Taylor, we would have been before
Monterey eight week's sooner, when it might have been
taken without firing a gun.- And why was this Chihuahua
expedition a portion of the plan of campaign ? Was it not
reasonable to suppose that after our victories befoie Mata-
moros, our enemy would occupy and hold as strategic points
Monterev and Saltillo, covering the strongest passes in the
Sierra Madre, and having San Luis Potosias a base of oper-
ations? San Luis bhould then have been, in the plan of
campaign, the objective point, and all of our energies should
have been exerted on this line. As it turns out. General
Kearny takes New Mexico without filing a gun, Chihuahua
is taken hy a '•mall detachment from his command without
firing a gun, and after the battle of Monterey General Wool
arrives at Moriclova, and reports his advance on Chihuahua
a* useless, whilst our enemy, whipped at Monterey, aban-
dons Saltillo and concentrates at San Luis, winch he never
could have done had General Wool's army been promptly
united with General Tajloi'ss. Owing to this error in the
plan of campaign our enemy not only gained time to fortify
and fight at Monterev, but, as a natural consequence from it,
he also gained time again to concentrate at San Luis. With
the combined inateual of the two aimies, the objective
point—San Luis—might have been gamed, and, by a deci-
sive action with Arnpudia's foices alone, at that point, the
campaign might have been ended, and probably the war.
The*e aie some of the difficulties under which we have
labored, and but for which our aimy could have done much
more for the countiy. By the«e General Taylor has been
trammelled in his operations, and has not had an opportuni-
ty to display to the world what he could have done, had the
plan of campaign been fiamed on military principles."
That letter, Mr. F. said, was written by a person
who did not wish to be regarded as one of the
scribblers in the army, but as speaking ex cathedra.
He was an officer in the army, and perhaps one of
the general's staff. His letter was endorsed in full
by the editors of the Picayune. The writer, as
they perceived, admitted that General Taylor would
not have gone to Monterey with barely six thou-
sand men if he could have been provided with
what he deemed a suitable force—that he was not
the man to go and lose a battle—thereby admitting
that six thousand men was not, in his opinion,
'sufficient to achieve the battle, and for other ne-
cessary purposes. Further: that correspondent
thought that it was the fault of the Government
that the war had progressed so slowly. The Gov-
ernment had not provided the means requisite for
prosecuting it with rapidity and success—vigor
and quick success. He (Mr. F.) concurred with
him in the opinion that the war had gone on at a
snail's pace, and altogether too slowly for the ac-
complishment of the objects intended. If it should
be continued to be carried on at the same rate for
four or five years longer, it would break down the
popularity of a General Washington even. He
had understood that General Taylor did not take
full supplies with htm to Monterey, because he
did not expect to have a battle there. But the
Government did not furnish him with the neces-
sary amount of ammunition. He would have taken
Monterey without firing a gun, if the requisite sup-
ply of ammunition had been a/forded him. There
was sufficient time, after the baltles of the 8th and
9th of May, for the Government to have furnished
him with a suitable supply of mm and ammuni-
tion to have enabled htm to march to Monterey
twelve weeks earlier than he did, and he would
have done it if the supplies had been provided, it
was Sfiid. But deduct from the whole number of
troops sent to Mexico, those who had fallen in
battle, or were disabled by wounds or sickness,
and also those who were transferred to other com-
mands, and there yet remained fifteen thousand
troops subject to the control of General Taylor at
the time of the siege of Monterey. Why were
they not there. He, for one, had never been able
to find a good reason, on the part of General Tay-
lor, for burying those volunteers on the banks of
the Rio Grande. Wherever the troops were mus-
tered into service, they immediately became subject
to General Taylor's orders. If through the blun-
ders of the President, or the War Department, these
men had been kept back, it certainly wa^ not the
fault of the volunteers, for they had not an oppor-
tunity of showing their valor; but if the President
had detained them, then he, for one, was willing
to see the guilt of that matter east^upon him. If
! it was the fault of General Taylor, let not the let-
i ter writers, and gentlemen upon that floor, attempt
