156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
ease. Pass this bill, and we shall soon have near
forty-five thousand well-appointed troops in the
field. Give them a fit leader, who will show them
the enemy, and my word for it, there will be no
escape—no false motives of humanity guiding
them. He will be ours.
But some of my party friends around me 3ay>
suppose we confer upon the President the'power
to make this appointment, and after this com-
mander takes the field, disaster and defeat should
befall our armies, what would then be the result
upon our party? I am frank to confess, that in
that event, our party would be " used up." But
I spurn all such considerations in this respect. I
am not acting for my party, but for my country.
.And no paltry party or personal motives shall
debar me from acting for the best to sustain my
country's cause and honor. But fail we cannot:
action and a sight of the enemy are all we want,
« We have victories without advantages, and it is not the
fault of our gallant general m the field. He has done all
that could be done with the means m his power. After the
battles of the 8th and 9th of May, the Mexican army escaped
hecause we had no means of following up our victories."
In part, I concur with the gentleman from Geor-
gia. I admit that "we have victories without
advantages"—without results. But I deny that
the fault lies at the door of the Administration.
On this point I willingly join issue with the gentle-
man. After the glorious issue of the 9th, the Mexi-
can army fled on that evening in perfect conster-
nation, panic-struck, across the Rio Grande, and
General Taylor moved up to Fort Brown, oppo-
site Matamoros, with by far the largest portion of
his army, where he lay till the morning of the 17th,
when he commenced crossing the Rio Grande;
allowing the Mexicans eight full days, and giving
them twenty-four hours notice to evacuate the city
: in peace and quiet. Whose fault was this? Gene-
And none of mv future calculations are based upon :: ral Taylor says this delay was occasioned by the
■ J   X>   Jc.    tu> c! wn>.
the supposition that Santa Ana can defeat any of
our generals in the „open field. No such fears j
disturb my iniud. j
Again: it is said such a procedure on our part i
would reflect injuriously upon General Scott, who 1
has now gone to take the command of our army.
He has been called the "Old Soldier," and this con-
templated movement is the working of his " ene-
mies in the rear.1' Not so, so far as I am con-
cerned; I intend nothing which will withhold from
him all legitimate honor. But it does not follow
that because, thirty years ago, he proved himself
a brave and successful soldier, that now he is a
fit leader, of our armies in a campaign against a
foreign foe. It is by no means apparent that, be-
cause he was a good brigadier geneial in 1813,
that he is the most suitable man for major general
in command in 1847, against a different foe and
requiring different qualities to command success.
He hns not attained his present position in the
regular military establishment of the country by
virtue of his merits and of the confidence his
countrymen may have in his ability, fitness, and
resources, to lead our armies in time of war to a
rapid "conquest of a peace." General Scott is
now major general, for the most part, because he
has outlived those who ranked him in the army.
His position thus acquired, by no means excludes
me from a free investigation of his intrinsic claims
want of a ponton train. The Secretary of War
j repeats to this House that all this happened for the
! want of a ponton train, and that he had not fur-
i nished it because Congress had not authorized it.
! The shoulders of Congress are broad, and it ap-
! pears to be their fault. For one, I was not m great
;j haste to vote for this corps of pontoniers, sappers
and miners, before the war. Yet after the war, and
after the great noise was raised about it, on the
score of consequences—for the want of a nail the
shoe was lost, for the want of a shoe the horse was
lost, and for the want of a horse the rider was lost,
all for the want of a horseshoe nail—I did vote
for it, not knowing what might come to pass here-
after, all for the want of a single vote. I have no
doubt had General Taylor been furnished with a
ponton train, he would have crossed the river
earlier and easier. But had General Washington
been there or General Jackson, or Napoleon Bona-
parte, do you believe that when the Mexican
army was known to be in such consternation that
one hundred men could put one thousand to flight,
and one thousand could have captured ten thou-
sand, that forty-eight hours would have elapsed
before both Ampudia and Arista would have been
in captivity ? remembering, too, that the river was
then at a very low stage, and the more especially—
if another fact be true, which I have from an intel-
ligent Texan—that not very fai from Matamoros
| the river could have been forded.
! But let that pass; it is certain we gained nought
! by the kittles of the Sth and 9th but glory. With
to the supreme command, when the lives of my
neighbors and friends are placed in his hands, and
the honor of my country is in his keeping. Thir-
ty-three years ago, in the vigor of manhood, he r this taste Congress felt a keen appetite, and au-
proved to the country that he was a good ofiiccr j1 thorized the raising of fifty thousand volunteers.
i The patriotism of the country was aroused, and
: there was a general and simultaneous rush at the
call of our country, and sixteen thousand six hun-
dred and mnty-eight volunteers were ordered to
the Rio Grande. With a force of more than
twenty thousand troops, composed of regulars
and volunteers, we heatd the notes of continual
preparation,—the Pie.sident and the Sccietaryof
War continually dinning m our ears prompt ac-
tion, vigorous prosecution of the war, a decisive
campaign. The next movement of General Tay-
lor begins from Camargo to Monterey, some time
in the'followmg September, near four months after
the battle of the Rcsaca de la Palma, with only
six thousand of his twenty thousand men, leaving
behind him his battering tram, and I suppose, in
this instance, his ponton traint if he had one. On
the 19th of that month, he pitches his tent within
three miles of Monterey. On the 21st our army
engages the enemy, and after three days of luiid
but most gallant fighting, reflecting the highest
honor upon our troops, and evincing to the world
their equality to any and every emergency of the
service—after the gallantry and noble daring of our
brave men, we had gained nearly every strong
point m the city—after the enemy had been forced
: into a small space in the main plaza of the city,
' with our troops on all sides—after our command-
; ing general, in his own expressive language had
I the enemy " m the hollow of his hand"—after mul-
j urudes of our choicest heroes had been made to
1 bite the dust and to block up the streets of Moil-
' terey with their dead bodies—and after that enemy
j upon application made had refused us pcrmis-
! sion to bury our dead, (rites and ceremonies re-
i spected even by savage nations,) a proposition to
iI capitulate is received, and, in pursuance of the
1 promptings of a magnanimous "humanity," and
'I in consideration of the " gallant defence" made
^ by the Mexican army, which, being interpreted.
and a brave man. He is yet, doubtless, a s>ood
disciplinarian, well versed in military tactics,
familiar with all the rules and etiquette to be ob-
served on a parade ground on a day of a general
review, a brave man, and a good soldier. But all
this does not convince my mind that he is the best
man in this Government to direct the movements
of an army forty thousand strong, encamped in
the enemy's country. As to experience in such a
capacity, hp lias none, if we except such as he
may have gained in a few weeks' operations in
Florida; where, if he acquired experience, he
surely won no laurels: and he was very soon re-
lieved by that great military man, General Jack-
son, from his arduous and responsible duties. The
ability, tact, energy, the ready and felicitous adap-
tation of his plans to effect his purposes and to
11 conquer a peace" with the lurking and skulking
savages, did not shine out so conspicuously, or
stand forth in such bold relief as to convince every
man that he was a Napoleon Bonaparte, and there-
fore preclude us from comparing the claims of
others with his own for command. Personally I
like General Scott; but, in my humble judgment,
lie is too dilatory; a man of too much preparation,
too luckless of expense, and too indifferent of the
public treasury, for the service in Mexico. More-
over, we aie all too familiar with Ins relations to
the President, the Secretary of War,and with the
rnembeis of this Congress, as developed in that
famous letter, wiitten last summer, " over a hasty
plate of soup." I confess I would far sooner rely
upon General Taylor. The suggestion at once
presents itself, Why not then leave our armies
under the control of General Taylor, who, it is
said, has so gallantly won every battle in which
lie has engaged. The reason was furnished by
the gentleman from Georgia ("Mr. Toombs] on
yesterday, and was commented on this morning by
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Ficklin.] He said:
means, in consideration of their success in killing
our men, our general generously permits eleven
thousand men to march out of the city, with arms
in their hands, with six pieces of ordnance, with
banners streaming and music playing; and m or-
der to give them ample time to escape, he agrees
to fight no more for sixty days, while at the same
moment, in a different part of the city, the vejy
dogs were gnawing the bones of our honored
dead. Here we gained, in the language of the
gentleman from Georgia, " a victory without ad-
vantage." We gained glory; but made no per-
ceptible approach to the goal desired by all-
peace—even when almost certain peace was within
our grasp. Whose fault is this? If he did not
have the necessary men to press his advantage, it
surely was not the fault of Congress or the Ad-
ministration. But on this score I have heard no
complaint. Here was in my estimation an egre-
gious blunder; and by placing side by side the re-
sults of the engagements of the 8th and 9th of May,
and at Monterey, I can liken the conduct of General
Taylor only to those sportsmen of our country, who
take so much delight in the chase, but regard the
game as worthless; and as long as old Reynard can
run, whenever he is cornered, permission is given
him to make his escape in order that the sport may
be renewed. For one, I have grown weary of the
sport, and I am free to confess that the chase hag
lasted longer than I at first anticipated.
But in all this it is not ray wish or purpose to
disparage General Taylor, but to do an act of jus-
tice to the Administration. I believe General
Taylor to be a good and a brave soldier. He is a
perfect thunderbolt in battle, and richly deserves
to rank as the Marshal Ney of America. For
his victories at Palo Alto and at Resaca de la Pal-
ma, I voted him the thanks of Congress and a
gold medal, in testimony of my estimate of his
courage, skill, and noble daring. But it does not
follow that because he is entitled to rank as the
" bravest of the brave,5' because when he meets
the enemy three to one he can put him to flight,
that therefore he is the best fitted for command.
Action in battle is one faculty, but the efficient
control of the movements of armies, requires a
distinct talent. A man may possess the one facul-
ty in a preeminent degree, and yet be deficient in
that power of combination and concentration, that
; fertility of resources, that leady adaptation of
; means to an end, which are requisite in the other
; capacity. Most of Napoleon's marshals were
| preeminent in the field, yet none of them was a
i Napoleon. In more than two hundred battles did
! the prowess and unrivalled chivalry of Murat
| shine forth most conspicuously. Yet he never
I was capable of conducting a campaign. And,
; judging from results, such do I regard General
: Taylor. The failure to devise means of crossing
I the Rio Grande, by which the Mexican army, in
! a perfect state of confusion, were enabled to make
| their escape; the long delay upon the Rio Grande
j for the want of a baggage train in a country
: where a wagon had scarcely ever been seen and
| where thousands of pack mules could be easily
j procured, already broken to the service, and un-
, like those taken from the United States, which re-
; quired to be tiained; that after the President had,
! m great haste, sent forward to his command
I 16,698 volunteers, composed of the very choicest
| spirits of the land, he allowed them to remain
: encamped in the unhealthy bottoms of the Rio
, Grande for days, weeks, months, without action,
or the hope of action, when even a change of air
would have given new life to the dcjected volun-
! teer, without honor or the hope of winning it, he
became disgusted, listless, inanimate, and hun-
dreds sickened and died. His again having Am-
! pudia with eleven thousand troops in the hollow
; of his hand, and again turning him loose, have in-
i duced my belief that General Taylor is not the
man to conduct the campaign.
, But I am again asked, why not take some one
, of the junior generals and make him the leader of
the campaign? The policy of such an act is
. doubtful; because J do not wish to dispense with
the services of such men as Taylor and Scott in
1 the field, and under established usages and military
: regulations, a junior cannot rank and command a
' senior officer; and I am told that this rule is so
scrupulously observed in the army that a senior
| officer would sooner lose his life than submit to the
! disgrace of being commanded by his junior. There
t is Major General Butler already in the field: I
