1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
know and duly appreciate his gallantry, his ener-
gy, Ins ability; he is quick to perceive, and fertile
in expedients; I am ready to trust him with all the
power I would confer on any man; yet I believe
an order moving him up to the head of the line
would be fraught with mischief, unless that order
was first sanctioned by an expression of Congress.
There, too, is that cool and intrepid Twiggs, with
a clear head, a warm heart, and iron nerve, whose
noble bearing' and animating voice cheered on our
ranks to victory in the battles of the 8th and 9th of
May, and in the hottest of the fight at Monterey
bore himself no less worthily. But he would not
accept the place without our action. Nor could 1
omit, in this connexion, to point your minds to
that brilliant star in the volunteer service found in
the person of my own constituent and friend, the
brave and generous Quitman. It was his brigade
at Monterey that could not fall "back, but pressed
onward through a blaze of fire with such uncom-
mon daring, to the capture of the first and second
foits; it was his brigade that established the wa-
vering confidence of the country in the valor and
efficiency of volunteers. There, too, is that ac-
complished officer, General Worth, whose merits
shone out so cheeringly from the heights of Mon-
terey, and placed him, in the estimation of many
good judges, in advance of his commanding gen-
eral- Yet what have we seen him do during the
last spring? Basing his pretensions for priority
on his brevet rank, desert his post, abandon the
army, and resign his commission, because he was j
to be commanded by a senior colonel! Nobly, I |
admit, has he wiped out this blot—for blot I did j
regard it at the time upon his escutcheon—by his
good conduct at Monterey; but with his feelings,
I could not take him. The mode I propose is the
easiest, the simplest, justest, and in every respect
most acceptable; and to the action of Congress the
whole army will cheerfully submit.
But who will have a right to complain of such
an appointment? Surely not the regular army and
its officers, because in our army in Mexico the
volunteers will outnumber the regulars by two to !
one. I want rapid movements and a short cam- i
paign; and 1 will not disguise my apprehension of j
those whose profession for life is arms, whose oc- ;
cupation is in the camp. The feeling of the volun-
teers is my feeling. They want to do what is to
be done, quickly and well, and return home. And
it grieves me to the heait to see them wasting1
away in inglorious and " masterly inactivity." It j
is a fact, well known to all of us, that the officers
of the regular army—and I fear General Taylor is
not exempt from it—entertain an undue prejudice
against volunteers, and particularly a distrust of
the volunteer officers. My sympathies and pre-
dilections aie all the other way. I would as soon
rely upon the volunteer force as the regular. When
have they shown themselves incompetent to the
task assigned them ? When did they shrink at
danger's alarm ? The glorious charge of the Mis-
sissTppians and Tennesseeans saved Taylor at
Monterey.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman recollect
that Ohio was there in the thickest of the fight?
Mr. T. resumed. I have not forgotten, and I !
am proud of it. But I am speaking of the advan- ;
tage gained on the eastern side of the city, on the i
21st, when the Mississippians and Tennesseeans
made their brilliant charge and carried two forts,
which electiified the country and astonished the
world. Napoleon ill his best days had no two
regiments superior to these in gallant daring.
Again, when ordered to retreat, their conduct was
unparalleled. I have read of no such feat in the
history of militia or volunteers. These troops
under a galling fire, as was said by their colonel,
never went through their evolutions with more
order on their parade than on that retreat. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haiialson] seemed
to me to make a very unnecessary parade of the
number of their discharges, when he said with so
much emphasis, that five thousand and seventy-
nine of Taylor's command had been discharged.
I ant not surprised, nor do I wonder at such a
fact. Men accustomed to active life, and with
buoyant hopes, to be, suddenly encamped in a
mudhole, or cast upon a burning sand-bar, and
there kept with no employment for two, three, and
four months, their spirits would sink, and their
health must yield. Moreover, it was a rumor,
generally circulated and believed in the southwest,
that General Taylor had more troops than he could
keep employed, and no obstacles whatever were
thrown in the way of their discharges.
I have a few words to say before I conclude, on
the subject of slavery, which has been dragged into
this debate. 1 have been amazed to see gentlemen
who profess a hearty support of the war, introduce
and press this slavery movement. Let tne appeal
to them in the utmost candor, and exhibit the
deleterious influence of their conduct. They be-
lieve, I know they do, that those of thin House
who insist that Mexico is right, and our own Gov-
ernment is in the wiong. are giving all the " aid
and comfort" to the enemy in their power, short
of going over to the enemy and fighting his bat-
tles. Yet, there are more ways of giving '• aid
and comfort" to the enemy than one. One is to
strengthen the arm of the adversary, hy advocating jj
his cause; the other is, to weaken the arm and jj
damp the ardor of our own brave men in the field. |i
The troops are now in the army, from the North jl
and the South, from the East and the West, and !
shoulder to shoulder, hand to hand, they are j|
striking for their country, its honor, and its rights. !|
Proclaim it at the head of your army, that the 11
Congress of the United States had decreed that ,
whatever territory should be won by their joint
valor from the enemy, shall never receive any j
man with his household fiom the southern half of :
this country, and what would be the instinctive '
responsive feeling of all, from every part of the
Union ill that army? It would be a deep disgust
and contempt for the service, and the choicest j
curses would be heaped upon you who did it.
Such would be the feeling of your soldiery. How ,
revolting would it strike the ears of the gallant :
Butler, of Kentucky, and the no less gallant :
Patterson, of Pennsylvania, the chivalnc Quit- [
man, of Mississippi, and the intrepid Hamer, who j
now sleeps with the mighty dead, the dauntless j
Davis, and the daring Mitchell, whose blood now jj
fattens the soil of Mexico, the impetuous Mc- ,!
Clung, and the brave Weller. Affix a stain upon "
a southern man by your acts, a*>d your army is
disbanded. No frien'd of the war will persevere m
this movement. Whether territory shall be ac- }
quued by this war or not, does not yet appear. I
To avenge the wrongs perpetrated upon Ameri-
can citizens, to secure, to them their rights and
just dues, to agree upon1 a fair and honorable
boundary line, and to force an engagement to ,
keep the peace with us, are the objects of the |
war. I do not hold to the doctrine that might
makes right; and I wish the United States to pro- ,
pose no dishonorable terms, nor would I have \
Mexico to accept them. I would that Mexico j
could make us ample indemnity, and keep all her |
territory. She claims Texas; that I would never j
yield; and of course she must part with so much. !
But give us the resources of her commercial sea- '
ports for a series of years, give us the right of way |
through her country to the Pacific, and 1 would be j
content. But a fair indemnity she must make; j
I and no honorable peace can be concluded without j
j it. But how niiiculous to raise a quarrel now,
I while an army thirty or forty thousand strong is j
l arrayed in the field against you. Suppose the
I allied Powers of Europe had discussed and deter- .
; mined the portions of territory each sovereign was :
to annex to his dominions, before they had oyer- j
come and banished Napoleon to Elba. It is idle ,
to suppose that ho could have ever been dethroned, j
I A fair illustration of this question is found m the '
'I early traditionary history of my own State. The :
Natchez tribe of Indians was a warlike people, and j
jj lived in the southern part of Mississippi. The
il Spaniards had erected a fort where the city of,
jj Natchez now stands; and an agreement was entered
jj into between the Natchez and Choctaw Indians, to
:j storm the fort and divide tlic spoil. The day of
attack was fixed; but before the day, the Natchez
| tribe, thirsting for the advantage, attacked the fort,
!i earned it and divided the spoils among themselves.
At the appointed time the Choctaw's made their
'■ appearance, and finding out what had been done,
'' demanded their share of the spoil. This was re-
fused; a conflict ensued, and resulted in the total
and entire destruction of the Natchez people; and
they are no longer among the tribes of inen. From
such a fate, may the good genius of this country
save any and every portion of this Union. As one
man, let us put forth the power of this nation,
and first secure our country's honor and rights;
and then I have an abiding confidence that the
patriotism of our people will triumph, and save
every portion of this country from dishonor and
injustice.
'Mr. BURT next obtained the floor, and remark-
ed that he must be excused if he did not follow
the examples which had been set him in discussing
the causes of the war with Mexico, but confined
himself to the subject properly before the com-
mittee.
Whatever differences of opinion (said he) gentle-
men may entertain m reference to the prosecution
of the war; whether they could carry devastation
and destruction to Mexico, or whether they will
hold military occupation of so much of that coun-
try as is already in possession of our troops, or of
so much as may he sufficient to indemnify us from
Mexico, I maintain that it is indispensably neces-
sary that the regimfnts asked for by this bill should
be authorized by this Congress.
Sir, if it be the purpose of the Government of
the United States to carry on (in the language we
have heard, emanating, I believe fVom a high
source) a u crushing war" against Mexico, I
appeal to the good sense of every man who hears
me, to say whether these troops are not indispen-
sable to the accomplishment of that object. If it
is the determination of Congress to instruct those
who conduct the war to fall back upon the mili-
tary occupation of so much of the territory of
Mexico as is now held by our troops, I ask any
man and every man, if lie supposes that that cor-
don of military posts which it will be necessary to
establish from the mouth of the Rio Grande to the
Gulf of California, can be garrisoned by volun-
teers' I apprehend, on that subject there can be
no diversity of opinion.
If, then, Mr. Chairman, it appear that volunteers
are not so efficient—I do not mean in the field of
battle: I agree entirely to the high tribute the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] has
paid to the valor of our volunteer troops at Mon-
terey, but I could but remember that that hon-
orable gentleman, m alluding to that remarkable
exhibition of gallantry and prowess, was con-
stained himself to admit that il was an exception
to volunteer troops m general,—sir, if in addition
to that it shall appear that they are more expensive
troops than regular troops m the United States ser-
vice, I call upon gentlemen to say with what pie-
ten ce it can be maintained in this House and before
the country that the volunteer troops should be
preferred ?
Now, Mr. Chairman. I beg leave, in addition to
the facts stated by the honoiable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Haralson,]
to give a single one, which is, perhaps, more im-
portant and expressive on this subject than all that
have been adduced. The volunteer troops, sir, un-
der the command of General Taylor on the 21st Sep-
tember last, were twenty-three thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-one. The report of the Adjutant
General was submitted to the Secretary of War on
the 5th December Inst. I take it for granted that the
returns from the army could not have been received
so as to be imbodied in that report, up to a later
period than the 21st November preceding. From
the 21st September, then, to the 21st November of
the same year, the reduction in the volunteer ser-
i vice was 6,661; very nearly one-third—more than
1 one-fourth at least—of the entire force. I ask this
' committee, sir, if it be possible that this country,
with all its vast resources, can maintain a war with
\ troops of that description ?
' Something has been said by gentlemen to-dav,
, sir, respecting the impropriety of discharges being
| granted as they have been. I beg leave to say that
■ it is no part of the duty of the commanding gen-
1 eral in Mexico to control these discharges. I say
i these extraordinary discharges of volunteers were
granted by volunteer officers, and General Taylor
is in no degree responsible for them: and T say that
this fiequency of discharges of volunteers was the
; experience of the country during the last war, and
1 it will be the experience of the country whenet er
volunteer troops are""in tlic field.
' Sir, on the subject of the expenses of thr<?e
troops, I wish, to say a word a*so. The estimp'e*?
! submitted from the Treasury Department, in )eta-
' tion to the expenses of these troops, show that the
required number, if volunteers, would cost the
' Government of the United States, by the time that
they are mustered into the service, the sum of
; $800,000. Before they aie mustemi into the ser-
' vice of the United States, every dollar of the allow-
i! anre which constitutes that sum, arising from trav-
