158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9^
elling pay, and from travelling subsistence, would
be saved by adopting the proposition contained in
the bill. To be sure, some allowance for the pay
and subsistence of regulars, from the time-they are
received into the United States service must be
made, and that deduction must be made from the
eighthundred thousand dollars. I undertake to say,
then, before these troops can be mustered into the
service of the United States, there is in favor of
the regular force a saving of at least $700,000.
And I submit that to gentlemen who are so clamor-
ous here for the substitution of a volunteer force.
In relation to the discharges on the Rio Grande,
I beg leave to say that gentlemen very greatly mis-
conceive when they suppose that one thousand, or
even any very great number of these troops, have
died by disease, or accident. We have, sir, from
the official sources accurate information on that
subject, and from them it is shown that they amount
to something over five hundred men.
In any view, then, which can be taken of this
subject, whether we look to the efficiency of the
service—I do not mean their valor on the field of
battle—but I mean the preservation of the health,
the preservation of the forces in the campaign, or
whether we look to the expenses of organizing an
army, it seems to me that this committee cannot
hesitate which to choose.
The remarks, Mr. Chairman, of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] make it ne-
cessary that I should say a few words in explana-
tion of the views of the Committee on Military
Affairs, in reporting against the recommendation
of a " lieutenant geneial," (as the gentleman in his
amendment is pleased to call it.) I trust it is not
necessary that I here should disclaim for that com-
mittee any intention to he disrespectful to the Presi-
dent of the United Slates, or to the Secretary of
War. I was utterly amazed that any man could :
suppose, however infatuated a partisan he might j
be, that motives of that description actuated for a i
moment that committee. What are the facts, sir?
A special message of the President, on the 4th of
this month, was sent to Congress. In that mes-
sage he asks for prompt, energetic action; for a
speedy consideration of the proposition which he
makes. Sir, it was a military suggestion; it was
submitted to the Military Committee; as military
men they felt it to be their duty to act promptly;
their minds were made up, and they without delay
reported the result to this House. That recom-
mendation, Mr. Chairman, is for the creating an
extraordinary military office. It is unusual in our
service; it is unusual in the service of any Euro-
pean Po\vcr; and m my estimation, extraordinary
and momentous considerations alone should have
authori/.ed its recommendation by the President,
or could justify this Congress in its adoption.
What, sir, are the reasons assigned in this mes-
sage, the special message of the President, in favor
of the appointment of that officer? Why, that it
is believed that ail officer of that description is
indispensable to the command of an army consist-
ing of regular and volunteer troops. Now, I
undertake to say, that is the only reason assigned
by the President. That message, remember you,
was intended to commend the creation of this office
to the consideration of Congress. I suppose that
the President assigned, in that message, every rea-
son that existed. I know of no other reason, sir.
I must be pardoned, Mr. Chairman, if I do not
adopt the reasons assigned by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ficklin,] taken from some misera
ble scribbler for a newspaper, or if I decline to
adopt those of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Thompson,] taken perhaps from a baser
source—common rumor. I must take the Presi-
dent to have spoken ah the reasons that existed,
and to have spoken truly the reasons that did
exist.
.Now, Mr. Chairman, I beg leave to inquire
whether there is, in the military history of this
country, any precedent for that office? There is
none during the last war. During that war, at
one time, there were twenty-four general officers in
the field, viz : eight major generals^ and sixteen
brigadier generals. There were then regular troops
and volunteers in the field. No such officer was
recommended; the necessity of no such officer was
seen by any one.
But, looking back into the military history of
the country, we find, sir, that in 1798, during the
unsettled and hostile relations which existed be-
tween France and the United States, there was
authority given for the appointment of a lieutenant
general, who should command the armies of the
United States; and I beg very briefly your atten-
tion to the circumstances under which that act was
passed.
When the military peace establishment of 1796
was ascertained and established, there were but
four regiments of infantry, and two corps of rifle-
men and engineers. A major general was autho-
rized, and one brigadier general. Very soon after
the enactment of that statute, a law was passed
directing the major general to be discharged, and
leaving as the highest officer known in the service
of the United States, one brigadier general. Sir,
those who are familiar with the history of that
period, (and I must assume that gentlemen on this
floor are familiar with it,) will remember that in
1798 it became almost apparent that open hostili-
ties with France, that a war on our very coast, was
inevitable; and the eyes of the whole people of
these United States were directed to one man. By
a letter from Alexander Hamilton to General
Washington, of the 19th May, 1798, he is told
that the eyes of the people of the United States
are directed to him, to command the forces of the
country, which were then thought to be necessary
to be brought into the field. General Washing-
ton, in reply, stated that he could not, in such an
emergency as that, withhold from his country any
service that it might be in his power to render.
The 28th of that month, that act was passed, and
it was passed specially that the Father of his Coun-
try might again lead its arms against the enemy of
his country. The distinguished biographer of
Washington (Maishall) tells us, that at that time,
no man in the United States hut Washington would
have been intrusted with the power which that
office confeired. You know that there was a
povveiful French party in the United States; you
know that that party openly advocated the cause ]
of France; that the French Government, by its i
authority, was openly interfering to overthrow the ;
Government of ^he United States. Washington ,
believed that to be the case. And even then there j
was but one man in these United States that the !
country was willing to invest with the high power ■
that belongs to that office. Sir, I will not trouble
this House with reading the letters which passed
between the President of the United States and
General Washington in relation to that subject; but
he tells General Washington, that he needs his
advice; that he needs his advice respecting the or-
ganization of the army; that he needs his advice
respecting the appointment of officers m that army;
and Washington freely rendered it, Washington,
on that occasion, advised the number of troops;
he advised the mode of officering those troops; he
submitted to the President of the United States a
list of officers for the respective high commands in
those troops. It is known, sir, to those who are
familiar with that portion of our history, that the
officers who had distinguished themselves during
the revolutionary war had gone with Washington
into private life. The army had been disbanded,
and the President looked to Washington—the
country looked to Washington—as the only man
who could call those officers from retirement; who
could arrange them best according to their abilities,
and who could unite a distracted country. That
office was created for Washington, and Washing-
ton alone. And I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, who is there now oil whom the eyes of
this great people are turned? What, sir, is the
occasion, when this extraordinary office is pro-
posed to be created ? The army in 1798 was to be
organized—to be officered; there was but*one man
who could be entrusted with the authority. What
is the case now5 You have an organized army in
the field, of some twenty-five thousand men. You
have there, sir, a Taylor and a Scott.
[A voice: And Scott?
Mr. B. Yes; and Scott.]
Who, sir, are the officers (continued he) whom
it is proposed now to supersede? One of them
an officer that has won every battle he has ever
fought; who has never met an enemy without
making him his prisoner—an officer who, with
Jackson, alone, of modern times, I believe, has
gone down among the people with his reputation,
and who, like Jackson, will be remembered by a
grateful country. What, sir, was the language of
this Congress to him during its last session ? A
vote of thanks; the vote of a gold medal—the very
highesttnbute a grateful country can pay to a great
and successful general. What, sir, was the course
of the Executive towards that officer? He was
breveted for his gallantry on the Rio Grande.
When this Congress authorized the President to
appointamajor general, in addition to the existing
military establishment, I say that every eye in this
Confederacy was directed to General Taylor; and,
in obedience to the voice of the country, the Presi-
dent nominated him for the command.
Mr. B. was here abruptly cut off, by the fall of
the Chairman's hammer—the hour for the termi-
nation of the debate having arrived.
THE VOTE.
The hour of two having arrived, the committee,
in pursuance of the order of the House, proceeded
to vote.
The first section of the bill having been read—
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend it, by add-
ing between the word 54 President," where it first
occurs in the section, and the words " one regi-
ment of dragoons," the words "/or and driving the
ivar with J\Ie~xico," so that it would read, "under
{ the direction of the President, for and during the
4 war with Mexico, one regiment of dragoons and
* nine regiments of infantry."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARALSON moved to add buglers between
the words "non-commissioned officeis" and the
word "musicians," so that it would read "non-
commissioned officers, buglers, musicians, and
privates," &c.
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARALSON moved to add between the
words " and allowances" and the words " bo sub-
ject to the same regulations," the words "according
to their respective grades «nrf," so that it would read
" and who shall receive the same pay, rations, and
4 allowances, according to their respective grades,
t and be subject to the same regulations."
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the bill, by add-
ing at the end of the first section the following:
"And provided further, That it shall not be lawful for tlie
President to appoint to any office autiionzed by tins act any
member of tlie piesent Congress."
The committee was divided, and the tellers re-
ported, in favor of the amendment 97, against it 76.
So the amendment was agreed to by the com-
mittee.
Mr. WHITE offered the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the first section:
"That the said officers, musicians, and privates, hereby
authouzed to be raided or employed for the service of the
United States, shall be immediately discharged from said
service upon cessation of hostilities with the republic of
Mexu-o ; oi upon an agreement to treat for peace and amity
by said republic with the United States."
Mr. THURMAN moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " or upon an agree-
ment to treat for peace and amity by said republic
with the United States."
Mr. WHITE accepted Mr. Thurman's amend-
ment, and the question was taken on the amend-
ment as modified, and the tellers reported, in favor
of the amendment 91, against it 49.
So Mr. White's amendment was agieed to by
the committee.
The second section being read—
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend by striking
out the words " and for the regiments of dragoons,
artillery, infantry, engineer soldiers, and riflemen,
of the present establishment, shall be during the
war or five years at the option of the recruit," and
substitute therefor the following, " shall be during
the war with Mexico unless sooner discharged."
The amendment was agreed to.
The third section being read—
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved to add thereto
the following:
"And thatall officers who are incompetentor disqualified
to discharge their duties as such otheers he discharged from
the public scrvicc."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RATHBUN, in order to test the sense of
the committee, moved to strike out the third sec-
tion.
The motion was disagreed to.
The fourth section was then read and agreed to.
The fifth section was then read—
Mr. HARALSON moved, by direction of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to strike out the
fifth section.
