1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to strike out the fifth
Section and insert as follows, viz:
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each volunteer,
non-cinnmtssioncd officer, musician, and private, who has
volunteered ot may volunteer for a period Jess than during
the war, and who shall have gone or may go mtu the ser-
vice, and have received an honorable discharge, shall be
entitled to three months' additional pay, and to a warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, to be located on
any land belonging to the United States, subject to entry at
the date of said warrant.
"Sec. 6. And be it. further enacted, That there shall be
allowed and paid to each non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian, and private, who shall, after the passage of tins act,
enlist or volunteer in the service of the United States for a
period of five years, or during the war with Mexico, a
bounty ot fifteen dollars : but the payment of ten dollar? of
said bounty shall be deferred until the soldier enlisting shall
join the regiment or corps m which he is to serve, and until
the soldier volunteering shall be mustered into the service
of the United States.
a Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That eacli non com-
missioned olficei, muMCian, or private, in the army of me
United States, who ha5? enlisted or volunteered, or who
sdiall enlist in the army or volunteer in the seivice of the
United States, for a penod of five years, or dunng the war
with Mexico, t-hall be each entitled, on his receiving an
honorable discharge from the army, to a warrant for ihrce
hundied and twenty acres of land; to be located on any
land belonging to the United States subject to entry at the
date of said warrant
"Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the widow, if there
he one; if there be no widow, then th" child or clnldien, if j
thete be any; and,if there lie no child, then the iaihei oi
mothei of any non-commissioned officer, musician, or pri-
vate, of the army of the United States, or militia or volun-
teers m the same, who has been or may be killed in battle,
or has died or may die in setvice during the war with Mexi-
co, shall be entitled to a wariant for the same quantity of
land to winch such non-commissioned officer, musician, or
private, would have been entitled had he received an hon-
orable disehaige, and shall be entitled to locate the same
upon any lands m the United States subject to entry at the
date ot ^aid wairant.
"Sec. 9, And be it farther cnacted, That each non-commis-
sioned officer, musician, and private, who has enlisted and
shall have served a reguhu term of enlistment, or who has
volunteered for twelve' months and shall have served for that
period, and who shall have leeeived an honorable disehaige,
who shall, within one month after such disehaige, again en-
list or volunteer to serve for and during the existing war,
•shall be entitled to receive an additional bounty of one years
half-pav. omi-half of said bounty to be paid at the time such
soldiei shall enhst or such volunteer shall be mustered into
service, and the other halt when such enlisted soldier or
volunteer shall receive an honorable discharge."
The question being on the foregoing amendment
of Mr. Tibbatts—
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to amend it
by striking out all and inserting as follows:
"That each volunteer non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian or private, who has volunteered, or who mav volunteer
tor twelve months, or during the war, or who has enh>tQd,
or who may enlist for five years or duiing the war, shall be
entitled toreceivc tlnee months additional pay at the end of
his time, or upon receiving an honoiable discharge from
the seivice, and also a wairant lor one hundred and sifty
acres ofland,tobe located upon auy&uiveyed lands belong-
ing to the United States "
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL moved to amend
Mr. Tibbatts's amendment by striking out the
words "three months' additional pay," in section
fifth, and inserting ten dollars per month.
The question was taken on Mr. McDowell s
amendment and lost.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jacob
Thompson's amendment to Mr. Tibb atts's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. GRAHAM moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Tibbatts, by striking out all thereof
and inserting—
"Be it caaded, Sre., That each private soldier,musician,
and nnn-oominissiomid o If ice r who 1ih> been in the legular
urmv or volunteer service of die United States si nee the fust
day ot M iv last, or who i? now or may hereafter be in the
seivicf of the tame, shall l>« entitled to receive and bo paid
three dollars per month m addition to the present pay (ma-
kin* StO per month) during the time he has served or may
serve "his country as aforesaid until the end of the «ar
against Mexico. .
" Sec. . Amlbeit further enacted, That each private sol-
dier musician, and non-commissioned officer, who is now
seiv'in" ot shall serve-tile United States, either in the reg-
ular a'mv or as a volunteer for twelve months, oj- until the
end of the war against Me\ieo, shall he entitled to receive
a wanaiu loi one mmdied and sixty acres of the puhlic land
upon Ins obtaining and prcsf ntinit an honoiable discharge.
"Sec - Jlnd be it further waded, That if anvprivate sol-
dier musician, or non-commissioned officer, shall he killed
or die in the regulator voliinteci service of the United States
after having been irmsteied info the service of the same for
twelve months, or until tlie end of the war against Mexico,
lus'wife and child or children, ll there he any, and if none,
then his f.ithei. and if no father then his mother, -hall be
entitled to receive from Government a wauantlorone hun-
dred and -ixty acres of the public land.''
Mr. Graham's amendment was rejected.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Tibbatts, by striking out all thereof and
inserting:
"That each volunteer, non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian, and private, who has volunteered or may volunteer
foi twelve months or during the war, or who has enlisted or
may enli-t for five years or dunng the war, shall bo entitled
to three months additional pay at the end of his term of ser-
vice, or upon receiving an honorable discharge, and to a
wariant for oi.e hundred and MAty acres, to be located upon
any land subject to private entry."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CUMMINS moved to amend the 8th sec-
tion of Mr. Tibbatts, by striking out all after the
enacting clause of said section, and inserting:
" Sec. 8. That the child or children, if there be any, and
if there be no child or children then the father or mother,
and if theie be no child or children, father or mother, then
the next of kin ot the blood of any non-commissioned offi-
cer, musician, or pnvate, of the aimy of the United States,
or inihtia, or volunteers serving in the army, who maybe
killed in battle or die in the service during the existing war
with Mexico, shall be entitled to a wairant for one hundred
and sixty acres of land, and shall be entitled to locate the
same upon any lands of the United States subject to entry
at the time said warrants are located: Provided, always,
That the widows of the non-commissioned officer?, musi-
cians, and privates, who may die or be killed as aforesaid,
shall, in all case*, be entitled to have and enjoy a life estate
in the Kinds afore>aid foi winch their ic&pective husbands*
mav have served, which said condition granting a life e>tate
to the widow aforesaid, shall be expressed in the patents
i>sued up.m the wat rants last aforesaid."
The CHAIR ruled this amendment out of order
at this time.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. Tibbatts, by striking out all
thereof, and inserting as follows:
" Be it farther enactcd, That, from the commencement of
the war with Mexico until the termination thereof, the
monthly pay of the non-commissioned officers, mus-icians,
and privates, of the aimy of the United States, and the
militia and volunteers m the service, shall be increased three
dollars per month each.
" Sec. 2. Aru). be it further enacted, That each volunteer,
non-commissioned officer, musician, and private, who has
volunteered, or who may volunteer, for a period less than
duiin? the war, andjvho shall have gone, or may go, into
actual seivtce, and remain until he is honorably discharged,
shall be entitled to a warrant forone hundred and sixty at res
of land belonging to the United States, and subject to entry
at the date of <aid warrant.
" Sec. 3. And be 11 further cnacted, '^hat there shall be
allowed and paid to each non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian, and private, who, since the 1st day of May last, may
have enlisted or voiuntered, or who shall enlist or volunteer
in the service of the United State?, for a period of five \eai«
or duiing the war with Mexico, a bount\ of fifteen dollars;
but to those who mav hereafter enlist ot voluntcei, the pay-
ment of ten dollars of said bounty shall be withheld until the
soldier onh-ting "-hall join the corps in which he is to seive,
and the noldiet volunteering tJiall be mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States.
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That each non-com-
missioned officer, musician, or private, in the army of the
United States at the commencement of the war with Mexi-
co, or who shall enlist in the army or volunteer in the ser-
vice of the United States for a period of five years or during
the existence of the war with Mexico, and who shall serve
until the termination of said war, or until honorably dis-
charged from the army, shall be entitled to ,i warrant for
three hundred and twenty acres of land belonging to the Uni-
ted States sublet to entry.
"Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That the widow, if
there be one; if there be no widow, then the child or chil-
dren if there be auv; and, if there be no child, then the
fatbei or mother, if theie he either; and, if there be neither
fathei nor mother, then the biothers and Asters, of any non-
commissioned officer, musician, or private, of the army of
the United States, or militia or volunteers in the same, who it
has been or mav be killed in battle, or has died in service II
during the war with Mckico, or who has died oi may die of [j
wounds received or Mdcness or disease incuired while m ;
the seiviee of the United States, after their disehaige fiom |j
the army, shall be entitled to a wairant lor the same quan- ji
tvtv of land to which such non-commissioned ofiieei, inut-i- |[
cian or pMvate. of the at my of the United States, or militia I]
or volunteers, would have been entitled under the second h
and fouitli sections of this act,mid >hall be entitled to locate j!
the same upon any land m the United States subject to j!
entry.*' . [i
Mr. Robert Smith's amendment was rejected. ,,
Mr. COCKE offered the following as a substi-
tute for Mr. Tibbatts's amendment:
" That from and after the first day of May la^t, and until
the close of the war with Mexico, the monthly pay of each
non-eommi'Sionod officer, musician, and private, in the
army of the United States, and the militia and volunteers in
the service of the same, shall he increased thiee dollais per
i month. .
u c?ec  • And he it further enacted. That each non-com-
missioned officer, musician, and pnvate, in the army of the
United States, and the militia and vohmteeis in the service
of t^ie same, who have served oi may hereafter serve tlvec
months in the war with Mexico, havinj fiis-t obtained an
honorable disehaige, shall be entitled to a wan ant foi one
bundled and sixty acres of land belonging to the 1 nited
"'"'sec. —. M le it fmther enacted, That each non-com-
missioned officer, musician, and private, iti the army of the
United States, and the militia and volunteers in the sen ice
of the -ame who may have served or who may hereafter
serve twelve months in the war with Mexico having first
obtained ail honoiable discharge, shall be entitled to a war-
rant for three hundred arid twenty acres of land belonging to
the United States.
" Sec. —• Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the fiist day of May last, and until the close of the war with
Mexico, each non-commissioned officer, musician, and pri-
vate, in the army of the United States, and the militia and
volunteers in the service of the same, who may have been
discharged bv reason of sickness or other disability, shall be
entitled to receive three months' extia pay at the time of
such discharge.
"Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the widow, if
there be one; and, if there be no widow, then the heirs-at-
law, of any non-commissioned officer, musician, or private,
of the army of the United States, or militia or volunteers in
the same, who has been 01 may be killed in battle, or has
died or may die in service dunng the war with Mexico,
shall be entitled to a warrant for three hundred and twenty
acres of land belonging to the United States.
"Sec.—. Andbeitfurther enacted,, That all land warrants
intended to be granted by this act shall be located upon any
lands belonging to the United States subject to entry at the
date of said warrant, piovided no location shall be made
after two years from the date of said warrants."
Mr. Cocke's amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend Mr. Tibbatts's
amendment, by adding the followingadditional sec-
tion thereto:
" Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That any person who
shall have volunteered as a private or non-commissioned
office i during the last wai with Great Britain, and who >liall
have been in actual service for at least three months, and
has been killed in battle or died m the service, or received
an honorable disehaige, or any militiaman who shall have
served in actual service for the term afoiesaid, or who ban
been killed in battle or died while in the seivice, shall each
receive one hundred and sixty acres of land, to be selected
as designated in the fourth section of this act."
Mr. Sawyer's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CUMMINS again moved to amend the 8th
section of Mr. Tibbatts's amendment, by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting; the
same substitue which he had previously offered,
and which may be found above.
Mr. TIBBATTS accepted Mr. Cummins's
amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Tibbatts's
amendment as modified; and it was rejected.
The question next recurred on Mr. Haralson's
amendment, to strike out the fifth section of the bill.
And the question being put, the amendment was
agreed to. So the fifth section of the bill was
stricken out.
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the bill, by
adding an additional section, as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to
the Adjutant Gcnetal's department one assistant adjutant
general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a lieutenant
colonel of cavalry, and two assistantadjutant fjenetal*, with
the brevet rank, pay, and emoluments of a captain of cav-
alry, to be appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, in the same manner, and be
charged with the same duties, as those authorized by exist-
ing Jaws." #
The question being put, the amendment was
disagreed to; the tellers reporting, for the amend-
ment 83, against it 85.
Mr. TRUMBO moved to amend, by adding the
following additional section to the bill:
" Be it enacted, ■$v., That, from the commencement of the
war with Mexico until theteimination theieof, the monthly
pay of the non-commissioned oftieeis, musicians, and pn-
vates of the army of the United States, and the nnhtia and
volunteers in the service of the same, shall be increased
three dollais per month each."
The question was taken by tellers, and there
i were, for the amendment G3, against it 77. So it
j was rejected.
! Mr. CARROLL moved to amend the bill, by
! adding the following as an additional section:
" And be it.further enactcd, That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint five additional surgeons and fifteen
! additional si^^tant surgeons m the icgulat aunyof the Uni-
< ted States, subject to the piovi«ionsof an net entitled 4 An
act to mcifa^e and regulate the pay ot the surgeons and
assistant surgeons of the annv,' approved June"30. 1834;
and that the officers whose appointment-: ate authorized by
this section shnli receive the pay and allowances of officers
of the same grades respectively; and that the rank of the
officers, of the medical department of the army shall be ar-
ranged upon the ^aine ba<w which at piesent determines
the amount of their pay and emoluments."
This amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. CARROLL proposed the following as an
! additional section:
, i <• And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he
! i« hei ebv, authorized, by and with the advice and consent of
j, the Senate, to appoint one surgeon and one assistant surgeon
i'1 foi each of the regiments created bv thi*. act; the said sui-
i. geons and assistant surgeons to be discharged at the end of
' the war with Mexico."
This amendment was as reed to.
:i Mr. BOYD oiTered the following as an additional
li section to the bill:
