1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
swering, evades the question, saying, he will answer
my question when 1 shall have answered a ques-
tion which he propounds. Now, if we have any
purpose m this discussion beyond the mere ban-
dying of words, if we have met in deliberation
on the propriety of settling a rule as to the right
action of this body, the Senator from South Caro-
lina ought not to decline to answer a question which
is before the Senate, until he (Mr. B.) should have
answered another question, not before the Senate.
Mr. B. should have no difficulty, however, in
answering the question put to him. Was the Vice
President, then, when in the Representative Hall,
present or absent? Undoubtedly he was absent,
unless he possessed the attribute of ubiquity. As
this attribute did not belong to him, he had no
hesitation in saying that if the Vice President was
in the Representative Hall, he was nqt in the Sen-
ate Chamber. He could not be personally present
in this Hall and in the other. If he was absent
from this Hall, he was absent according to the
constitutional sense, and according to common
parlance. He would ask, whether, if the Vice
President came to the Capitol in the morning, and
went to the House of Representatives instead of
the Senate, and wrote to a Senator to take his
place, he had any power to do so ?
The rule was to receive a reasonable interpreta-
tion, m accordance with the Constitution, and was
never intended to be so construed as to overturn
the practice of the Senate. What did the Consti-
tution say ? That the Senate—not may, but shall,
in the absence of the Vice President, appoint a
Presidentpro tem. And what was the rule ? There
was not a word in it which indicated in the slight-
est degree, that this was to be done whenever the
Vice President went out of the Chamber. The rule
of the Senate permits him, when going out of this
Chamber, to name a Senator to take the chair, but
not to continue in it beyond the adjournment. He
shall have power to name—where? In this Cham-
ber. For what purpose? To occupy the chair.
For how long? Not beyond the adjournment.
The rule supposes the Senate to be in session. It
applies to the Senate in session, and did not ex-
tend beyond adjournment. What, then, had the
rule to do v/ith a case like this? The Senate as-
sembled this morning—the hour of meeting arri-
ved—the Chaplain had offered up the usual suppli-
cation; but no Vice President appeared. The ques-
tion, then, naturally arises: Is the Vice President
absent or present ? It is to be supposed tha#he is#
absent. For when the Constitution speaks of ab-
sence or presence, it means as to this body—absent
from, or present in this body. We are, then,
bound to elect a President pro tem. There is no
escape. If the rule gives the power to the Vice
President to appoint, it is in direct opposition to
the Constitution, and is, therefore, void. But the
rule has no such purpose. It was competent for
the Vice President to call a member to preside
during a temporary absence, but not beyond an
adjournment.
The view of the Senator from Kentucky was
conclusive under the rule. He could not see how
the Vice President could absent himself all the ses-
sion, and appoint a substitute day after day. It
was the duty of the Senate to elect a President pro
tem. No time could be more appropriate for the
settlement of this question, when it can be done
without bias or passion. In regard to the selection
of a presiding officer by the Senate, all, no doubt,
would concur in the choice of the honorable gen-
tleman named by the Vice President; but he wish-
ed him to be appointed by the proper authority.
Mr. CALHOUN had no idea, when the subject
was introduced, that he should make any remarks.
He would now, however, ask permission to add a
few more. He had no doubt that the subject had
been brought forward from conscientious motives.
As to the two questions which had been put to
him by the Senator, he would now answer: first,
that he never did make an appointment of a sub-
stitute, for the reason that he was never absent
from the chair. Had the occasion required any
such course, he would have deliberated very much
before he would have determined oil his course.
Secondly, as to whether a person appointed by the
Vice President would, in the event of the death of
the Vice President, stand in his place with refer-
ence to the Presidency. To this, he would answer
that he would not; because he would neither be
the Vice President nor the President pro tempore.
There are two points on which doubts may exist.
What was the true interpretation of the rule which
he had already noticed. He did not, however,
give a positive opinion. Then as to the meaning
of the word "absent" _
Mr. BADGER. There is no such word in the
rule.
Mr. CALHOUN. First: What was the true
construction of the rule? Without determining
what was the true construction, he had said that
he had his doubts. The whole question turned
on the word "absent." The rule was not intended
to be in repugnance to the Constitution. His own
course was influenced by the practice of the Sen-
ate. The question, whether the rule conforms to
the Constitution, was not fairly before the Senate.
He wished the practice to conform to the rule.
The rule applied to the Vice President as well as
the President pro tem. There was no distinction.
In the case of Mr. Southard, he was a long time
ill, and the respect in which he was held, induced
the Senate to act towards him with great forbear-
ance, in which both sides concurred. The rule did
not contemplate that the Vice President should be
always in the chair when fhe called a substitute.
He might do it from his sick bed. There could
be no party feeling mixed up with this question.
The only object of all was to conform the practice
of the Senate to the rule, and he would be willing
to go into the subject at a proptr time. The best
way was now to vote down the resolution.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the resolution on
the table, with the view of referring the subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary, should the motion
prevail.
Mr. BENTON adverted to the practice of the
Senate at the period when Mr. Gaillard presided.
That practice continued until Mr. Southard was
appointed. Then it was changed. He thought,
at that time, that the change derogated from the
rights of the Senate. He did not remember that
he made any remarks on the subject. He thought
that the practice of naming a substitute from day
to day was not consistent with the dignity and
rights of the Senate, and that the proper way was
to go into an election of a President pro ttm.
Some conversation here took place between Mr.
H. JOHNSON and Mr. CALHOUN as to the
time when the rule was adopted.
Mr. H. JOHNSON thought the construction
put on the rule by the Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Badger] was the correct one.
Mr. SPEIGHT said it was adopted in 1819.
Mr. BADGER called for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Sevier's motion to lay the resolution on the
table, and they were ordered.
Mr. BAGBY said he should vote to lay the
resolution' on the table, for the purpose, in case the
motion should prevail, of submitting a resolution
to proceed to the election of a President pro tem.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Sevier to lay the resolution upon the table,
and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Alton, Ashley, Athertou, Ilagby llreese,
Bright, Calhoun. Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Houston, Niles, Rusk, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Tmney,
Westcott, and Yulee—91.
NAVH Messrs Archer, Badger, Benton. Berrien. P.utlcr.
Cameron, Cilley, Thomas Clayton, John iVT. Clayton, Cor-
wm, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Greene, Huntington. Jar-
nagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Man-
gum, Miller, Pearee, Phelps, Simmons, Upham, Webster,
and Woodbridge—26.
The question then recurring upon the resolution
of Mr. Crittenden—
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that he had voted for
laying the resolution on the table, because the Sen-
ator from Alabama had intimated his purpose im-
mediately to offer a resolution, as a substitute for
this, and he should cheerfully vote for it. _ He
thought it was not competent to the Vice President
to appoint a substitute while he was not in the
chair. All the officcs of the Senate should be filled
up so as to provide against every contingency.
Mr. ATCHISON was about to make an intima-
tion, when .
Mr. SEVIER rose to the question of order.
The chair being vacant, the Secretary would have
to receive the ballots, or preside until an appoint-
ment was made.
" Certainly, certainly," from all quarters.
Mr. Atchison then left the chair.
Mr. BREESE said he desired to make one or
two remarks, and he would premise them by say-
ino- that no one who knew the honorable Senator
from Kentucky would suppose for a moment that
he had any other than the best and purest motives
in offering the resolution under consideration.
None other, he was satisfied, had actuated him.
Mr. B. said, if it was now for the first time-to
place a construction upon the twenty-third rule
under which the Vice President had acted, in
naming the Senator to preside for the day over the
deliberations of the Senate, he did not know but
that he should vote for the resolution; but the rule
in question had received a construction by the uni-
form action of the Senate, as he was informed by
older members, ever since it was adopted, and in
conformity with the act of the Vice President; and
he submitted, if long practice under the rule, ac-
quiesced in without question as to its propriety,
was not some evidence of the real meaning and
intention of the rule. Mr. B. said, that the power
given by the Constitution to the Senate, to choose
a President pro tem., in the absence of the Vice
President, was, if he recollected the history of the
Senate, early called into exercise, as the Vice Presi-
dents, in the younger days of the republic, were
not in the habit uf attending the Senate at the open-
ing of the session, but of being absent, and also of
being absent some weeks previous to the adjourn-
ment, in order that the Senate might choose a Presi-
dent pro tem., who, in a certain contingency, not
very likely to happen, should exercise the powers
of President of the United States. Such an elec-
tion as this, (Mr. B. said,) in the actual absence of
the Vice President, gave to the President pro tem.,
who might be elected, all the powers of the Vice
President, and the emoluments also pertaining to
the place. Now the rule, Mr. B. apprehended,
was intended to provide only for temporary ab-
sence or present inability of the Vice President,
in which casualties the Vice President or President
pro tem., might name a Senator to perform the duties
of the chair, but which substitution should not
extend beyond an adjournment, making it clear
that such Senator named was in no respect to be
considered as President pro tem., but a mere sub-
stitute for the presiding officer, who would have
no power to sign bills, nor right to receive the ad-
ditional compensation provided by law, he acting
merely for the day as a substitute.
Mr. B. said it had been urged by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] that tire Vice
President or President pro tem. must name the Sen-
ator who shall discharge the duties of the chair,
from the chair itself. Mr. B. said he did not think
so; the rule does not so confine him, and he sub-
mitted, if such was the intention of the rule, if the
phraseology would not have been different. It
would have then been, Mr. B. thought, shall have
the right " to call" a member to the chair. Giving
him the right to name the Senator, conferred upon
him a power which could as well be exercised out
of the Chamber as in it, and provided for casual-
,ieThe same rule existed in regard to the Speaker
of the House; and he (Mr. B.) said he understood
that the uniform practice under it had been for the
Speaker, when absent from the House in case of
sickness or other casualty, to name a membei to
preside for the day.
Mr. WEBSTER said he should vote for this
resolution, although the practice of the Senate had
been otherwise. " The Vice President had now
done what his predecessors had done, but it was
an irregular practice, and it was time that an end
should be put to it; and if an end were put to it
now, no one could impute any personal motive to
the Senator moving in it. He should, therefore,
vote for the resolution of the Senatoi frora Ken-
tucky and then he hoped the rule would be taken
up and referred. His recollection would not carry
him back to the time when the alteration took
place; but he was under the impression that the
rule and practice of the Senate respecting the elec-
tion of a President pro tem. had been changed. It
appeared to him there had always been a Presi-
dent nrn tem. to take the chair when the Vicc Presi-
dent was absent, and that was the true course, lie
was not in the Senate at a period so early as that
when Mr. Gaillard presided so great a portion of
the session, but he thought he could not be mis-
taken in saying that the practice at that time was,
to elect a President pro tem., and he remained Pres-
; ident pro tem. whether m or out of the chair, ready
! to take it when the Vice Presidentwas not present.
1 But then there came a question of terminating, ipso
facto, the office of the President pro tem. on the re-
1 turn of the Vice President. 11 was m these words:
