164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
" When the Vice President resumes his chair, the
office of President pro tern, ceases." He knew not
when that rule was adopted, but it was a matter of
very great importance, in his judgment, that there
should always be such an officer as a Presidentpru
tan. of the Senate; and, therefore, in that respect,
the rule required reconsideiation and revision. He
could not help observing another thins: which had
happened, and which he hoped would not occur
again. If he was not mistaken, at the extra ses-
sion, after the inauguration of the Chief Magis-
trate, the Vice President did not vacate his seat till
the final adjournment of the session; so that, till
the commencement of the next session there was j
no such officer as a President pro tem. of the Sen- j
ate. Now, in the contemplation of law, more es- |
pecially of the rule of Congress, there should be '
such an officer, who, in case of the death of the
President and Vice President, became himself Pres-
ident. He did not know but it might ha\e been an
oversight, but the Vice President's not vacating the
chair at the extra session had left the Senate no
opportunity to appoint a President pro tem. And !
what made it the more important was, as every
member of the Senate would see, that there was
more than one-half of every other year in which
there was no Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives; that was, from the termination of the last
session of a Congress there could be no such officer
as Speaker of the House of Repiesentatives until
another session of Congiess, when the members
came together and elected a Speaker. And what
•would be the consequence in such a case as that
to which he had referred, viz: when there was no
President pro tem. and no Speaker of the House of
Representatives—if the President and Vice Presi-
dent should both die? In such a case, where
would be the Government of the United Suites ?
These were important questions. He hoped,
therefore, this rule would go to a proper com-
mittee for revision, and that such a course would
be adopted as would enable the Government to
have always such an officer, and that the Gov-
ernment would not be dissolved for want of a prop-
er officer on whom the authority of the President
and Vice President may devolve in case of emer-
gency. He should, therefore, vote for this resolu-
tion; and if nobody else did, he would then move
that the 23d rule be referred to some committee.
Mr. CALHOUN suid thcSenator from Alabama
[Mr. Bagby] had given notice that he would move
the reference of the rule; and he now submitted to
all sides of the Senate whether, if there was a doubt j
respecting the interpretation of the ruie, when it :
had been interpreted m one way for more than half |
a century, it was proper thus to change the prac- j
ticc? This was but the work of one day. Mr. j
Dai.las would be there to-morrow, or a person :
would be appointed in his place, and was it worth
while to consume an entire day in making such an
appointment? Would it not be more proper to
refer it to a committee ? Let a committee examine
it, and if the rule was wrong, let it be altered. He
did not think there was much in the queMion, but
if theie was a rational doubt, let the rule he al- ;
tered.
Mr. BAGBY repeated what he had heretofore 1
said, that if this resolution were laid on the table, j
he would move to go into an election for President
pro tem.; and m pursuing that course he was not
at all influenced by the practice heretofore pursued ;
in this body, for there were precedents both ways, ;
aud, indeed, almost every way. But the point j
which had struck him most was, that the organi- •
zation of this body had been incomplete, not "only [
for the despatch of business, but in consideration '
of the provision of the Constitution. There was, !
in or,her words, an important offieer absent, in 1
whom to invest executive functions in certain con- 1
tingoncies. Now, whether the Vice President be
present or absent, was a matter that was not of'
much moment. But, if he were not here at his '
station, he was, to all intents and purposes, ab- j
sent. Beyond all doubt and controversy the Vice ,
President was not now present, and the Constitu-
tion provided that when the Vice Piesident was i
not here to perform the duties of Vice President in 1
this body, that then the Sen.ite should choose their
own President. There was great force in the ob-
servations of the Senator from South Carolina.
An inquiry into that rule was proper; but in the
mean time an appointment must be made from
day to day in the absence of fhe Vice President, as
was the case in the absence of Mr. Southard; and
thus an officer might be sitting here without au-
thority. tie now, therefore, begged leave to move
an amendment to the resolution o'fthe Senator from
Kentucky, by striking out all after the word He-
solved, and inserting, " That the Senate proceed
forthwith to the election of a President of the Sen-
ate pro tem."
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he was perfectly wil-
ling to accept that amendment. It would result in
the same thins;.
Mr. WEBSTER briefly explained his previous
remarks; which had been misunderstood by Sena-
tors around him.
The Secretary then put the question on the
resolution of Mr. CRITTENDEN, as modified on
the motion of Mr. BAGBY, and it was adopted, 29
voting in the affirmative—the noes not counted.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for Presi-
dent pro tem. There were 48 ballots deposited,of
which Mr. Atchison received 47 votes, and Mr.
Sturgeon 1.
Mr. Atchison was thereupon declared elected,
and he took the chair accordingly.
The Journal of Thursday was then read and ap-
proved.
Mr. SEVIER then renewed his motion to refer
the 23d rule of the Senate to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, with instructions to inquire into the expe-
diency of repealing; it.
Mr. BERRIEN suggested an amendment, by
the insertion of the woids " or modify."
Mr. SEVIER accepted the amendment.
After a brief explanatory conversacion between
Mr. WESTCOTT and Mr. BERRIEN, the mo-
tion was agreed to
COMMUNICATIONS* FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, made agreeably to law, showing
the manner in which the appropriations for the
public buildings and grounds have been applied
during the year 1846; which was ordered to be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, made
agreeably to law, showing the number of clerks,
messengers, &c., employed in that department,
with their respective compensations during the
year 1846; which was laid upon the table.
PETITIONS.
j Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of the
I Miami University, in the State of Ohio, praying
1 that hool« and philosophical apparatus, imported
i for the use of colleges and other literary mstitu-
; tions, may be admitted free of duties; which was
i referred to the Committee on Finance.
! Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Eli-
I phalet Grover, praying a pension on account of
| injuries received while discharging his duties as
keeper of a light-house; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Air. ARCHER presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying that no public lands may
hereafter be granted to States, except for purposes
of internal improvements; which was referred to
i the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JARXAGrlN" submitted an additional docu-
j raent in relation to the claim of Pierre Chotcau, jr.,
| and others; which, with their petition on the files
j of the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
i Private Land Claims.
| Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of the
j heirs and le^al representatives of William Dickcy,
: decea*cd*pi.iymg compensation for his services as
: an officer in the revolutionary war; which was re-
' ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
I Also, the petition of Rebecca llobosson, widow
! of a deceased revolutionary soldier, praying ft pen-
! sion; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
i sions.
j Also., the petition of Jemima Duval, widow of a
| revolutionary officer, praying a pension; which
! was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
: Also, two petitions of citizcns of Pennsylvania,
| praying the adoption of measures for the speedy
! termination of the war with Mcxico; which were
l referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
1 _ Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia, pray-
I ing that a portion of public land may be appropri-
| ated to aid in the construction of a railroad from
ij Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean; which was
1 referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial from the Trustees of the West-
ern University at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the duties now imposed by law on books
and philosophical instruments imported for the use
of colleges, &c., may be abolished; which was
referred to the Committee oil Finance.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of John
Morrison, a pensioner of the United States, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the memorial of the administrator of Jphn
Patrick, deceased, praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
1 the select committee on that subject.
I Mr. WESTCOTT submitted documents in re-
! lation to the removal of the Seminole Indians from
i the State of Florida: which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of John
Tucker, praying compensation for his services as a
volunteer in the Seminole war; which was refened
to the Committee on Military AfTuiis.
Also, a memorial of certain citizens of Florida,
praying compensation for their military services
and for provisions furnished for the use of the Uni-
ted States troops during the Seminole war; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. PHELPS presented the memorial of Sally
Bass, daughter and heir of Charles Pasteur, de-
ceased, a surgeon in the revolutionary war, pray-
! ing compensation for his services and commutation
| pay; which was referred to the Committee on
. Revolutionary Claims. *
j Mr. DIX presented the memorial of Aaron
, Leggett, praying the legislation of Congress in re-
i lation to" his claims against the Government of -
. Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on
! Foreign Relations.
Mr. BENTON submitted an additional docu-
ment m relation to the claim of Sarah E. Graham;
, which was referred to the Committee on Naval
; Affairs.
: Also, a memorial of William M. Walker, and
! others, officers of the late Exploring Expedition,
praying the appointment of a committee to inquire
into the truth of certain statements contained in
the narrative of that expedition by its commander,
Charles Wilkes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
¥ Mf. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a pe-
tition piaying the purcnase by the Government of
Morse's electro-magnetic telegraph, and its estab-
lishment throughout the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of the Faculty of the College
of St. James, Maryland, praying that books and
philosophical instruments, imported for the use of
colleges, &c., may be admitted free of duties;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Robert Sew-
all, deceased, praying compensation for property
destroyed by the British in 1814; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the memorials of the heirs of Thomas
W. Norman, deceased; of the Maryland Insu-
rance Company of Baltimore ; and of the Marine
Insurance Company of Baltimore; praying indem-
nity for French spoliations prior to 1300; which
were severally referred to the select committee on
that subject.
PROSECUTION OF THE WAR.
; Mr. ALLEN submitted the following:
; Resolved, That with a view to a speedy and hon-
J orable peace, the war with Mexico ought to be
! prosecuted with increased energy and expedition:
j And to that end—
; Resolved, That additional regiments of volunteers
; ought immediately to be called into the field.
! Resolved, That a portion of the national domain
i ousrhtto be set apart as an additional reward to the
1 officers and soldiers who shall have served in the
war, and to the widows, heirs, and legal represent-
, atives of those who shall have lost their lives in
] the seivic.e.
| Revolved, That the residue of the national domain,
; and the proceeds of the sales thereof, ought to be
! pledged for the payment of the public debt, and
I the interest thereon, which may be incurred in the
j prosecution of the war; the Government retaining,
' as heretofore, the right to grant preemptions, grad-
