1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
uate the prices, anil make the usual grants of such
domain to particular States.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Committee on Finance be instructed to
report bills appropriate to effect these objects.
Several Senators: Let it lie on the table.
The resolutions were laid on the table according-
ly; and on the motion of Mr. ALLEN, were order-
ed to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mi". WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, reported abill forthe relief of Thomas Blanch-
ard; which was read a first time.
The following reports were also made:
By Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of
Claims: A bill for"the relief of the widow of Wil-
liam B. Cheever, deceased.
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port on the petition of Harvey Wright, adminis-
trator of William Bunce.
Also, from the same committee, asking to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of Lloyd Slummer, and that it be refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs: House bill for the relief ofW.
P. S. Sanger and George F. de la Roche, without
amendment.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
• relief of Thomas S. Brownell, accompanied by a
report.
By Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee of
Claims: An adverse report on the claim of James
Leander Cathcart.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
relief of Alexander Watson, accompanied by a
report.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
relief of Susan E. Gordon, accompanied by a re-
port.
By Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance: A bill authorizing the payment of interest
upon the advances made by the State of Alabama,
for the use of the United States Government, in the
suppression of Creek Indian hostilities in 1836-'7,
ill Alabama, with an amendment.
INCREASE OF ARMY LIEUT. GENERAL.
Benjamin B. French, Esq., Clerk of the House
of Representatives, delivered to the Senate the bill
to authorize the raising of additional regiments for
a limited period, and for other purposes; and it
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported two bills, as follows:
A bill to provide for an additional military force,
and for other purposes; and
A bill to appoint a lieutenant general to com-
mand the military forces of the United States
during the war with Mexico.
He moved that these bills be printed, and made
the order of the day for to-morrow.
The Secretary read the bills a first time.
The PRESIDENT then stated the question to
be on making these bills the special order for to-
morrow.
Several Senators: Oh, no, it is too soon.
Mr. DIX urged the necessity of prompt action
upon these bills, and reminded Senators that more
than one-third of the session was gone already.
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON suggested to the
Senator from New York the propriety of fixing
Thursday, instead of Tuesday.
Mr. DIX reiterated, that it was very desirable
the bills should be taken up and acted upon imme-
diately; he had therefore named to-morrow as the
earliest possible day; and would still prefer that
day, unless it was the desire of the Senate to name
another.
Mr. SEVIER inquired if the bill reported was
like the bill which had just been received from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. DIX replied, that there \?<:r§ some differ-
ences. He had, however, not carefully examined
the bill from the House of Representatives; but
he believed their substantial provisions were the
same.
Mr. H. JOHNSON suggested Thursday instead
of Tuesday, forthe reason that the bill would not
be printed by to-morrow morning. If it was to
be taken up it was desirable that the Senate should
know exactly what its provisions were; but he
saw not how this could be accomplished by to-mor-
row. Besides, it could make but little difference
whether Tuesday or Thursday were named, as he
presumed it would be voted upon during the week
in any case.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, it was important,
doubtless, that there should be speedy action on
these bills, as the Senator from New York had
remarked; but it was unusual to name the day
immediately succeeding that on which the bills
were reported. By Thursday the Committee on
Military Affairs will have had before them the
House bill on the same subject, and will have con-
sidered its provisions.
Mr. DIX supposed the committee would be
ready to report on that bill by Wednesday.
Several Senators: Well, say Wednesday, then.
Mr. DIX. Wednesday has been named, and
I accept the suggestion.
The PRESIDENT rose to put the question on
malting the bills the special order for Wednesday;
when,
Mr. MANGUM interposed, and said they had
not been read a second time, and no disposition
could be made of them until they had been read.
The PRESIDENT assented, and added, The
bills will now be read a second time, unless ob-
jected to.
Mr. MANGUM. I object.
After a short pause, Mr. M. withdrew his ob-
jection, and the hills were read a second time.
The question then recurred on making the bills
the special order for Wednesday.
Mr. BADGER inquired if the Senator from
New York intended to make them both the order
of the day for Wednesday.
Mr. DIX replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BADGER suggested the propriety of sep-
anating them. He saw no reason why they should
go together.
Mr. SEVIER briefly explained the features of
the bill which had recently come from the House,
and remarked that lie supposed on that every Sen-
ator would be prepared to vote at any time. He
hoped, therefore, the Senator from New York
would adhere to his original motion, and make
them the special orders for to-morrow.
Several Senators: "Oh! no, no, no."
Mr. SEVIER. Well, Wednesday, then.
The PRESIDENT again rose to put the ques-
tion on the motion to make the bills the special
ovdev.
Mr. MANGUM called for the question to bo
put first on the longest day.
The PRESIDENT accordingly put the question
on fixing Thursday as the day, and it was agreed
to—31 in the affirmative, and 17 in the negative.
So the bills were made the special order for
Thursday.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, it was
Besolvrd, That three thousand copies of the map
of the mining region of Lake Superior, projected
' by A. B. Gray, and now being engraved for the
House of Representatives, be ordered to be struck
off, and, with the accompanying report, be fur-
nished for the use of the Senate; and that the bu-
reau having in charge the mineral lands cause to
be placed upon said map all further locations made
during the past year under authority of the Secre-
tary of War, and which may have been reported
by the Department.
On motion of MY. FAIRFIELD, the Senate
, proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
| ness, and, after a short time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 11, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday was read in part, and
its further reading was dispensed with.
Mr. WOOD moved to correct it. He had credit
(he said) for one vote he did not give, but none for
the one lie did give. "With regard to the former, as
far as it limits'the patronage of the Executive, he
had no objection, and should not move to distuib
it* but as regards the latter, he would ask the
Clerk to correct it. He voted in the affirmative on
Mr. Thompson's amendment authorizing the ap-
pointment of a lieutenant general.
Mr. GROVER stated that, at the request of Mr.
Brinkerhoff, who was absent fiom indisposition,
he moved to correct the Journal. The name of
Mr. B. is recorded as voting for the amendment
creating a Iieutenantgeneral, to the bill to raise for
a limited time an additional military force, &c.
Mr. Grover said that Mr. B. was confined to his
room on Saturday last by indisposition, and conse-
quently did not vote at all.
The Journal, having been ordered to be corrected
accordingly, was approved. t
Mr. B'EDINGER asked leave to make a per-
sonal explanation. Leave having been given, Mr.
B. said: I perceive that the meaning which I
wished to convey by a portion of the remarks
which I made some days since has been miscon-
ceived. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Grover,] who addressed the committee the day
after I spoke, said:
" The gentleman from Virginia who addressed the House
yesterday, I'Mr. Bcdinker,] wiio spoke about the North
const,intiv lecturing thorn at the South, veiy feelingly allu-
ded to the 'delonuity' which they hore upon them. In a
nmunet that luidni it a touching pathos, that honorable gen-
tleman spoke of the 'unhappy misfortune' with which
< nature had cursed' them," &c., &c.
I think it very probable, sir, that the tenor of the
remarks which 1 then made (for I was not very
calm at the time) was calculated to impress the
gentleman from Now York, and others who heard
me, with the idea that I regarded the institution of
slavery as a misfortune and a curse; and it is that
impression which I wish now to correct. The
meaning which I designed to convey when I ad-
dressed the committee was, that I could not love
any one who should be constantly taunting me
with what he or she might choose to consider a
misfortune or a deformity. And I desire now to
state distinctly that I do not regard the institution
of slavery, as it exists in the southern States of
this Union, as a misfortune, a_ deformity, or a
curse.
Mr. BURT asked leave to make a personal ex-
planation. Leave having been given, Mr. B. said:
I desire the leave of the House to do an act of jus-
tice to the honorable gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Jacob Thompson.] 1 can hardly imagine
a state, of circumstances that would induce me to
ask such indulgence on my own account. That
gentleman had, in africndly'and kind way, brought
to his attention the report of his remarks on Satur-
day, as calculated to do him (Mr. T.) injustice.
[The following is the portion of the report referred
to: " He (Mr. B.) knew of no others, and must
' be pardoned if he did not adopt the reasons as-
1 signed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fick-
' lin,] taken from the miserable scribblings of a
' newspaper; or those of the gentleman from Mis-
' sissippi, [Mr. J. Thompson,] taken perhaps from
' a baser source—common rumor."] He (Mr. B.)
said that, in speaking of the correspondents of
newspapers and common rumor, he meant to say—
as he thought his language imported—that infor-
mation from such sources ought not to influence
the proceedings of the House, or the judgment of
gentlemen. He characterized common rumor as
" base," because it was usually the vehicle of cal-
umny, and not of truth. He did not reflect—as he
was sure the House did not understand him to
reflect—on the gentleman from Mississippi, or the
gentleman from Illinois; or to impute to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi the purpose to depreciate
the gallant Taylor, in order to supersede him by
another.
Mr. HARALSON having obtained leave to
[ make a personal explanation, corrected an error in
j the report of his remarks on Saturday last. He
: was represented as having said that there were
! sixteen thousand troops under General Taylor at
! Monterey. He, of course, said six thousand,
i There were some instances in the report in which
his meaning was somewhat obsure; but he would
! not trouble the House with any particular refer-
ences to them, as he would take another opportu-
nity of correcting them.
INCREASE or THE ARM5T.
: The question pending when the House adjourn-
: ed on Saturday last was on the passage of the bill
■ to raise for a limited time an additional military
' force, and for other purposes, on which the yeas
and nays were ordered.
1 ' Mr BOYD inquired of the Chair whether it
would be in order to reconsider all the votes which
had been passed oil Saturday, adopting the amend-
ments to the bill for raising ten regiments, or
whether there was any mode by which an amend-
ment could now be made to the bill ? What he
