188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
J
wished was, if possible, to get the bill amended so
as to confine the term of enlistment of the force
raised by the bill to the duration of the existing
war, so that the troops and officers should be dis-
banded yat its close.
The CHAIR decided that a second to the pre-
vious question could not be reconsidered unless by j
unanimous consent of the House*, and the same ,
unanimous consent could adopt the gentleman's j
amendment.
Xhe previous question having been demanded
and seconded, the main question was ordered to be
put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the vote ordering the bill to be engrossed was
reconsidered.
Mr. BOYD then moved to amend the bill by
striking out all thereof* and substituting therefor
the following:
A BILL to raise for a limited time an additional military
force, and for other purposes.
on the passage of the bill.
The question was then taken on the passage ot
the bill by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, Bayly, Bedingei,I5e!lj James Black, James A. Black,
Blanehard, Bowdon, Bowliu, Boyd, Brockenbrough, Brod-
liead, Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Buthngton, Buit,
Wm. W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Cathcart, John G.
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cha«e, j
Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Constable, Cottrell,
Crozier, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan,
Garrett Davis, De Molt, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dockory, Doug-
lass, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Edwin H. Ewuig,
Faran,Ficklin, Fos5ier,Fiies,Garvin,Gentry,Giles,Gordon,
Graham, Grider, Grover, Haralson, Harmanson, Hastings,
Henley, Ililhaul, Isaac 13. Holmes, Hopkins, Mousch, John
W. Houston,G. S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hunger- i
ford, Hunter, Charles J. tngcrsoll, Joseph It. Ingersoll, Jen- j
kins, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andiow Johnson, ,
George VV. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, T. ;
Butler King, Lawrence, Leake, LelHer, l>ih, La Heie,
Levin, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean, McClol- ,
bind, McClcrnand, McCratc, McDamd, James McDowell, j
McHcnry, McKav, John P. Martin. Uaikley Martin. Millet, j
Moms, Morse, Moulton, Niven, Nortn, Owen, Parrtsh, |
Payne, Pendleton, Pmnll, Perrv, Phelps, Pi!Mmiy,rollo.-k, i
Rcid, Relfe, Rhett, Bitter, Itobeits, John A. Rockwell, Km- '
sell. Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon,Loon. II. Sims, j
Simpson, Thos. Smith,Robt. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, j
St. John, Strong, Thibodaux, Thoma>son, James Thomp- 1
son, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Towns, Tied-
way, Trutnbo, Wentworth, Wiek, Williams, Wood, Wood-
ward, Woodworth, Young, and Yost—165.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Benton, Carroll, Colla-
nier, Cranston, Culver, Delano, John 11. I'hving, Foot, («id-
dings, Grinnell, Ilale, Hamlin, Elias B. Holmes, Samuel X).
Jluhhaid, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Jas. B. Hunt, Daniel
P King, Preston King, Lewis, McGaughey, Mcilvaino,
Marsh, Moscley, Rathbun, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, Root,
Hunk, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
B. Smith, Strolnn, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Vance,
Vinton, Wheaton, White, VV'inthrop, and Woodmll—'15.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BOYD moved to i-oeonsider the vote on the
Dassage of the bill, on which he moved the previ-
ous question; which was seconded, and the main
uuiiviiiioiiu. ^ Beit enacted Src.. That in addition to the present military
Along desultory conversation on points ot order h e5Stablishment 0f the United States, there shall be raised and
ensued, in which Messrs. BOYD, ASHMUN, J: organized, under the direction of the President, for and
RATHBUN, PRESTON KING, COBB, COL- j| during the war with Mexico, one regiment ot dragoons and
t A TVT17T? tItttrMAN" an<l CARROLL took nine regiments of infantry, each to be composed of the same
LAMER, iliURMALN, ana OAKltUbL, iook b * an(1 rank 0f commissioned officers, non-commis-
part, the CHAIR replying to various questions i, sjone(j oncers, busrlere. musicians, privates, &c., as are
hvDOtheticallv put to him in advance. I: provided forarc^imcntofdrasoonsandnifantryrespcctively
The result was an agreement that the House 1 under existing laws, and who shall receive the same pay,
should first proceed to take the pending question l!   <(
" ' ' " i aideles of'war- Provided, That it shall bo lawful for the
[ Piesideut of the United States, in the rcceas ot the Senate,
to appoint such of the commissioned officers authorized by
this act as may not be appointed during the piesent session,
which appointments shall be submitted to the Senate at
their next session for their advice and consent.
Sec. 2. be it further cnacteJ, That, duiingthe con-
tinuance of the, war with Mexico, the term of enlistment ot
the men to be recruited for the regiments authorized by this
act, shall he during the war with Mexico, unless sooner dis-
C'sf?c.<3. Ml he it further enacted, That the President of
the United States he and he is hereby authorized, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint one
additional major to each of the. regiments of dragoons, artil-
lery, infantry, and liflemen, m the army of the United
States, who shall be taken from the captains of the army.
Sue. 4. Jlivl he it further cnactcd, That to cach of the
regiments of dragoons, aitillcrv,infantry, and riflemen,there
shall he allowed a rein mental quartei master, to be taken fiom
the subalterns of the line, who shall be allowed ten dollais
additional pav per month, and forage for two horses.
Sue. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the said officers,
musicians, and privates, authorized by this act, shall imme-
diately lie disciplined I'min the service of the United States
at the rlo^e of the war with Mexico.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question; which
was seconded, and the main question ordered to
be put, viz: Will the House agree to the amend-
ment? and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill as amended; on which the previous ques-
tion was called and seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put, viz: Shall the bill pass as
amended ?
On the passage of the bill the yeas and nays
were ordered and taken, as follows:
YTCAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Arnold, At-
kinson, Bairmeer, Bavlv, Bcdmeer, Bell, Benton, James
Black, James A. Black, Blanchaid, Bowdon, Bow hn,Boyd,
Broekcnbronsh, Biodhcad, Milton Biown, Win G. Brown,
Bu(hn<rton, Wdliam W Campbell, John FT. Campbell, Car-
oil, Catheait, John G. Chapman, Autm^tus A. Chapman,
//US U UUSUUIi, WiilOil wur> .ibwmuwi, uum mum i run, \ -—-i   * ~ , -•-(••"-••j
mixtion ordered to be rail viy Will the House !' Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clnpinan, Claike, Cobb, Cocke,
question orUCIGU t ) - I ' Constable, Cotticll, Crozier, Cullom, Cummins, Oun-
reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill? lhe , ami"), Daman, Garrett Davis, De Mott, Oilline-
yeas and nays were as follow: ' ham, noblim, Dockcrv,Douglass,Dunlap.Kdsall, KDsworth.
VEAS-Mossrs. Abbott, Anderson, Arnold, Bariinger, i Krdman, Edwin IT. Hwins, Par.ei, Ficklin, Foster, Fries.
Bell, Iientoil, James Hlack, Blanehard,Bovvlni, lio)d,Milt"" ,i Calvin, Omtrv, Oiles, (.ordon, f,raham, Rmler Gmver.
Blown, Buflinifton, jiuit, William VV. Campbell, John If. Hamhn, Hampton IIaralson,IIiumanson, Harper, IfaMings
Campbell, Carioll. Cathcart, J. tf. Chapman, Reuben Chap- Henley, Tblhard, Hoge, Isaac K I ohnes Hopkins, IIou?i,:
man, Clarke, Colli.. Cocke, Collainei, Coietal.lc, CiaiWon, ii John W Uou-ton,George S. Houston,MmiindW. Hubard
C,n/..er, Cullom, C'uinmn^, Daniel, (.'.urett Davis, Or Mott, il llunaerfoid James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Inmsol ;
.. .. . i n i ... li t> Tiwr«i^rtll Tfiriirine hini/^s II. .Uinnscni) In^nnli
Diliiriiilunn. Dobbin, Doelcci.v, Doimla—, Dunlap, Ed.-aM,
JOilsworrh, £rdman, J. fi J-Jwin^, Mdwin II. liwing, Kuan, [i
Fiekhn, Foot, F.Mer, Fries, Garvui, Gentry, (iilen, Gi>idon, \ \
Graham, Grub'r, Giinnell, Grovor, (lamlxn, Uarper, Ero<>p, [
Khas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, G.tf. Houston, SaniU'd
"]), Uubbuid, liun^uM'ord, James B. Hunt, Andiew Johnson, i
G ;otRe W. Jones, Seaborn Jon<^; Kaufman, Datnd P. Kmjf, '
Preston King, Thomas Butler Kins, X-iawienee, (j«%lHer, ji
JiCib, Xicvin,'Lewis., Long, ATcCleraand, Jos. J. McDowell, !|
James McDowell, MeHemv,MeKav, Mai.^h, J. P. Martin, !|
Hurklwy Maitin, Miller, Monis, Mo^clev, Payne, Pendleton, ,1
i'erry, Peltit. Phelj;>f, PiiKsbnry, Pollock,Ramsey, Rathbun, ji
ileid, Uelfe, Rhett, Uiplej, Kitter, RobcrH, Julius Uoekwell, l|
Juhu A. Rockwell, Runk, Sawyei, Seaman, Severance,!!
Leotmid Jl. Snn^, Truman Smith. Albert Smith, llob,>rt!|
Smiih, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Stewart, St. John, >\
yrrohm, Thomasdon, Beniamin Thompson, James Thomp-
fnn, Jacob Tiionipfon, Ttlden, Toombs, Town<, Tredwaj, ji
Tinmbo, Vance, Vmton, Wentworth, ^Vlieaton, White, j;
Wmthrop, Wood, Woodruil', Younct. and Yost—197. |
N \YS—Miosis. Aslnnun, Atkinson, Bayly, Bedmgei, J. i
A. Black, Bowdon, Btockenbron^h, Brodhead, A. A. Chap- !
mm. Clnpinan, Cottrell, Culver, Cunningham. Giddingo?,
HaraUon, llarmarison, fra<ting«, flenley, Ssaae E. Hohnes, j
tlopkinrf, Flouch, E. \V. Ilubatd, Hunter, Cbailes J. Jnger- !
soil, Joseph R. Jngei5.oII, Jenkins, Jop. jolinson, Kennedy, ;
J>eake, La Sere, Lison, Lumpkin, McClean, McCrate, Mc- 1
Daniel, Mollvaine, Mor^o, Niven, Norris, Owen. Panish, ;
Perrill, Root, Sawtelh^, Seannrion, Seddon, Simpson, Thos. >
Smith, Strong, Thurman, Tibbatts, Williams, Woodward, |
a.id Woodworth—55. •
So the motion to reconsider prevailed. j
Mr. BOYD now moved to reconsidcr the vote !
by which the hill was ordered to be engrossed and !
read a third time. !
Joseph K. Tnifei>oll, Jenkins, James Tf. Johuson, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Georse W. Jones, Seaborn Jnjies,
Kaufman, Kennedy, Preston Kinst, Thomas Butler King.
T^awvence, Leake, Leffler, Ijeib, La Sere, Levin, Lteon,
Lous, lamipkin. Maelav, MeClean, McClelland, McClcr-
nand, McCr.itc, MeDamel, JoM-ph J. McDowell, James Mc-
Dowell, MeTIonrv, McKay, John P. Maitin, Barkley Martin,
Miller, Morri«, Moulton, Niven, Norri?, Owen. Panish,
"Pavne. Pendleton, Pern!!, Peirv, Pcttit. Phelps, Pillsburv,
Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Roid, Relfc, Rhett, Ritter, Rob-
eit-:, John A. Rockwell, Sawtelle, Sawvei, Seammon, Jjeon-
ard If. Sims, Albeit Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, Stephen^, St .Tolm, Strolnn, Strong,
Thibodaux. Thomasson, Ja-«. Thompson. Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Tihhatts, Toombs, Towns, Trerlwav, Trumbo,
Wentworth, Wheaton. Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood,
Wood^vaid. Woodwoitb, Young, and Yo«t—371.
1VAYS—Messr-. Abbott, A^hmun, Collamer, Cranston,
Culver, Delano, John II. Kwinar. Foot, Giddimrs, Giinnell,
{{ale, Eha^ B. Holme-., Samuel I). Hubbard, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Daniel P. King, Lewi*, McGauibey, McH-
vame, Mar«h, Moselev, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, Root, Sea-
man. Seveiance, Truman Smith. Caleb B. Smith, Benjamin
Thompson, Tilden, Vance, Vinton, White, Wmthrop, and
Woodruff—34.
So the bill was passed.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT IN OREGON.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the bill to establish the Territorial
Government of Oregon, which had been made the
, special order for this day.
: Aftter some conversation on a point of order
; between Mr. JACOB THOMPSON and the
i SPEAKER,
The House, on motion of Mr. DOUGLASS,
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole oh
the state of the Union, Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia,
in the chair, and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to establish the Territorial Government of
Oregon.
The bill having been read through, was taken
up by sections.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON said: Mr. Chairman,
I rise to make an inquiry of the honorable gentle-
men who reported this bill. It will be recollected
that at the last session of this Congress, I had the
honor to offer to the bill for the organization of the
Territory of Oregon an amendment to provide
against the introduction of slavery into said Terri-
tory. I desire to know what provision this bill
contains on that subject: whether it contains the
amendment then offered ? If not, I desire to renew
the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLASS replied by reading the twelfth
section of the bill, which extends the provisions of
the ordinance of 1787 to the Oregon Territory, and
said he presumed the gentleman would find slavery
expressly prohibited by that ordinance,
Mr. THOMPSON said he knew this to be so.
If that ordinance was, as he had no doubt it was,
in force at this time, he would reflect on the sub-
ject until the section came before the committee.
Mr. DOUGLASS, iti reply, read the following
portion of the twelfth section of the bill, which, he
thought, would fully satisfy the gentleman's in-,
quiry, viz :
" Sec. 12. Jhul he it further enacted, That the inhabitants
of said territory shall he entitled to enjoy all and singular the
rights, privileges, and advantages granted and secured to the
people ot the territory of tile United States northwest of the
Ohio river, by the. articles of compact contained in the ordi-
nance for the government of said tertitory, on the thirteenth
day of July, seventeen hundred and eighty-seven; and shall
he subject to all the conditions, and restrictions, and prohi-
bitions in said articles of compact imposed upon the people
of said territory."
The sccond and third sections were passed over
without amendment.
The fourth section having been read,
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the same, by
striking out the following words:
" The number of representatives (to the Territorial Legis-
latuie) may be increased by the Legislative Assembly from
time to time, in propoition to the increase of population:
Provided, That the whole shall never exceed 39."
Which motion was negatived.
~ The fifth section was then read, as follows:
" Sec. 5fJlmlbe itfurtlier'enacteil, That every free white
male inhabitant above the age of twenty-one years, who
shallhave been a resident of said territory at the time of the
passage of this act, shall be entitled to vote at the first elec
turn, and shall be, eligible to any office withm the said terri-
tory; but the qualifications of voters and of holding office,
at all subsequent elections, shall be such as shall be pre-
scribed by the Legislative Assembly. Provided, Thai the right
of sufl'iage and ot holdinc office shall be exercised only by
citizens of the United States, and those who shall have de-
claied, on oath, their intention to become such, and shall
have taken an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions of tins act."
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved to amend it,
by adding, between the words " the ago of twen-
ty-one years" and the words "who shall have
been," &c., the words " who is a citizen of the
United States."
Mr. C. observed, that as the bill stood at pres-
ent, every free white male inhabiting the Terri-
tory, whether Jew or Gentile, Englishman or
American, had the right of suffrage, and this pro-
vision would remain" in force so long as Oregon
should remain under a territorial form of gov-
ernment. However proper it might be that States
should enjoy the right of determining on thequali-
iications of its own voters, he held that, when
Congress was legislating for a territory of its own,
it should take care that the right of suffrage
should be exercised in a manner conformable to
the principles of the Constitution. Should th'e bill
remain in its present shape, what would there be
to prevent the President of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany himself, or any member of that company,
from becoming *a member of the Legislature of
Oregon ? We had long been struggling to rescue
this territory from under British dominion; surely
we ought not now to adopt a course which might
practically throw it back under that dominion in a
different form. Were gentlemen prepared to allow
to any and every member of the Hudson Bay
Company on the north side of the Columbia river
the right of suffrage in choosing the Legislature of
an American territory ? Were they willing to see
