184T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
aliens of this description taking their seats in such
a Legislature, to make laws to bind American citi-
zens? He hoped not; and he should therefore
move to amend the bill, so as to require both those
voting and those voted for to be American citizens.
The bill, to be sure, required that voters should
have taken an oath of allegiance to the United
States; but this they were all bound to observe
whether they took an oath or not. They were
also to have made previous oath of naturalization;
but this oath did not, in the meantime, release
them from allegiance to a foreign government, and
there would be nothing to prevent a British alien
from walking in and taking his seat in this Ameri-
can Territorial Legislature. He hoped, now we
had at length got peaceable possession of Oregon,
that we should do what we could to Americanize it.
Mr. DOCJGLASS, in reply, slated that this part
of the bill was only in conformity to the known
state of the population in that country at this time.
It was known to gentlemen that these people had
met and formed a sort of temporary constitution
for themselves; and, under that constitution, some
of the persons now exercising authority there by
the choice of tljp people, were not legally Ameri-
can citizens, but were, in all cases, persons friendly
to the American Government, and desirous of the
extension of our laws over them. The reason
why, though entertaining these feelings, they had,
nevertheless, not actually become American citi-
zens, was, that they never had had an opportunity,
there being in the territory no courts of record, or
other legal authority, before whom the necessary
oaths could be taken.
Mr. LEVIN was understood to inquire whether
these oaths could not have been taken before any
magistrate ?
Mr. DOUGLASS replied that the bill provided
for the establishment of courts of justice and the
appointment of judges and justices of the peace,
and it allowed that all who had taken the oath of
allegiance, and made oath to the purpose of be-
coming naturalized, might vote for members of the
Legislature. So that, oven at the first election, they
could not vote without this qualification. Nor did
it follow that even then they could vote perma-
nently, unless the Legislature so provided. And
if the people knew a man to be an alien, and did
not wish him to serve, they would make such a
provision. He thought that a mail who had been
an inhabitant of the territory from the very be-
ginning, and who had always been friendly to our
cause, if he was willing to take the oaths prescribed
in the bill, ought in fairness to be allowed to have
a vote. He hoped the amendment moved by the
gentleman from New York would not prevail.
Mr. FICKLIN suggested that the oaths taken
should be in conformity with the law of the United
States now in force, or to be in force, on the sub-
ject of naturalization.
' Mr. DOUGLASS said he had no objection to
adopt that as a modification of the bill.
Mr. VINTON expressed his concurrence in the
views advanced by the gentleman from New Yoik
[Mr. Campbell] as to the propriety of requiring
that all voters should be citizens of the United
States; but was wholly opposed to surrendering to
the Territorial Legislature the right of prescribing,
permanently, the qualifications of voters. It was
allowing a Legislature, that was a mere agent of
Congress, virtually to repeal the organic law, or
constitution, prescribed by Congress for the Terri-
tory.
The question on agreeing to this amendment was
taken by tellers, who reported, for the amendment
€5, against it 55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved further to amend the fifth
section, by striking out the words " the first elec-
tion," and inserting in lieu thereof the words " all
elections."
Mr. V. also moved to amend the fifth section, by
striking out the words " but the qualifications of
voters and of holding office, at all subsequent elec-
tions, shall be such as shall be prescribed by the
Legislative Assembly."
Mr. V. contended that the House should pre-
scribe to this Territory a provision in regaid to
qualifications of electors which should be its or-
ganic law, to be changed by Congress only. The
officers to be chosen were paid out of the treasury
of the United States, which was an additional rea-
son why Congress only should make the perma-
nent provision.
On this amendment a debate of rather a desul-
tory character arose, which occupied the committee
till the ordinary hour of adjournment, and is not
yet finished.
Mr. THURMAN advocated the amendments
proposed by his colleague, but thought that a pro-
vision should be added, permitting all those .who
had been inhabitants of the Territory at the time
of the boundary treaty with Great Britain should
be at once declared citizens of the United States,
and allowed to vote at the first election.
Mr. McCLERNAND and Mr. STANTON op-
posed this view.
Mr. LEVIN said the gentleman from Ohio cer-
tainly had a precedent for his amendment, under
that clause of the Constitution which naturalized
all foreigners who were in the country at the time
of its adoption. No one will pietend, however,
that the privilege proposed to be granted can be
derived from thatgencrous clauscof universal adop-
tion contained m the Constitution, and limited to
its own birthday. On the contrary, this clause
itself draws a broad line of demarcation between
the native and the alien. If that line is to be in-
vaded by the admission of "aliens" to the exer-
cise of rights which belong only to citizens of the
United States, it is a gross wrong—a gross abuse
which we are bound to correct before it eats into
the vitals of our organic laws. The practice which
has obtained m the States of permitting aliens to
vote for President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, is coeval with the other corruptions that
have polluted the ballot-box, and threaten the over-
throw of our republican system. Was it not the
intention of the Constitution that the law-makers
I of the United States should be Americans? Or was
it the intention of the Constitution that "aliens"
should be the law-makers of Americans ? This
was the fairest mode in which to test the question,
as it brought us directly to the point at issue. He
contended that respect for the Constitution was
rapidly passing away; that love for foreigners was
rapidly absorbing our love for our own American
brethren; and love for foreign territory rapidly
swallowing up all love of original native land.
No government ever framed its organic structure
with a view to the ascendency, or even equality, of
foreigners; but this bill proposed to give an ascend-
ency to "aliens." Whatever might be the opinion
of gentlemen as to the rights of the States, no ques-
tion could be entertained as to the controlling au-
thority of the Federal Government over the whole
range of the subject as it applies to territories.
That power had been delegated to the United States.
The fact that " aliens" now vote in some of the
States, shows at least that a gross omission exists
somewhere, and furnishes a cogent and irresistible
argument in favor of the reform now advocated by
the Native American party. He was rejoiced to
see that the American people were awakening to a
sense of the perils that surround American insti-
tutions. The Aldermen of the city of New York
had lately addressed a memorial to Congress on
the subjectof immigration, asking for some remedy
that shall arrest this great and growing evil. But,
while they were endeavoring to check the evil on
our Atlantic coast, gentlemen seemed disposed to
relax principles, and open a floodgate in the West.
They are shadowing forth their future policy; and
what American was willing to obtain territory on
terms like these ? It was evident wo had reached
a crisis which threatened the most disastrous con-
sequences, unless the country arose with one heart
and one voice to demand a remedy.
The question on the amendment was then put
viva voce, and it was negatived.
Tellers were demanded, and being ordered, the
result was as follows: 65 m the affirmative, and o5
in the negative.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. VINTON moved that the section be further
amended, by striking out the words " the first
election," and insert the words "all elections."
Also, by striking out the words " but the qualifi-
cations of voters and of holding office at all subse-
quent elections shall be such as shall be prescribed
by the Legislative Assembly."
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he had not expected
to have been drawn into the debate by venturing
the suggestion he had to his friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Thcbman,] for whose opinions he had a high
respect. He would say, however, that the views
which had been presented by his friend, in answer
! to the suggestion he (Mr. McC.) had made, had
failed to change his opinion upon the constitutional
question involved.
The gentleman from Ohio, in citing the cases of
the admission of the inhabitants of Louisiana,
Florida, and Texas, to citizenship, by the mereaet
of annexing those Territories to the United States,
as authority in support of what seems to be the
opinion he has expressed in favor of the constitu-
tional power of Congress to establish a special rule
of naturalization for the alien inhabitants of Oregon,
has opened a very nice and difficult question—one
which he (Mr. McC.) would not of course pursue
at length, and at present. He would say, how-
ever, upon the question of the legal effect of the
annexation of a foreign country upon the rights of
citizenship in that country, under the Constitution,
that many eminent statesmen had differed. Some
had held that as the Constitution pointed out spe-
cifically the way to naturalize foreigners, no other
way could be constitutionally made available for
the purpose—upon the principle of expressio unites,
est exciusio alterhis. Upon this ground, the idea of
admitting the inhabitants of Texas to citizenship
by virtue of the act of annexation had been com-
batted by not a few.
Mr. McC. believed these cases to be entirely
different from the proposition before the commit-
tee. He believed that a treaty, as in the cases of
Louisiana and Florida, or a compact, as in the case
of Texas, might, ipso facto, by the transfer of ter-
ritory, transfer the allegiance of the inhabitants of
the territory, conferring upon them the rights of
citizenship. He might go farther, and advance
what he had not before heard advanced: that where
one government, by its own act, in'the form of a
treaty or otherwise,' distinctly absolved its sub-
jects or citizens from^their allegiance, this Govern-
ment, in virtue of such consent, might at once in-
corporate them as citizens of the United States;
but that in all cases where such previous allegiance
had not been released by the act of the foreign
government, it became necessary to incorporate
them as citizens in pursuance of that clause of the
Constitution which provides that " Congress shall
have power to establish a uniform rule of naturali-
zation."
Mr. McC. said he would not affirm the correctness
of this view, but he threw it out for consideration.
He would not undertake to say that Congress
could not at once, by a declaratory act, admit all
the inhabitants of Oregon to the rights of citizen-
ship. He would not deny this, whilst he did not
affirm it. He would only say, that if Congress
proceeded at all to establish a " rale" for the natu-
ralization of aliens in Oregon, it must not be a par-
tial or special, but a " uniform rule," in the sense
of the Constitution. The rule must be conformed
to the general rule in force, or the latter to the one
proposed, or some other " uniform rule" must be
adopted.
After a few remarks by Messrs. THURMAN,
CARROLL, BOWLIN, and VINTON,
Mr. ROOT obtained the floor, and on his mo-
tion the committee rose and reported.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on Ways
and Means, reported bills of the following titles:
A bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1848, and for other purposes.
A bill authorizing the issue of Treasury notes,
or a loan, and.for other purposes.
This bill authorizes the President to issue such
amount of Treasury notes as the exigencies of the
Government may require, not exceeding in the
whole amount of notes issued $23,000,000, and
no note be issued of a less denomination than
fifty dollars; or to create a loan for the above sum
at his option.
These several bills were committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 12, 1847.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
DEATH OF JUDGE PENNYB ACKEB.
Mr. ARCHER then rose and addressed the
Senate as follows:
