168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
Only a few days, Mr. President, have passed
over us, since we witnessed the spectacle of thi«
Chamber clothed with the deepest expression of
mourning for the loss of one of our most honored
and beloved associates. It was no ordinary en-
hancement, Mr. President, of that afflicting be-
reavement that the subject of it was in the prime
and vigor of .manhood, blessed ordinarily with the
highest condition of health, and giving the promise
of the maturestand the fullest career of usefulness,
and happiness, and honor. Sir, it was my desne
on that occasion to have mingled a feeble expres-
sion of my regret with the honored lament which
burst out from every corner of this Chamber.
The subject of this bereavement was reckoned in
the number of the very dearest of my friends. I
felt myself, however, Mr. President, unequal to
the discharge of that office, from the overflowing
fulness of my feelings. I felt, sir, that I could not
trust myself to attempt to commit to words the
emotions which were laboring for utterance m my
bosom. Sir, a correspondent occasion hcts now
occurred, from which it is not my option to exempt
myself, from the peculiar relation in which I stood
to the deceased. Sir, it is not my good fortune—
I am not able to say that it is the loss of a particu-
lar friend that I have to present to the Senate.
My acquaintance was too short to authorize me to
claim that distinction, though I might have hoped
that a fuller acquaintance would have au thorized me
to do so. The subject of the bereavement to which
I now call your attention stood to me m the relation
of a most esteemed colleague. On this morning,
sir,atdboutfour o'clock, the lion. Isaac S. Pevn'y-
backer departed this life—the victim of a relentless
disease, which resisted all the ministrations of medi-
cal skill, and nil the efforts of solicitous affection.
Yes, sir, like the lamented Barrow, Mr. Pen-xy-
backer, too, was in the number of the very young-
est of the members of this body, and promised, by
the vigor of his general health and constitution, as
Mr. Barrow did, a very long protraction ofa useful
and honorable life. It was m harvest, having just
reached the point of maturity, that tiie sickle lias
been put which has gathered it to the garner of the
grave. Inscrutable dispensation of an overruling
and all-wise Providence! Another, sir, in exactly
the same circumstances—another associate of our
body has been stricken down by the insatiable
spoiler, and gathered to his receptacle of trophies—
the grave. Sir, it was not my fortune to be per-
sonally acquainted with Mr. Pennyjbacker till he
met me on this door as my colleague; but I learn
from others that lie was born in the most beautiful
region of this widely-extended Union—the moun-
tain valley of Virginia. Sir, the population of
that valley, like that, I believe, of all mountain
regions in this country, was marked by primitive
simplicity and industrial habits, and he seemed to
have imbibed from the contact all that purify of
character, and those habits of industry, which are
the appropriate characteristics of such regions. :
My honored colleague was 110 more than forty-one j
years of age. His merit cannot be better estimated ]
by other evidences than by the fact that he had i
been a Representative of the Slate of Virginia |
upon the floor of the House of Representatives— !
had filled the office of Federal district judge of his j
State, and at this early period of life, was elevated |
to the second highest distinction known under this !
Government—a seat on the floor of the Senate of ;
the United States. He came, sir, to my acquaint-
ance, heralded by the reputation of the highest
probity—the soundest understanding, improved by
habits of labor—the kindest affections, expanding
themselves in a large domestic and social sphere—
manneiw so felicitously bland and courteous as to
prepare the way for that esteem which his character
was calculated to impress. Sir, i believe I may ap-
peal to every member who with me has knowp him
upon this floor—he entirely fulfilled the promise
of this heraldry in the intercourse which I had
with him. I do not affect, Mr. President, ro offer
consolation to his bereaved and afflicted family,
who are here affording the best of all solace—that
^ of solicitous and affectionate attention in his last
moments. I refer them, sir, for consolation to that
High Power which we read sometimes chasteneth,
because He loveth, and who has promised unfail-
mg comfort to those who, with reverence, say:
" Thy will be done, and not mine." Sir, to that
power and to that source of consolation, with all
reverence on my part, I refer their distresses. I
now move the ordinary resolutions, which will
be read by the Clerk, for the adoption of the
Senate.
The resolutions were read accordingly, and are
as follows:
Resolved, unanimously, That a committee be ap-
pointed by the President of the Senate pro tempore,
to take order for superintending the funeral of the
Hon. Isaac S. Fennybacker, which will take
place to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m., and that
the Senate will attend the same.
Resolved, unanimously. That the members of the
Senate, from a sincere desire of showing every
mark of respect due to the memory of the Hon.
Isaac S. Pbnnybacker, deceased, late a member
thereof, will go mto mourning for him one month*
by the usual mode of wearing crape on the left
arm.
Resolved, unanimously, That as an additional
mark of respect for the memory of the PJpn. Isaac
S. Pennybacker, the Senate do now adjourn.
The committee of arrangements consists of Mr.
Sevier, Mr. Mangum, Mr. Breese, Mr. Crit-
tenden, Mr. Benton, and Mr. Webster.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, January 12, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced,as the business first
in order, the bill winch was under consideration
yesteulay iorestabhshinga. Territorial Government
111 Oregon; and,
On motion ot Mr. DOUGLASS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union, (Mr. Ixaml.lv, of Maine, m the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
said bill.
The question pending* when the committee rose
yesterday was on the amendments offeied by Mr.
Vin'ion to the fifth section, viz:
First. Strike out the words 41 first election,"and
insert m lieu thereof " all elections."
Secondly. Strike out the words il but the quali-
' fications of voters and ofholding office, at all sub-
' sequent elections, shall be such as shall be pre-
' scribed by the Legislative Assembly."
Mr. ROO f, who was entitled to the floor, yield-
ed it at the request of—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, who said
that the effect of the above amendments of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vin*ton,] would be, to
deny to the Legislative Assembly the right hereafter
to make additional rules and 1 emulations m regaid to
the qualifications of voteis. The gentleman said, in
suppoit of his motion, that 110 such authority ought
to be given to the Legislative Assembly; that it
was without precedent, and ought not now to be
introduced. Now, Mr. R. apprehended that the
gentleman, notwithstanding his usual correctness
m these matters, was mistaken on this point. He
apprehended that this did but enact the same pro-
vision which was contained m the laws which had
made Territories heretofore, in the laws creating
the Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa precisely
the same provision was contained. [Mr. R. read
the law cieating a Terntonal Guvei nment in Wis-
consin on this point, to which he eaid the law rela-
tive to Iowa conformed.] He had not examined
previous lawsadmituug Territories, but these two—
Teiri tones most recently admitted into the Union—
were certainly sufficient precedents to justify the
action of the committee 111 this matter, so tar as
precedent would justify it.
Bat if it were not so sustained by precedents,
Mr. R. apprehended that on great principles, con-
sidering the peculiar position and character of the
people of Oregon, this provision ought to be intro-
duced. Why, how did the section &taud, as lepoit-
ed by the committee ? That there should be two
classes of people entitled to vote: one, citizens of
the United States; the other, persons not natural-
ized, but who have declared upon oath their inten-
tion to become citizens, and have taken the oath of
allegiance to the United States. Now, by the sec-
tion, as originally reported, the Legislative Assem-
bly has no right to alter this provision, but they
have a right to go on and make other securities and
add other qualifications to the right of voting, if
they see fit to do it. Now, theie is no place for
this power, except in the Legislative Assembly;
and the Congress of the United States, by this
section, propose to delegate this power to th® Legis-
lature of that Territory, three thousand miles off,
over matters of which they can more properly be
the judges. Why, the Legislative Assembly of
Iowa did the same thing. They could not allow
any persons not citizens to vote, but they went on,
under the law of Congress creating that Territory,
and made other provisions, one of which was, that
no citizen of the United States should vote except
he had been a resident of that Territory for six
months. Now, would you deny to the people of
Oregon the power to make such legislative pro-
visions as this?
Mr. R. did not intend to say anything further
upon this precise question. But there was another
thing in relation to this section, concerning which
he wished to say a word: it was in reference to the
amendment which was yesterday, lather incon-
siderately ,as he thought, adopted by the committee,
and which it is proposed to carry out in further
sections of this bill. The effect of that amend-
ment is to prohibit any person not a citizen of the
United States from voting at the first election held
there. Now, what is the fact ? Here is the Terri-
tory of Oregon, made up ofa variety of population,
some of them citizens of the Urfited States, and
some of them not. They have organized a gov-
ernment there, which suits their purpose, and done
it undoubtedly by the aid and cooperation of those
who were not citizens of the United States as well
as those who were. Now, you send this law
among them, and say in regard to that portion of
the inhabitants who are not citizens of the United
States either by birth or naturalization. You shall
not vote for the election of the first Legislative As-
sembly under the authority of the Congiess of the
United States, nor until you have gone through
the regular process of naturalization required by
our laws. Is tins proper? Is it likely this will
conduce to the harmony of the new Territory of
Oregon? that it will have the tendency to attach
the people of that country to the Government of
the United States5 Why, we should consider it
our interest to do everything which shall concili-
ate the feeelings and draw out the affections of
that people, if we expect them to be a part of the
United States; and the simile was, perhaps not too
strong which was presented by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] yesterday, that if you send
this law among them you send a firebrand.
Such an amendment, then, should not he adopt-
ed. I hope it will not be. I contend that it is
not a proper provision under the circumstances
of that Territory, to say that hereafter no person
except he be a citizen of the United States, either
by birth or naturalization, shall be allowed to vote.
If 1 am correctly informed, in the States of Illinois,
Michigan I believe, Iowa, and Wisconsin, it is not
requned as a qualification for an elector that he be
a citizen of the United States; and although I may
not approve of this feature of their constitutions*
yet I cannot advise to send those restrictive pro-
visions to a people distant from us by the space of
one-eighth the circumfeiencc of the globe. Now
they are a people that ought to be allowed, so far
as may be, to govern themselves; the laws of the
United States ou^ht not to interfere with them for
the present any further than is necessary to make
them a part of this government, and subject to the
provisions of the ordinance of 1787. Let them
grow up, as they are growing up there, with all the
facilities given to them, with the most perfect free-
dom of action that can be given them, and let not
the laws of the United States operate as a restric-
tion and burden, but only as a benefit; and thus it
is, and thus only it can be, that that Territory can
become a strengthening part of this Confederacy.
Now, who should be entitled to vote in Oregon?
Naturalized citizens, undoubtedly. And 1 say,
further, such inhabitants of that territory as are
willing to come forward and, on oath, declare that
they intend to become citizens of the United States,
and swear allegiance to the United States, (thereby
forswearing all other allegiance whatsoever,) shall
be allowed to vote and act as those who are entitled
to a share of the responsibilities and privileges of
government; otherwise, for five years, you will
have some of the most intelligent citizens in Oregon
deprived of that right. I advocate this principle,
not as a general principle, but as demanded and
made proper by the character of the population of
this territory, and their position.
Now, I hope none of these amendments will be
adopted. This matter has been considered in the
committee, in the light of the facts of the case. It
