1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
is probable that one-tenth, perhaps one-eighth, of
tlie inhabitants in the territory of Oregon are not
citizens of the United States, either by birth or
naturalization. "Well, sir, that is an important part
of that community. Some of them have hereto-
fore owed allegiance to the Q,ueen of Great Britain;
but they have a local knowledge, and a particular
knowledge, in regard to the interests of that terri-
tory, which those now going there cannot possess,
and to which they will be greatly indebted. Now, can
you enact a law to take from those who have lived
in Oregon, all interest in the administration of pub-
lic affairs there? I trust it will not be done. 1 trust
that in a large and liberal spirit we will make these
laws; I trust that we will do nothing, to distract,
to divide; that we will do nothing to make them
feel our laws as a burden, but everything which
shall endear them to the United States.
If 1 object Co anything in this section, it will be
that it requires every fiee cititzen to be " white,"
to be allowed to vote. In regard to that great ter-
ritory, I would have liked it better, if there had j
been no restrictions placed on the human race, and
everybody, of whatever shade of color, had been
allowed to come in there and build up the institu-
tions of that country so distant, and on such anew
theatre, in the way m which the providence of God
should direct them. But I will not press that sub-
ject at this time, for it can be of no use to do so.
I expressed the hope, that the amendment yes-
terday adopted would be reconsidered, and the
section be allowed to remain as it is. There may
be, however, one technical provision necessary to
be made, ill order to meet my views.
Mr. DOUGLASS here interposed, and the floor I.
bein? yielded, caused to be read a substitute which '
he intended to offer for the whole section, and
which he hoped would meet the views of the gen- j
tleraan and the committee. It is as follows:
" That every free white mjle inhabitant, above the age of
twenty-one years, who shall have been a rendontot said
Teintory at the time ot the passage of this act, and shall
posses-s tho qualifications hereinafter presonbed, shall be
entitled to vote at the first election ; but the qualifications
of voters at ail subsequent elections shall he such as shall be
presciibed by the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That the
right of suffrage shall be exercised only by citizens of the
United States, and those who shall have declared on oath,
before some court of record, their intention to become such,
and shall have taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States and the provisions of this act."
Mr. ROCKWELL, (resuming.) I can only-
say, I very sincerely hope that this will he adopt-
ed. This is a matter on which I would not have
troubled the committee at all, had it not received
some consideration in the Committee on Territo-
ries; and when it was attacked so severely yester-
day, I did suppose there might be some difficulty
about the matter.
As to the proposition of my friend from New
York, [Mr. Campbell,] I beg him to consider
whether it is woith while to press it in regard to
this Territory. It is a ease which is parallel to no
case which is likely to arise: a case where there
is a considerable nvnority of the most influential \
inhabitants of that Territory who are not citizens i
of the United States; where there is a peculiar rea- >
son why they should be allowed a voice m the in-
cipient measures of organizing that Territory.
The amendments proposed by Mr. Vinton were
disagreed to.
Mr. DOUGLASS (chairman of the Territorial
Committee) proposed the following modification to
the section of the bill under consideration:
«• That every free white male inhabitant above the age of
tweutv-one ve<n>, who ^lin.11 have been a resident of said
territory at the tune nf the pvt-ase of this act, and shall
possess the qualifications hereinafter prcscnbed, shall be j
entitled to vote at the first election, but the qualifications of
voters at nil -.ub^equent elections thall be tueh a* shall be I
proscribed bv the L-insUm e Assembly: Provided, That the
right of sutfinge shall be exeicised only by citizens of the
United States, and those who shall have dechued on oath,
before .-onie courtof jeeord,their intention to become such,
and shall have taken an oath to support ttie Con>titution of
the United States and the provisions of this act." j
This amendment was agreed to. !
Mr. CAMPBELL, of New York, said that j
when he had moved the amendment restricting the
right of suffrage to American citizens, he had (lone
it in good faith, and he had since seen no cause to
change his opinion. He disclaimed having been
■i actuated by any view of promoting the ends of
any particlar party in the country. The amend-
ment he had moved was not confined to native-
born citizens, but embraced equally the adopted
citizens of the United States. A gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] had charged upon him
contracted views and a narrow spirit in proposing
to restrict the bill; but this came with* ill grace
from one who advocated so narrow a definition of
voters as that with which the bill commenced.
Mr. C. was willing to stand by the compromises
of the Constitution: he,>vas not for touching them.
He thought they had been wisely inserted. The
question of slavery "was one which involved the
well-being of two races; and he believed, that in
the providence of God, great good might result
ultimately to much-injured Africa from the very
injustice and cruelty to which she had so long been
subjected. The evil of which she might so justly
complain might, by His beneficent hand, be made
the instrument of restoring civilization and the
blessings of Christianity to her shores.
Mr. C. adverted to the former occupation of that
part of Oregon north of the Columbia river by the
Hudson Bay Company, and the right conceded to
them by treaty of the free navigation of the Co-
lumbia river, and expressed his unwillingness to
give to the Territory an organic law which should
be m conflict with or have an injurious aspect to-
ward our revenue laws. Under the Constitution
of the United States none could be members of
that House who were not American citizens; and
yet it was proposed to give a Territory such a con-
stitution that aliens might become members of its
Legislative Assembly. He dwelt on the incon-
sistency of such a proceeding. He thought that
if, as was said, the aliens in Oregon did not amount
to more than one-tenth of the population, they
might be very well content to submit to the same
laws which bound all the rest of the Union.
The debate was further continued by Mr.
ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, who opposed the
provisions of the bill as in direct violation of the
spirit, if not of the letter, of the Constitution, and
of the laws heretolore passed on the subject of
naturalization. Should the principles of this bill
prevail, they might be made to apply to other
cases hereafter.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH was reluctant to take
away the right of voting from those now in the
Territory. And yet he thought that, as a perma-
nent arrangement, the people of Oregon ought to
be subject to the same Jaw of naturalization with
other people of the United States. The number
of those now piivileged would diminish by death
from year to year, while the geneial law would
gradually supeisede the exception.
Mr. B. would offer the following proviso, to be
added to the sixth section:
'*Provided, That i.otlnng in tin* act shall be con-trued to
give p'-wei to nicorpoiate a bank or any institution with
banking powei > 01 to borrow money 111 the name of the
lYiutoiy, or to pledge the faith of the people of the same,
for ,my loan wliatevei, either ilnectly or indirectly.'*
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH said that, while
providing a constitution for the people of Oregon,
he should hold himself derelict to his duty, did he
not make an elfort to secure the prohibition in the
amendment. He came from a Stale which had
endured various and gieat misfortune; but, with
the sole exception of the bloodshed which had
taken place within her borders, he knew of none
so great as the omission to insert a proviso of this
kind into the law by which she was erected into a
Territory.
Mr. McCLERNAND should vote for the pro-
viso, but wished to explain the reasons why he
should do so. The question as to the constitu-
tionality of banks created by Territorial Legisla-
tures had been settled by the United States Su-
preme Court. Mr. McC.'s own faith on that sub-
ject had hern, that the constitution did not comer
on Congress the power to cieate a bank, and that
therefore Congress could not confer on a Territorial
Legislature what it did not itself possess. Yet, as
the Supreme Court had decided differently, he
should give his vote for the proviso.
The question being taken, the amendmeut pro-
posed by Mr. Brockenukuuoh was agreed to.
The 7th, 8th, 9th, and 10th sections were read
and agreed to; and the 11th section being read—
Mr. DOUGLASS said that the judges in other
Territories had originally received §1,500, but
Congress had raised the salary to §1,800. He
thought that the judges in Oregon were entitled to
receive at least as much, if not more, on account
of their distant situation, and the peculiar circum-
stances of the country. He would, therefore,
move to fill the blank in the bill with $2,000.
The question being put, the ayes were 49, the
noes 58. No quorum voting.
On a second count the ayes were 58, the noes
53. No quorum.
A third count being called for, a quorum, at'
length came within the bar, and the amendment
was negatived: Ayes 57, noes 60. • -
Mr. DOUGLASS then moved to insert $1,800.
But this also was negatived. The blank was
finally filled with $1,500.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved to amend the eleventh
section, by adding the following proviso, after the
words " travelled route," in the thirty-sixth line,
viz:
"Provided, That there shall be but one session of the
Legislature annually, unless on an extiaoidinary occasion
tho Governor shall think proper to call the Legislature to-
gether."
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS offered to amend the
twelfth section, by adding the following:
" Provided, That nothing in relation to slavery in th« act
shall be construed a* an intention to interfere with the pro-
visions orspmtof the Missouri compiomise; but the same
i-> hereby rccogruscd as extending to all teiritory which may
heieafter be acquired by the United States."
Mr. A. said he had no doubt that, as the bill
stood, ail that part of tbe territory referred to in
his proviso was in reality subject to the Missouri
compromise; but as it was covered up under the
general terms used in the section, he wished it'
more definitely specified. Taking it for granted
that gentlemen on both sides were disposed to
abide by that compromise, he hoped there would
j be no objection to having it specified in the resolu-
j tion.
I The CHAIR (occupied by Mr, Hopkins) ruled
I so much of the amendment to be out of order a«
| referied to territory other than that of Oregon.
Mr. ADAMS thereupon said that he would omit
the words " acquired or to be acquired."
Mr. THURMAN thought the whole of the
amendment out of order, inasmuch as there was
no portion of this Territory of Oregon to which
the compromise had any application whatever.
Mr. PIAMLIN wished to add to the amendment
a proviso m the following words:
Provided, Nothing herein contained on the subject of
slavery shall bo construed as intending to interfere m any-
wise with tlie provisions or spirit of the Missouri compro-
mise.
Mr. H. said he would vote for the amendment,
without, however, any reference to the Missouri
compromise whatever. He held that that com-
promise had nothing to do with the Territory of
Oregon. He should vote under the belief that the
compromise had no more application to the Terri-
tory of Oregon than it had with the East Indies.
Gentlemen asked him, why then put it into the
bill? He would tell them why: because, if this
were not inserted, slavery would creep into this
territory as certainly as ever Satan crept into the
garden of Eden. He should therefore vote for it
with all cheerfulness, because he was willing there
should be no mistake. For one, he regarded that
the Missouri compromise did not apply to or in the
least affect any territory in the Union at the time it
took place. What was it r It was a compromise
between two sides of this House and of the coun-
try, effected by drawing a line along the latitude of
36° 30', separating so much of Louisiana as should
; be open to slavery from that part of it from which
| slavery was to be forever excluded. Now, it was
: obvious that, on every principle of justice, when
[ other territory was to lie taken in, the compromise
J line must be run on a different parallel to suit the
,! changed state of circumstances. Mr. H. had de-
l! sired to have the principle of this compromise
'{ introduced into Texas, and made a condition of
! her annexation to the Union. But he had been
l! told by gentlemen who opposed it that this would
;i be unnecessary, because a part of that State must
;! be free by the'law of Heaven, it not being adapted
j, to a slave population: and finally the compromise
i; was in that case refused, and slavery was now
ij lawful in every part of Texas. It was time now
!• that it should be fully understood: that the resolu-
,1 tion had been taken, and would prevail in all the
j! free States of this Union, that there should be no
j| more slave territory admitted into the Union or
ji suffered to exist there. That doctrine would pre-
i! vail: and wo, wo to the man coming from any one of
'| those States who should not govern himself accord-
!I ingly. He might, possibly, escape for a time, for
' a short time; but, as surely as he had an existence,
