'172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
quantity of land to be granted to each soldier a
quarter section instead of a half section.
Mr. CAMERON expressed his willingness to
adopt the modification, and his amendment was
modified accordingly.
Mr. CASS. Is it intended to be given to every
officer and private in the regular army ?
Mr. CAMERON" proceeded to observe, that his
great object in this matter was, to give land to the
private soldiers; and he was willing it should be
confined to them and to the non-commissioned
officers. He would therefore strike out the word
u officer."
The amendment was accordingly so amended.
Mr. BENTON said, that if the Senator would
not withdraw his proposition, he had only to
remind the Senate that, in every act passed by
Congress granting land far any purpose, a pro-
vision was usually inserted to guard against such
lands falling into the hands of speculators; and yet
here was a naked proposition for granting land
without one solitary provision for such purpose.
He considered the amendment now presented,
therefore, as equivalent to an act, on the part of
Congress, making a present of nine-tenths, or
perhaps of ninety hundredths, of all the land pro-
posed to be given under this amendment to specu-
lators. He was totally averse to such a proceed-
ing. He desired that the necessary guards should
accompany the enactment.
Mr. CAMERON said he would be very happy
that the Senator would put as many guards upon
it as he pleased, in order to keep the lands out of
the hands of speculators; but as to any such dan-
ger as the Senator seemed to apprehend, he had
no fears. It might be supposed, with equal justice,
that speculators would possess themselves of the
clothing of the army furnished them by the Gov-
ernment. He took it for granted that the ranks
uf the army would be filled by men of sense—men
who knew enough to take care of their own m-
teiests. He saw in the streets to-day a poor fellow,
who had been serving m the army and fighting the
battles of his country, and who had been disabled
in battle, reduced to the necessity of asking alms.
If that man had a quarter section of land given
him, he would be beyond the necessity of appeal-
ingto the charitable to relieve his wants. He hoped
the amendment would be adopted, and, if Sena-
tors believed that guards were necessary, they
might be added.
Mi. PHELPS said he certainly had 110 objec-
tion to any proper provision that might bepio-
posed to encourage enlistments in the army; but
he could nut perceive the propriety of giving to the
oificers of the i egnlar army, already 111 service, the
gratuity contemplated by this provision. It seemed
to him altogether uncalled for, and altogether with-
out precedent; for, if he understood the proposi-
tion, it was to bestow this gratuity upon ail the
officers of the army, without distinction. Although
he was prepared to go for any inducement to the
citizens of this country to enter into the military
set vice, lie was not exactly piepared for a proposi- 1
tiou to bestow this giatuity on those alleady ni the [
service. Thcte was another difficulty: the amend- i
ment proposed to bestow the gratuity upon ail who 1
might volunteer. Now, if he was correctly 10- 1
formed, a vast number throughout the county had 1
volunteered whose services were not accepted. .
Before he could vote m favor of such a grant, it i
would be necessary that it should be confined to j
those who actually entered the service. It ought !
not to be given to all who volunteered, whether .
they had been m service or not. He thought the
proposition required amendment in this particular. 1
The VICE PRESIDENT being about to put ,
the question upon the adoption of the amend- !
ment— j
Mr. CAMERON demanded the yeas and nays; !
and they wete oidered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN desired, before the vote ,
was taken, to say a single word. He felt con-:
strained to express his opposition to this amend- ,
ment in its present form. He was satisfied, that if
his friend from Pennsylvania would give the sub- <
jeet a little more reflection he would come to the
conclusion that it would be extremely injudicious
to adopt it. It was a provision granting a war-
rant for a quarter section of land to every soldier.
"Was the Secretary of War to locatc this land
wherever he thought fit? What sort of a warrant
was it to he? Hitherto it has been the practice to
picscnbe how the land should be patented. The
terms of the grant under this amendment were al-
together too large for any practical purpose of le-
gislation. All this should be made the subject of
very precise and restrictive legislation. Again:
this amendment seemed to be defective in another
particular; as he understood its meaning, no sol-
dier was to have this bounty except those who
were honorably discharged before the termination
of the war. This he presumed was not the inten-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania. But this
was a trifling error. The other was the material
objection in his opinion. He thought, therefore,
in order that all those who concurred with him in
his views upon this subject might have an oppor-
tunity to act together, it would be better not to
adopt this proposition at present. The error to
which he had alluded, if it were an error, was with
him a very material objection 10 its adoption.
Mr. CASS desired to make one suggestion to
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania; and it
was, that he had omitted a very important class.
He believed the amendment did not embrace the
heirs of those who died in service. They ought
to be the sharers if a bounty were given. And
another thing struck him as being irregular. It
occurred to him that the Secretary of War would
be the proper officer to issue these warrants.
Mr. CAMERON observed that he was willing
to make any alteration which honorable Senators
might desire, so as to carry out his intention,
which was to giant the land to the soldiers. He
hoped his proposition would not be rejected on
account of trifling omissions which a mere verbal
amendment would rectify.
The Senator from Kentucky was mistaken in
his opinion that the amendment was not sufficiently
explicit. He had drawn it up with great care, and
after much deliberation. He was anxious that it
should pass. He had thought of it a long time,
and was willing to do anything to make it accepta-
ble to the Senate.
Mr. ARCHER said that, in a matter of this im-
portance, where so large a quantity of the public
domain was to be granted, he held that somewhat
more attention ought to be given to the manner in
winch the grant should be made. It appeared to
him to be a subject for distinct and grave deliber-
ation, as much so as the bill itself winch it was
proposed to amend, tic thought it would be bet-
ter, theiefore, for the honorable Senator to refer
the subject to the Military Committee, with in-
structions tu report upon it. tie should dissent
fiont the amendment m Us present form, although
he was disposed to vote for it at the proper time,
and when it had been subjected t(^ more mature
consideration.
Mr. ALLEN said he did not suppose that it
was the desne of the mover of this proposition
to put any member of that body in a false posi-
tion before the country upon a question so impor-
tant. lie took it for granted that the Senator had
!| moved it mainly with the view of promulgating
j; his own particulai views upon this subject, and
'! he judged so from tlie fact that what hau already
[l passed since the amendment had been lead mdi-
i; cated the immature considciaiion which the mover
11 of the amendment had bestowed upon his own
offspring. Tinee times already had his friend
1 from Pennsylvania, without a word of explana-
> tion, accepted modifications; and he would name
i another difficulty, which he luid no doubt would
ji elicit from the honorable Senator as ready a con-
ij sent to amend as the others had done. It was,
.j that his piopusition did not include a solitary man
I who served one year. It did not embrace those
men who fought at Monterey. It included those
: who should mhst hereafter, but not those who
! had already served. The honorable Senator, he
j was suie, did not wish to exclude those men;
i therefore, he would at oncc sec the necessity of
I enlarging his proposition. He did not believe
, there was a disposition on the part of the Senate
to evade this question. lie did not believe there
was any such parsimonious spirit 111 that body as
| to induce them to withhold the most liberal dona-
'! tions of land to the men engaged in the service of
'I their country. He was ready to vote, and he had
j, no doubt the entire body would vote, large and
!' liberal grants for those who had served one year,
as well as those who should serve during the war.
.j There could be no doubt as to the disposition of
every Senator to make libeial donations to the
II soldiers. There was now before the Senate a
!i resolution looking to the same object as was con-
templated by the amendment, and a similar prop-
osition had been made in the House, and referred
to a committee, with a view of having a system
devised in detail, so as to convey the bounty of
the nation directly and efficiently to the individ-
uals for whose benefit it was designed.
The object of the restrictive provisions, which
had been alluded to by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, was to prevent any accidents which might
occur from depriving the poor soldiers of the land
after it had been granted them. But the gentle-
man had furnished no restrictive provisions m his
amendment. Nearly or quite all of them would
vote for a large donation to all those who should
serve either during the whole war or a part of it
as well as to the widows and orphans of the fallen
soldiers. No one could doubt the disposition of
that body to do this. Wherefore, then, that prop-
osition in such an unusual and crude shape?
Why attach it to a bill which the exigencies of
the country loudly demanded—a hill to recruit
not the volunteers, but the regular army? The
object contemplated by his friend from Pennsyl-
vania, as had been suggested, required a system,
and not a single proposition. He would give the
largest tract of land as a bounty to the soldier.
Mr. A. was one of those who believed that, as
between the Governmentand citizen, great liberali-
ty should be observed, more especially as regarded
the uncultivated soil of this country. He knew
of no better use that could be made of the public
domain than to reward the brave and patriotic men
who had volunteered to serve in this war. He had
himself submitted a proposition to that effect a
proposition extending to a large class not included
m that now offered by his friend from Pennsylva-
nia. And here he was reminded of another diffi-
culty in the Senator's proposition. Was the same
appropriation to be given to those who served du-
ring the whole war as to those who served only
during a part? Instead of having a system, as
they must necessanly have, in order to carry out
properly the purposes of a donation of this kind,
they had but a naked proposition presented. It
seemed to him, therefore, that it was altogether out
of place. Let the Senator designate his plan with
more precision, and form a symmetrical system,
and he should have his supoort.
Mr. CAMERON said he did not pretend to that
maturity of judgment in matters of this kind which
the Senator from Ohio possessed; but he did pre-
tend to know what he was about as a Senator rep-
resenting one of the States of this Union. The
remarks of the honorable Senator* he thought,
were as immature and out of place as the Senator
had declared his proposition to be. The honorable
Senator was not to be the judge of his action in that
body, nor to characterize his proposition as undi-
gested and out of order.
Mr. ALLEN. The Senator will allow me to
correct a mistake into which he has fallen. I did
not say it was out of order, but I say, as part and
parcel of a system for prosecuting this war, it is
out of placc. I do not speak of it with any want
of respect to the Senator, but I speak of it in re-
gard to its connexion with the prosecution of the
war.
Mr. CAMERONreplied, that the uniform course
of lus life had been to peimit rebuke from no man.
He would not permit any one to say that his prop-
osition was " out of order" and " out of place."
He had said that he was willing to accept of any
amendment which would enable them better to
accomplish the object in view. He had already
accepted several amendments, because he wished
lor harmonious action. The Senator from Ohio
had said that this bill was not to provide for the
volunteers. He would inform him that it was the
intention of the Government to take whole bodies
of volunteers and incorporate them with the regu-
lar army. It was important that the soldiers
should now know what bounty they were to receive
from the Government. If the amendment should
not be passed by them, citizens would not be so
ready to volunteer their services for the existing
war. The very learned gentleman from Ohio, who
had much experience in matters of this kind, as he
had intimated, could in a moment or two draw up
such an amendment as he contemplated.
Mr. BADGER said he was very decidedly in
favor of the general proposition to grant a bounty
to the soldiers, and he was inclined also to think
that an amendment to that effect appended to this
bill would not be out of place. At the same time
