1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
of the debate which arose respecting the occupancy
of the chair, it was not reached. He therefore
now called for its consideration.
Mr. DIX remarked that there were two bills
reported from the Military Committee, which had
been made the special order for to-day. The first
was a bill which had several provisions in common
with the bill which had just been postponed until
to-morrow; the other was a bill to appoint a lieu-
tenant general to command the military forces of
the United States during the war—to which prece-
dence was due.
Mr. JARNAGIN said the bills mentioned by
the Senator from New York would necessarily
take much time, and therefore, if it was in order,
he would move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business, to which the Sen-
ate could devote itself for the residue of the day.
Mr. BREESE remarked that on his side of the
House they were not aware of anything of impor-
tance that required attention in executive session;
whereas the bill to graduate the public lands had
been made the special order for a day that was
pa.ssed, and if now taken up, so far from consu-
ming much time, he apprehended it could be dis-
posed of in one hour, for it was the same bill which
passed the Senate 111 .Tuly last, and the arguments
used on that occasion must be fresh in the minds
of gentlemen. He hoped, therefore, it would be
taken up and considered.
Mr. JARNAGIN had supposed the gentleman
from Illinois knew the character of the business
which required attention in executive session. If
the Senate should go into secret session he was
confident that he should be able to satisfy that
gentleman that there was business of some im-
portance—perhaps of as much consequence to the
Union at large as the graduation bill. This he
could not do here.
Mr. BREESE called for the yeas and nays on
tha motion to go into executive session.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted
thus: Yeas 21, nays 24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL
Mr. DIX moved that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill to appoint a lieutenant
general to command the military forces of the
United States during the war.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
taken up accordingly, as in committee of the
whole.
Mr. DIX rose and said:
Mr. President: The bill under consideration
was introduced in accordance with the recommen-
dation contained in the President's special mes-
sage of the 4th instant. The reasons for asking
the appointment of a general to command all our
military forces in Mexico were briefly explained
in that message. Having introduced the bill as a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs, I
deem it due to the Senate and to the subject to
state the considerations by which I have been gov-
erned in giving the measure my support.
Our military operations in Mexico have hereto-
fore been carried on in detached commands, on very
extended lines, and in the execution of enterprises
not only totally distinct from each other, but at
geographical distances so remote as to preclude
an y thing like direct combination between the forces
respectively employed in them. These enterprises
have all been successful. Santa Fe and Chihuahua
have been overrun and occupied by the military
forces under Gcncial Kearny; the Cahfornias by
Colonel Fremont and our naval forces in the Paci-
fic; New Leon and part of Tamauhpas by General
Taylor; and Durango by General Wool and Gen-
eral Worth. The whole of northern and central
Mexico, as far south as the mouth of the Rio
Grande and the twenty-sixth parallel of latitude,
is virtually in our possession. The Mexican
authority may by this occupation be considered
extinct m tins extensive district, constituting, if
we include Sonoia and Sinoloa on the eastein
shore of the Gulf of California, from which I be-
lieve the Mcxican forces are witlidiawn, about
two-thirds of the entire territory of the Mexican
republic, and about one-tenth of its population.
The land forces, by which these acquisitions have
been made, are rapidly concentrating upon the
southern line of the subjugated territory. Their
operations are to be, in some degree, combined,
instead of being carried on m separate divisions.
General officers, who have heretofore operated in-
dependently, are to come together and to act with
each other in the accomplishment of common
objects. At least four of these generals have the
same rank, that of major general, the highest rank
in the service; and precedence among them in
their respective arms is, therefore, to be determined
by date of commission. In subordinate commands
this mode of settling questions of precedencc is
inevitable, and ordinarily leads to little practi-
cal inconvenience. But to permit the right to
the chief command over such numerous forces
as are now to be combined, and in such exten-
sive operations as are to be carried on, to be de-
termined by mere priority of commission, and
not by superiority of grade, is, to say the least,
exceedingly undesirable, not only in deference
to military principles, but because this very cir-
cumstance has often proved unfriendly to united
and zealous action, and sometimes has led to the
frustration of plans of campaign, and even to de-
feat, when succcss would have been certain with
proper cooperation on the part of the commander
and his subordinates. I might appeal, for the
truth of this remark, to our own military history,
as well as to that of other countries. 1 believe 1
may say, it is a well-settled opinion m respect to
military command, and especially in extensive :
operations, that the chief commander should, if!
possible, be superior in grade to the other general j
officers serving under him. The considerations, j
by which the correctness of this principle is sup-
ported, are perfectly compatible with the highest
patriotism and honor m the persons holding subor-
dinate commands. It is strictly a question of mili-
tary organization. We may concede to all the
purest devotion and disinterestedness; and yet in
the organization of military bodies, and in the
preparation of plans of campaign, we should be
wanting in ordinary prudence if we were not
guided by those general principles, which are cal-
culated to render our arrangements proof, as far
as human arrangements can be, against all hazard
of failure in their execution. If there is a particu-
lar form of organization better suited than any
other to give efficiency 10 the movements of mili-
tary forces, it is the part of wisdom to adopt it;
nor should we be content with a less efficient lorm,
even though we have the fullest confidence m the
patnotism and zeal of those who are to take part
in the contemplated enterprises. Sir, I have en-
tire faith m the devotcdness and gallantry of the
officers of our army, and of the volunteers; and
no one shall surpass me here in attributing to
them the praise, and awarding to them the justice
to which they are entitled. I consider the pro-
posed measure entirely consistent with the inter-
ests of both arms of the service, which are deeply
concerned, though not so deeply as the interests
of the country, in giving to the military body, of
which they aie a pait, the mest judicious arid
efficient organization.
Looking to the numerical forces to be moved in
combination, they will far exceed any number
ever commanded m this country—and L believe I
may say m any other, except from accident or
some temporary necessity—by a major general,
the highest grade in our service. The proper
command of an officer of that rank is a division.
A major general and a general of division are con-
vertible terms. A division consists of two brigades;
a brigade consists of two i eg l mums m the tegular
service, and three in the volunteers. The com-
mand of a major general, therefore, is from four
to six thousand men. The force to be employed
in Mexico, if our operations are to be carried on
with proper vigor, should not fall short of twenty-
five or thirty thousand fighting men in the field.
It now exceeds twenty thousand. It is sufficient
for four full divisions. To permit it to be com-
manded by a major geneial, having no precedence
over his associates excepting by the date of his
commission, is as inconsistent with military prin-
ciples as it would be to organize a regiment with
three or four majors, and without a colonel; or, m
other words, without a head. It js far too large
a force to be commanded either by a major general
or a general having no higher rank than others
serving under him. Such an arrangement is totally
inconsistent with military principles and usages,
looking to organization m its narrowest sense.
When Napoleon was in command of th^army of
Italy, after his first successes, the Executive Di-
rectory determined to asstfbiate with him General
Kellerman, one of the best commanders of that
day. Napoleon remonstrated sgainst it in a letter
written in his usual terse and vigorous style; and
he concluded by saying, that one bad general was
better than two good ones. Sir, there is great force
and truth in the proposition. He intended to inti-
mate that every military body should have a distinct
head; and certainly the observation is eminently
applicable to cases m which the numerical forces
are greatly disproportioned to the rank of the offi-
cer commanding them. For these reasons, if there
were no others, I should be in favor of the Presi-
dent's recommendation to appoint an officer of
higher rank to command our armies in Mexico.
Thus far I hav€ spoken of the proposed meas-
ure as connected with sound principles of military
organization and command. I desire now to pre-
sent some considerations of a different nature.
Our military commanders in Mexico are operating
in an enemy's country of vast extent. They are
overrunning provinces, reducing cities and towns,
■ and providing for the security of the subjugated
territories under the rules of international law, and
according to the usages of civilized States. These
] are high prerogatives, the incidents of war, having
their authority in conventional rules beyond the
civil constitution and municipal laws of our own
country. It is very desirable that the depositary
of these high and extraordinary powers should not
only cairy with him the requisite military talents,
but that he should also possess the experience and
the civil qualifications indispensable to enable hirn
to meet his responsibilities intelligently and dis-
creetly. Not only his own Government, but all
civilized nations nave an interest in the mainte-
nance of rules designed to mitigate the asperities
of warfare by applying to the conduct of war tiie
principles of humanity and justice. Errors in the
application of these rules may involve* his own
Government in embarrassment and reproach.
These considerations, I am aware, apply rather to
the qualifications of the man than to the rank he
may happen to hold. I advert to them only for
the puipo.se of indicating the importance of the
position occupied by the commander of our aimies
in Mexico, and the propriety of extending to the
President the broadest field for selection.
In the message of the President, it is recom-
mended that authority be given to appoint a com-
manding general for our military forces m Mexico,
without specifying any rank. The committee, m
repoiting the bill, propose to confer on him the
rank of lieutenant genera]—the grade in other ser-
vices next above that of major general, which is
the highest in ours. The grade was crcated in
1798, during our dissensions with the French re-
public, by an act authorizing the President to raise
a provisional army. The office was conferred, by
the unanimous vote of the Senate, on General
Washington, and was accepted by him, but with
the express stipulation, that he should not be called
into service until the exigency for which the office
was created—an invasion of the United States by
France—should actually occur. He did not be-
lieve it would occur; he was not deceived in this
belief; and he never entered on the discharge of his
duties, excepting so far as to give advice with re-
gard to the organization of the army. About a
year after this grade was created, and a few months
before he died, another act was passed, authorizing
the appointment of a commander of the army, with
the title of " general of the armies of the United
States," and thereupon abolishing the office of lieu-
tenant geneial. I have not been able to find that
the appointment was ever made; and by a return
from the War Department in 1800, General Wash-
ington was reported as lieutenant general, dead.
According to the analogies of other services, the
rank of general is higher than that of lieutenant
general. I have not thought it material to inquire
into the object of the second act; but it may have
been designed to confer on him a rank as nearly
appicaching that which he bore in the revolution-
ary war (that of general and commander-in-chief j
as was consistent with the Constitution of the
United States, winch declares the President to be
commander-in-chief of the armies of the United
States, f
111 other services, the rank of lieutenant general
is, I believe, apart, and an essential pait, of the
military organization. In France it was formerly
conferred on the chiefs of provinces, and the indi-
viduals holding it were invested with civil as well
as military functions. In modern times, I believe,
