176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14.
it has become purely a military title, and it con-
fers a rank intermediate between that of major
general, which is below, and general, which is
above, it. As the grade next to that of major gen-
eral, it seems the proper title, if a higher grade is
to be created. On the other hand, though the of-
fice of commander of the military forces in Mexico
will be purely military, nevertheless, m providing
for exigencies which may arise in the occupation
of an enemy's territory—and, let me add, with as
little disturbance as possible to the local authori-
ties and the ordinary administration of justice—
his station becomes one of the highest delicacy and
importance. If a new grade is to be created, I
repeat, the title of lieutenant general will be admit-
ted to be proper in a strictly military sense, and it
is descriptive of the relation in which the comman-
der of the armies in Mexico will stand to the Presi-
dent as coinman^er-in-chief of the armies of the
United States under the Constitution. He cannot
be in Mexico in person, <md he mus*, therefore,
command there by his lieutenant or deputy, by
whatever name the latter may be called.
The proposed creation of a new grade in the army,
higher than any now known to the service, does
not contemplate the creation or delegation of any
new authority to the officer who may be appointed
to it. He will possess no other powers excepting
those now possessed by our military commanders.
The act creating the office limits its duration to the
war vyith Mexico. It is proposed to be created for
the extraordinary emergency m which the country
is placed, and will cease with it,
I desire it to be distinctly understood that the
measure is proposed with a view to the vigorous
prosecution of the war, and in this view only I
support it. If we were to have a war of posts, or
a long and moderate war, the office would be unne-
cessary, and I should not give it my support. On
this point I desire to say a few words more. I
concur fully m the sentiments expressed by the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] at a
late session of the Senate, with rcgaid to a vigor-
ous prosecution of the war. I see no alternative
but to advance with a competent force, and compel
Mexico to make peace. Least of all would I ap-
prove the policy which has been referred to on this
floor, of maintaining our present line of possession,
and waiting for peace to come to us. I see in such
a policy no beneficial results. On the contrary, I
see in it nothing but evil and mischief. I believe
it would be a line of war, assassination, and rapine,
which neither party would have the ability to put
down, it is only a restoration of peace, resting
upon the solemn sanctions of a treaty, that can
engage either party to tieat the perpetrators of out-
rage with the severity necessary to suppiess it.
Draw a line across the Mexican terntoiy, and
place your soldiery there to guard it, and you will
be exposed to the danger, so well described by the
Senator from Kentucky, of having your own divi-
ded forces attacked by the combined forces of the
enemy at any point winch he may select. Besides,
Str, take such a line, and let our present hostile
relations to Mexico continue, and you give to indi-
vidual acts of depiedation, in some degree, the
sanction of law. You comert a war of communi-
ties into a war of individuals, without responsibili-
ty, and without restraint, while the hostile feeling
"between the two countries will constantly giow
more embittered by the repetition of acts of vio-
Icnec. Peace alone, uniting the sovereign power
of both countries in the maintenance of order, can
terminate a state of things disastrous to hoth, and
at war with all the interests of humanity.
1 have said that I see no hope but in a vigorous
prosecution of the war. I believe with proper
energy it may be brought to a close. The oppo-
sition winch has been made to us m Mexico has,
i believe, come wholly from the army. There
has been no uprising of the people, as there would
be with us if our sod were to be invaded by a
foieign Power. There are two reasons why it is
so. Our military operations have been carried on
chiefly m a sparsely populated country, and the
great body of the Mexicans are neaily disarmed.
Mnive a paper befoie me, published m the city of
Mexico, containing an ai tide from Zacatecas,
showing a most extraordinary fact. If Senators
will look at their maps, they will lind the depart-
ment of Zacatecas, southwest of New Leon, of
which Monterey is the chief town, southeast of
Durango, and northwest of San Luis Potosi—lying,
in a word, m the very centie of the territory of
Mexico. And yet the frontiers of the department
and those of Durango are subject to the constant
incursions of bands of savages, from twenty, thir-
ty, fifty, to two hundred in number. Let me read
an extract from this article:
" Zacatecas, October 25, 1846.
" In our last number we announced that, besides the one
hundied men who had gone outia the direction of the north-
ern frontier of the State, to free the inhabitants from the
depredation of the savages, his Excellency the commanding
general would go outin person on thefiist of tin; next month
with the rest ol the foroc of the sixth regiment of permanent
cavalry. But having leceived the day before yesterday news
which was communicated by extiaoidinary express trom
the political chiefs o( Soinbierete and Nieves that a paity
of savages, whose number they estimated at two hundred,
had shown themselves in the neighborhood of Mateo Go-
mez, Santa Catanna, and other villages in that quarter,
his Excellency the commanding general hastened bis de-
parting, ami vesteidayhe marched with about two hundred
men of the .sixth regiment, a detachment of the active bat-
talion, a company or the national guaid, and a detachment
of artillery ot tin: same guard, with one piece of cannon.
Besides, his Evcllency has sent orders to the political chiefs,
ot Nieves, Sombreiete, Fresnillo, and others m that quarter,
to assemble the miluid, as t«u* as the excessive scarcity of
arms would permit, and aid the operations of the command-
ant general. We believe, then, it the savages succeed in
attacking the people ot the fiontier, tliey will be severely
punched.''
The same paper contains an account of a fight
with the Indians, in Durango, on the 18th of Oc-
tober, in which eleven Mexicans were killed and
twenty-four wounded. The scene of these Indian
depiedations is two hundred miles in advance of
our army at Monterey, nearly midway between
Saltillo, in Durango, and Santa Ana's headquar-
ters, at San Luis Potosi. It is an extraordinary
fact, as indicating the defenceless condition of the
great body of the Mexicans, and from u the ex-
cessive scarcity of arms," the militia could only be
partially employed. The people, it would seem,
are dependent for their protection on the army;
and when this is withdrawn, they are again ex-
posed to outrage and depredation from the most
insignificant bands of savages.
I will now call the attention of the Senate to two
articles of great interest and importance as con-
nected with the history of the contest in which we
are engaged with Mexico, and as casting some light
upon the course which it may be incumbent on us
to pursue. 1 have two Mexican papers, published
m the city of Mexico about the middle of Novem-
ber, and containing what may be regarded as the
manifestoes of the two great parties in that country,
put forth in anticipation of the meeting of the extra-
ordinary Congress now in session. The first is the
Monitor Republicano, (the Republican' Monitor) |
of the 14th of November, 184ft, containing, under i
its editorial head, an article which I will read from •
the Spanish, and in translating it, as I proceed, I :
shall endeavor to follow it with literal accuracy, 1
for any deviation from the original would impair i
its strength: ;
"Most gtave are the questions of which the solution be-
long- to the Congress soon to be convened, and ilien mo- i
mentousness incalculable. One of the most impoitaot is
th«; teimiiiatton or continuation ot the actual wai with the
United State-, a subject on which depends nothing less than
our existence an independent nation.
"The iea>ons which exKt for terminating the war are ,
mo-t powerful; ami not less weighty are those which oblige j
us to continue it. Our situation is truly critical, and nn- i
mense the responsibility of those who are to decide our i
fate. I
" Our country, weakened by twenty-five years of intestine !
wars, cannot present the enugetie and limneibJe insist- <
ance winch aic the fiuit of p'-aoe, of union, and ot otdcr in I
the public administration. Events common to all youthful '
nations, and which ouis has been unable to avoid, have i
brought u* to the condition which we to-day deploie, but
tioin winch, unhappily, it i^ noi in our power immediately
to escape. The nation*-- of Eui ope, attentive to their own j
interc-ts, all incline to lavor om enemies, because they con- \
sidci them stronger, and because ft out their tnumph they |
anticipate gieater advantages tor their indu-try and com"- I
meice. Mi-loirunes, the offspring of the mipiovuience and |
weakness ot a Jew men, are aiuibut<jd io the whole nation, '
which, in this maimei, 1ms incurred repmnohes it vva- tar !
from meriting. Finally, everything; conspnes agaitibt us, |
and on all side-; the most gloomy pe^pecuve presents itself. ;
These, ami in,-ui> otlu-i r< aeons which will readily occur to i
him who letieet- a moment, p« rsuade us of the nnpenous j
necessity of putting an end to so gieat a calamity as that '
which afflicts us.
k< But m what manner onn we attain it? What treaties i
fan we nnke. which will not co\er as with oppiobnum? i
Thfse wicked men have usurped our teiritoiy, demolished !
our cities, destroyed our «eaport>, and lendeied our shipping I
n-*elc«^ th< y Iko e committed every species of violence upon i
our citizens and ofiered eveiy de>ciiption ot outrage to our !
country. Can wc, witnouf covering ouiselves with igno- I
Jinny, humble ourselves, and yield what they desire, and j
what will he to us, beyond measure, unfavorable ? Mexico ■
has stifieied giave lujuiies from the civil war which has !
burned without intermission m her bosom ; but she will not !
admit that her sons have lost the noble ardor, with which 1
they have always fought to defend their natal soil. All
Mexicans, without any exception, are resolved to sacrifice
all their interest, and their existence, befoie they will coM
sent to be tiie slaves of avaricious adventurers and this rtoble
decision is the surest pledge of triumph. The smallest, the
most insignificant people oil earth are invincible, when
they combat for their independence. And Mexico, will she
not maintain her dignity ? Will she not know how to avail
herself of any of the great elements ot defence, with which
nature has endowed her?
"These are powerful motives why we should pursue .
at every peril, a most just contest—a contest to which we
are stimulated by the greatest incentives that can be ima-
gined.
" What, then, is the issue of this most important matter?
We confess, in good faith, we nie unable to foresee; and
that only the most matine deliberation of wise and expe-
rienced men is capable of bringing to a good termination,
a question of life or death tor Mexico.
"Great, then, should be the circumspection with which
the future Congress should proceed—a Congress which we
shall accuse of our ruin, or to which we shall bo the debtor-?
for oui salvation. Evory citizen of those who compose it,
when he finds himself in the Hall of the Representatives of
the people, should forget every interest, every affection, and
keep oniy in view his country, whose fate lie is to decide
irremediably."
This, sir, is the declaration of the republican
party of Mexico, and I cannot, by any words of
mine, add to its force or eloquence. This party I
suppose to be far the most numerous and the most
patriotic, but kept down by the army, the clergy,
and the monarchists. Though their manifesto
breathes a noble spirit of patriotism, and denounces
us as invaders of the Mexican soil, I think it will
not be difficult for an attentive reader to perceive
that they are strongly disposed to peace, and that
they see nothing but evil to the republic from the
military rule of Santa Ana. It is the party with
which our negotiations were commenced for an
amicable settlement of the Texas question. "We
have, I fear, lost much of its confidence since the
war commenced. We are considered as deter-
mined to dismember the republic. The Mexican
papers are full of a plan which they attribute to
. us, of dividing their territory at the 23d degree of
; latitude, the parallel of Tampico and San Luis
I Potosi; and while they suppose this to be our de-
| termination, it is natural that they should speak of
jus with asperity. But let it be once understood
j that we are disposed to settle our differences on
j just and liberal terms, and I believe there would be
I no obstacle with them to a pacification. They are
' now powerless; but it may be that, m the progress
of the war, their condition may be reveised, and
that by a wise policy on our part, political results
of the highest benefit to Mexico may be secured,
and her republican institutions may be established
on a more solid and durable foundation.
I will now read to the Senate a paper of a differ-
ent character—a paper which may be fairly con-
] sidered as the manifesto of Santa Ana himself. I
| find it in the "Diario del Gobierno de la Republica
j IVJexicana (the Journal of the Government of the
! Mexican Republic) of Sunday, the 22d November,
1840; but the article is copied from a paper printed
at San Luis Potosi, and entitled " La opinion del
ejercito," (the opinion of the army,) and doubt-
leas conducted under his supervision. Indeed, it
contains a reference to his opinions, which may
be regarded not oniy as authentic, but semi-official:
"San Luis Potom, Noi ember 13.
"Thi: war witii the United Statls.—Public opinion
expressed thiough the pie-s has been continually arraigning
our rulers, of all epochs, for the apathy and indiflerence
j with w hieii they have viewed the To.xas question shut, the;
; unfoitunate event of San Jacinto. From that tune tlioMe.\i-
. can people knew what would be the consequences of this
cuminal indiffeience, and constantly and energetically
; begged tor the r< htoration of the constitution of as the
. only means of recovering, with le^s difficulty and by force,
j possession of that vast and rich terntoiy usuiped by a small
I handful of adventnicrs,
I u Unfortunately, the piecedmg Administration, occupied
; solely with keeping themselves m power, turned a deaf tar
j to the voice of the people, lefu^ing them even the eoupeia-
I turn of our valiant aiiriv m an enterprise, which, smglj. they
i could not have accomplished They feared that the citizen's,
; on receiving arms toteven«e the outiages committed upon
the nation, would turn them against their ruleis. and hml
1 them ftoin the posts whnh tin y held bv means of revohi-
i hons. In this manner tlmy s-uceeedrd m weakening the
1 strength of the peoplu, and putting to sleep their enthusiasm,
I so as to favor the iapa<nt\ of the Anieiicam, who already
I meditated the annexation of Texas to their State.-.
! Vk This act of peifidv was verined by a decree ot theCham-
! ber of Deputies of the United States; and the reclamations
I fiom our Government, and the ansvvi;r?« toihein, were m
j gieat pait unknown to the people, from whom they were
| carefully concealed, m oidei that public opinion might not
; interfere with meaMires so little favorable to the interests of
the community. Tim* have negotiations of the lushest im-
portance to Mexico, constantly become more complicated,
until we now see ouiselves invaded, and a large portion of
; our country occupied, not merely by Texan advcuiuiers,but
> by the annyof the United States, oideied hither without
