1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
intend to say, nor did anybody so understand me,
in this House alone—but in the sovereignty of the
United States, in the Government of the United
States, as contradistinguished from the municipal
authorities of the States, the sovereignty lies over
all the territories, without the States, that we may
jointly own. The provision of the Constitution
referred to by the gentleman from South Carolina,
is this:
"The Congress sliall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations 1 e.-pecting the territory or
other property belonging to tlir: United States."
"The territory or other property." The territory
of the United States, then, is " property," as much
so as our " other property," be it vessels, cannon,
munitions of war, or whatever belong to the Uni-
ted Stares, for it is so distinctly averred by the
Constitution. I say, then, that the territory is the
property of the United States, and the sovereignty
is in this Government, and none other; it belongs
to the United States, " and nothing 111 this Consu-
' tution shall be so construed as to prejudice.any
' claims of the United States, or of any particular
* State." And let me ask the gentleman from
South Carol ina, where lies the sovereignty over
territory which we jointly own, if not in this Gov-
ernment? Is it in any individual State ?
Now, I assert that the sovereignty is in this Gov-
ernment, over any.territory, without the States,
that we may jointly own. It is the property of
the United States; and. where property exists,
there is sovereignty, unless that sovereignty be
sunendered. Wheie the right to the realty, to the
eminent domain, where the property in the soil
exists, there exists the right of sovereignty until
that right of sovereignty shall have been suiren-
dered. This proposition could not be successfully
controverted. You will turn round, I know, and
say, docs not this Government own a large amount
of property in your own State—in Indiana, Illinois,
and other States? That is all true. But I say the
sovereignty rests in her, without she surrenders it.
She has surrendered it, so far as relates to those
lands which lie within the boundaries of the States
of this Union.
Mr. RHETT interposed, and asked, if he was
to understand the gentleman from Indiana to say,
that wherever this Government owns property,
there its sovereignty is a necessary incident.
Mr. PETTIT. No. I say wherever she owns
the eminent domain—the soil itself—and has not
surrendered, or qualified that sovereignty, she has
exclusive sovereignty.
Mr. RHETT. Does not the General Govern-
ment own property in Indiana, Illinois, and almost
every western State? and does her sovereignty fol-
low it there ?
Mr. PETTIT. That is exactly what I have
said; and if the gentleman had listened to me, he
would not have had to ask this question. I have
said, that where the right of soil is in this Gov-
ernment, or any other Government, the absolute,
unconditional sovereignty exists there, unless it
has been surrendered; and, 1 said, that gentlemen
would rise and ask me, why, then, does not the
absolute sovereignty of the General Government
exist in Ohio, Indiana, and other States where this
Government owns territory? And my reply is, that
this Government has surrendered the sovereignty
over the territory within their jurisdictions to the
States, by admitting them as free and independent
States. That is the proposition, and no gentleman
will undertake to deny it.
Well, then, sir, in reference to this question of
inhibition: I take it, it is no more or no less—
gentlemen need not clamor to me abouta constitu-
tional provision, a constitutional infringement,con-
stitutional rights and wrongs—it is no more or less
than the exercise of a sound and prudent discre-
tion, like any other legislative transaction. You
have just as much right to prohibit slavery with-
out the States, as to perform any other legislative
act; ay, I might say, that you are compelled to
prohibit it: you cannot authorize it. I say to gen-
tlemen, this Government has not the power to
create a slave, and hence it cannot create slavery.
They have a right to prohibit it. It is a power
that should be exercised always with judgment,
prudence, propriety: as should be managed your
fleets or armies, as should be managed any public
property or public right, so should you manage
this.
How, then, am I to act, and how to vote upon
this question? Sir, there are public considerations
that ought to weigh on every gentleman's mind
concerning this question. I lay down this as a
sound maxim: no nation, however great, or pow-
erful, or wise, within itself, can act wholly irre-
spective of the influences that press upon it from
other large and surrounding nations. No nation
can live in the centre of civilization, and say it is
continuing to spread civilization and civil liberty
throughout the world, and not be more or less in-
fluenced by other nations. It is due that one nation
should have for other nations the same respect,
and entertain the same courteous feelings, that one
gentleman should for another; that it should not
wantonly outrage the right, and the moral sense
of the world, in any home transaction., Thus:
where has any act of excessive tyranny or cruelty
been exercised in any Government of Europe,
without making the others surround that Power,
telling it to desist, or leave its throne?
It is true, we are told we are counting our chick-
ens before our eggs are hatched, when we talk
about the result of this war, and the disposition
wc will make of the territory wc may acquire.
The late rumors from the South throw up over the
hori/.on rather a dark cloud. 1 doubt not, however,
that our brave soldiers will dispel the gloom, and
the eftuhicnce of a bright and triumphant sun will
burst upon us But, m my judgment, it is too late
in the age of the world for one nation to make war
upon another, to conquer her now fiee territory,
and chain and manacle the slave therein. I shall
not do it by my vote or voice. No, sir; you have
seen all Europe and the nations of the world stand
by and say " hands off," and acknowledge that
you have had grievance after grievance "heaped
upon you, and causes buflicient to justify you in
going to war; but let them once be brought to be-
lieve that you design to conquer now free territory,
and dot it over with manacled negroes, and you
will have an interference that will not be so
pleasant.
Mr. P. here pausing for a sccond—
"Mr. Chairman," "Mr. Chairman," broke
from many voices around him, of gentlemen who
were anxious to get the floor,
1 have not done yet, gentlemen, (said Mr. P.;)
I am just getting warm. [A laugh.] Although I
have spoken longer than I intended when I rose,
I do not know, but had I the power of Joshua, I
would command yonder finger (pointing to the
clock) to stand still, that I might enjoy the benefit
of a longer hour upon this subject than I am al-
lowed by the rule.
Sir, (resumed Mr. P.,) I agree with the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Dargan,] partially rela-
tive to the acquisition of territory. I do not hesi-
tate to say to all, that I would rather see no territory
acquired, than to see it acquired for the purpose—
or even if it were to be the result, the contingent
result, that it was to be made slave territory.
With my vote, and with mjr voice, I shall not
support any proposition that will tolerate, even for
a moment, a further extension of slavery, believ-
ing, as I do, it is a curse—a curse to mankind—a
curse to the world. Time will not allow me to
go into the history of ancient Governments, who
have manacled and enlaved surrounding nations.
Not that the slave was injuied; no, sir, I've no
sickly sympathy with the negro. I am not one of
that class of men who are constantly harping upon
the wrongs of the degraded or degenerate blacks;
1 am not one of that class who would equalize
them, by giving them the elective franchise or
other social privileges, the same as those of the
white race, except that of personal liberty and per-
sonal protection.
Mr. BOYD here interposed, and was understood
to inquire what the gentleman would do with the
negroes ?
Mr. PETTIT. Well, I will reply to the gen-
tleman's inquiry. I am just told by the gentleman
behind me, [Mr. Burt,]' m his speech, and I am
told all around me, that that is a question we can-
not touch; that it is left exclusively to the States.
I thoroughly accord with gentlemen in that view.
Just take care of them, then, in your own States;
keep them out of mine.
But I was saying, I am not one of those who
have a sickly, fawning feeling for the blacks. On
the contrary, I believe I will go furthei than even
the most tenacious southron. I believe that it is a
blessing to the entire black population, the entire
black race in this country—and I say it loud
enough to be distinctlyunderstood, let it go where
it may—that it is a blessing to them, to their race,
to their kind, (if they are capable of receiving a
blessing at all,) that they have been and are en-
slaved in this country. That they are infinitely
better off than their ancestors were, in the wilds
and sands of Africa, I have no doubt. Although
there may be cases of oppression and wrong com-
mitted upon them, as there is among the white
population, I doubt not that they are infinitely
better off in their social and domestic relations, in
the lelation of slaves to their masters, than they
would be if they were entirely free. I have no
hesitation in saying this. Yet there is another
view of the question. Although at the first blush
it seems to be a hardship for one man to control
another, it does not always follow that the blow
that seems to be oppressive or wrong, actually
carries the greatest infliction to the one receiving
it. You may touch a torpedo, and you hurt not
it, but benumb your arm. And so goes, I believe,
the old story about Islington, and the man being
bitten there by the dog:
(i But soon a wonder came to light,
That "sHowvrl the rogues they hed—
The man recovered of the bite.
The dog it was that died."
Sir, this seeming oppression, oftentimes, in ten
thousand instances, by the wisdom of Providcnce,
is turned to the benefit of the oppressed, and to
the actual injury of those who are thought to be
their oppressors. Tell me how all northern Eu-
rope became civilized at the time it did; how the
arts and sciences, the learning and literature, of
Old Rome was so soon carried to all the northern
barbarian hordes? Sir, it was by the incursions
of C<esar and others, making them prisoners,
dragging them down to Rome, and selling them
at the halbcrt for slaves. There they learned
the first rudiments of arts and civilization; they
carried them back, one by one, by degrees—as
now and then one would escape from their task-
masters,—they carried back the results of their long
absence, the valuable information acquired, to be
spread among their countrymen. Undoubtedly
slavery in Rome was the precursor of civilization
to all northern Europe. So much may be said of
northern Africa. When Scipio Nasica dragged
his thousands and hundreds of thousands in chains
to Rome, he placed them where they might learn
the arts of civilized life, which they took back
with them to their native land. My friend near
me says ours may go back. Ours have already
started back. There is not always the same facil-
ities for getting back. There is a large space of
water between us and them; they cannot walk
there or run there; but, through the philanthropy
of a class of our fellow-citizens, they have been
transplanted there, and they are now carrying back,
to some extent, and imparting to their countrymen,
the advantages of civilized life, which they have
partially derived during their bondage. Sir, I do
not pretend to say how far this race is capable of
improvement. I am not one of those who believe
he is the equal of the northern European, or his
descendant—of the Anglo-Saxon. I believe them
far more incapable in the arts, sciences, letteis,
philosophy, sound judgment, and common sense.
They have more of the animal, and less of the
mental, in my judgment. But even they, in the
course ot time, may be advanced to some extent.
I have taken these views; and 1 say, and I re-
peat, that under no circumstances, come what may,
will I ever vote to incorporate one rood of territory
within our grasp, and our power, if it is to be
covered with slaves; not because I believe them
wronged or injured, but, because I believe it is a
blot and a curse. 1 say it to my southern friends;
and I shall give some reasons for it. Wherever
the enslaved footstep is found to tread, wherever
the master of the slave has one " to fan him while
he sleeps and tremble when he wakes, to attend
upon him and to minister to all his wants from in-
fant v to old age, it cannot be anything else but a
curse upon the land, an enervation to the posses-
sor,and an incubus upon the community generally;
It will be the man who touches the torpedo that
will be injured.
Sir we are told often, and loud, and long, of the
dissolution of the Union, and denunciations, broad
and bitter, arc thrown out against us, if we dare
to say we will not lend the power of this Govern-
ment to the extension of slavery. If I believed
that this was an infraction of the Constitution, I
should be the last to put unholy hands upon it;
