186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
if we suppose that there exists any such feeling of
jealousy in the minds of these distinguished offi-
cers, or their other associates, are we to extinguish
that feeling by taking a man from civil life and
putting him over their heads, and intrusting to in-
experienced hands the duties of a skilful military
commander? Sir, think you there is one of that
brave corps of officers who would feel himself dis-
honored by obedience to a known and skilful offi-
cer, and who would yet willingly submit, and cor-
dially cooperate with a citizen, taken from private
life, and with one long step placed over the heads of
those who for half a century have been engaged in
the country's service? My word for it, you could
not adopt a measure more calculated to break the
spirit of your troops, more calculated to destroy the j
high and noble, the gallant and daring spirit which j
rushes into danger as to a banquet, than to teach .
by your practice the doctrine that the honor of i
an officer is not secure, from degradation. Sol- i
diers will yield to valor and intelligence displayed :
in former service; their confidence is unlimited in
him who comes to them as a commander covered
with glorious scars, and covered by decorations
won Ijy brilliant services from the gratitude of his
country. Sir, they care little for the name he
bears; it is the impersonation of the hero that they
regard, in the person of the gallant and true sol-
dier who is capable of leading them into any dan-
ger, and demanding of them any sacrifices. What!
Teach the officers of your army that, after they
shall have separated themselves from their homes,
from the wives of their bosoms, and the children
of their affections—after they have gone into those
hideous wilds, under the burning sun of that fatal
climate—after they have exposed themselves to
hazards and to death in every form, that their
well-earned fame, that the just meed of their ser-
vices, shall in a moment be swept away and disre-
garded ! Is this the treatment which you propose
towards these gallant men?
Sir, as I have said, if it is the mere intention of |
this bill to enable the President to confer the title
upon the present commanding general, it is idle, it
is useless; he will regard itas no compliment. The
title of major general, which he now bears, has
been gained regularly in the service of his country,
and is the just price of his noble, gallant, and dis- j
interested services for more than the third of a j
century. Sir, if the title be given to him it would j
possess no charm; if, indeed, it were possible—if,
in the dim and unread future, it should be the de-
sign of Providence, by a course of almost unheard-
of miracles, that he should reach an eminence equal
to that of the saviour of hts country—if he should
become to be considered by the people of his coun-
try worthy to bear the title of the second Washing-
ton, and it should then be tendered to him as a
token of his country's approbation, as the best
reward short of the rewards which belong to
another world—under these circumstances, so ten-
dered, he might consider it an object of honorable
distinction; but, sir, now going there to take com-
mand of this aimy, he would regard it as no dis-
tinction: and, sir, let me assure the honorable
Senator from New York, that unless I am greatly
deceived, he misunderstands, and the President, if
the gentleman discloses rightly the views of the
President, lie misunderstands the feeling of that
gallant band of officers, if he supposes that they
would be willing, by this uncertain path, this de-
vious course, to turn the flank of a noble com-
manding general, and allow another to be put
ovui him.
The honorable Senator from New Yoik read
certain passages from Mexican publications. I
listened to them with attention and with interest,
i was gratified that the honorable Senator should
have for a short time occupied the Senate with
the translation which he was kind enough to give
us of the sentiments existing in Mexico, and the
views they entertained in regard to this war; but,
for my soul, 1 was totally unable to see, with every
disposition to discover, what there was in those
extracts to affect, in the slightest degree, the merits
of the measure now under the consideration of the
Senate. From some of these extracts, we learn
that, m situations where one would scarcely have
expected them, roving bands of banditti were en-
gaged in inflicting serious injury upon the cabins
of the peasants, and that the persons of travellers
weie not safe. Sir, a lieutenant general wil! scarce-
ly extend his protection over travellers who may
be assailed, or the dwellings of peasants which
may be molested. Another extract informs us of
the sentiments of the great body of the Mexican
people, and I dare say it does reflect them truly.
j[f they are truly represented, I must be permitted
to say that the sentiments they entertain are noble
and patriotic. I believe when it was read, there
was but one feeling—that of admiration for the
men who avowed such sentiments, impressing us
with the belief that we are contending against a
noble foe, one worthy of our steel. The connexion
of this matter, however, with the appointment of
lieutenant general, I was totally unable to compre-
hend; but, as I have already said, and endeavored
to show, the efficient prosecution of the war de-
pends, not at all upon the title of the commander,
but upon his personal qualifications. The honor-
able Senator'also read to us, from another paper,
the sentiments supposed to be entertained by San-
ta Ana, by the priests of Mexico, and the aristoc-
racy who'adhere to them, if they are the aristocracy.
Well, sir, I discover in these two papers one dif-
ference—the difference is this: that whereas the
body of the people call us a wicked nation, Santa
Ana calls us a perfidious one. But, whatever
difference of opinion there may be in regard to
ourselves, there is but one sentiment in regard to
the war—a determination to provide for the defence
and the protection of their country, and a refusal
to treat while our troops occupy any portion of her
territory. I confess, however, that when I heard
the paper read, and learned from the honorable
Senator that it was no doubt a paper which spoke
the views of Santa Ana, and those who were
prompted by his influence; when I thought of it—
when I recollected, sir, by whose agency Santa
Ana was enabled to thrust himself upon the
arena; when I recollected that he went there m
consequence of orders from the President that our
squadron should be asleep when he passed; when
I recollected the hopes which were entertained from
the circumstance of his reentering Mexico, and
the wretched return he made for the favor he had
received, I confess it struck me that the transaction
would fully justify a vote of want of confidence !
of this Senate in one, and perhaps in both, of the i
parties in that transaction. j
But, Mr. President, there was a disclosure which i
came from the honorable Senator from New York, !
in a reference made bv him, that I confess alarmed 1
me in some degree. The views which I had taken I
up previously to the introduction of this measure, I
were founded on the different possible modes that j
might be resorted to for filling this office after we '
have created it; but I learn from the honorable
Senator from New York that no such state of un-
certainty exists, and that the very purpose on the
part of the President in asking; us for the creation
of the office is, that a civilian, a politician, may
receive the appointment; that some man should be
selected to fill, as the honorable Senator says, a
strictly military appointment, who is nevertheless
expected to discharge the duties appertaining to a
civil appointment—an officer whose principal du-
ties are expected to be those which do not belong
to a military man. This, sir, wa3 the disclosure
made by the honorable gentleman; and he also
made a reference—he referred to the fact of the
existence of lieutenant generals in France, and very
justly observed that they seemed to have some pe-
culiar powers and authority, to occupy some pecu-
liar relation to the country, distinct from that of a
military commander.
Mr. D1X. If the honorable Senator will allow
me  j
Mr. BADGER. Certainly. ,
Mr. DIX. I must have been misunderstood
by the honorable Senator. My remark was, that
these officers, though possessing military power,
yet, in providing for exigencies which might arise,
were prepared to exercise civil functions. Theirs
was a post of the highest delicacy and impor-
tance.
Mr. BADGER. I have listened to the explana-
tion of the honorable Senator, and it really seems
to me that the only difference between us is, that
he has shadowed out the result, and I have merely
alluded to the fact of the existence of such an office
as stated by him. The difference is like that which
I remember having remarked when I was a school-
boy; the word " negotium" being understood, and
not expressed. He says they have military power,
but there may be other qualities. The gentleman
j spoke of the qualities of statesmen, and that situa-
' tions of great delicacy might arise, requiring the
exercise of both. Now, permit me to say, that
the explanation does not at all disarm the subject
of its terrors. The gallant generals of France were
referred to, who occupied peculiar relations to the
country, different from those of a mere military
officer; and we are informed that our military chief-
tain, under the title of lieutenant general, is expect-
ed, at a juncture of delicacy which may arise, to
act in the capacity of a statesman. Very well, sir;
let me call back the attention to what duties were
performed by those officers on the expnation of a
dynasty—to what took place in the memorable days
in July, 1830. Now, sir, if this is the purpose of
the present measure, I am opposed to it on higher
and stronger grounds than at first. A military
commander of this new rank was objectionable to
me at first, yet it was endurable; but if it be in-
tended to enable the President of the United States
to look abroad through this extended Union, and
select the successor who is to come after him, sir,
I say I feel alarmed; I feel that something more is
at stake than the ordinary contingencies of a Mexi-
can war. If there be a military man who has an
opportunity of showing his skill in arms, of saving
his country in a great emergency, I, for one, have
no objection to reward him by the highest gift of
power and means which this country can bestow;
but I must object, if the purpose of this commission
be not purely military; if it be not the design to
appoint simply a commander for the army; if we
are to have other important and delicate powers
intrusted to him, the functions of a statesman to
be conferred upon him, and he is to occupy the
relation to the appointing power which the lieu-
tenant generals did in France at the time of an ex-
piring dynasty, sir, it raises objections mountain
high. It is but the first step for perpetuating, by
passing into other hands, the powers of the Chief
^Magistracy.
Mr. President, I have heard it said elsewhere
that a mere capacity for military command, not
j only the inferior powers of a martinet, but even
those powers of a higher grade which enabled an
officer to direct the military operations of a regi-
ment in the army with ability and success, are not
all the qualifications necessary for a commander-in-
chief in a large and extensive war; that the power
of combination, that genius and skill in executing,
may be wanting in him; and a man serving in a
limited command may be equal to any emergency.
I grant it; but what practical bearing has it on this
question ? Is it a reason why there should be such
an officer as this in our army ? is it a reason why
the officers in our army who have always proved
themselves equal to what was demanded from
them—is it a reason for disinheriting them of their
proper reward, of those honors to which they are
eminently entitled, and for bestowing them on one
who has not passed through the trials which have
made them what they are? True, sir; they may
fail: he who has shown himself able to command
ten thousand men may prove utterly unable to
direct the operations of avast campaign, or to lead
an army of fifty thousand; but at least, if he can
command ten thousand, he has attained some de-
gree of military skill. And as Providence has not
conferred on us the power of looking into men, we
can only judge of what a man is able to do by what
he has done; and when a man shows that his
powers increase in proportion to the demand!?
made upon him, it is a pretty safe guarantee that
he will not be found wanting in any emergency.
But when we go into the civil world, what means,
what guarantee of success m selecting have we ?
For aught I know, or for aught you know, Mr.
president, there may be on this floor, within the
Sound of my voice, among the members of this
Senate, some half a dozen hidden Napoleons or
Alexanders; but, if so, Providence has concealed
from us a knowledge of the fact; and what are we
to do ? Shall we call in the aid of phrenology, and
have the qualities of men determined by the bumps
upon the skull ?
I Sir, it is true, in selecting the highest officer from
I among those who are already known to us by
! their military services, the man of our choice may
fail to fulfil our expectations; but, if he have suc-
ceeded heretofore in the command which has been
intrusted to him, you have all the real certainty
which a wise Providencc has placed within your
reach. By reasoning from the past to the future,
you arrive at a probable deduction, and, if you
should be deceived, you are free from all self-
reproach; you have used all the means for making
