1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
a wise judgmaikfivhich God has giyen you, and
miscarriage vi^Sea misfortune, and not a crime.
But if you voluntarily relinquish such aids, and go
forth upon chance and speculation, and you fail,
the failure is a crime as well as a blunder; and, if
you succeed, you are indebted not to reason, but
to Fortune, who, in her capricious distribution of
favors, sometimes bestows them upon those who
least deserve them.
In every view, then, that I am able to take of
this subject—whether those connected with it di-
rectly, or those brought to mind by the observa-
tions of the Senator from New York yesterday—
it seems to me that the Senate had better pause
where they are. There is but one instance in our
history in which this office has been conferred,
and there is but one Washington in our history.
The occasion for conferring ft stood alone. He
upon whom it was conferred stood alone in most
honorable and eminent singularity. I, for one,
am clear that we should let that case remain a soli-
tary one; that we should let no case of a similar
kind succeed it; that we should let that office and
the name of Washington remain associated to-
gether to all future time, unless some overwhelm-
ing necessity should require a departure from this
course, or unless Providence should send us ano-
ther Washington, to whom such an office, a second
time, may with propriety be given. But without
such necessity, or such a man, in a state of things
in which the office would be useless or mischiev-
ous, according to the disposition to be made of it,
I do hope the Senate will not now yield to the only
real reason I have at present heard for the estab-
lishment of this office—and that was one which I
was sorry to hear from the Senator from New
York—that the President desires it. Sir, I do not
understand that to be my rule of action on this
floor. I desire no office from the President. I
stand here with my colleague, as a representative
of one of the States of this Union, to exercise an
independent judgment; and while I am willing to
concede to the President the full ability to carry on
this war—(a subject, on which I do not propose to
enter now, but on which, before the close of the
-session, I hope to be able to make my opinions
known)—while I am willing to do everything that
is reasonable and right, I must judge for myself,
on my own responsibility, what is right; and
believing this to be wrong—believing it to be a
weak and inefficient, if not an unjust, measure,
according to the manner in which the power is used
by the President, I never will give my vote to
confer power which I believe never will be useful,
but which may be mischievous.
The PRESIDENT stated that the bill was still
open to amendment.
No Senator, however, rose to claim the floor,
and, after a pause, the bill was reported to the
Senate, and the question was stated to be on its
engrossment for a third reading.
Mr. MANGrUM rose and said:
Mr. President, 1 move that this bill be laid on
the table.
[A Senator: As a test question ?]
Yes, as a test question.
Mr. M. also called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and resulted thus: Yeas 28,
nnys 21, as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cilley, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clajton, Coiwm,
Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Huntington, Jar-
nagJD. Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland. Man-
gum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Upham,
Webster, Woodbridge, and Yulee—28.
NAYS— Me&m. Alien, Ashley, Atchicon, Atherton, Bag-
by. Breese, Blight, Caps, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field, Hannegarf, Houston, Nile?, Rusk, Sevier, Speight,
Sturgeon, Tuiaey, and Westcott—21.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
GRADUATION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public lands.
Before any action was had thereon—
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved an adjournment.
Mr. BREESE called for the yeas and nays
thereon, and they were ordered, and resulted thus:
Yeas 25, nays 21.
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 15, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL requested Mr. D. to
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. DOUGLASS declined; remarking that if
he did so he was assured there would be business
enough to occupy the entire day.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired of the Speaker whether
he (Mr. H.) had not the privilege to make a re-
port from the Committee on. Elections, touching
the privilege of a member of this House?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that if
the resolution affected the privileges of any sitting
member of the House the question would be one
of privilege; otherwise, the Speaker thought not.
Mr. HAMLIN said he would state briefly what
the resolution was.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will send his
resolution to the Clerk's table and have it read;
and the Chair will then decide what its character
is.
Thereupon, the resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House whether
any, and if any, which of the Representatives
named in the list annexed have held any office or
offices under the United States, since the com-
mencement of the 29th Congress; designating the
office or offices held by cach, and whether the
same are now so held, and indicating in said in-
formation the names of all who are now serving
in the army of the United States as officers, and
receiving pay as such; and when and by whom
they were commissioned.
The SPEAKER then said that in the judgment
of the Chair, the resolution was not that kind of
question of privilege which would entitle it to take
precedence of all other business.
Mr. HAMLIN said he hoped the House would
consent to the adoption of the resolution. The
committee wanted the information it called for,
before they could act upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
going1 into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
And the question being taken, was decided in
the affirmative, (thus excluding the resolution of
Mr. Hamlin.) '
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the special order, viz: the bill
to establish the territorial government of Oregon.
The question before the committee was on agree-
ing to the amendment offered by Mr. Burt, viz:
to insert between the word "and" and the word
" shall," in the 7th line, in section 12, the words:
" Inasmuch as the whole of the said territory lies north
of36° 30' noith latitude, known a> the line of the Mtshouu
compromise."
The vote was taken by tellers, who reported in
favor of the amendment 70, against it 72.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment, being made to the 12th
section, the 13th was read and agreed to.
The 14th section being read—
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend it by adding
the following proviso thereto, viz:
uProvided, That the compensation for mileage of the said
delegate shall not exceed two thousand dollars; nor shall
the compensation for mileage of any member ol'Congro«s or
delegate (other thau from Oregon) be more than fifteen
hundred dollars."
The CHAIR ruled the latter part of the amend-
ment out of order, viz., the words " nor shall the
compensation," &c.
Mr. SAWYER then modified his amendment
by withdrawing all of it after the words "two
thousand dollars."
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $2,000 and inserting §3,000.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the proviso of-
fered by Mr. Sawyer, and the proviso was agreed
to.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the 14th sec-
tion, in line 1, by adding, after the word "dele-
gate," the words " who shall be a citizen of the
United States;" which was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved further to amend, at
the end of the first clause, by adding a proviso
" that the first delegate elected to the House of
' Representatives of the United States shall serve
(for the Congress only for which he shall he
1 elected."
This amendment was agreed to.
Sections 15,16, and 17, were read and agreed to.
Section 18 being read—
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to amend
it by adding, after the words " sixteen," the words
"and thirty-six," so as to make it read "sec-
tions numbered sixteen and thirty-six in each
township."
The amendment was agreed to.
• Section 19 was read and agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the following addi-
tional section to the bill:
"Sec. . Jlnd he it further enacted, That all officers to be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, for the Territory of Oregon, who, by vir-
tue of the provisions of any law now existing, or which may
be enacted duringthe present Congress, are'required to give
secuiity for moneys that may be intrusted with them for
disbursement, shall give such security at such time and place
and in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee then rose, and the chairman re-
ported the bill to the House.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the previous question;
but withdrew jt at the request of
Mr. BURT, who moved to amend the twelfth
section, in the seventh line, by adding between the
word "and" and the word "shall," the words:
" Inasmuch as the whole of the said territory lies north of
36° 30' north latitude, known as the line of the Missouri
compromise."
Mr. B. renewed the motion for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER stated that the main question
was on agreeing to the amendment offered by Mr.
Burt.
The vote was taken on the amendment by yeas
and nays as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bedinger, Boll, James A. Black, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd,
Biockenbrough, Milton Blown, William G. Brown, Buit,
John G Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chap-
man, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Cottiell, Ci ozier, CuJlom,
Cunningham, Darnel, Dai^-an, Gaireu Davis. Dobbin, Dock-
eiy, Douglass. Gentry, Giles, Graham, Glider, Haralson,
Harmanson, Hastings, Milliard, Isaac E. Ilolmos, John W.
Houston, George S. Houston, Edmund VV. Htibard, Hunter,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Thomas Butler King,
Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, MVDantel, Jaroes
McDowell, McHenry, McKay, Barkley Martin, Partisb,
Payne, Perry, Phelps, PJH&buiy, Eeid, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts,
Seddon, Simpson, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Thorn-
ahson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Towns, Trumbo, Wood-
ward, and Young—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Arnold, A&hmun,
Benton, James Black, Blanchard, Bnnkeihoft', 'Brodbead,
Buffington. Wm. W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Can oil,
Cathcart, OoHamei, Grant-ton, Cummins, Delano, De Motf,
Dillingham, Dmilap, Ed-all, Ellswoith, Eidman, John II.
Evving, Faran, Foot, Foster, Frie^, Garvin, Giddinsrs, Gor-
don, Gunnell, Grover, Hale, Hamlin. Hampton, Haiper,
Henley, Hoge. Elms B. Holmes, Hough, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Hungcrf'ord, Washington "Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James II. Johnson, Kennedy,
Daniel P. King, Preston Kmg, Letfler, Leib, Levin. Lewis,
Maclay, MeClean, McClelland, MeClernand, Joseph J. Mc-
Dowell, JVIcGaughey, McIIvume, Marsh, Miller, Morris,
Moseley, Moulton, Norris, Owen, PeiriH, Pettir, Pollock,
Ramsey, Hnthbun, Ripley, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, Ju)>n A.
Rockwell, Root, Runk, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Soam-
mon, Srbenck. Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albeit
Smith, Thoma* Smith,Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Stew-
art, St. John. Strohm, Syko*, Benjamin Thompson, James
Thompson, Thurman. Tilden, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth.
Wheaton, White, Wick, Williams, Wihnot, Winthrou*.
Wood, Woodruff", and Y ost—113.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
were then read by the Clerk and concurred in by
the House, except the amendment to the 5th sec-
tion and the amendment to the 18th section; on
the former of which—
Mr. WM. W. CAMPBELL asked a separate
vote, and on the latter Mr. VINTON asked a
separate vote.
The vote was taken on the amendment to the
5th section, and the amendment was agreed to.
The vote was taken on the amendment to the
18th section, and the amendment was agreed to.
The question next in order was on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DOUG-LASS moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered to be put, viz: " Shall the bill be engross-
ed and read a third time?" and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The bill (having been engrossed ad interim) was
