192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16.
to make appointments to fill the vacancies in the
Committee on Private Land Claims and the Com-
mittee of Claims, occasioned by the decease of Mr.
Pennyeacker.
BOUNTY LAND TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. BENTON, in pursuance of the notice given
by him yesterday, asked and obtained leave to
bring in a bill to make grants of land to the non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, of
the army serving in Mexico.
The bill having been read twice by its title—
Mr. BENTON rose and said, he apprehended
there was no necessity in this case for pursuing j
the course ordinarily followed of referring the bill
to a committee. The matter could be as well ex-
amined in open Senate; indeed it had been already
discussed on two or three separate occasions. The | ^;V~been~d'cp^
Senate was as ripe for the discussion of the ques- | bc;„„. made- Xllig bi]1 had lnkon the C()urse ordi.
tion when presented m a bill by itself, as when i
presented in the form of an amendment to the army j
bill. He therefore moved that the consideration
of the bill be now proceeded with.
none, to be held and divided among them according to the
laws of the State in which the said land lies.
Mr. TURNEY rose for the purpose of proposing
an amendment. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER observed, that
there was a question now pending, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. WEBSTER. Allow me to say, that that
question cannot nowbeput. When a bill is brought
in and read, it cannot on the same day be read a
second time, unless on motion made to that effect,
and a unanimous consent be given by the Senate
that it shall be read a second time.
Mr. SEVIER said the invariable practice of the
Senate had been, when a bill is introduced, to read
it a second time, with a view either to act upon it
at once, or to refer it to a committee. That rule had
The reading of the biil was called for by several
Senators.
Mr. CAMERON inquired if it were not neces-
sary, under the rules of the Senate, that the bill
should lie over for one day before it received its
second reading ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER said the Chair
was under the impression that the bill had already
been read a second time, by unanimous consent,
and was now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BENTON said the bilf, as the Chair had
very properly stated, was now before the Senate as
in Committtee of the Whole, and some order must
be taken upon it. One course was to send it to a
committee; that he objected to, because the sub-
ject had been already well considered, and because
the Senate was now as well prepared to act upon
narily pursued. it, had had its second reading,
and was now either to be considered or referred.
The army bill, which had been passed by the
House, was about to be burdened with amend-
ments relating to bounty lands, which would un-
doubtedly embarrass its passage. To get nd of
this difficulty, the honorable Senator from Missouri
introduced his bill, waiving the priority of the army
bill, in order that this might be acted on in the first
instance, that no delay might be occasioned hy
attaching to the army bill a subject which he con-
sidered might more properly be acted upon by
itself. He hoped, therefore, the Senate would act
] upon it without delay.
; Mr. WEBSTER said he had no wish to ob-
I struct the consideration of this subject, either by
j itself or as an amendment to the army bill. The
! general object of this bill met his entire appro-
i bation, whether the proposition were presented .
' in the form of a bill or of an amendment. What j
he wished was, to interpose an objection to that '
which seemed to have become a matter of habit, '
. i | . • * , , ii1 winoii 0L.U111CU u> iicivc uet-uiiic cl uiduti ui iiciuxi.
the substantive measure, standmo- alone, as thev i. 1 . 1 • 1 - . 1 1 1 c .1
, ' > 0 .an ! but which was not sanctioned by the rules of the
were if it were made an .'innenrmu-p tn unnthpv hi i « . , J ,
were if it were made an appendage to another bill.
He had given it the preference over the army bill,
in the full hope that it would be proceeded with at
once, and that they might get through with it in
time to take up the army bill and act upon it to-
day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said he was
under the impression that all the propositions for
the amendment of the army bill, by incorporating
this subject of bounty lands with it, including the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri himself,
had been postponed yesterday, and ordered to be
printed, m order that they might be considered to-
gether. Jf they were to take up this bill alone, the
whole subject would not be before them. He was
desirous that all the propositions which had been
submitted should be acted on at once.
Mr. SEVIER asked for the reading of the bill.
It was read, as follows:
A BILL to make grants of land tu the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, ot' the army, serving in '
Mexico. ' " i
Be it enacted by the Sennte and House of Representatives j
of the Unitetl States of Jlmerua in Congress assembled, That
to each noii-rominissioned officer, musician, and privatr,of j
the tegulars, volunteer-, and militia, who has engaged or
shall eimage to serve during the war with Mexico, and who
shall actually serve for the term of one year, if the war shall
Senate. A bill, upon being introduced, was re-
quired to be read a first time for the information of
the Senate, and then to lie over one day befoie it
received its second reading. It had, however, be-
come common enough—too common he thought—
to dispense with the reading of the bill, and to read
the title only, and immediately to read it a second
time in the same way, by its title, for the purpose
of reference to a committee. But this second read-
ing could not regularly be had without a specific
motion, and the unanimous assent of the Senate.
His object in making these remarks was, that the
Senate might return to a more orderly and consider-
ate course of business. In respect to the bill itself,
he did not care whether his vote were called for
upon it in the shape of a bill or of an amendment.
He was ready to vote for either.
Mr. BENTON observed that the bill was cer-
tainly before the Senate, the substance of the rule
having been entirely complied with. Yesterday,
he had asked leave to introduce the bill: objection
had been made. He had introduced it to-day, on
leave, in conformity with notice which he had
given; it was then read a first time for informa-
|j tion, and no objection being made to its second
!' reading, it was read a second time by the unam-
or dying in service, or discharged [! nious consent of the Senate, and was now before
for disability incurred m the service, there shall be granted .1 /-1 •*.* -**r, , ' , , , ,
one quartet section of land, to be located on any public lands {' Committee of the \Vholc, to be discussed and
liable to entry at private sale. ?! amended, to be adopted or rejected, or for any ac-
Sec.2. rfnd be it further enacted, That all sales, gifts, de- j tion that they mi^ht choose to take upon it. He
Sfi, SSuK private II ^ad what appeared to be the wish of the
or judicial, made at any time before the issuing of the pat- i to dispose 01 this subject before finally act-
em1* for said land, arid for live years thereafter, shall be null ;i ing upon the army bill. In doing this, he thought
1=r^"tee.J,or imheirs at law, or his widuw, ; he had yielded a good deal, and he hoped, there-
' fore, there would be no unnecessary delay. He
or any one of his heirs at law, mav, at any time, and with-
out let or hinderance from any statute of limitation, recover
po^ession of the same from anv pretended purchaser or
holder, under any species of title, piivate or judicial, and
shall recover damages t„r routs and mesne profits for the
whole time that the said holder may have been in posses-
sion, or others .should have been in pos^es^on under whom
he holds ; the said damages and mesne profits to inure to the
benefit of the lien or heirs, or widow, who shall be at the
trouble and expense of ejecting the possessor; but the land
so recoveied shall belong to ail the heirs, and the widow, if
there one, whether they join in the suit or not. And m
any tiial under this act, the sole question to be entenained
by the court shall be one of heirship or widowhood, under
the laws of the State where -said land lies ; and no evidence
of any purchase, or pietended purchase, whether by agree-
ment or under judgmentorexecution scales, shall be suffered
to be produced in comt.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That upon the death of
any person entitled to land under this act, before the issuing
of the patent, or within five years thereafter all the rights
under this act shall descend to his widow and heirs at law,
if he leaye* a widow, and to his heirs at law if he leaves
wished the bill granting the lands to be passed at
once; and he wished the bill granting the men, to
be passed at once. His first wish, if he had a
wish about it, was, that the army bill should be
first disposed of, and in yielding that wish, he had
yielded as much as he ought. j
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said he perceived upon t
the table an amendment, proposed to be offered to j
the army bill by the Senator from Missouri, which !
seemed to be in the same words with the bill which '
had now been introduced. At the same time, he '<
noticed various other propositions offered by other 1
Senators in relation to the same subject. He was \
desirous that all these propositions should be con- ;
sidered together, and to hear what arguments were |
offered in support of each. The motion he was j
about to make would not preclude the Senator :
from Missouri or the other Senators who had of-
fered amendments from discussing them; but in
order that more time may be given for looking into
these amendments, he moved to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill for the purpose of
taking up the army bill.
Upon this motion Mr. BENTON demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BERRIEN. "What is the question before
the Senate?
The Presiding Officer stated the question.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that that motion as-
sumed the fact that the bill was now before the
Senate in a condition to he acted upon. He wished,
in reference to this point, to make a few remarks.
He was entirely in favor of the main object of the
amendment which had been proposed by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania to the army bill, and which
was discussed the other day: he had some doubts,
however, as to the details of that amendment, and
therefore he had very cheerfully acceded to the
proposition for postponement. But it appeared
that a pioposition which had been submitted as an
amendment to the army bill by the Senator from
Missouri had now been introduced in the form of
a separate bill. This bill, then, according to the
rules of the Senate, must be read three times on
three separate days, unless the Senate by unani-
mous consent should otherwise diiect. How was
that unanimous consent to be determined ? Is it
by the simple declaration of the Presiding Officer?
He was perfectly aware of the laxity of prac-
tice which prevailed upon this subject; but when
it was proposed that a bill should be read a second
time for the purpose of immediate consideration,
he apprehended that a motion for that purpose was
ncccssary, and that the reasons which urged its
immediate consideration should also he stated. As
I attentive as he had been to the proceeding of the
j Senate this morning, he had heard no such motion.
! He apprehended, therefore, that the bill was now
j so far only before the Senate as to be subject to
the motion, Shall it be read a second time/ And
until that motion received the unanimous consent
of the Senate, the motion of the honorable Senator
from Delaware was not in order.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator from Georgia
had, he thought, precisely reversed the rule; or, if
he might be allowed the phrase, he had antipodes-
ticaliy stated it. The unanimous consent of the
Senate was not required to be affirmatively ex-
pressed. If no objection was made, it was suffi-
cient. It was a case in which silence ga\e con-
; sent; emphatically such a case. The gentleman
j did not object, because perhaps he did not hear the
| question. No one objected. JNo one said " no."
i ihe bill was before the Senate unanimously and
regularly, and the motion of the Senator from Del-
aware was a regular and pailiumentary motion.
It the motion ot the Senator from Delaware was
to lay down this subject (not merely the bill, but
the subject) for the purpose of proceeding with the
army bill by itsel!, it would be perfectly agreeable
to him; but he apprehended that if this bill weie
laid down, and the army bill taken up, the other
amendments offered to the army bill would be
brought forward, and they would still be involved
in the same difficulty which he had been trying" to
get rid of. He must therefore vote agamst°thft
motion of the Senator; but if that motion pre-
vailed, and the aimy bill was then taken up, and
any gentleman should move an amendment, that
instant would he move this bill as an amend-
ment, and they would consequently be again in
confusion. For the purpose of preventing that
i confusion, he now gave notice that, immediately
; upon disposing of this subject*, if the Senate would
| consent to proceed with it, he would ask the Senate,
J at whatever time it might be, whether by day or
1 by night, to proceed with the army bill, and take
final action upon it.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said he-desired it to be
distinctly understood that tho object which he had
in view in moving to lay this bill upon the table
rr U!e PurPose of taking up the army biil, was to
aliord the Senator from Missouri and every other
Senator an opportunity to move to amend the
army bill in reference to the subject of the public
j lands, and to allow those amendments to be fully
j considered. In^regard to the remarks of the hon-
I orable Senator from Georgia, who seemed to sup-
| pose that his motion assumed that the bill was now
j before the Senate for consideration after having
I received its second reading by unanimous consent,
