THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTOnTbTbTaIR & RIVEst
29th Cowcsress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2J, 1847.
New Series No. 13.
he. could only say, ihat all his motion assumed was
that the bill was in some way under consideration
by the Senate. It was certainly the subject of
discussion. And it was perfectly in order," there-
fore, to move to postpone the consideration of the
subject for the purpose of taking up another sub-
ject. The Senator from Georgia contends that the
bill is in one stage, and the Senator from Missouri
that it is in another. Without going into that
question, he had merely moved a postponement of
the matter. His object was to disentangle the
Senate from the confusion in which they were
placed; for it seemed to him far more proper to
bestow their time upon the important matters
which awaited their consideration, than that they
should be engaged in discussing questions of
order.
Mr. BENTON observed that there was no sort
of necessity for taking up the army bill to give
gentlemen an opportunity to move their amend-
ments, because they could as well be moved by
way of amendment to this bil! as to the army bill.
As far as he was concerned, he would bo glad to
have the opinions of Senators thus indicated, and
to have a full and mature consideration of the sub-
ject. While he admitted that, in general, it was
irregular and unparliamentary to allude in one
branch of the Legislature to what had occurred in
the course of their deliberations in another branch,
yet a case might occur in which it would be en-
tirely justifiable, and he thought this was such a
case. The House having already peremptorily
refused to connect the land subject with the army
bill, to attach that subject to that bill now must
necessarily bring on a contest between the two
Houses. He felt it to be his sacred duty, there-
foie, to oppose such a course, which could only
result in a struggle between the two Houses.
Mr. BERRIEN" said he Imped they were not
to be diverted from a consideration of the objcct
which he had submitted to the Senate. Whatever
urgency there might be in reference to the passage
of this bill, he deemed it important that it ought
to be well considered in all its parts, and that the
Senate should proicct its proceedings by an adhe-
rence to its rules. If those lules were to be gov-
erned by the declarations of the honorable Senator
from Missouri, that the second reading of the bill
was in order because no objection was heard,
then the bill might be deemed to have been read
a second time by unanimous consent, and that
would be the rule; but if they were to be deter-
mined by reference to the record, then it could not
be so considered, and it would not be the rule.
The lule of the Senate, in so many words, declared
that a bill should be read thice several times, on
separate days, unless the Senate should otherwise
unanimously direct. It was not the fart of inac- |
tion on the part of individual members of the !
Senate that gave to the presiding officer a right to ,
consider a bill as read a second time, but it was :
an active positive direction on the part of the ;
Senate, by a vote given m answer to a question |
stated. He was not singular in not having heard |
the observation of the Chair. He would venture :
to say there was not a gentleman on tins side of!
the Chamber who understood ihat the bill had been ;
proposed to the Senate for a second reading. !
Mr. BENTON. No one objected. !
Mr. BERRIEN. Neither did anyone affirm. ;
The rule of the Senate is, that every member must ,
direct, must concur m directing. Now^unless the j
rule of the Senate, which requires a positive direc- J
lion to be unanimously given by the Senate, can j
be interpreted m the way in which the Senator from
Missouri contends—that is to say, that the dnec- ;
tion shall be inferred from the failure of some :
member of the Senate to objcct—unquestionably 1
the bill is not before the Senate as m Committee
of the Whole, though the observation of the Sen-
ator from Delaware may be, to a certain extent,
correct, that the bill is before the Senate. But for
what purpose ^ It is before the Senate for the pur-
pose of being subjected to the question, Shall it be jj
read a second time ? The Senator from Delaware jj
miuht wish to postpone the second reading of the jj
bill; but it was not in order to move to postpone if
13
the consideration of the bill, until it had been read
a second time. He begged pardon if he persisted
in his construction of the rule.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON expressed his willing-
ness to change the form of his motion to meet the
views of the Senator from Georgia, though he be-
lieved they were substantially the same. He there-
fore moved to postpone the consideration of the
question before the Senate, for the purpose of
taking up the army bill.
Mr. CAMEROiV said he should vote to post-
pone, because he was anxious that the army bill
should he act< d upon, and also because he be-
lieved, from the discussion which had taken place
in the last two or three days, that his amendment
to that bill, which could be made to embrace the
substance of this bill, would fail if it were not
attached to the army hill. They were told the
other day by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Beaton] that it was important that the army hill
should be passed, and that it should be passed
without amendment; and next they find the Sen-
ator himself proposing an amendment to it, and an
amendment written in so much huiry as to leave
the Senator no time even to read it himself. To-
day the same amendment was brought forward in
the shape of a bill, to which he should have ob-
jected, according to the rule, but he was waiting
for the President of the Senate to put the motion
on granting leave for a second reading. He should,
he repeated, have objected if he had been aware
the motion was before the Senate; but his objcct
would now he attained by postponing the bill be-
fore the Senate and getting up the army bill.
Mr. BENTON desired the Senator "from Penn-
sylvania to state whether, if the army bill were
now to be taken up, he still adhered to the inten-
tion of offering his amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not necessary, sir, to
repeat what I have said.
Mr. BENTON. Understanding that such will
be the case, 1 must adhere to the course which will
prevent the army bill from being clogged with such
provisions. As a reason why he had brought in
this proposition as an independent bill, lie said
that the House of Representatives had refused to
fasten this land question on the army bill. He
also remarked, that while the Senator from Penn-
sylvania was able to recollect that he (Mr. B.) a
few days since was disposed to take up the army
bill, that Senator should also recollect what he had
subsequently said, that when this land bill was
disposed of, be it at whatever period of the day
or night, he should ask the Senate to take up the
army bill, and to vote upon it. He was not ob- |
noxious to any censure for postponing the army '
bill, for he stood upon the same ground now as I
he had heretofore stood upon, and upon which he !
should continue to stand, which the American peo- i
pie should see—yea, all the country should see the j
ground on which he siood. His object was not!
to bring into the army bill a subject which the j
other House had rejected, because he would not
send to that House a measure which hnd already |
been rejected m connexion with this bill in order '
to delay or defeat ir there. He would not do it. '
The Senator from Pennsylvania might foiget what ]
he (Mr. B.) had said on this subject, but he would [
repeat it, until it was known here and everywhere '
else what was the ground on which he stood in ,
relation to his army bill, whose object was to raise, j
ten regiments, and which had been passed by the |
Hous*. His object .was to avoid the delay or do- ,
feat of this measure by mixing it up with_ other j
matter—matter which the House had rejected, i
He desired not to use words about this matter,
but to act, and by acts to show what he desired to 1
do. That was the manner in which he desired to ;
proceed. And as soon as this bill was disposed ,
of, he repeated, he should ask the Senate to take :
up the army bill at whatsoever time it might be, j
whether day or ni<*ht. ;
Mr. CAMERON rose only to say, that he sup- ;
posed if the amendment proposed by the Senator;
fromMissouri should be agreed to,itwou!d have to ]
go to the other House forconcurrcnce. He should j
only say in addition, as he was up, that when the
whole world knows what tlmt Senator has been
doing, it would see what they all :had been doing
also. He was anxious to furnish tlie Government
with men and money to carry on this war, but he
must have his own way in doing it. If the Sena-
tor from Missouri was so anxious to do that, why
did he not proceed to the consideration of the army
bill? He (Mr. C.) should not be silenced by that
gentleman's loud voice nor that of any other gen-
tleman.
Mr. BENTON said the amendment alluded to,
which he had offered, appertained to this bill—it
was part of the same subject—its object was to
convert one or more of these regiments, to be raised
by this bill, into riflemen. Bin in regard to the
subject now before the Senate, he said he had two
objects which he desired to accomplish—there
were two points upon which he had fixed his mind.
The first concerned the United States. It was that
the United States should make sure of getting some
service m return for the land—make sure of getting
twelve months' scrvicc—and not give the land to
those who enlist to-day and are discharged to-
morrow. The second point concerned the soldier,
his widow and his children. These were his two
points. While he desired so to act on this bill as
to give the United States a valuable consideration,
in the shape of twelve months' service for the
quarter section of land, unless death or disability-
should prevent the service being rendered, he also
desired that the land which the soldier had earned
by his service in the field, by his blood, if killed
in the field, or what was worse, by perishing in
a hospital, should have the land secured to his
family, and that it should not go as the certificates
of the Revolution went, while the speculator ob-
tained twenty shillings in the pound and ten shil-
lings interest. I-Ie desired to guard against the
recurrcnce of such things. He also desired to
guard a<rainst what happened in relation to the
grants of land to the soldiers of the last war, which
everybody knows inured to the benefit of the
speculators, as certainly as if it had been written
in the law. There was not one soldier in one
thousand that received all the benefit designed by
that law—many of them no benefit, exeepUliefive,
ten, fifteen, or twenty dollars, which they received
from speculators, for the lands which the Govern-
ment gave to them.
He came back, however, to the point with which
he started, and to which he intended to adhere,
and which he should endeavor to detain long
enough before the Senate to have it understood.
He should woik at those two points—service of
twelve months to the United States, as a consider-
ation for the land, w hich he should then attempt to
secure to the soldier, and to keep it out of the hands
of heartless speculators. Pie desired the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to say whether lie intend-
ed to put his amendment into the array bill with
the expectation that he could force it upon the
House, after they had refused to mix up the two
subjects? Did he imagine, that if it was not put
in that bill, that it would not pass? Did he so
understand the gentleman'
Mr. CAMERON I will reply to the gentleman
dii e«.,tly.
Mr. BENTON wished the gentleman to answ er
yea or nav. He desired to know wheihoi the idea
was to go to the House that it was intended to
undertake to force that body into this measure.
This " forcing" was a thing easier talked about
than done. It was not an easy matter to force one
man by himself, much less a body of men.
Mr. CAMERON. If the gentleman \\ ill permit
me, I will save him the trouble of further remarks
on this subject. I did not intend to say that I
would " force" the House. This* explanation may
save the gentleman further trouble on that point,
and it may save, therefore, much time, as he is
anxious to get at the army bill.
Mr. SIMMONS fiad not distinctly heard the
bill read, and therefore he desired to know if it was
the same bill that was offeied yesterday by the
Senator from Missouri as an amendment to the
army bill ?
Mr. WEBSTER. Yes; the same bill.
