196
rf«E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
of government, to "Tiave prevented the "West, alone,
from asserting that right and securing that benefit.
It was acquired for great, glorious, natural, pur-
poses. It came: it came with its peculiar institu-
tion attaching to it. So was it with Florida: a .
small point of land, insular m its position, remote j
from its mother government; connected with us >
in all its relations of commerce, and all the relations j
which could exist between it and the country to j
which it was territorially connccted. It came, and !
it came for the purpose of benefiting the residents j
on its soil, as well as those who acquired it, in the t
same manner as Louisiana came, lor the mutual l
benefit of both parties. So it was in reference to j
the annexation of Texas. It had its great and ,
national features, for which it might w ell have been !
annexed to this Union; although, I grant, it was
misunderstood in saying distinctly that Oregon
was a new territory—a territory to which there
was no compromise applicable; a territory which,
lying above the line of the Missouri compromise,
would, according to the line of that compromise,
be a territory in which the South should not con-
sent that slaveiy should be introduced; and, sir,
my object in moving the amendment which I had
the honor to propose, was simply to indicate to the
country, to indicate to the North and South, a
desire''that the line of that compromise might
be applicable to any subsequent acquisition of
territory by the Government of the United States.
Now, 1 forbore to speak of the Jesuits of the war
with Mexico. 1 would not do so. I forbore to
| say whether, in my opinion, we should acquire
i territory m Mexico or not. I would not speak to
degraded by great and elevated statesmen in this |l it now if it had not been introduced m this eon-
country, by plocing it on the miserable pietext of j j nexion by the gentleman fiom Maine; and I speak
extending negru slaver)'. It was an incubus, that ,i simply to say that for one I am heated with no
weighed on it like a nightmare; yet for its superior j! lust of acquisition of territory from a foieign conn-
national advantages it came; it came with the aid ij try. But, whatever may come of this question, I
and consent of the free States of this Union; it ;j believe the point of national honor cannot be sat
came to answer all the purposes for which it could i ' " 1 1
be designed in a commercial and national relation.
Now, the question submitted to us—and it is a
question not to be winked out of sight—is, are we
to acquire other and foreign teiritory, either for the
purpose or with the consent of the people of this
Union, that it may be converted into slave territory?
Never, sir; never to the end ot time, with my aid
and with my assistance, shall that acquisition take
place. While 1 desire to see the union of Califor-
nia to these States, it must come free or not at all.
And now—I say with the gentlemen from South
Carolina [Messrs. Burt and IIheti]—now is the
time when we are to meet this question fairly, and
talk openly and boldly to each other, that there
may be no misunderstanding between us hereafter.
Gentlemen here perfectly understood, it nothing
was said or done now, slavery wou'd be sine to
advance and run over the territories which we j
might acquire. There could be no mistake about j
that fact. Suffer this time to go by, and give the !
acquiescence of silence, and the conclusion was J
foregone. *'2 silent acqnttsccnce is equal to an aj]}rm- \
ative vote in furor cf slavery; and to avoid the issue |
now is equally responsible. And while we vote !
with cheerfulness for all supplies, men and money j
to prosecute the war with the utmost vigor—and j
while all should rally for the country in this crisis— i
while there should be no holding back—at the same ;
time, we are bound to declare wc will not permit j
the institution of slavery to exist in any territory j
which may result as an incident of the war. j
Louisiana was acquired by the treaty of 3803
isfied, unless Mexico makes some repaiation to
the United States for the causes that led to the
war. I would not undertake to infringe upon the
treaty-making power by indicating in what mode
that reparation shall be made. I am willing to
leave it to that uower, and I would have been wil-
ling, but for the cause to which I adverted the |
other day when I had the honor to address the
House, to leave it to the day to provide for the
evil thereof.
Mr. HAMLIN" resumed. I confess (said he)
I somewhat misapprehended the design which the
gentleman from South Carolina had in offering the
amendment which he did. 1 do not, however,
from the explanation he has seen fit to give us,
perceive that it realiy changes the position at all
which I have taken. He now says he designed
to establish a new compromise line, not to extend
the old one. If he had designed to make a new
Missouri compromise line through to the Pacific, on
the parallel of 36° 30', it would have been a little
more direct, a little more open, if such had been
the language which set forth the amendment which
he proposed. I did myself therefore apprehend
that be designed to cover this territory as a part of
the territory belonging to the Union, by the acqui-
sition of Louisiana. Now he tells us clearly and
distinctly that his amendment was for the purpose
of extending that line, of extending it over a teiri-
tory where it did not exist befoic. The gentle-
man's amendment was rejected by a vote of thirty-
one majority, clearly settling the question, now and
forever, that we are to have no new Missouri com-
subsequently to the acquisition of that territoiy ;! promise lines, or compromises of a similar char-
there was adopted by" both branches of Congress ;j acter.
what was called the Missouri compromise. One
word in re'a'.ion to that compromise. The gentle-
man from South Carolina yesterday presented his 1
amendment, thus opening the wide field of slavery \\
to discussion. It was an amendment recognising ,j
clearly and distinctly that the line of parallel estab- ;
lished" in the Missouri compromise, extended
through to the Pacific Ocean, or that all the terri-
Sir, on that, permit me to say a single woul.
The gentleman would not allude to, would not
discuss a single proposition relating to the war
with Mexico, as it now exists; yet he would ex-
tend the compromise on that parallel of latitude to
territory which might, by a subsequent treaty, be
included as a part of this country, and which
would become a slave territory by that very com-
tory lying noith of that line was embraced within I1 promise. Now the idea of compromising—of un-
its provisions. Why, sir, the gentleman negatives ' doitakinjs in any way to compromise the question
this proposition by his own argument. The dec- j1 of dividing a territory before we know the limits
laration with which he commenced his speech was !; and boundaries of that territory—does not com-
clearly and distinctly that that territory of Oregon q mend itself to my judgment. If, for no other lea-
was acquired by the treaty of 1846. What appli- i' SOn, sir, for this, i should have voted against that
cation, and what bearing then, could the compio- 1 amendmen
misp of 1890 have upon territory whirh was se-
cured by the tieaty of 184fi? Sir, it had no more ,
connexion with it, as I have already said, than it i
had with the islands of the farther Indies. If it
was embraced in the purchase of Louisiana, the
gentleman's amendment was a work of superero-'
gafion. If it was not embraced within that pur-
chase, it was extending that line to territory that
hod no eonnevion with it.
Mr. BURT here interposed, and (Mr. H. yield- 1
ing the floor) begged leave to say that the gentle- '
man from Maine, as well as the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Thur.mav,] he thought did not do
entire justice to the resrareh and discrimination of
those on the opposite side of this question, when
I agi ee, then, sir, with the gentleman from South
Catobna, that the territory lying west of the Rooky
| Mountains is not alieeted by that compromise,
■ because in 1820, when that very compiomise was
■ effected, when it was agreed upon, we had all the
j lights to Oregon that wc now have, or that we
have had at any subsequent period. The tieaty
' of 1846 only limited and defined the boundary on
i the northern border of that territoiy; it gave us to
• the remaining: portion no additional title. It was
1 ours then; it is ours now. We have occupied it
; fiom that period of time to the piesent moment,
i My view is, and always has been, that the only
■ title we ever acquired fiom France was one by
; which Great Britain herself could be estopped.
tney intimated to the House that they were under ^ Virtually Prance had no possession there; yet __
a misappiehension as to the Missouri compromise. •; quit-claim from her was an estopment of (xreat
Why, sir. the merest tyro knows that the Mis- : Britain, through her treaties, from asserting any
souri compromise was confined to the Louisiana 1 jurisdiction there.
territory. I think, sir, if I made myself mteJIigi- But, sir, in relation to this compromise, I have
ble on any point whatever, f could not have been ' another view. When we undertake, to com.
promise this question—when any gentlemen do  
it is necessary first that we know tne limits of the
country we are to comoiomise—that we know its
geographical and topographical features; for in
making that compromise we would necessarily
he governed in fixing the line by the extent and
features of territory to be divided. I was one of
those who demanded strenuously that the spirit
of the Missouri compromise should be observed
when Texas was annexed. We were told by
gentlemen on all sides thafc the higher latitudes of
that territory would never be adapted to slave
labor; that it was a healthy, mountainous, agri-
cultural region; and in accordance with this state
of things we demanded then that the spirit of the
Missouri compromise should be obseived in that
territory; that is, an equal division made; that
we should have there an equal portion of free ter-
ritory, in which the free labor of the North should
participate. In taking into this Union a foreign
State, as the representatives of free States, we had
a right to demand those terms which should give
to the free States an equal right of participating in
the benefits of the acquisition. Sir, we were
laughed to scorn. The precedent which was es-
tablished then is my foundation. On that rock I
build, sir, and the waves, and the power, and
strength of that institution shall never prevail
against it. It is ridiculous to talk of compro-
mising this matter before we know the boundaries
of the teriitory we are to compromise. Look at
the topography and geography of that country
itself. If wc are to draw lines of compromise,
(which I by no means assent to,) we have a lesson
from the features, soil, and productions of the
country, that tells us that no rigid line east and
west is to be the one. Look at its salubrious
climate, its mildness of temperature, the kind of
products for which its soil is adapted. I have
before me Mr. Humboldt's history of New Spain,
which carries conviction that the mountainous
regions of that country are designed by nature to
be free regions, adapted to free labor. I do not
for a single moment admit that all the low coun-
try could better be cultivated by slave labor.
Granting, for the sake of the argument, that this
is the case with a portion of it, we have the fact
staring us in the face, that it is a line running
nearer north and south than east and west,
which should be the line of compromise.
But, sir, I discard at once and forever all talk
about a compromise, on any parallel of latitude
which can be named by man. To any proposi-
tion for taking territory now free, and sending
there the shackles and manacles of slavery, I never
will consent: never. No: cause the declaration
to be placed on record on your journals, that it
may be seen by those who shall come after us,
| and who shall be better, abkr, but not more wil-
j ling to carry out the doctrine- we lay down and
i promulgate. I by all means desire not to be mis-
| understood in this matter. I am viewing it upon
1 their own hypothesis, not mine. I will go for no
i compromise line of any character.
1 I now come, Mr. Speaker, directly to the ques-
| tion which I design more particularly to discuss,
I viz: What do we propose to do—and the power
! we have to do it ?
i I again repeat, because I fully subscribe to it,
! the proposition laid down by the gentleman from
! South Carolina,, that now is the time—that this is
! the identical period (although not on this identical
: bill) to discuss this matter fully and fairly.
This is my position; and I proceed to state the
| reasons which impel me to its support. It is a
i simple proposition, which we would pass offirma-
: tiveiy if we can—a proposition which shall declare
i to the world that no territory now free, or any
, territory which shall ever be acquired by subse-
! quent treaty, shall ever come into the Union as
; slave territory, or be made slave territory. We
: will never assent to it.
: Why should we say it now ? Because, if we do
! not sav it now, it will be too late hereafter. Nov/
, is the golden moment. Let it slip by, and it is
, gone; and once gone, it is gone forever. I hope
I we may be able to pass a declaratory act forever
| prohibiting slavery m any territory we may here-
! after acquire, while it remains a Territoiy, and that
j when admitted, such compact will be made as to
:j prevent slavery, after it shall have become a State
! of this Union. I know gentlemen may tell me
' on all sides that such an act will not have force
1 and validity; that Congress has not the power to
