1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (J LOBE.
197
restrict any State which may hereafter be admit-
ted. I have no fears on this subject. A de-
claratory act which Congress may pass will be
the fundamental law of that territory; and I hold
that no State coming into the Union with that
fundamental and preexisting condition spread
out before it, and assenting to it, would have
the power, subsequently, to establish the in-
stitution of slavery within its limits. Sir, the
Supreme Court of"the United States has affirmed
that doctrine clearly and distinctly, with reference
to the ordinance of 1787. Slavery was absolutely
prohibited forever by that ordinance northwest of |
the Ohio river; and the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States iiave decided that no State formed out of
that territory has the right to establish the institu-
tion of slavery within- its limits.
But suppose I am wrong in my legal position;
suppose I am not right in the ground I lay down:
I am fortified in yet another position about which
J believe there can bo no mistake, and if carried
out, all the good I desire will be accomplished.
Let us, if we have the power, (and I will examine
that question,) let us pass a declaratory law, and
we do inhibit the institution certainly while it re-
mains a Territory of the United States. We then
take it into the Union as a free State, and it is not
in the power of man to establish that institution in
a State admitted as a free State, where it has never
existed before.
If, then, I am wrong in my legal position, I
would be right in the practical results growing out
of a declaratory act of such a character. I believe
I am sustained in both my positions.
But, sir, suppose we fail; suppose we are not
able to pass that declaratory act: we give you no-
tice, fair, frank, and honorable notice, that this is
the ground on which we plant ourselves; and it is the
ground to be supported and sustained by other, by
abler and better men, who shall hereafter come
here as the representatives of the North. At the'
North, sir, there is but one public sentiment on this
subject. I do not mean to say, by this, that you
may not here and there find a case of a shacklcd
press muttering its dissent against the doctrines of
freemen; that you may not here and there find a
dough face, with fetters on his lips, uttering his
faint protest against it. But it is the doctrine of
the North; it is the doctrine she will march up to.
She will live up to it in all coming time. The
Democratic press in Maine has generally spoken in
favor of this provision. And we give you notice,
that you may not hereafter say we have taken you
by surprise; we give you notice, even if we aie
not able to carry it out now, that we shall have no
shackles upon us when we come to vote for the
admission of States to be formed out of this terri-
tory. The South has told us their position; let us
be as frank and generous as they. So far as I am
concerned, I will deal with all frankness with them
as they have with us.
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] denies to us the power of passing this
declaratory act. If I understood the gentleman's
argument—arid I believe I did, although it is some-
what fine-spun, and bordering too much on the
transcendental—it amounts to this: that the sov-
ereignty rests not in this Union, but in the people
of the several States of the Union; that the Con-
gress of the United States have not the power to
prevent the people from the South, or from any
section, from going into the territory that we may
acquire by treaty and carrying their slaves with
them. I believe such is the gentleman's position,
although I confess it requires a magnifying glass,
a microscope of stupendous power, to understand
clearly and distinctly the position the gentleman j
has taken; and in my view it is quite too fine a j
print for the public eye to read. Yet, when anal-
vzed, I believe it may be said that is his position.
The jus summi imperii, the absolute right to govern
in territories, he holds, is not in the Union, but in
the people of the States.
Now let me answer the gentleman. The gen-
tleman holds clearly and distinctly that we may
acquire foreign territory, and yet he sets up the
monstrous proposition that we have the power to
do the major, but not the minor act; that we may
acquire foreign territory, but having so acquired it
we can do nothing with it! The answers to that
position are full and to the point. They need only
to be stated, and a statement is a sufficient argu-
ment.
1st. If the General Government have the power
or sovereignty sufficient to acquire, they have the
sovereignty to take care of these territories.
2d. ff there is no sovereignty in the General I
Government, and if it is with the people, we, as
the representatives of that sovereignty, can acquire
territory by legislative enactment; we have done
so; and are we not alike the representatives of that
sovereignty, and therefore authorized to pass all
necesstivy and constitutional laws ?
3d. The gentleman holds that we cannot pass a
law prohibiting the persons of States from going
into territories—that is a sovereign act, which we
cannot exercise; that the Constitution, which au-
thorizes lis to pass all " needful rules and regula-
tions," applies only to property. Well, does he
not aiso hold that slaves are property—chattels—
not men, not persons? Our action designs only
that they shall not be chattels in the territories.
Is it not as property that he desires slaves shall be
carried there? And what is (he force of the law
we propose, except one, which says men shall not
be property ?
4ih. California and other territories to which a
declaratory hiw may apply, aie now free. By the
law of nations, then, the moment a slave treads
upon their soil he becomes free. Slavery, then,
must exist there, if at all, in violation, utter viola-
tion of law. It Ccinnot exist, cxcept by positive
enactment. A declaratory law of Congress, then,
will only affirm the law of nations, and prevent a
violation of that law.
But it is true, that in making an affirmative pro-
position, the power to enforce it should not be im-
plied, or taken as granted. The affirmative must
show the rig])t; and on this question there can be no
doubt. The Constitution itself is clear. Article
four, section three, relating to territories, and al- !
ready referred to, says; " Congress shall have j
' power to dispose of and make all needful rules j
' and regulations respecting the territory or other j
' property belonging to the United States." Here ;
is a clear and express grant of power. It covers t
the whole case, and gives full authority. There
can be no doubt about it. It affirms the power as \
strongly as language can do so. It is ciicum^cribed
by no narrow limits. The words " needful rules
and regulations" have the same force and mean-
ing as if it had been all " needful laws and regula-
tions." There is no difference in the two words.
Throughout the whole Constitution, the word rule
is used in the same sense as law. What is a law?
It is '' a rule of action prescribed by the supreme
power of the State." All we propose is, to pre-
scribe a rule or regulation which shall apply to the
territories belonging to the United States. j
The Constitution gives Congress the power to
" make rules for the government and regulation of j
the land and naval forces." Congress has done it !
by enacting laws, as we now design to do. Con- j
gress shall have power to " establish a uniform J
rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the j
subject of bankruptcies throughout the United
States." Here the word rule is synonymous with
the word law. In each case Congress has passed j
laws. The uniform rule of naturalization is the I
same throughout the United States. Congress has >
passed a law making a uniform system. Such is '
! the scope and meaning of the word rule, and it :
j leaves on my mind no doubt as to the power of j
I Congress to act. As in all other eases, it is for us i
to judge what laws are " needful"—a majority of
this body must determine that question in all cases.
But it is too late even to raise this question,
when the whole and uniform action of the Govern-
ment has been one way. This is a novel doctrine,
and as strange as novel. Why, there has not been
| a time since the adoption of the Constitution, when j
I Congress, at each session, has not exercised that
: power—the power of legislating over our Territo- !
ries. !
I Having the right, then, to say what laws we ,
will pass, and in what manner we will regulate the j
territory, I am in favor of a declaratory lav/; and j
when the occasion shall come, I shall vote with all [
cheerfulness for the bill of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. King.] That proposition was
well-timed and in season; it never can be out of
j season when pressed as a proposition distinct by
itself. I would lodge that amount of money with
the President for the purpose of a treaty. We all
understand it is not to be disguised for what pur-
pose it may be used. I will vote it, and vote it
cheerfully. I would pat it there if for nn other
reason, for the purpose of giving open, fair, gen-
erous notice to all who are interested, that they
shall not place upon us hereafter any restrictions
by implication.
One thing more. I wish to see no cordon of free
States thrown around the slave States. I disagree
with gentlemen on that point. I would not shut
up the slave population of the southern States
within certain limits. Jt is utter uselessness to
talk about their staying here on terms of equality
with the whites; I would not throw a cordon around
them to confine them where they are. I would
leave a transit open through which they may pass
into Mexico, and where they may find a govern-
ment in which they may truly participate. But I
would leave it for those who are interested to do
this, without power, force, or coersion, from any
quarter—for them to manage it in their own man-
ner, and for God in his good way and time to end
that institution, as he certainly will, as certain as
time will roll on.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON here interposed,
and inqaiied, if he understood the gentleman cor-
rectly to say, that by a ievolution in a declaratory
act of Congress against slavery, a State when ad- •
milted would bo prevented from establishing sla-
very if they saw fit5
Mr. HAMLIN. I reply that if we pass, by the
co i icu rrence of both branches of Congress, a declar-
atory law, I hold that to be the fundamental law of
the country, and that a State formed out of it would
come in, subject to its provisions and restrictions.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maine think that by act of Congress we can limit
the privileges which a State shall enjoy when ,it
comes into the Union under the Constitution ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I answer again, only for my-
self: I do. I do not know that there is a solitary
individual who agrees with me. I wish, for my-
self, to state my proposition again, so as not to be
misunderstood. It is, that if Congress should
pass a law declaring that slavery shall not exist
forever within any given territory, and a State
formed out of such territory comes into the Union
with the knowledge of, and consenting to, the ex-
isting In w, thr.y arc prevented subsequently from
establishing that institution, having, m their sov-
ereign capacity, waived that right by their own
act. The Supreme Court, as I before mentioned,
have decided that this is the case with reference to
the States admitted under the ordinance of 1787,
out of the territory northwest of the Ohio river.
That restrictions may be placed upon States which
shall be binding, after they are admitted into the
Union, I am justified in maintaining, not only by
the judicial decision to which I have adverted, but
by the precedents in various cases. No State has
been admitted without restrictions; and there are
restrictions of various kinds placed upon them all.
I will quote fiom one or two of the acts of admis-
sion; and there are various others I might cite.
The ordinance of 1787 was an agreement between
the State of Virginia and the United States, that
slavery should not exist in the territory northwest
of the Ohio, it being then a part of Virginia; and
Virginia ceding it to the United States. The peo-
ple upon that territory were not a party to the
compact; yet, by the action of Congress and by
the decision of our courts, they have been held to
its terms.
And the resolution for admitting the State of
Indiana into the Union—one of the States formed
out of the Northwestern Territory, approved 11th
December, 1816, admits Indiana on the express
ground that her people have formed " for them-
' selves a constitution and State government, which
' constitution and State government, so formed, is
* republican, and hi conformity with the principles of
' the articles of compact between the original States
' and the people and Slates in the territory northwest
' of the river Ohio; passed on the 30th day of July,
«1787."
Here was a condition passed by Congress as a
condition precedent to the admission of Indiana into
the Union, and by complying with which she could
only be admitted. Yet she was no party to the
ordinance under which the admission was made.
There is ample evidence, then, and of a most sat-
isfactory nature, to my mind, that we may admit
States with restrictions. I do not hold that the
General Government can enforce such a condition
upon a Territory. That could not ho done. But if
the people of a Territory, in their sovereign capa-
city, enter into such an agreement, it becomes
equally binding as the ordinance of 1787
