198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
The act for the admission of Iowa and Florida,
approved March 3, 1845, provides:
"Sec. 7. Jlml be it further ciiai'l.n:'. Tinit said territories
of fowa and Florida are admitted into the Union on the
express condition that they shall never mterteie wit!) the
primary disposal of the puhhe lands l>ing within them, nor
lay any tax on the same whilst remaining the propeity of
the United States."
Hero was one of the very highest rights of
sovereignty yielded by these States; and a right
yielded by every State which has been admitted
into the Union; the right of taxing property with-
in its limits, This is a right which lies at the very
foundation of government, and without the exer-
cise of which no government can exist any more
than a man can live without food. This, too, was
a condition demanded of eveiy new State which
had been admitted into the Union. This was in-
deed a surrender of one of the most vital rights of
sovereignty. There were many others of impor-
tance, relating to schools, rivers, roads, &c.; ail
recognising the power. There were bills then
pending before Congress, on the application of
some of the Slates, granting back to the States the
right, in certain cases, to tax. some of these very
lands thus excepted. The action of Congress is all
one way. To deny a State the power thas to make
a compact would be to deny her sovereignty.
But, as I before said, whether I am right or
wrong in this legal position, a law so declaring that
slavery shall not exist in our territories, answers
all my purposes; because, if the territory is kept
as free territory, and comes into the Union as a
free State, it never can be subsequently made a
slave State.
Sir, 1 do not understand the ordinance of 1767
as being any more ellective, or having any moie
binding force on the Stales north of the Ohio than
a declaratory act of this Congress, taking the
action of State and the action of Congress when
it comes into the Union as adopting that declara-
tory act. And certainly under that provision of
the ordinance of 1787 all the States northwest of j
the Ohio have come in as free Slates, recognising ;
that as their fundamental law; and if I mistake i
not, (if L do, the gentleman from Ohio before me, 1
[Mr. TtiL'itMAN,] will correct me,) the constitution
of Ohio recognises and embodies m fact that very
oulinance.
Mr. THURMAN. The constitution of Ohio
contains a prohibition against slavery, and it is by
reason of that constitution alone that slavery call
he prohibited there. We hold (hat we have, a
right,_ whenever we shall see lit, to alter our con-
stitution and establish slaveiy when \vc think
proner. B it we never did think so.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 understand the general doc-
trine.
Mr. GU?DliN~GS (Mr. II. fiuther yielding the
floor) inquired if the supreme courts of Ohio and
the United States, had not both dcelaied by official
decisions that the ordinance of 17S7 is in force in '
Ohio on this subject? Such he understood to be
the ease.
I\Er. 11 A \TI,f.\ . I understand, and have so 1
said, that the Snpieme Court of the United States
has recognised the ordinance of 1787 as the I'd 11 da-
mental law of the States m the northwest territory.
Mr. I HURMAIV (in reply to Air. Giddixgs, '
Mr. ll. yielding) said I he question was made in
the supreme court of Ohio whether the ordinance
of 1787 was not a fundamental law of the Stale
which could not be changed even by a chan-e of
the constitution. Acco,ding to his recollection of
the case, (the details of which ho stated,) the de-
cision turned upon another point, and the court
expressly waived the decision on the validity of !
the ordinance.
Mv. 1IAMLIN, (resuming) I understand that <
timt court derided the ordinance, of 1787 to be the i
xuniiciniciital Jaw of Ohio, in full force. The su- !
prcnio court of Indiana also Kay that this ordumnce <■
in flip paramount law of the land, and that no con- :
stitiuion can interfere between that paramounUaw I
and the n^hts of the people.
f'or these reasons I sbail vote on all proper oc- !
casion*? for die bill of the gentleman from New ■'
*ork. i
A few words mom, and I have done. And in ■
reference to the stale, worn-out cry of dissolution !'
of this ymon, the time was when even my nerves
were a little disturbed by jt. That time has Jon* ■
since passed, and gentlemen of timid, weak nerves ■■
are now rallying around the standard on the fice '
side of the question, who were wont to rally on b
<\ the other side. This cry of dissolution of the
■i Union has become too old to be repeated, and to
; be entitled to much weight and confidence, iterated
I and reiterated as it is on every major and minor
question. The Union cannot be dissolved. The
!l mutual interests and benefits enjoyed by the dif-
ferent sections would not pcimit it. The great
\ West was bound to the South by its commerce, and
jj could not be separated while its mighty rivers rolled
I' on to the Gulf of Mexico. The North and the
j; South, too,-were equally hound by their commerce
'[ and exchange of productions. These were all liga-
!; ments that could not be rent or dissolved. The
, talk of ir. was folly, as well as madness. These
] great ties to which he had alluded, superadded to
i the patriotic devotion of our people to our Govern-
ment, would render our Union impregnable for-
: ever. A dissolution of this great and mighty le-
■ public, erected by the wisdom of our fatheis, and
■ cemented by their blood ! And for what? Spread
it out that the public eye may gaze upon it, pro-
!' claim it that the public cars may hear it, utter it
iS from the groaning press, and thunder it from the
|! pulpit. A dissolution of the Union because wo will
j' not extend the institution of negro slavery ! Sir,
II the man who would utter that sentiment should
jj blush when it falls from his hps. Dissolve this
I j great and mischty republic for this miserable pre-
rtext! I agree with the gentleman from Indiana,
i; [Mr. Pettit] that it is not the doctrmc of the
! people of the great and patriotic South She has
h rallied, except the time when she was about to go
1 to the death for sugar—she lias rallied for this
Union. She will .stand by it when others may
dgseit it—stand by it in all coming time, and will
regret that her sons proclaimed it to the world, in /   
this nineteenth century, in this the freest country |j anecdote which he heard when a boy. A clever
on earth, that we are to dissolve this fair fabric for , j old Dutchman and his wife had spent the evening
the miserable, reason that we will not extend the :i very pleasantly together at theirfire-side, when, in
j'institution which is a curse to ail the States in J] the midst of their felicity, the good wife said:
' which it exists! 1 " T n 1 ...
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
said, in his emphatic language, " there are on this
question no traitors at the South." I hope there
will be none at the North. The significant vote
upon the gentleman's own amendment, on his new
farther, there might be some foundation for the
threats of dissolution. He did not wish to be mis-
understood, He confessed he had been staggered
as to the right of a State to do as she pleased^after
she got into the Union. But they had a right to
keep it as a territory forever, and it could not°come
in unless it complied with conditions which Con-
gress thought right and just. It was true, Congress
could not put a State out, if she established slavery
after she came in; but it would present a strano-e
state of things if that should happen He asked
if a fair compromise had not been made in the
annexation of Texas? Then it might ha\e been
very well to have made a final arrangement. But
now the South said, that as the North had gone so
far, she ought to go still farther. He did not want
a foot of territory west of the Iiio Grande. He
explained luw remark to be applicable to New
Mexico; but was favorable to the acquisition of
California, if it could be done on fair terms; and
if obtained, he was opposed to the introduction of
slavery into any pait of it. If they did have any
of it, let it not he said, at this age of the world,
that the freest government on earth was sitting
in that Hall, consulting about the extension of an
institution which all called unfortunate, and which
he was sure the South would not, acting for itself,
extend.
Mr. McDANIEL then obtained the floor. A
motion was made to adjourn, but was withdrawn
on the statement by
Mr. McDANIEL that he intended to move the
previous question; but before doing so, he would say
that the action of Congress in this debate, quarrel-
ling about what they would do f they had certain
rights, which they have not, reminded him of an
! Missouii compiomise, has shown us well united-
: a union that cannot be broken. I did not under-
! stand precisely the scope and meaning of that gen-
tleman's language. He complimented the patriot-
ism of a certain few at the North. Did he mean
to draw a geographical hne, and assert, what is
patriotism on the one side, is treason on the
■ other r
Sir, whatever may be the action and course of
northern Representatives here, the great mass of
the northern people have but one single impulse
heating in their bosoms—to stand by this Union
through good and evil report—to rally around the
blessed stars and stripes of our glorious Confed-
ciacy wherever they float—to peril their lives and
pour out their blood and treasure, if need be, in its
defence; but to the institution of slavery they say,
Thus far hast thou gone—no farther shall thou
o*0.
Mr. BOWDON followed in an elaborate argu-
ment, in support of southern rights, (of which a
report will be found in the Appendix.)
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON then proceeded to
addiess the committee. He commented by an
examination of the argument presented by the gen-
tleman ftom South Caiolina, [Mr. Riictt,] with
regard to the question of sovereignty, and contend-
ed that the Constitution gave full and ample right
to inhibit the introduction of slavery into territories
now free. He was willing to stand by the arrange-
ment of the Constitution. But he would not con-
sent to any extension of slavery. As to the threat
about dissolution of the Union, he regretted to
hear it, because there had been no adequate provo- ■
cation. When these gentlemen had gone into Ins -
State, and enacted laws, which he thought would :
be injurious, he did not talk about disunion. Pie ;
could see nothing in the subject to induce the con- I
temptation of such a result as dissolution. Feeling !
that he spoke the sentiments of his constituency, j
he said he would never go for the acquisition of a j
foot of territory where slavery would be planted. '
He had gone a great distance with those gentle- '
men, and now, when he said he would £o no
I..  1.   -/ ?•... .
'John, if we had a cow, now, you should go
milk her to-mght." "No, I wou3dn't,,JrepIied her
spouse, with an ominous shake of the head. " In-
deed you should, John," was the affectionate
rejoinder; and, finally, the husband declared that
he would never have married her, if he had
known her to be so obstinate; and the indignant
wife declared that she would never have had him
if she had thought hnn so refractory. (Laughter.)
Tins little story he thought an excellent illustra-
tion of the present position of the House on this
debate, which was altogether out of place, in
conclusion, Mr. McDaniel moved the previous
question, which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be put,
viz: Shall this bill pass?
The vote was taken by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mcssrs. Abbott, Stephen Adam?, Anrfrtson, Ar-
nold, Ashinun, Boll, Bmiton, James Black, Blanch,nd, Bow-
hn, Boyd, Bredhead, William G. Brow n, Uulfington. CairoJi,
G'atiicart. Chase, CJi pman, Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Cullom, Culver, Cunningham, Daniel, IMann, ]X- Mott,
Dillingham, Duusla^, E(i ,ill, Erdman, Edwin II. Ewing,
John II. Ewinsr, Faran, Fiekhn, Foot, Foster, fries,Garvin,
GiiMing-, GomIoii, Gudei, Gnnncil, Grover, Hale, Ilamhn.
Hampt.m, ILvrpcr, T-hwt Henl"v, Elia* B. Holmes, John
W. llou-ton, Ooreo S. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbaid, Hud-
. ^on, Hunueriord, Washington Hunt, James U. Hunt, Charles
J J. la&t isoll. Joseph R. Ingei-oll, J< nkiri% Joseph Johnson,
i Anrtiow Johnson, Goo.gf W. Jmics, Seaborn Jon s Kenne-
i uy, Dauief P. Kmc, Preston Kim?. Lawionce, LHHer.
, I^wis, "Lumpkin, IYIaolay, MeClcan, McCIeOand, MeCIer-
] naiul, McDameJ, McIIcnrv, Mellvauio, McKay, Mar-h, T?.
[ Ma)tin, Morns, Moscloy, Moniton. jVorris, Banish, Fern}],
| PheJp., Pjll.-dmry, Pollock, Ramsey, itathbun, Iteid, Ripley,
} Kifter, Julia-? Rockwell, Jnim A. RoekwcJl, Root, Rank,
i Sawyer, Seammon, Severance, Lpnnai.l H. Suns, Truman
I Smith,Thomns Smith, Caleb B. Smith. Robert Smith. Stan-
! ton, Suikwcnther, Stewait, St)ohm, Svkes, Ben]. Tliomp-
! son, James Thomp^n, Jacob Thomp.-on, Tihbatf?, Tiki en,
nmobo, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Whcaton, White,
Wick. William--, Wilniot, Wintluop, Wood, Woodvvorth,
Younji, and Yost—133.
I NAYS—Messrs. Baylv, Bcdin^er, Rowdon, Broeken-
bious;h, Rurt. William W. Campbell, John G. Chapman,
; Reuben Chapman, Cottrel!. Crozicr, Garrett Davis, Dock-
, ery, Graham, Ilannan.so.i.' Ililhatd, I.-.iac E. Holme-', Ed-
i nuiiid W, Huhard, 'J'homas Butlei Kin?, Eoakf, La vSere,
Eon2:, JaiiK^ McDowell, Pavno, Pendleton, Perry, Rhett4
Semnan, Scddon, Sim})^on, Stephens, Thibodaux, Toonib.-,
Town.-', Tredway, and Woochvard—'35.
So the bill was passed, and sent to the Senate
for concurrence.
Mr. "BOYD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the hill passed.
1, 1' ,? • • !■ 1 ■  • '■ ^llc previous question was moved, seconded,
£ tlm, he spoke the omnions of his constituents. i| nn,i the main question ordered to be put, Will the
the people of Pennsylvania had been a sort of |i Houf!e rcconsider the vote?
flin f"1 011i northern frontier, and if they should -j ^nd the question being put, it was decided in
flinch and 50 for extending slavery farther and ll the negative.
