1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
So the House refused to reconsider.
The  SPEAKE£l laid before the House several
communications, as follows, which were laid upon
the table and ordered to be printed:
I. A communication from the President of the !
United States, transmitting, in compliance with the j
act of March 3ds 1329, the annua! report of the i
Inspectors of the Penitentiary of the District of
Columbia.
If. A communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting the names of the clerks and ;
other persons employed in all branches of the War j
Department, other than officers of the army, du-
ring the year 18-16.
III. A communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a statement from the Bureau of
Ordnance, showing the expenditures on account of
the national armories, and the, number of arms
manufactured thereat during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1846.
IV. A communication from the Secretiny of'
War, transmitting a report and statement from the '
Adjutant General of the army, m compliance with \
a resolution of the House of the 2d instant. The !
statement shows the amount of volunteer foieo !
mustered into the service of the United States j
under theactof May 1*3, 2846; the number killed in >
battle; number died of wounds; the number died •
s of disease and other camcs; number discharged, i
&e.,sofar as can be ascertained from the rolls ■
and returns received at the Adjutant General's
office.
V". A letter from the Treasurer of the United
States, transmitting copies of accounts of receipts
and disbursements for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending .Tune 30, 1846.
VI. A communication fiom the Postmaster Gen-
eral, transmitting estimates for appropriations for
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year com-
mencing' July 1, 1847.
"VII. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasmy, transmitting a report from the Register
of the Treasury, in answer to the resolution of the
House, of the measures adopted to procure and
preserve correct information as to the amount, ex-
tent, and nature of the coasting and internal trade j
of the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. STEWART. The petition of John D. D. Itossct,
of Vuguiin, priiyiru? indemnification for losses by Fiencli
spoliations pnoi to 1800.
By Mr. SCAMMON: The petition ofGeor/r<> Lord and
thirty-one other®, citizens of Kennebunk and Kennebunk-
pomt, Maine, against the lepeal of tlie act of March 2, 1837,
concerning pilots.
By Mr. BELL; The petition of Ambrose S. Brnmlrtto,
praying a pension for the revoJutionaiy services of Thomas
Elliott.
ByMr. CHAPMAN, of Maryland : The memoiial of Mrs.
Mary D. Adam, in behalf of James, Kohert, William, and
Samuel Puiiiap, of South Carolina, lu-jra of John DutiUp,
of the hou&e ot Dunlnp &. Irwin, for indemnity foi Fifiu.-h
spoliations pn-oi to 1800.
ByMr. MeCLELLAND : Tlie claim of Conrad Ten Eyek,
foi sijrvicesj disbursement-*. Sec., as muishal of the district
05 Michigan. Also, the petition of Samuel LaMev. G'eorjre
La-ley, and William Johnson, for remission of ceitaiu
judgments and costs.
By Mr. EEAKE : The petition of the Faculty of the Um-
v^r-ity of Virginia, paying that philosophical appaiatu-s,
books, map?-, and chart*, imported by the oider and for the
use of semniaiies of learning, and societies for htciary and
scientific purposes, maj be exempted from duty.
By Mr. DELANO: The lemonstrance of thirty members
of the Ohio bar, agauift dividing that State into two federal
judicial diHnets. AIho, the resolutions of the General As-
sembly of &aid State, passed Fubruarv *26, 1846, and the
remonstiance of thirt\-seven membeis of the present Gt-n-
eral A>semblv, ag-m^t such division.
ByMr. JOHN A ROCKWELL* The petition of 41 ^hip-
masters, 104 ship-owners, and 66 other citizens of New Lon-
don, Connecticut, icmon-nating against the repeal ot Un-
laws in relation to pilots, pa-sc<l in lt*37.
ByMr NORRIri: The petition of Mr. J. M. Caswell and
otheis, lepresenting that the ptesent svstem of fishing boun-
ties j* unequal and oppie^sivo to certain classes engaged in
the lHieiies, and pravmg eithei a change ot bounty hom
the tonnage of vessels to the numbei of quintals of fish
taken, or to the quantity of salt Used, or to abolish the
bomitv altogether.
ByMr. LEWIS - Sundry affidavits in support of the peti-
tion of John Russell for an invalid pension. Also, a petition
from sundry shippers, shipmaster, and seamen, for a light-
house at C*ttaraueu> Ilaibor.
By Mr. SCHENOK : The petition of Jacob Harsh man, of
Montgomery county, Ohio, praying for an act to authorize
the issuing "to him of scrip for live hundred acres of laud m
hen of Viigima mihtaiy land wan ant No. 8,696, for that
quantity. Al*o, the m-'moiiai of E. D. MncMaster, Presi-
dent ot the Miami University m Ohio, praying for a modifi-
cation of the tariff of 1846, t-o as to admit the importation
of liooks and apparatus for public literary and scientific in-
stitutions free of duty, as under the tariff "of 1812.
By Mr. PILLSBURY. The memoiial of S. H. Walker,
on the subject of arming and equipping the first rifle-regi-
ment.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of P. Choteau, jr., & Co.,
pra\ingthat the amount of a diaft drawn by the * Shawnee
Indians on the Commissioner of Indian Affairs may he paid
them out of the fund belonging to said tribe of Indians.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The memormN of the Mayor,
Council, and citizen* ot Fredericksburg, Virginia, praying
that that place, may be made a port of entry, and a custom-
house established theie.
By Mr. BAItllFNGER: The petition of John Bennett, of
Cleveland county, North Caiohna, asking a pan«ion for ser-
vices in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of Eve Oury, for a pen-
sion.
Bv Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN : Two memorials from the heirs
of Fielder Dorsett, of MarjJand, for indemnify for French
■spoliations.
Bv Mr. MARTIN,of Wieicmi«m : The pet-tion of citizens ;
of Dodge county, Wisconsin, for a nnil louto fiom Oak j
(Jiovo to Wanpun.
By Mr. JACOB THOMPSON . The petition of the heir* |
and represent,utves of l-Vnhnand Hopkins, deleaved, pia\- :
mg tor iemnn°r.Uion for revohmonaiy service^, moneys
advanced foi Government, and depredations commuted
dtiimg the revolutiomu v war. AUo.the jvtition oi William
II. Ma«on. Jann's MeMuihn, and othei-s, for a mail louto
from Delta, Coahoma county, Mississippi, to Panola, m the
came Si tile
Bv Mr MORSE • The petition of James Ci uteSiett, prav-
ingCongre-s to examine and ivpoit upon the propnety of
lighting the C'ipitol with -o!,ir gas.
Bv Mr. WM. W. CAMPBELL : Six several momonnls o
inhabitant* of the euy of New York, asking that an inquiry
be made by Congress relative to the discontinuance of the
branch post office 111 siid eitv.
By Mr. SEVERANCE : The petition of Isaac Rogers and
twentv-four other inhabitants of Faimirigton, in Ihe Statc of
Maine, for pea^e with Mexico.
Bv Mr. PETIIULL ■ The petition fiom citizens of Ohio,
praving for the reduction of the price of the public lands.
By Mi.GORDON: The petition of Jchiel Tuttlc.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 18, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that he
had appointed Mr. Cass to be a recent of the
Smithsonian Institution, in the place of Mr. Pen-
nybackfiii, deceased.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a list of names of the clerks and other
persons employed in the different branches of the
Department of War, other than officers of the army,
during the year 1846.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by its Clerk, informing the Senate that
said House had passed a bill entitled "An act to
establish a Territorial Government in Oregon."
Said bill having bad its first and second reading,
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PETITIONS.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of
George W. Edsjcrlcy, praying remuneration for
clothing lost by his father by the destruction of
the United States ship Adams; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. D1X presented a memoiial fiom citizcns of
New York, praying that a poition of public land
may be appropriated to aid in the construction of
a railroad from LakcMtchigan to the Pacific Occnn;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, three memorials, praying the reestablish-
rnent of the branch post office in the city of New
York; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the adoption of mc-asuies to bring the war with
Mexico to a speedy close; -which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CORWIN presented the petition of citizens
of Dayton, Ohio, praying a grant of land fo aid m
the construction of a railroad from Lnko Michigan
to the Pacific Ocean; which was reieired to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of citizens of Columbiana coun-
ty, in the same State, praying a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Cleve-
land, Ohio, to Wellsviile, in Virginia; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEVIER presented the memorial of the Le-
gislature of Arkansas, praying for the establishment
11 of a mail route from Little Rock to Jackson, Mis-
j souri: which was referred to the Committee on the
!j Post Office and Post Roads.
lj Also, a memorial of the same Legislature, pray-
h ing for an appropriation to complete the removal
11 of the Red River raft; which was referred to the
ij Committee on Commerce.
I' Also, a memoiial of the same Legislature, pray-
| ing the payment of a company of volunteers from
I Seaicy county, in that Slate, for loss of time and
I expenses; which was referred to the Committeeon
i Miiitai y Affairs.
i Also, a i evolution of the same Legislature, pray-
; in«; the establishment of a mail route from Gaines-
I ville to Charles Hatcher's office on Elevenpoint
| river; which was referred to the Committeeon the
| Post Office and Post Roads.
; Also, a resolution of the same Legislature, in-
structing the Senators and Representatives of that
Stafe to vote against the appropriation of money
or the public land for the payment of claims for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to he printed.
On motion by Mr. DIX, the Vice President was
authorized to appoint a member of the Committee
on Commerce, in the place of Mr. Pennybacker,
defeased.
! Mr. Breesk was appointed,
i PRIVATE BILLS,
i Mr. CAMERON, fiom the Committee on Naval
| Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Captain
[ Jesse L). Elliott; which was read, and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. C., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition of 'Hans Nelson.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a biil for the relief of Thomas
Talbot and others; which was road, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of James
Mcintosh; which was read, and passed to the
second reading:.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for ihcielicf ofGcorgc Roush;
which was read, and parsed to the second reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the
following resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to the Senate—
First, whether any funds of the Government,
and (ifany) what amount, have been iemitted from
the Atlantic States to New Orleans, or to the dis-
bursing officers of the American army in Mexico,
since the first September last, and, if remitted, in
what funds remitted—whether in gold and silver
coin, treasury notes, bank notes, or bank checks;
and if in whole or in part remitted in gold and sil-
ver, what has been the expense to the Government
of each of such remittances.
Second, that he also report to the Senate whether,
in his opinion, the act of 1846, entitled "An act to
provide for the better regulation of the treasury, and
for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bureemcntof the public money/' is notcalculated to
prevent or embarrass the Government in negotiating
such a loan as will be required to carry on the ex-
isting war with Mexico; and whether it would
not be to the interest of the United States to repeal
such law, or to suspend its operation until the fur-
ther order of Congress.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Woodbridge, was considered and agreed
; to:
;j Resolved, That the Smetary of War report to
i[ the Senate what means of communication exist,
i, during the winter months, between Fort Brady, at
the Sault do Sic. Marie, and Fort. Wilkins upon
!, Lake Supeiior, in the State of Michigan; and his
I: opinion concerning the necessity and expediency
I of opening a communication by land between said
forts, and also (so far as may be) between them
j and the military posts at Michdimackinac and on
!r the lower peninsula of Michigan; together with
j| an estimate of the expense of opening such over-
[' land communications.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OREGON.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
committee of the whole, the bill reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, to create the office of
