1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
desired to get such small spots, asked the General
Land Office, a few months ago, to survey them
and offer them for sale, but they stated to him the
obstacles in the way, and he was satisfied the refu-
sal was correct. Why do the United States desire
to keep these lands ? Put them in the position that
his colleague's amendment proposed, and the set-
tlers would in some cases, as they could afford to
do so at the reduced price, pay for the surveys of
small tracts themselves. Without this amendment,
he did not conceive this law would be of any essen-
tial benefit to the people of his own State. Do the
United States intend to keep these lands always?
There were several hundred thousand acres in West
Florida alone that he would not take as a gift, of
which, however, if this amendment passed, some
hundred acres, perhaps two or three thousand, in
small tracts, could be sold to citizens of Florida
who rai&e stock, using the surrounding- barrens as
a range while they settled on the small spots that
could be cultivated. He hoped the amendment
would be adopted.
Mr. DAYTON said he should vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Florida. It might
seem of but little importance, and yet if they would
view it as the introduction of a new element into
the land system, it would become an amendment
of great importance. It made something else than
the length of time the lands had been in the mar-
ket, a test to detei mine its value; and he asked the
Senator from Florida if these pine barren lands
were to bo thus considered as entitled to exemp-
tion, on what principle he would except swamp
lands? They had heard of the swamp lands of
Flouda, which were the letreat of the Seminoles;
and swamps were as important an element to in-
troduce into this bill as the poverty of the pine
barrens. The moment this was introduced as an
element into the system, where would the Senator
stop? Grant this exemption, and other Senators
would require exemptions for lands in their States,
and it would lead to endless confusion, the result
of which there was no foreseeing. He knew not
much of the value of pine barrens, but in his re-
gion of country, some of them have a price; and
so they have in North Carolina, so modestly re-
ferred to by the Senator from that State, [Mr.
Badger,] for they produce pitch, tar, and turpen-
tine. There were manifold other reasons why this
amendment should not be incorporated in a gen-
eral land system, v*ith which he would not now
trouble the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN said if he could believe that
this amendment could be adopted without other
discriminations, he would vote for it: but he con-
curred entirely in the views of the Senator from
New Jersey, that a discrimination in one case
would lead to endless confusion. Under these im-
pressions, he should vote against the amendment.
The question was then put on the amendment,
and it was negatived.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the question recurred on its engrossment for a
third reading.
Mr. SPEIGHT, on that question, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. H. JOHNSON moved that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed till to-morrow,
as the Senate had another subject of very great
importance to engage its attention.
Mr. SEVIER favored the postponement.
Mr. BREESE also assented, in order that the
Senate might be full.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, if it were to be post-
poned, he hoped it would be for several days. They
ought to know how much public land there was in
the market, and where it was situated—in what
States or Territories. They ought to know what
was the experience of the past in relation to the
sales of public lands; they should have evidence
that this land was unsaleable; and he wanted to
know how much would be subject to immediate
graduation, and how much would fall into the mar-
ket under its operation at different periods. All
this they ought to know; and he should avail him-
self of an opportunity to-morrow to offer a resolu-
tion calling for adequate information. He would,
therefore, move a postponement to Monday next.
Mr. SEVIER, would like to have an earlier day
fixed. The information which was required was
already in their possession; it was furnished last
year, and they had also had, subsequently, a re-
port giving all the details.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was aware they had had
partial returns, but not such general returns as he
desired.
Mr. BREESE said all the facts were on their
tables, furnished to them in the report of the Com-
missioner of the Land Office.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, I want time to
examine them.
Mr. BREESE. I will give the Senator all the
information he desires to-morrow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Oh, but I want to exam-
ine it for myself.
Mr. SEVIER would propose Thursday next as
a compromise.
Mr. CRITTENDEN still thought they should
say Monday.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the postponement would
not be for a long period. It wag necessary, in the
first place, to allow sufficient time to get informa-
tion; and next, it was important that they should
have a full Senate, so that whatever vote they
might have should be a full expression of the Sen-
ate. It therefore appeared to him that the clay
named by the Senator from Arkansas would an-
swer every purpose. With that impression, he
should vote against the postponement till Monday,
but he should vote cheerfully for Thursday.
Mr. SEVIER consented to name Friday.
The motion to postpone to Monday was agreed
to—21 votes m the atliimative, and 20 in the nega-
tive.
So the bill was postponed to Monday next.
On the motion of Mr. D1X, the Senate went into
executive session; and, after a short time spent
therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 18, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the business first
in order, the bill to increase the pay of the non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, of
the army of the United States, and of the militia
and volunteers in the service of the sai le, and
allowing them bounty land in ceitain cases.
Mr. LA SERE, on leave, moved the following
resolution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into and report upon the ne-
cessity of erecting light-houses at the following
points on the coasts of Mississippi and Louisiana,
viz: one on Merrill's Shell Bank, south of Pass
Christian and west of Cat Island; one on the main
land near the town of Biloxi; one at the mouth of
Bayou Grand Sable, due north of the pier or land-
ing for Mississippi city; one on the west end of
Ship Island; one on Horn Island; one at the mouth
of the Bon Fouca river; and one at the south Chan-
deleur Island.
Mr. SAWTELLE asked leave of the House to
submit a resolution fixing the hour to which the
House shall stand adjourned from day to day at
eleven o'clock, a. m., until otherwise ordered; but
before any question was taken on the same—
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and said it was
not his intention in rising to object to the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Maine, but, as this was
a day set apart by the rules of the House for the
introduction of resolutions, to move to postpone
the special order, so that the States might be called
on order for resolutions.
The vote to postpone the special order was taken
by yeas and nays, and decided m the negative.
INCREASE OF PAY TO THE ARMY, ETC.
On motion of Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McClel-
laxd in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the bill to increase the pay of the non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,
and the militia and volunteers, in the service of the
United States, and allowing them bounty land in
certain cases.
The bill was read through by the Clerk for in-
formation, and then by sections for amendment.
The first section being read—
Mr. COCKE moved to strike out the word
" two" and insert " three," so as to increase the
pay three dollars per month. This amendment
was agreed to.
The second section was then read.
Mr. BOYD moved to amend it by striking out
the words " until he is honorably discharged,,s
and insert "who h$s received an honorable dis-
charge."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON" moved to amend
the amendment, so that it should read, 44 shall
serve out his time, and be entitled to a regular dis-
charge."
Mr. POLLOCK opposed this amendment in the
most decided manner. He thought the bill was
right as it now stood, but the amendment would
he productive of total uncertainty. Who was to
be the judge whether the soldier was entitled
to his discharge or not? The proper person to
decide that point was the officer under whom he
had served. If he was entitled to be discharged,
no doubt the officer would give him his discharge.
Certainly it never would do to send to the officer
of the land office to settle that point. How could
he tell whether the man was entitled to an honor-
able discharge or not? The result, in practice,
would be, that the meritorious man would often be
deprived of his land bounty, while the least de-
serving would succeed and get it.
Mr. GORDON also contended that the bill had
fetter remain as it was.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON further modified his
amendment, so as to read " who should then be
honorably discharged, or may have been sooner
honorably discharged."
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON suggested that the
addition of just two words would obviate all the
difficulty. Put in " who served" before the words
until," &c.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, said that the amend-
ment presented a case that ought certainly to b.e
provided for by law. The amendment would pro-
vide for two cases: the one when the man should
have served for three months, though he enlisted
for six, and the other where he was prevented from
serving by having been taken sick. Surely, after
a man had patriotically volunteered, abandoned
home and friends, and gone to a foreign country
to encounter danger and death, yet there, instead
of meeting the enemy and having an opportunity
to show his fidelity to the honor of his country
and earning some reputation for himself, was taken
down by the fever of the camp, or some fatal dis-
ease incident to the climate, and might be dis-
charged, honorably, on the ground of disability,
he was as fairly entitled to the bounty in the bill
as he who had escaped sickness, and was able to
serve out his three months, or who fell in battle.
This amendment embraced both cases, and Mr. E.
considered them as m all respects equally merito-
rious.
Mr. GORDON said he presumed that the strong-
est advocate of the existing war would not contend
that it was more meritorious than the previous wars
in which the country had been engaged; and was
there any war in which we had been involved whete
the soldier got a land warrant for serving less than
three months? This bill gave it to the man who
should have served that time, and if was the short-
est pciiod to be found on the statute book. The
effect of the amendment would be to give a farm
of one hundred and sixty acres of land to a man
who might not have actually served more than a
single day. He might be discharged in consequence
of falling below the army stature, or for some other
bodily defect which implied no disgrace, and he
would in that case get an honorable discharge—
ought he to receive one hundred and sixty acres of
land for offering himself to serve ? The law said
that the reward was for service; and if he had not
actually served he was not entitled to it. The
country gave one hundred and sixty acres of land,
not as a reward for patriotic intentions, but for
actual service rendered.
Mr. BOYD opposed the amendment as giving
all the rewards of service to the man who might
have been in the field but a single day. The bill
required of him three things—first, that he should
have volunteered to serve six months; second, that
he should have served three months; and, third,
that he should have obtained an honorable dis-
charge. Could any country be asked to go beyond
that? He thought the bill very liberal m its pro-
visions, and that the House had better stop where
it now drew the line.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, was in favor of a lib-
eral policy toward our volunteers; it would have
the tendency more rapidly to fill up the ranks of
our army. For his part, he considered die dona-
