204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
pared to vote for it; and while it would be certainly
and obviously better for the Government and for
the credit of the country, he believed it would be
better for the soldier himself. If the amendments
proposed should be adopted, the result would be a
greater and more widespread scene of speculation
than the country had ever witnessed before. He
thought, however, it would be better to pass a law
giving stock certificates, bearing an interest of six
per cent., for the same amount as the soldier could
get for his land warrant. It would be just as well
for the soldier, for in neither case would he him-
self settle the land. The scrip would almost all go
to speculators.
Mr. BOYD asked what was to prevent the same
sort of speculation in stock?
Mr. VINTON replied, it would be prevented by
the fact that the certificate of stock would be just
as good as a bank bill; and who ever heard of a ,
person's selling a good bank note for less than its
amount? Mr. V/said that if the House would
consent to that plan, it'would, in the first place,
save the land revenue; secondly, it would save us
a million of dollars; thirdly, it would maintain the
public credit.
As to the amendment pioposed by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] restricting the sale of
the scrip, if it was the same as that which had
been offered in the Senate, it made the warrants
not assignable at all before, the patent issued, nor
for five years afterwards; and then it went on to
designate in detail the rules of evidence, &c., in the
transfer. On this, Mr. V. said that, in his opinion,
the House had no power to impose such a restric-
tion. it had no authority to designate what should
be the course pursued on the transfer, or what
should be the tenure of it. If the land must be
located in a Territory, then indeed Congress might
do it; but not as to land in any of the States.
There, the moment Government parted with the i
title, the land must follow the State laws of trans-
fer and descent, and the State laws of evidence
must govern in all cases. In respect to Govern-
ment land within any of the States, the General
Government had parted with the right of jurisdic-
tion to the State authority: all it retained was the
right of soil; when this passed to the soldier, the
relation of the General Government to the laud
ceased—it was at an end. The State courts must
settle all questions respecting it according to State
laws. If, indeed, the State Legislature chose to
acquiesce in restrictions imposed by Congiess, it
was all very well; but if they determined other- (
wise, all legislation on the part of the House would r
be of no effect. '
Mr. BUIIT suggested the inquiry whether, if i
the Government prescribed the conditions on which j
the land should be held before any patent was is- ,
sued, when the patent did issue those conditions !
could not be imposed upon the patentee, he assent- :
ing? To be sure, the land could not be made fuiever !
inalienable; but could not a just law become bind- .
ing upon him ? i
Mr. VINTON" replied that the General Gov- |
ernment having surrendered both right of juris-
diction and right of soil, the land became neces- .
sarily subject to the local jurisdiction of the State, j
and all piovisioris and conditions contrary to that ;
would be necessarily void. Suppose Congress '
should declare that land should go to a man's '
widow instead of his heiis: if the State law di- ,
lected a different course of descent, the land must i
follow the State law. j
Mr. McCLERNAND asked how, under a con- !
tract between the new States and the General j
Government, the Government could prevent the 1
State from selling the land for taxes?
Mr. VINTON said he had been just going to
put that same question. No Government restric-
tion would go for anything. A question would
be raised whether the title under the scrip would
be good: the speculators would avail themselves
of this to depreciate the value of it m the hands of
the poor soldier, get his scrip for a song, and then i
come here and get a remedial law, and put the ■
difference in their pockets. Lie knew that, on the
face of the bill, these restrictions looked as if they ,
would be very beneficial to the soldier; but on
that subject history was the best test of truth. :
The bounty law of 1812 had been carefully ;
guarded, and yet the soldiers sold ail their scrip, i
The transfer, to be sure, was declared to be null, |
and the speculators took the scrip under that risk,
and hence got it for far below par—in some cases :
as low as twenty dollars, then they came to Con-
gress and got all the restrictions removed, and sold
the land for its full value. That would be just the
course of things again. Therefore Mr. V. was
opposed to imposing restrictions of any sort. Let
the soldier get for his warrant all he could. Sell
it he would. Restrictions all amounted to noth-
ing, because Congress never could be got to hold
on to them. The land brokers knew that per-
fectly, and they got the land, in the mean while,
for next to nothing. Thus the soldier lost, the
Government lost, and nobody gained but the spec-
ulator.
For these reasons, Mr. V. was in favor of leav-
ing the warrants without restriction, and for con-
fining them to a specific district of land, or else for
the issue of stock. It was true, that if these war-
rants were to be located in a limited district, the
warrants would sink in price; and if the bill was
left as it stood, the price would be better. But
then they would dry up the land revenue and pre-
vent our getting a loan.
Mr. V. regarded the bill as imperfect; yet, if no
amendments were put upon it, it would receive his
vote. He hoped, however, the whole subject would
be thoroughly examined; and that, if possible, this
bill would be put in such a shape that, while its
provisions were acceptable to the soldier, it should
not become the means of drying up the land rev-
enue of the Government, and operating injunously
on the national credit.
Mr. CUMMINS went at large into a speech,
which occupied nearly his allotted hour, in expla-
nation of the substitute he had proposed to the
bill, and in reply to Mr. Vinton on certain points
of his argument, in which Mr. C. differed from
him.
Mr. BELL obtained the floor, and has it for to-
morrow.
The committee rose, and the Chairman reported
progiess.
Mr. HUNGERFORD gave notice, that at an
early day he would ask leave to introduce a bill
to provide for the depoaite of all moneys received
from customs and the public lands into the treas-
ury, and for the payment of all persons engaged
in collecting the same from the treasury, and for
other purposes.
Mr. BROCKENBROTJGH asked leave to offer
an amendment which he intended to propose, when
in order, to the bill to authorize the issue of treas-
ury notes, a loan, and for other purposes. It was
objected to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 19,18-17.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, con-
taining a report from the Secretary of War, in reply
to a resolution of the Senate, exhibiting the appro-
priations made for the construction and the repair
of roads, fortifications, and harbois, and for the
improvement of rivers; which was laid on the ta-
ble.
Also, a communication from the same depart-
ment, containing a report of the contracts made by
the Secretary ol War during the year 1846, which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from the
citizens of Ciuuleston, South Carolina, asking that
buoys may be placed at Santa Fe river and a light
at Bull's bay, and other lights in the harbor of
Charleston; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON presented a petition
from T. P. Gordon, asking compensation for com-
piling the revenue laws of the United States by
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a petition from Su-
san Coody, and other Cherokee Indians, asking to
be indemnified for property destroyed by the Uni-
ted States troops; which wasiefeired to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of New Jersey, asking that measures may be
adopted to obtain a speedy peace with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from
the General Assembly of the State of Missouri, on
the subject of post roads; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented additional documents in
relation to the claim of Israel Canfield; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. D1X presented a memorial from Edward
Martin and others, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to the
select committee on that subject.
Mr. CORWIN presented a memorial from the
Society of Friends, of Indiana, asking that meas-
ures may be adopted for a speedy peace with Mex-
ico.
On motion of Mr. CORWIN, the memorial was
read, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations; and a motion to print the memorial was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial from citizens
of Ohio, asking for a grant of land to the Zanes-
ville and Maysville Turnpike Company, to aid in
completing that road; which was referred to the
I Committee on Public Lands,
j Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill making further appro-
priations to bring the existing war with Mexico to
a close; which was read a first time.
The bill makes an appropriation of three millions'
of dollars, for the purpose of discharging any ex-
traordinary expenses which may be incurred in
bringing the war to a conclusion; to be applied
under the direction of the President, who shall
cause an account of the expenditure thereof to be
laid before Congress.
Mr. S. gave "notice that he should call up the
bill for consideration at an early day.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill in addition to the
several resolves, ordinances, and acts of Congress,
providing for, or relative to, the grant of bounty
lands to the officers and soldiers of the Revolution
upon the continental establishment; which wns
read a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Peter Engles,
senior; which was read a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill to grant to the State of
Louisiana certain lands for internal improvement,
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. R. JOHNSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Joseph Nourse, deceased; which
was read a first time.
Mr. MOREI-1EAD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of Joseph F. Caldwell; which was read a
first time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution autho-
rizing the purchase of additional land for the use
of the United States armory at Harper's Ferry;
which was read a first time.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, made an unfavoiable report on the claim
of William M. Blackford, late charge to New Gren-
ada.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, made an unfavorable report on the petition of
Ross Winans.
Mr. RUSK, on leave, mtrodccd a bill to estab-
lish additional post routes m Texas; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the Vice Presi-
dent was instructed to communicate to the Gov-
ernor of Virginia the death of Mr. Penmtbackbr.
MILITARY BILL AND BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill from the
House to raise for a limited period an additional
military force, with instructions to bring in an
amendment granting one hundred and sixty acres
of land to the officers of the volunteer corps, and
the non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, serving or to serve in the army employed in
Mexico, reported the following amendment:
"That to §ach non-eomimbMomul officer, musician, and
piivsite of the regulars, volunteers, and militia, who hasen-
gasred or shall enjrage to ?«ervc for twelve months or during
the war with Mexico, and who shall actually serve for the
term of one year, if the war tshall so long, unless kilted or
dying in service, or discharged for disability incurred in the
