206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
for he had taken no more notice of his child than
if it was a bastard. He had neglected, deserted it;
and then the Senator from Georgia had taken up
the castaway, and pressed it to his bosom and
nourished it.
Mr. B. had hoped that the delay of this bill was
over. He had brought in the amendment, be-
lieving that it embraced those points which the
Senate had decided on. The bounty was well se-
cured; the views of the Seriate, as far as he could
see, were fairly carried out, and he was in hopes
there would be no more delay. Now the whole
case was again thrown open. If the Senator from
Georgia gets the volunteer officers included, he
would urge the claim of the regular officers; and
however moderately the war with Mexico might
go on, he would go in for a long and moderate
debate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that the amendment,
as repoited by the committee, did not altogether
accord with his views, nor did lie believe it was
the best that might be adopted on this subject.
There was a very great diversity of opinion in the
committee, as well as in the Senate itself. The
exception now taken was, that the committee had
neglectcd the instructions which were given to
them, by omitting to include m the list of those to
whom bounty lands should be given the officers of
volunteer companies. For himself, he could only
say that other questions were of so much more
interest and importance that he did not really
know that they had received such instructions.
Tins he frankly acknowledged, and he confessed
that he was himself satisfied on this point that it
wjs not necessary that we should stimulate our
countrymen by bounties to the extent that this
proposition would go. Officeiswere rewarded by
honors, by brevets; they stood in a position to
acquire and receive honors, and did not look for
anything beyond. He did not think, therefore, it
was necessary they should be included. In iegaid
to the restraints upon alienation, theie was a diver-
sity of opinion; he himself prefer*ed the granting
of sciip m place of granting the land itself. So
far as these restraints upon alienation were con-
cerned, they diminished the value of the gift, and
Jt was Ins preference to give something more easily
convertible into money.
Mr. BADGE LI said it seemed proper that he
should give some explanation—being a member of
the Military Committee—of the fact that the amend-
ment reported to the Senate did not correspond
with the instructions given to the committee. He
was not in the situation of the chairman of the
committee, of not knowing that .such instructions
had been given. He was aware of the fact,
although he did not look at the instiuctions after
the subject was referred to the committee, because
he thought he understood precisely the duties which
had been assigned to them. He was absent, too,
from one of the meetings of the committee, but
knowing that instructions had been given, and the
details being left to the chairman ot the committee,
he supposed they would be made to conform to the
instructions. The great question before the com-
mittee was, in the first place, whether these dona-
tions of land should be lendeied inalienable at all;
if inalienable, in what mode, and for what length
of time. He was now, as when he intimated his
opinion on the subject the other day, very clearly
of opinion that every restraint on the power of
alienation over the land which was given to the
soldier was an injury, and not a benefit. It clearly
lessened its value, if he were unable to dispose of
it. He had always been of opinion, that so far
from this inalienability preventing the interest of
the soldier from sutfuiing from the operations of
those speculators, it would only have the effect of
making Imn the victim to kuger exactions, to an-
swei the cupidity and to guard against the risks
incurred by those who purchased. But the ma-
jority of the committee, being of the opinion that
some restraints upon the power of alienation were
necessary* they all agreed that the form proposed
by this bill was better than any other. He was in
favor of conferring this bounty upon the officers of
the volunteer corps, and he would vote, therefore,
for the amendment of the Senator from Georgia;
and he would also vote for including the officers of
the regulcr army, if it were thought necessary that
they should be added, though he did not himself
thmk that there was the same necessity for making
such provision for them.
The volunteer officers were called from their
homes and their business to give their time to the
public service. They did not mean to become
piofessional soldiers. In many sections of the
country companies have been raised by active,
spirited young men, whose influence had filled up
the ranks; and it was evident, in several material
respects, that the volunteer officers stood on a dif-
ferent footing than the officers of the regular army.
As had already been said by the Senator from
Kentucky, the officers of the regular army were
honored with brevets; they receive eminence in the
military service—which were not extended to the
volunteer officers; and hence it was not necessary to
give them this land bounty. The volunteer officer,
on returning to his home at the end of the war,
ceased to be an officer; they had not before them a
long perspective of honorary advancement, which
belonged to the Government officers who devote
their lives to the public service. Give this land
bounty to officers of the regular army, and it would
not be suitable to their circumstances on the terms
nowproposed. Fortliey wouldgive toeach ofthese
officers a quarter section of land, which for seven
years he could not obtain any advantage from.
He could not remove to settle on it, nor could he
sell it. His place of location depended not on him-
self, but on the commander-in-chief of the army;
and therefore to him the grant would be useless.
But the condition of the officer of the volunteer
corps was very different. He could settle where
he pleased at the close of the war, and, therefore,
he could make the grant administer to the necessi-
ties of himself and his family.
Mr. BENTON intimated that the gentleman had
fallen into an error. The regular officer could go
to work on the land as soon as he pleased.
Mr. BADGER said the Senator had misunder-
stood him. He did not mean to say that the reg-
ulai officer had 110 legal power to go; but that, being
an officer, his location was dependent on the War
Department.
Mr. BENTON was understood to say, that
many of the officers had children, and some of
them grandchildren, by whom the land could be
occupied and cultivated. But how, he asked, were
they employed? A bill came from the House of
Representatives. What sort of a bill was it? It
was a bill to increase the regular army—to add to
the regular military establishment of the United
States. In all its features and all its terms it was
a legular army bill. But they had thrown down
that bill, and gone to work on volunteers. The
gentlemen opposite proposed that this bill for the
regular army should leave out the cfaceis of the
regular army, for which branch of the service it
was designed to provide, and put into it the volun-
teer officers, who had nothing to do with it. In
the estimation of Senators, it appealed that twelve
months' service was more meritorious than the
service of a long life. Now, he was 111 favor of
giving this land to the private soldier, 011 the prin-
ciple of making a present to a man who would go
upon it and cultivate the ground. He did it on
the principle of making a distribution of the soil
among the laboring population; and he here de-
clared that he was ready to vote a tract of land to
every laboring man; but he was not willing to \ote
land to those that would not woik it.
Mr. BERRIEN briefly explained his object to
be, to make the report conform to the instructions
of the Senate, and not to occasion any delay. He
then asked for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON said the substantial matter
which he desired was to give a quarter-section of
land to the non-commissioned officeis, musicians,
and privates; but he should nevertheless vote for
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. BENTON denied that the committee was
obnoxious to any censuie at all. The committee
had acted like men of business. They had enter-
tained and decided upon the precise points which
had engaged the attention of the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN asked for the reading of the
instructions to the committee. j
They were again read. _ j
Mr. CALHOUN said he was not in favor of the j
amendment now proposed, and he doubted very !
much whether he should be able to bring himself i
to vote for any such provision for granting bounty 1
lands. They had had a good deal of experience j
on this subject, and the result of that experience
was, that it was the very worst mode, both for the :
treasury and for the soldiers and volunteers for ;
whose benefit it was intended. But lie rose to say
that, in his humble opinion, it was due to the
mover of this proposition—it was due to the au-
thority of the Senate itself, that the amendment
should be put in, so that the bill should stand pre-
cisely where it would have stood if the members
of the committee had recollected that there had
been such instructions. He was disposed to throw
no censure upon the committee; there were a great
many amendments moved, and it was not extraor-
dinary that this particular matter should have been
overlooked. But, most undoubtedly, if the com-
mittee had known there were such instructions
and omitted to put them in, it would be an act of
the deepest disrespect to the Senate. Under this
impression, though opposed to the proposition, he,
for one, should give his decided vote to put the
amendment tfhere it would have been if the com-
mittee had remembered the instructions.
Mr. BENTON expressed some astonishment at
the couise the Senator from South Carolina had
intimated he should puisue, but ins remarks were
inaudible in the gallery. He was understood to
say that, if the motion of the Senator from Geor-
gia prevailed, that provision would become a part
of the bill by act of the Senate, and could not
be again dissented from. The proper mode, he
thought, would be to send it back to the commit-
tee, and he now made that motion.
Mr. CALHOUN said he was not in the habit
of doing anything without due reflection. He
might have been mistaken as to the stage in which
this bill was now. But he had spoken under the
impression that it was before the Senate as in com-
mittee of the whole; if so, un amendment could
be inserted, and the Senate would have an oppor-
tunity to strike out that amendment; or, at least,
to record its vote upon it when the bill was taken
out of committee. It was a point, however, which
; he never could yield, that the bill should be made
I toconform to the instructions given to the com-
I mittee.
Mr. BENTON". The Senator from South Car-
olina makes it a question of revolt—a question of
revolt, sir; of disobedience to the Senate; of rebel-
lion, for which the committee is to be reprimanded
by the Senate. Are we children building cob-
houses ? Is this Senate, by a giave vote, to put in
an amendment, and immediately to knock it out?
And that for the purpose of showing the commit-
tee that tfye Senate will make them obey ? For that
is the ground upon which the Senator puts it—of
disobedience, of revolt, of disrespect; and it is in
this way that the Senate is to chide the committee,
like children putting chips upon one another's
head and knocking them off. It was a very puerile
mode^of proceeding. The appropriate motion is,
to_ reinstruct the committee. I move to recom-
mit the instructions; and, in the meantime, sir, I
say again that the committee acted like men of
business.
Mr. CALHOUN. I am not apt to be excited
or to be puerile. There is no puerility about it;
there is no accusation of levolt. The majority of
^ the committee themselves sustained him in the
| view hc_ took. But it was the Senator from
i Missouri himself who set up the authority of the
committee, and justified his disobedience to the
instructions of the Senate. The Senator himself
seemed to take the responsibility. I only said
that it the disobedience was intentional, it was a
disrespect to the Senate. I only claim now that
we should do what would have been done if the
committee had not made an ovei sight. This is due
to the Senate.
Mr. BENTON denied that there was any revolt
on the part of the committee, and maintained that
the Senator from South Carolina was not justified
in charging the committee with an act of disrespect
towards the Senate. He took the whole upon
himself; and he was astonished to find, having for
seven-and-twenty years discharged the duties ap-
pertaining to lum as a public man with diligence,
that he was now, for the first time, arraigned be-
fore the world for neglecting the busmen of the
Senate; and it was bioughttoa question by yeas
and nays whether he should be chastised. He
had moved to recommit the instructions, and upon
that motion he asked the yeas and nays. He also
asked the yeas and nays upon the gentleman's
proposition; and if it were carried, and the amend-
ment put in, he would ask the yeas and nays on
striking it out.
Mr. CALHOUN said that, as the Senator had
