THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1847.
New Series No. 14.
bounty would be lost to him. The object, he re-
peated, was to encourage inhstments, without ref-
erence to the service to be performed; and they
should all be put on the same footing.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE .said, hitherto the expe-
diency of the provision which occupied the atten-
tion of the Senate had been discussed; but with
great deference to gentlemen more learned in the
law than he professed to be, he would ask them
to consider how far it was competent to make
such a restriction. After the land was given to
the soldier, had they the right to control its use?
Was it competent to them to cover the new States
with entailments? It seemed to him that so soon
as it became the property of an individual, they
had no longer the right to make it inalienable,
and to introduce laws that were unknown to the
local governments. Some gentlemen, it seemed,
proposed to retain that species of control, by
retaining the patents, whatsoever might be the
condition of the individual to whom they made
the grant. Well, in such a case, suppose his title
brought in question, to what court can he apply ?
Can he show any title? He cannot. Could it be
made subordinate to the local sovereignty to tax it i
No, not, until it actually passed from the Govern-
ment to the individual. In what an anomalous
condition then would it be? A trespass is com-
mitted on this land. Could the soldier to whom
the bounty was given, recover for that trespass?
Where is his title? He has none—it is in the
General Government. But if the proprietary in-
terest passes to him, it then becomes subject to
the local sovereignty; and if it did not pass, they
proposed to put the individual for seven years in
an anomalous condition, in which he would not
be able to defend himself against those who might
think proper to trespass upon his lands. For
these reasons he was opposed to these restrictions,
and so far as the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio goes to defeat these restrictions, he would go
for it.
Mr. BENTON reiterated his objections to the
introduction of an entiiely new bill, while they
were acting upon one of another charactcr from
the House of Representatives. He objected also
to the vote being taken now, at the usual hour of
adjournment, when nobody knew the provisions
of the substitute which had been introduced. The
Senator from Ohio had introduced a substitute
without notice, which certainly required examina-
tion and consideration. Pie would ask that Sena-
tor what was intended to be the practical force and
operation of the words "legal representatives,'"
which were in his substitute. He waited for an
answer.
Mr. CORWIN. Does the Senator from Mis-
souri inquire from me ?
Mr. BENTON. Yes. What is the meaning
of" legal representatives ?''
Mr. CORWIN said it was a great while since
he had been examined for admission to the bar,
when such a question mis;ht have been proper. If
the Senator from Missouri made the inquiry for his
own information, he (Mr. C.) would rather refer
him to the library. But if he Simply inquired
what my opinion is of the meaning of the phrase
" legal representatives," I will say to him that I
mean those persons who represent the estate of a
<]ead man after he is dead. (Laughter.)
Mr. BENTON continued. Then the gentleman
'did not mean by it heits at law; but he understood
this land to be personal chattels—he ranked it with
cows, sheep, and horses—to be administered to as
to cattle. Now he knew the phrase " legal repre-
sentatives5'had been so construed in some courts, as
to include persons who held assignments, endorse-
ments, slips of paper, transfers of title. Such per-
sons it had been held might represent another, oe-
cause they had legally got possession of his title;
but such " legal representatives," it was his pur-
pose to exclude. He desired also to exclude those
who did not come into possession through blood
or widowhood, but by crime; for he had m his time
seen old men turn fools, and having a Delila in
their laps, make a will excluding the companions
of their lives and the mothers of their children.
14
They had got up a question here—a serious
question—which he did not intend to allow to pass
out of the Senate without having the public mind
brought to it, and everybody understand it. What
was the whole system of our pension laws ? The
pension laws had been so framed as to prevent a
recurrence of those acts by which the pensioners
had been stripped and plundered of all that which
they had purchased by the labour of their lives.
The Government of the United States had consti-
tuted itself the guardian of the pensioners under its
laws. Even a member of Congress could not draw
the yearly pension of one of his constituents with-
out producing a sufficient, authority, and taking an
oath that he had no interest in it. Would they
then allow the soldiers of the present war to be in
a position to be plundered of all the bounty of the
Government, when they had found it necessary to
protect the pensioner not only against the loss of
all. but of his pension from year to year?
Mr. B proceeded to enumerate several objections
to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, and
urged that there should be some limit as to time,
location, and alienation.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved an adjournment; but
withdrew his motion at the solicitation of several
Senators.
Mr. CORWIN said he felt when he offered this
amendment the full force of the suggestions which
had just been made by the Senator from Missouri.
And' he would add that it had never been subject
to the action of the Senate, though he knew_ that
its general principle had been before the committee,
and must necessarily have been discussed by
them.
Mr. C. wished now to modify his amendment by
striking out those words which were objectionable
to the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. R. Joiikson.]
When he drew up this paper he thought this
bounty of the Government ought to be confined
to those, who shall perform service in this Mexi-
can war. He would, however, now modify his
amendment, as had been suggested, leaving the
bounty to apply to all who enter the service and
perform duty during the Mexican war.
Mr. C. was satisfied it would contribute to their
intelligent voting, if the pending amendments were
printed. He therefore moved that the subject be
postponed until to-morrow, and that the amend-
ments be printed.
Mr. MANGUM hoped there would be no post-
ponement to to-morrow, nor to any other period,
for the purpose of printing these amendments.
■His friend from Ohio would not understand him
as meaning the slishtest disrespect to his amend-
ment, or the amendments of any other gentleman;
hut this whole subject bad been so long a time
under the consideration of one of the most intelli-
gent committees of the Senate, which was the
proper organ of this body, and the provisions
which were reported this morning, and now lay
on their tables, were the result of the deliberations
and the profound consideration of that committee,
though he did not concur in that report—though
he was utterly opposed, as at present advised, to
the restriction on alienation—though he was oppo-
sed to that and toother amendments—and though,
if the state of the treasury would j islify it, he
would substitute a system of commuting _land
bounties, preferring that system which was likely
to be most effective 
Mr. RUSK interposed, and stated that he had
prepared an amendment on that point, which, with
the permission of the Senntor from North Carolina,
he would send to the Secretary's desk to be read.
It was as follows:
" To sive to oarh non-enmmissirtnpd officer, musician, and
privaterthfit sorvv<? to the end of tin1 war, or wlm mav die
in «oivicp. a bountv of .§100 jn f=cnp, bearing interest .it six
iM-i coa}.. and redeemable m ten ymt^and the scrip so
is-oipd shall be leeeivable at any land otnee m the Cmted
Stales."
Mr. MANGUM resumed. He said he preferred
takin0* the report of the committee which lay on tnc
table "as the foundation of all amendments, He
did so because (although he was utterly opposed
to it) it had undergone the consideration of the
Military Committee, which necessarily gave it au-
thority, in his judgment, over all others; and he
was willing, if necessary, to sit there until twelve
o'clock at night to get a final vote on this bill. He
would vote against every general amendment.
Those of a slight character could be easily under-
stood—this proposition to make the land inalien-
able also could be understood; and he therefore
hoped the Senate would not adjourn with any such
intention as to print these amendments, but come
at once to a vote on such as were offered. He
repeated, if they were clear, they could be under-
stood; and if they .were not—if they were compli-
cated, though they might be better, yet not know-
ing them to be so, he would vote against them.
Ho should vote against any motion, whether to
adjourn or to print.
Mr. DAYTON moved an adjournment.
Several Senators called for the yeas and nays,
and others entreated the Senator from New Jersey
to withdraw Ms motion, that the amendments
might be ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAYTON said he had no objection to have
them printed, and for that purpose he withdrew
his motion.
The PRESIDENT put the question on the mo-
tion to print.
Mr. SEVIER said he would like to know how
they got at the motion to print, when there was an
amendment pending?
The PRESIDENT stated the motion to be, to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
till to-morrow, and to print the amendments for
the use of the Senate.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays on
that motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN and others called for a division
of the question, and it was divided so as to take
the question on the motion to postpone.
The motion to postpone was negatived—yeas*
22, nays 28.
Mr HANNEGAN moved that the Seuate ad-
journ.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
The vote having been taken on the motion to
adjourn, before it was announced, at the solicitation
of Mr. Crittf-ndkn', the amendments were ordered
informally to be printed.
The PRESIDENT then announced the vote on
the adjournment to be 32 in the affirmative, andT8
in the negative.
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 19, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when, on motion of Mr. THOMAS SMITH, its
further reading was dispensed with.
Mr. SAWTELLE rose and said, that more
than half of the present session of Congress had
already elapsed; in the short space of six weeks
the session must terminate by limitation, and,
| during the brief period which remained, he desired
! to see more of action and less of speech-making.
! Let us (he said) have action; thccountiy demand-
! ed it; the exigencies of the times demanded it; and,
in order to transact the legitimate business which
then was, and which might hereafter be, presented
for the consideration of the House, he asked leave
[ to submit a resolution, fixing the hour to which
1 the House shall stand adjourned from day to day
j at eleven o'clock, a. m., until otherwise ordered.
] Objection being made, tho resolution was not
introduced.
! Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked leave to make a
' report from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
j Objected to. .
Mr. ADAMS, of Mississippi, submitted a reso-
! lution providing for the termination of the debate,
in .committee, upon the bill to increase the pay of
the non-commissioned officers, musicians^and pri-
vates, of the army of the United States, and the
! militia and volunteers in the service of the same,
| and allowing them bounty land in certain cases, at
! two o'clock, p. in., this day.
