210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
Mr. WENT WORTH demanded the previous j
question upon the resolution. '
The demand for the previous question being j
seconded, and the main question ordered to be put,
Mr. DELANO moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table; which motion was negatived.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
resolution, it was decided in the affirmative.
INCREASE OF ARMY PAY, ETC.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. McClelland in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the said bill.
Mr. BELL, of Kentucky, who was entitled to
the iioor, expressed his deep conviction of the im-
portance of the bill. It took a large amount of the
public lands, and it took from the public credit a
large sum of money; but both were to be applied
to as worthy an object as could be presented for
the legislation of the country. Air. B. was in favor
both of the grant and bounty lands, and for the
increase of pay.
The objections which had been, in so forcible a
manner, urged by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vinton] against the provisions of this bill, had
with Mr. B. but little weight. The chief of them
was, that the adoption of the amendments would
subject the soldiers to the designs'of speculators.
If this objection meant anything, it was equally
good against all land bounties whatever. They
could not be provided in any conceivable form,
without being exposed to this difficulty. It was
which the provisions of this bill would take from
it would in a few years not be felt or missed.
Twenty years hence it would never be known
that the deduction had been made. Would Con-
gress refuse to make this small appropriation ?
This bill, besides the land bounty it provided,
; also proposed raising the pay of the volunteers from
! $7 to #10 per month. And a gentleman from New
York^ over the way, [Mr. Rathbun,] had asked
' how the money was to be raised ? That question
I might, with greater propriety, have been asked
i before this war was entered into. Then it would
j have been wisdom to consider it. But now we
, were in the midst of the war, and certainly we
I must pay our troops, and pay them well. The
answer to the gentleman's inquiry was this: put
back the Government upon an economical basis;
put it whpre it stood before this Administration
came into powei; let the annual expenditure be
! twenty-four millions instead of thirty-one millions;
' bring back the tariff of 1842, or some other equiv-
i alent to it—a tauff that would furnish money for
; all the necessary uses and ends of the Govern-
j ment; repeal the specie clause of the preposterous
! sub-treasury law; restore the lost confidence of the
' people. This would be the way to get the money.
| It certainly was a most extraordinary thing, that
! now, while we were in the midst of a war of the
. Administration, the ordinary means of furnishing
' revenue should have been cut down and destroyed:
t at the very moment we wanted the ciedit
ii th....
jl of the Government in order to effect a loan, the
inherent in the nature of the case. Nor could the jj moneyed affairs of the country should have been
wit of man ever devise any system of legislation j! niadly thrown into a state of derangement.
that would prevent the designing sharper from |j Mr. B. said he was in favor of paying our army,
preying on tiie ignorant and t he credulous. This J j because they well deserved ail we could do for
alwayshad attended all grants of bounties to our 1 them. A better or more gallant army never en-
sokhery, and how could u be obviated by the force !
of legislation J
Air. B. said he agreed with the gentleman from '
Ohio who spoke last, yesterday evening, [Air. j
tered the field. Other countries would have pro-
vided remunerations for the gallant chief who had
led them to victory of a very different kind from
those which we had provided for him. For ser-
CumminSjJ m the propriety of making this land jj vices such as his, there was not a country in
scrip inalienable. But then it must be proportion- jj E.urope that would not have enshrined his name ,
in universal honor and applause. But how bad
the Democratic party and their President rewarded !
devotion and bravery never surpassed in the mili-
tary annals of any government? England would
have bestowed upon him a dukedom; Napoleon
would have made him a field-marshal: and well
would he have stood by the side of the Junots, and
the Lannes, and the Maedonalds, and all that other
host nf militaiy chiefs whom the wisdom of Eu-
rope's greatest raptain had lifted from obscurity to
places of the highest dignity, and to companion-
ship with himself. Had he belonged to any of
the despotisms of the older continent, he would
have glittered in diamonds and transmitted nobility
to his children. But how had those glorious ser-
vices been rewarded by our party President? By
a cold forgetful silence. And how had the Na-
tional Legislature signalized Us gratitude ? By the
petty cavils and small criticisms of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Air. Figkltn,] and the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson",] who, without
daririgto prefer an open manly chatge of incom-
petency or cowardice, had nibbled at the reputa-
tion of the brave old hero, and tried their little
efforts to injure his good name before the country.
ably depreciated in Value. He thought it might be j
made inalienable until the patent should issue, and
then not subject to attachment in chancery or to
• execution. But still it would be comparatively
valueless. There were in our army many young
men who had not families, and to these {he qual-
-ity of being disposable gave to the scrip its chief
"value; and the same was true m relation to such
as had but small families. It must be conceded
that it was impossible to do exact justice in gradu-
ating the bounty and the amount of service ren-
dered; but we might approximate this.
In the amendment Mr. B. had offered for the i
adoption of the committee, he had, to a certain '
extent, attempted this, by appropriating to those j
men who had served six months eighty acres of
land; to those who had served more than that
time one hundred and sixty acies; to such as-had !
served a year, three hundred and twenty; and to i
those who should have served during the whole ;
war, a yet laigei quantity. He was aware that'
this would not effcct perfect justice; but it came as .
near it, probably, as was in our power. ;
He expressed much surprise that a gentleman of j
so much intelligence and expeiienee as the gentle-
man from Ohio [Air. Vinton] should advocate the ij Was this the meed he might expect at the hands
i--1 11.: . -  c. -j- * - of his country, its legislators, and its highest ruler?
But the Executive had shown still further his
sense of patriotic and honorable obligation by try-
ing- to supersede him in his command.
Mr. B. did not refer to the gentleman in the
chair; no, far from it: he knew the proposal had
been met as it deserved; but there were some
echoes of the President in that House, who would
willingly have done it, and put a civilian over the
veteran's head. But this eoursc was no novelty in
history. The President did but follow the foot-
steps of an illustrious predecessor in another land.
When the great Spanish leader returned from the
location of the lands within a specific district
Certainly the gentleman could not but know that j
it was that very arrangement which, more than j
anything else, had exposed the soldier to the de- ;
signs of the speculator. He thought it much bet- j
ter to let the scrip consist of what were called in i
the West " landfloats," to be located wherever it '
best suited the purpose of the holder. He admit- i
ted that the effect of the bill would be to dry up j
for a time the whole landed revenue of tiie Gov- j
eminent ; but to counterbalance this, it would ■
withdraw the public domain from being an ele- j
ment m the political canvass of politicians. With-
out arguing at length m favor of any mode of j, selfsame field of bloody victories to his native
bestowing -this bounty over others, he said he • land, he was received in much the same style,
should be in favor of that mode which did it most Cortez, returning from the field of his immortal
effectually. Let us deal with no niggard hand to j: fame, asked an audience of his King; but it was
those whom either the blunders of the President ii long and obstinately refused him; till at length,
or the injuries and provocations of Mexico had ji his patience exhausted and his bosom burning
called to the field. The Government had moie ij with a sense of injnrv, he watched his opportu-
than on£ hundred and forty millions of acres of;! nity, and, as the King left his palace, presented
land surveyed, besides three hundred and twenty himself before him. The monarch, with that
millions more in the great West; and which con- hauteur for which he was remarkable, bent his
atituted a vast magazine from which it might draw ij brow and asked: " Man, who art thou ? I know
without fear of exhaustion. The ten millions U thee not." Cortez responded: " I, aire, am the
man who has added more provinces to your king-
dom than the whole number it before contained."
The silence of President Polk was only of a piece
with this example of royal insolence. Mr. B.,how-
ever, did not know that the criticisms of the expe-
rienced military commander from Illinois, nor the
want of perception on the part of the astute gentle-
man from Mississippi, had done Old Rough and
Ready the slightest injury. He did not, to be sure,
know that either of these gentlemen had themselves
earned such a weight of overshadowing laurels in
their own persons that they had earned the right
to speak slightingly of the hero of the Rio Grande.
; They might, and 'Mr. B. never have heard of it.
Perhaps they had. And perhaps their criticisms on
■ the campaign in Mexico might hereafter be placed
; beside Bonaparte's criticisms of the greatTuvenne.
' As yet, however, he hardly thought that this
! attack on the warrior bad so much as ruffled a
feather in his plume, whatever mark its unkmd-
j ness might have left on his heart.
! The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thomp-
! son] had complimented very highly a general now
! in the field, who happened to differ widely from
! Mr. B. in politics. He referred to General Butler.
! But he should not follow the gentleman's example
in seeking to detract in the least trom the merits
of that brave commander; on the contrary, it was
■ with the utmost cheerfulness that he accorded to
: him the fullest measure of well-earned praise. He
1 added his grateful tribute to his gallantry; nor
, would he diminish by agrain or scruple the meas-
ure of honor in which he was held by his country.
■ He hoped that he and General Taylor would for-
■ get the very existence of any party diffeiences
j between them, and would share, as they deserved,
! the common gratitude of the American people,
j This was not the place to attack men occupying
, arduous and distant stations in the service; it they
1 had exhibited cowardice or treachery, ariaign them
for it—put them openly to the proof, and if they
were guilty, let them receive the inflictionsof their
country's contempt.
. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Tiiomp-
:i son] had said he had not been able to peiceive
j anything in the conduct of General Taylor which
ii showed him fit to hold a general command of the
il army. Let the gentleman show in what he had
j; come short. What had he done, or what had he
j' left undone, that showed him unworthy of the post
he filled, or that could, in the same circumstances,,
[I have been done by mortal man'
;j Mr. THOMPSON said he had had no intention
jj of instituting any comparison between the merits
,j of General Taylor and General Butler. _ General
I Butler had not had an opportunity of being tried;
General Taylor had; and Mr. T. had said, and he
said it still, that neither on the Rio Grande nor at
Monterey had he shown that he was fit for ji post
! of general command.
Mr. BELL (resuming.) And yet the gentle-
man, if he understood him, would be in favor of
ji putting General Butler, who had not been tried,
|j over the head of General Taylor, who had been.
!' Air. THOAIPSON replied, saying something
;! about General Butler's commission, which the
!j reporter failed to hear. He said it was not for him
ji to designate the man who should be selected to fill
j| such a station; but, as he held the President respon-
!j sible for the conduct of the war, he thought he
ought to have the choice of an officer to take the
i' general command of the troops in the field. Pie
!! declined making any comparisons, or running any
Ij parallels between our generals: they were all brave
|j men.
ji Air. BELL said he had had no purpose of mis-
i; representing the gentleman; but the gentleman had
i, certainly expressed very clearly a preference of
jl Butler over Taylor. He said that he had not seen
i' anything in General Taylor that indicated a fitness
jj for supreme command, but he intimated that he
! had in General Butler.
Mr. B. proceeded. If our army, which had per-
formed brilliant service in the field, deserved to be
well paid, much more did they merit it when en-
gaged in the particular service to which they were
called by this war. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. E-athbtn] had said that, our volunteers
served from patriotism, and not merely for pay.
Mr. B. fully accorded to them all the praise that
gentlemen had bestowed; and he doubted not that
if a case of necessity should present itself, they
would be ready to fight the battles of their country
without receiving a dollar. In our two past wars
