212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
to say that such rewards were not suited to plain
republicans like us. We had passed votes of
thanks to General Taylor, and so had almost every
city in the Union. He had done his duty well,
but so had every common soldier under his com-
mand; but he saw no need for dukedoms and dia-
monds. Some gentlemen seemed to think of no-
thing but dukedoms; but for his part, he had rather
see Taylor and Butler return like plain democratic
soldiers than to come'back from the field of their
victories covered over with diamonds. He would
rather have such an epitaph as was written at
Thermopylae " Here we be, in obedience to the
laws of our country," than all the dukedoms a
monarch could bestow.
The gentleman said our soldiers must get more
money, because they were fighting in an unjust
war. The President had got them into it by his
blunders, and they must be encouraged to fight it
out by more pay. But what had the great poet of
human nature said on that subject?
" Timce is- lie armed who lias his quarrel just," &c.
To tell our soldiers that the war was unholy and
unjust, was the way to dampen all their aidor,
and make cowards of brave men. He deeply re-
gretted thdt the idea should have been sanctioned j
here, that American soldiers would willingly fight j
in an unjust war. He regretted it for the honor j
of the country, and for the feelings of the men. ;
He referred particularly to a regiment which had j
gone from his own State and district. He knew
the men personally; they were intelligent and up- i
right ntcn,>and never would draw their swords m \
a war they believed to be unjust. To tell them j
that they fought for money and their generals for i
dukedoms and diamonds, would only cool their '
ardor. Air. S. said they wcio his equals in mouils, ;
in intellect, and in education, and they would not i
enter the field to fight against God and the laws of \
justice. Men who would be valiant as lions in a
good cause, if they felt they were doing wrong, j
would retire before the push of a rush.
Gentlemen wanted to increase the pay of the '
army; so did Mr. S., and so he had done, last ses- j
sion, though he had been charged—against the !
record—of voting against it. All who knew lus
course, knew the deep solicitude he had felt and
manifested in the success of the vote to increase
the soldiers' pay. He went foi it still; not, how-
ever, on the miserable idea that freemen would
fight for money in an unjust war. The men m
the ranks would despise him, could he throw out
or tolerate such an idea.
Mr. S. now came to the point for which he had
risen; and, first, he would send to the Clerk's desk
an amendment which he had prepared, and which
he thought would etfect what his colleague had de-
clared to be impossible, viz., prevent these war- '
rants from being transferred by the soldiers who ,
received them. !
Air. S. then sent up the following:
" rirc 6. ./?iid /><; it Ji'fther cnasled. That no patent slnll ho [
issued on any \v:i, i-vit heiebv million/. hI uniii fI*.* expiumon !
of one year from ami unci the teimniation of the war now
existing between tin1 United Static rod Mexico, and in no
ra-*e shall the Coin mi ^tone r ot tin* ai L.uiU G;ne<- ^-.iie •
any on t-ur-h \v,in\P:N tin?.] satMarjorv p«onf. hy afuiavu
or otherwise, fo* made to him, that the |.>ga] and equitable
title will pa<s and ve^t in the noti-comuii-^ioiK'd o*:i'-er. m«i- 1
sieian, and privnt--, to whom the \\ arrant cnuiPdiJy i<5f.u,:d,
or to their legal icpres-entatives.''
This would prevent the swarm of cormorants of ,
whom the gentleman had spoken, from surround-
ing the army while it was together. The patent '
was to be delayed for a year, till the man had got i,   
among his friends, where he would be much jess the report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
liable to ue token in, and where the sharks would ' the last session of Congress upon the war with
have more difficulty in finding him. ' Mexico.
What the gentleman had said about the Govern- 'j Mr. IIATHBUN said, that after the many and
msnt having no longer eonUol of the land after , able speeches which had been made here on both
they had passed it to the soldier, xvas undoubtedly ,! sides of til is war question, the reports of which had
trie. Ho admitted that; but he took it that the ' gone all over the United States, he thought it would
donor had a right to attach to his gift what condi- hardly be necessary to print this report. All the
tion lie pleased, provided such condition xvas not :j best talent of the House had been elicited in the
contrary to good morals and to the law of the land. ;i discussion, and surely but little light could now be
This, he believed, would avoid the difficulty as to M thrown upon a matter so well understood. If, at
restraining the transfer of these certificates. In jj the time, the report in question had been made, the
this way, the giit of the country would inure to motion of the honorable gentleman had been made,
the soldier who had fought m this just and holy J Mr. R. would have voted for it, for then there
„ J; would have been a propriety in it. But after we
One word more. The gentleman from Ken-; had been a whole year actually engaged m the war,
tucky [Mr. Bell] had said we ought to have set ' j and the House had voted large forces and large
down and counted the cost before xve began the , sums to carry it on, and days and weeks had been
war, and seen where the money was to come from ' devoted to a full discussion of its origin, causes,
to cairy it on. But the fact was, the war came ,, and bearings, it was surely too late to bring up
upon us before the people knexv anything about it.
[Cries of " very true," " that's a fact," from the
Whig side of the House, with much laughter.] It j
was now a matter of history. But suppose the
iron men of the Revolution had acted on this
principle, where would now have been our liber-
ties and this republican Government.^ Where ij
would have been that immortal Declaration of In-
dependence—the greatest production that ever pro-
ceeded from the pen of mortal man? With their
naked swords alone, without a treasury, without
means or munitions of war, without public credit j
or system of taxation, they had simply appealed ;|
to the God of battles, and struck for their freedom
and their rights. They had h;id a glorious fight, :
and they succeeded, and literally "conquered ah
peace.'1 t;
In one sentiment, however, which the gentleman ,
had utterpd, Mr. S. heartily concurred, and that j,
was the glorious motto, " Millions for dcfcncc, but ;
not a cent for tribute." fj
Mr. BOYD, of Kentucky, said that his object ;j
and that of a vast majority of that House, was to j!
give a land bounty to our soldiers, and to secure !|
them from being defrauded of it by speculators. |j
He xvished to do these xvith as little injury to the
treasury or to the public credit as was possible. |
These, it would be confessed on all hands, were j,
important objects; and hence this bill was one of ;j
great and intrinsic importance. But there were j|
I great difficulties in securing this gift, when actually | j
made, to the soldier for whom H was intended, and I
great difference of opinion as to the best mode of
effecting this. Mr. B. had his doubts whether the
proposition he had himself proposed, or the various
other amendments directed to the same end, would, |
after all, effect it. He feared they would not. |
Great caution and care were certainly to be ob-
served; he hoped, however, that some plan might
yet be hit upon that would answer better than any 1
yet devised. Under this hope it was Ins purpose ,
now to move for the rising of the committee; m ;
order that, tn the House, the bill, together with nil :
the amendments which had been proposed, should S
be referred to a select committee. |
Before the motion was made, however, Mr. j!
GRAHAM, of North Carolina, and Mr. STEW- ;
ART, of Pennsylvania, obtained leave to send up j
amendments, which xvouhl go with the rest. i
Mr. BOYD then made his motion that the com- !
mittee now rise; and it rose and reported progress j
accordingly. j
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the Committee of the j
Whole was discharged from the further consider- !
ation of the bill to increase the pay of the non- ;
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, of
the army of the United States, and the militia and
volunteers in the service of the same, and allowing
them bounty land in ceitain case*, together with
all the amendments offered to the same.
And, on motion of Air. BOYD, the said bill and
amendments were referred to a select committee,
consisting of nine members, viz: Messrs. Boyd,
Vinton, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Gra-
ham, McCi.krnand, Benjamin Thompson, Wil-
mot, and Benton.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of rcpoits of committees and resolutions, which
had been heretofore offered and laid over for con-
sideration. The first of xvhich is, the resolution
reported by Mr. C. J. Ingkrsoll, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, to print 5,000 copies of
and print stale reports of last year. He was aware
that it was a report xvhich had cost much labor,
and, so far as the able chairman of the committee
was personally concerned, he should be glad to
comply xvith his wishes; but, in view of his duty
to the country, he must say that he should think
it much better that the money this printing would
cost should be devoted to the prosecution of the war
The people wanted no abstruse discussions; they
had decided that the war was right, and should he
prosecuted with vigor. This was the feeling and
the determination of avast majority of this nation:
their minds were made up: why, then, publish an
ancient history of the origin of the war? Unless
some gentleman xvas desirous to speak upon the
motion, he should move to lay it on the table.
Mr. C. 'J. INGERSOX-iL said he xvished to
speak, and Mr. R. foibore to make the motion.
Mr. I. then said he had been desirous of saying
a few things in regard to this report, as xve 11 as on
the war itself, but had hitherto been prevented.
A good opportunity now presented itself, and he
xvished to embrace it, and xvas prepared to do so.
The report had been prepared with a good deal
of care: its statements were drawn from a higher
source than those of the President, and the inves-
tigation xvas much more extensive than that con-
tained in the President's message. Mr. I. noxv
went into a speech which occupied the hour al-
lowed him under the rule, and xvas cut short by
its expiration. [Mr. I.'s specch will be found in
the Appendix.]
The SPEAKER laid before the House—
I. A communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the Ad-
jutant General of the army, made in compliance
xvith the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 5th instant, ir-questing the President
to communicate to the House " the xvhole num-
• ber of volunteers xvhich have been mustered into
(the service of the United States since the 1st day
1 of May last, designating the number mustered
' for three months, six months, and twelve months;
' the number of those who have been discharged
'before they served two months, number dis-
: 4 charged after two months' service, and the num-
' ber of volunteer officeis xvho have resigned, and
' the dates of their resignation.Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
II. A letter from the Secietary of War, trans-
mitting, in obedience to the requirements of the
acts of April 2, 1808, and March 3, 1809, state-
ments showing what contracts have been made
under the authority of that Department during
the year 1846; which letter and statements were
laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in obedience to the resolution of the
House of the 2d instant, copies of all the corre-
i, spondence relating to the case of L. C. F. Fatio,
'j late captain in the revenue marine; xvhich letter
11 and correspondence xvere laid on the table and or-
!; dered to be printed.
'} INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
[! of the Whole, (Mr. Cobb in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
:' propriations for the current and contjngcntexpenscs
/ of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
jj stipulations xvith the various Indian tribes, for the
11 year ending June 80, 1848.
ij When the bill had been read through—
'j Mr. CULVER moved that the committee rise
! and report progress.
j The question was put, and no quorum voting,
1' a recount was had by tellers, xvho reported, in favor
1 of rising 32, against it 62. No quorum still voting,
, the committee rose, and the chairman reported the
| fact to the House.
S | A motion xvas then made that the House do now
!' adjourn; which xvas negatived.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON moved the usual
> resolution to close all debate in Committee of the
Whole in five minutes after the House shall again
,, go into committee on the above-mentioned bill, and
moved the previous question.
| A motion to adjourn xvas again made and again
rejected.
;i The previous question was noxv seconded, and
i the main question ordered to be put, and the reso-
■ J lution xvas agreed to.
!j A motion to adjourn was again made, on xvhich
ii tellers were appointed. The tellers reported, in
