1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
favor of adjournment 19, against it 59. So the
House again refused to adjourn.
No quorum appearing—
Mr. SAWYER moved a call of the House. The
motion was agreed to, and the Clerk proceeded to
call the roll of members. The roll being called
through, it appeared ihat 124 members answered
to their names.
On motion, the further call was dispensed with.
A motion was again made to adjourn, and again
rejected
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON inquired of the
Chair if the House could not discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Indian appropriation
bill ?
The SPEAKER stated that in his opinion it
could not—the House having just passed a resolu-
tion making it imperative on the Committee of the
Whole to rise and report the bill in five minutes
after the House shall again go into committee on
the bill.
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole (Air. Cobb in the chair) on the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the committee rise.
The question was put, and no quorum voted.
A recount was then had by tellers, who reported,
in favor of rising 7, against it 67. Still no quorum
voted.
Several points of order were made by Mr.
WINTHROP, Mr. HAMLIN, and Mr. REU-
BEN CHAPMAN.
The CHAIRMAN stated that if the motion to
rise prevailed, he should, under the order of the
House, report the bill to the House.
Another count, on the motion to rise, was had,
and the tellers reported, in favor of rising 62, against
it 21.
No quorum voting, the committee rose and re-
ported that fact to the House.
A motion was agam made that the House ad-
journ; which prevailed, and the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: Two luetnoiials, of citizens
of the Statu of Michigan, for the establishment of a mail
route from Owasso, in "the county of Shiawassee, to Lyons,
in the county of Ioma, to intersect the State road near the
house of H< Leach, in the town of Scioto, Shiawassee coun-
ty. Michigan.
By M«*. FRIES: The petition of John Fiost and 14 other
citizens of Columbiana county, Ohio, asking Congress to
provide by law that the public lands " be laid out in farms
and lots for the free use of such citizens (not possessed of
other lands) as will occupy them.*'
By Mr. WINTHROP: The petition of James W. Ward
and 94 others, of Ahington, m Massachusetts, for peace with
Mexico.
By Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL : The memorial of citizens
of the city of New Voik, asking the action of Congress in
favor of Mi. Whitney's plan for a railroad to the Pacific.
By Mr. STEPHENS: A memorial fiom the Rev. Thomas
C. Benmng and James C. Damare&t, of Savannah, Georgia,
praying Congress to giant to them the right of preemption
to a certain quarter-section of the public lands in Florida.
By Mr. C. B. SMITH: The memorial of David Hoover,
Elijah Coffin, and 183 other citizens ot Richmond, Indiana,
praying that measmes may be adopted to bring about a
speedy peace with Mexico.
By Mr. E. B. HOLMES: The petition of Dr. H. Carver,
of Rochester, New York, prnying for a private charter an-
thoiizmg him and his associates to build a railroad fiom
L,:ike Michigan, across the Kocky Mountains, to the Pacific
Ocean; and in case this shall be refused, and the Govern-
ment shall determine to build the road itself, then offering to
build the said road, with a wide track and m a very suMan-
tial manner, for a grant of land twenty miles in width on
each side of the same.
By Mr. DEMOTT: The petition of citizens of New York,
asking that a portion of the public lands may be set apart
for the eonstt uction of a railroad from Lake Michigan to the
Pacific _
By Mr. BARRINGER: The petition of E. P. Guion and
B. McLaughlin, of North Carolina, praying compensation
for carrying the mail, &c.
By Mr. YOST: The petition of Joseph W. Knife, a sol-
dier in the last war, praying for a pension.
By Mr. PERRJLL: A memorial from Elias Benton and
other citizen® of Ohio, asking for an appropriation of land
in the Chihcothe land district to aid in the completion of \
the Zanesville and Maysville turnpike road. j
By Mi. HAMPTON : The memorial of the Trustees of the i
College of New Jer^ev, requesting such a modification of ;
the tariff laws as will make books, printed magazines, j
pamphlets, periodicals, maps, chemical and philosophical |
instruments and apparatus, when imported for the use of
literaiy institutions, free fiom duty.
By Mr. SEAMAN: The petition of Edward Quinn lor a
pension. , ,
By Mr. MOULTON: The petition of sundry inhabitants
of Manchester, Deny, liampstead, Danville, Kingston, and
Exeter, for a mail route.
By Mr. TILDEN: The memorial of Hfenry N Day and
40 other citizens of Hudson, Summit county, Ohio, asking
the aid of Congress in the construction of a railroad con-
necting tlie waters of Lake Erie with the Ohio river.
By Mr. HUBARD, of Virginia: The petition of Messrs.
George W. Cahinis, George W. Petteis, John M. McCargo,
and others.
By Mr. DELANO : The petition of thirty-one citizens of
Etna, Licking county, Ohio, praying Congress to exercise
all their constitutional powers to bring to a speedy close the
existing war without the further effusion of blood.
By Mr. HUDSON : The petitions of William H. Sanford
and others, of Boylston, Massachusetts; of Ichabod Wash-
burn and others, of Worcester, Massachusetts; of George
Trask and others, of Warren, Massachusetts: all praying
for the restoration of peace to the country.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of345 citizens of Lock-
port, New York, praying that the war with Mexico may be
terminated without futther effusion of blood.
By Mr. LA SERE : The petition of Lieutenant W. A. C.
Farragut, praying to be promoted to the rank of captain.
By Mr. TILDEN: The petition of Daniel McKcnny, of
Summit county, Ohio, asking a pension for revolutionary
services.
By Mr. ASHMUN: The memorial of Alfred Ely and 113
other inhabitants of Monson, Massachusetts, deploring the
evils of the vvai with Mexico, and asking that it may be
brought to a speedy close without furthei bloodshed. Also,
the memoiial of Sjl venter Grahame and 77others, of North-
ampton, Massachusetts, to the same etlect.
By Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL : The petition of Joseph
S. Backus and other citizens of the town of Chaplin, m the
State of Connecticut, praying that Congress would use all
their constitutional power* to bring to a sp< edy flose the
wai with Mexico, if possible, without further efiusion of
blood.
By Mr. IIAllALSON: The petition of Gile.=> S. Boggus,
pravimr remuneration for hisses siu-tained bvhim a* expioss
mail contractor on routes Nos. 11 and 12, in the year 1836.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 20, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memorial
from the representatives of the Yearly Meeting1 of
the Society of Friends in Pennsylvania, New Jer-
-r\i i ,1. , r i 3 I' conditional transier oi tne siook neiu uy me uxuteu
gey, Delaware, and the eastern shore of Maryland; n g ; the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company
which was read, and a motion for the printing was ;j fft thn Riiirl „nmnnV nmomnanied bv a report,
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented ;i petition from
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition from
L. Stone, praying indemnity for spoliations prior
to 1800; which was referred to the select commit-
tee on that subject.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Hollidaysburg, in Pennsylvania, praying
that the public lands may be set apart to be applied
to the construction of a railroad from Lake Michi-
gan to the Pacific Ocean; which was referred to the
Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from citizens of
the city of New York, asking for the establish-
ment of a branch Post Office m Chatham square;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CORW1N presented a petition from citizens
of Ravenna, Ohio, asking for a grant of public land
for completing the lailroad of the Cleveland and
Pittsburg Railroad Company; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of Ann
Anderson, widow of a seaman, askingfora pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. JARNAQIN, from the Committee on In-
J dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Wil-
! liam Maroin, accompanied by a report. The bill
\ was read a first time, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
| Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
1 reported a bill to authorize the issuing of a new
! register for the American barque Pons, of Phila-
delphia, by the name of the Cordelia; which was
read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill directing the
conditional transfer of the stock held by the United
Frederick Dawson, James Schott, and E. 1)
Whitney, praying for the fulfilment of a contract
made with the Government of Texas, prior to its
annexation with the United States, for supplying
that republic with a naval armament; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON also presented a memo-
rial from David Vann and William P. Ross, dele-
to the said company, accompanied by a report.
The bill was read'afirst time, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, also,"from the same commit-
tee, reported the bill to provide for the completion
of the marine hospital and erection of a custom-
house in New Orleans, with a recommendation
lhat it do pass.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the Committee on
the Judiciary were discharged from the further
gates of the Cherokee Indians, asking for the bal- !j consideration of the joint resolution for the amend
ance due those Indians under the treaty of I835:
and also praying compensation for the surrender of
their lands east of the Mississippi; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. "VVESTCOTT presented a petition from
twelve hundred of the citizens of the District of
Columbia, asking Congress to adopt measures to
prevent the labor of convicts from being used in
the construction of the building for the Smithso-
nian Institution.
Mr. W. said he had been requested to present
a memorial signed by nearly twelve hundred resi-
dents of this District, remonstrating against the
ment of the Constitution of the United States, in
relation to the judiciary.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Committee on Com-
merce was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of the Red River Railroad
Company, and said memorial was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Committee on
Commerce were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial ofE. P. Calkins & Co.,
and said memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BERRIEN asked and obtained leave to in-
anticipated course of the Regents of the Smith- 'I troducc a bill to regulate the exercise of the appel-
soniart Institution, in making contracts which '' late jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of theUmted
would bring the labor of State prison convicts in j States in certain cases; which was read a first and
competition with the mechanics of this District in
the erection of the buildings of the institution. He
now presented that memorial. It was due to the
; second time, and referred to the Committee on the
| Judiciary.
Mr. CORWIN submitted the following resolu-
regents, however, that he should state that 011 re- ■ tion, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury b<
ceiving the memonl,hc had called on several of
them to advise them of it, and as they had all dis-
claimed any such course as that the correction of
which was the object of the memorial, he was
satisfied the memorialists were mistaken in their
apprehensions. Nevertheless, he deemed it his
duty to present the memorial, and move that it be
referred to the Regents of the Institution, and that
the Secretary of the Senate be directed to transmit
it to them. .          ..
The motion of Mr. W. was agreed to. I j anc; jess than thirty years prior to such sale; desig-
Mr. MANGTJM presented a memorial from || Dating the land districts, and the States and Terri-
Robert Owen, asking for an investigation of a mode p torieswhere said lands were sold, and the years in
and is hereby, directed to report to the Senate the
quantity of public lands sold which had been of-
fered for sale, or subject to private entry, more
than fifteen yeais and less than twenty years prior
to such sale. Also, all public lands sold which had
been offered for sale, or subject to entry, more than
twenty and less than twenty-five years prior to
such sale. Also, all public lands so sola which
had been offered for sale more than twenty-five
discovered by him for improving the condition of
society; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Mr. STUROEON presented a memorial from
the Society of Friends in Pennsylvania and New
which such sales were made.
On motion of Mr. UPHAM,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
  ! in" a pension to John Ellis, of Vermont, for ser-
Jersey, asking for the adoption of such measures >i ' soldier in the war of the Revolution,
as would bring the war with Mexico to a speedy ^ ofMr_ BAGBY, the Senate proceed-
telThisa memorial was read, and a motion to print j! ed to the consideration of the. bill for the relief of
was referred to the Committee on Printing. 11 Elijah White and others.
