214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
The bill was then amended, as in committee of
the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished to ask a question
of the Committee on Commerce. He desired to
know when it was likely that a report would be
made from that committee on the bill which he had
introduced at the beginning of the session, for the
improvement of the western rivers?
Mr. HANNEGAN said the Senator from Ken-
tucky must be aware that he (Mr, H.) had been
confined from indisposition, until within the last
few days. He had not, therefore, been able to
attend any meeting of the committee. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky had not this subject more at
heart than he had. He hoped there would shortly ;
be a meeting1, and that the subject would be con- j
sidered. I
Mr. CHITTENDEN said he was aware of the |
indisposition of the Senator from Indiana. He
thought, however, that if the committee had used
ordinary activity, the bill might have been reported
before this time. There was less time now for act-
ing on this bill than had elapsed since it was refer-
red to the committee. He had, however, intended
to address his question to the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HANNEGAN. My friend from Missouri
near me [Mr. Atchison] suggested that the inquiry
was addressed to me. j
Mr. D1X made a brief reply, in which he was !
understood to say, that there were some questions J
before the committee in relation to this bill which |
had caused the delay; one of which Was, whether ;
it would not be more expedient to separate the j
objects, and present them to the Senate as distinct .
bills. jj
An act to create the office of surveyor general of
public lands for the Territory of Oregon, and to
grant donation rights to settlers therein, was then
taken up for consideration, on Us third reading.
On the suggestion of Mr. C0RW1N, a verbal
amendment was unanimously agreed to.
The bill was then about to be read a third time;
when,
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the coiiaideiation of the special order,
being the
ARMY BILL.
Mr. CORWIN made some verbal alterations in
the amendment proposed by him yesterday.
Mr. WEBSTER ro*?e and remarked that the
substance of this amendment raised the question of
dispensing with the limitations and restrictions
proposed by the original amendment to be attach-
ed to the bounty land intended to be conferred
upon persons entering into the military service of
the United States. He thought the question was
an important one, and lie trusted it would be j
wisely decided. So far as respected the probable I
effect of the proposition submitted by the Commit- |
tee on Military Affairs, and the probable elfect of i
that proposition, if modified as now proposed, ,
upon the lecruit or person proposing to inlist, he
had stated yesterday all that he wished to say, j
except that, in adverting to the practice of the j
Government and the acts of Congress during the
late war with England, he had not staled piecisely i
(because he did not recollect precisely) what was i
the extent of bounties to which Congress proceed- j
ed for the purpose of filling the ranks of the army |
of the United States towards the dose of that war. '
Mr. TV. here adverted to the provisions of the j
law as they stood at the close of the late war, in !
December, 1834. There wcie granted, he said, at j
that time, two-fold bounties. ^In the first place, |
there was a money bounty of $124—fifty to be S
to add anything, on another point, to the arguments
which were brought forward, when the subject
was so fully discussed yesterday, viz: as to at-
taching restrictions or any encumbrance to lands
after they were severed from the possession of the
United States. His view on this subject was in
accordance with that of the Senator from Michi-
[Mr. Woodbridge.] Congress, while the
paid upon inlistment, fifty upon joining the
inent or being mustered into service, and the other
twenty-four upon receiving an honorabledischaro-e.
There was also eight dollars compensation to any ,     
non-commissioned officer or scldier who should lv fli^pn^PfTnlrparlv
procure a recruit to be inlisied, making the whole '' - - * - <
amount in money ^J32. And then there was a
bounty in land to"the amount of half a section, or
three hundred and twenty acres. This was the
state of the law as it now stood. There had been
previous laws which had put the quantity of land
at a quarter-section, or one hundred and sixty
or,res, but at the close of the war the bounty stood
as he had stated it.
It might be a little presumptuous for him now
lands remained the property of the United States,
had the power to dispose of them or to regulate
their management, and to make all necessary pro-
visions for that purpose. But after these lands
were parted with, he regarded all other legislation
concerning them to be vested only in the State in
which they were located.
Mr. W. made some further remarks on the legal
bearing of the question, and concluded with giving !
it as his opinion, that if the bounty was put in the
form recommended by the committee, it would be
insufficient and inefficient as an encouragement to
inlist.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, after some remarks in
relation to the power of Congress to impose re-
strictions upon the lands granted to the soldiers,
in which he differed somewhat from the Senator
from Massachusetts as to the extent of that power,
observed that he felt also some repugnance to such
provision; and it was for that reason, among oth-
ers, that he had proposed, at a former stage of the
discussion, to substitute for a grant of land of
indefinite and unknown value, lying in a remote
situation, where the soldier might not probably
wish to go, and which would naturally become the
subject of these fraudulent speculations, a grant of
scrip, or a warrant which would enable the party
to locate his land where he pleased.
Mr. DAVIS observed, that there seemed to be a
disposition manifested on all sides to obviate what
was supposed to be an evil attending the granting
of bounty lands; and that evil was, that those who
might be insisted as soldiers in the army would be
very likely to lose the benefit of the land given them
as a consideration for their services, by transferring
such title as they might have, whatever that might
be. That this evil existed to some extent, was
undoubtedly true; and the inquiry was, how they
could best meet the difficulty ? In what way to
shape their legislation, so us to secure to the indi-
vidual the property to which he was entitled ? It
was not an easy question to settle. They were
proceeding upon the supposition that legislative
restriction would do this; but he apprehended that
legislative restrictions never yet succeeded in retain-
ing property m the hands of an improvident man.
"What, then, was the result? They were providing '
that transfers should work a forfeiture of the grant; !
so that the person obtaining possession by pur- '
chase from the soldier should derive no benefit from ;
his bargain. They were attempting to erect a bar- i
ner between the soldier and the speculator. Did !
their experience afford them any ground for believ- j
ing that they would accomplish the object they had i
in view? Could they by any legislative provisions i
make men prudent? Could they prevent those who
had a disposition to waste their propeity from
doing so ? In his opinion, in a large majority of
cases, the result would be, that, instead of defeat-
ing the speculations that grow out of such grants, '
they would only throw the burden of increased ■
risk upon the owner of such property. By with- .
holding from him a complete title for a period of
se\en years, a very great additional risk was ere- ,
ated, and the land must be disposed of on less fa- 1
vorable terms than if they gave a clear title. He -
thought the more completely the individual was
made master of the property which was put into
his hands, the greater would be the benefit to him. j
It was entiiely a mistaken policy, which would
defeat itself, to undertake to tie these bounties up. ;!
j He could arrive at no other conclusion than this, !
| and would prefer decidedly the issue of scrip.
1 Mr. CASS said he did not rise to discuss this :
question at all, for he thought it had been sufficient-
He merely desired to say
that it seemed to him it would be better to come i|
to a decision as soon as possible. The bill was .!
vastly important, and its passage ought not to be ;
delayed. The impression upon his mind at pres- I
ent was, that he should vote decidedly against the j:
restrictions; for he agreed fully in what had been ji
said by the honorable Senator fiom Massachusetts, j
that it was not in the power of the General Gov- j
ernment to impose restrictions and limitations after !
parting with the ownership of the land. And he 11
wentstill further: he thoughtthe Government could
not do inrihectly what they had not the power to
do directly; and that they had not the power of
controlling these grants by postponing the issuing
of patents. When the equitable title passed, he
did not believe they could, by withholding the
patent, retain the right to.exercise any control.
Besides, they were assuming that the volunteer or
[ soldier to whom the grant was made was mcom-
| petent to take care of his own interests; and, in
j attempting to guard the improvident man, they
I were putting unnecessary burden© upon the provi-
I dent. Let the soldier be asked whether he desired
j that the property should be guarded in this way,
| and what would be his answer? He would vote
! against any restrictions being put upon these
[ grants.
| Mr. WEBSTER replied to some of the remarks
j of the Senator from Kentucky, regarding the
; power of Congress to control the laws of descent
in relation to these grants; and added, that it ap-
j peared to him that the form most likely to be effec-
j tual in attaining the object contemplated by these
j provisions relating to bounty lands, was the form
j suggested in the amendment proposed yesterday
j by the honorable Stnator from Texas, which was,
to grant land scrip to be issued hereafter, and to be
received in payment for lands. He thought this
the simplest and best form in which bounties could
be granted.
Mr. BAGBY differed from those gentlemen who
held that the Government could not make grants
on conditions. It had been the practice of this
Government to make such conditions, in various
ways, but more especially in treaties; and he de-
sired to introduce an amendment in this bill, to
define, as far as possible, what the conditions in
this case should be. He thought the better way
to secure to those who weie fighting the battles of
the country, and to their families, the grant of the
Government, was to ingraft on this bill a provision
creating a separate and distinct estate in each
branch—a life estate to the non-commissioned offi-
cer, musician, and private, with dower to their
widows and a remainder to their children, accord-
ing to the laws of the State where the land lies.
He thought this would secure their rights more
j effectually than it could be done by postponing the
! time when the patent was to take effect.
| Mr. B. regretted that these various amendments
j should occasion so much delay in the passage of
i this bill. He thought the effect of these amend-
j ments was not clearly understood. They involved
i the general policy of the Government in respect to
; the public domain, the law of intestacy in all its
I forms, and the law of descents, besides many
: other points which could not safely be determined
! by a vote of the Senate on simply hearing an
i amendment read. He hoped this land system
j and the questions which it involved, would besep-
. arated from this bill, and that the Senate would
' take time to digest the necessary provisions on the
, subject, and put them in a form in which they will
1 stand and endure judicial investigation.
i Mr. B. then recapitulated how losses were su -
| tained by the soldiers of the Revolution and the
1 more recent war, who were the victims of sharne-
! ful devices and impositions; and he inquired if the
soldiers of the present day were more intelligent
than those of the preceding wars. If such things
could be practised upon the men of ;76, what, he „
asked, might not be done on the men of '47? He,
however, should be glad now if the Senate could
act only on the military clauses of the bill, and
leave the rest to another time, but not a long time.
He meant such time as would enable the Senate to
mature a law to protect the soldiers against specu-
lators. Let them do that first which was ripe for
action, and afterwards that which was so much
desired.
Mr. BENTON read extracts from a book, neither
the title nor contents of which were audible in the
gallery, but they were understood to be details de-
scriptive of the injuries which had been sustained
heretofore by our soldiers at the hands of specu-
lators. He then briefly again urged on the Senate
the right and necessity of protecting the soldier
against the plunderers by whom he would be ay-
sailed.
Mr. DAYTON said this was a question of much
importance, inasmuch as it was the introduction of
a new principle in this bounty land system, which
certainly ought to be, and he trusted would be,
well considered. It seemed to him that the argu- .
