1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£15
ments used overlooked the main matter provided
for by this bill. They were not now providing
bounty for past services; they were not giving: pen-
sions; they were providing a law which was to
operate as an inducement for services to come.
The object to be attained was the filling up the
ranks of the army. It was necessary, then, to
ascertain what system of legislation would best pro-
mote the value of the gift, whether with the power
of alienation, or without that power? Whether a
system of legislation which would say to a man,
you shall have the benefit of a grant of land seven
years hence, or a system of legislation which says
to him, take it now? The difference, as it seemed
to him, was exactly the same as between a pay-
ment of cash in hand, and a promise to pay in
seven years hence. They were about to call upon
the country for an enlistment of ten thousand men,
to serve, not for a campaign, but for the war, or
for five years; to meet, not the steel of the enemy
in a single battle, but to encounter the malignant
fevers of the climate of the enemy's country. They
all recollected the difficulty that was experienced
in time past in procuringinlistmcnts. Everyman
must therefore feel the necessity of giving to
these bounties all the value which legislation could
give them. He was opposed to the restrictive
provisions upon alienation, as operating against
all the soldiers who might inlist from the old
States. It was very apparent that he who resided
in the far West, having Government lands in his
neighborhood, could make them of more service to
him than a man whose home was in one of the
older States. He could conceive of no good reason
why this piovision should be inserted, and there
were many, in his judgment, tending to show that
it should not, and the principal one was, that it re-
duced the value of the gift.
Mr. ARCHER expressed his preference for the
amendment which had been proposed by the Sen-
ator from Texas. He was aware that he would j
ultimately have to give a vote upon a provision in ;
some form which it was the object of these amend- j
ments to constitute, and he desired, consequently,
before being called upon to vote for any of them, to
avow himself in favor of granting liberal bounties
to those who periled their lives in the scrvicc of
their country. One single dollar offered in the form
of money would go farther, he thought, than ten
times that amount given in the form proposed in
the amendment reported by the committee. They
would hardly find a single man who would attach
any value to a bounty in that form, when the land
was located at a great distance, and where he could
not avail himself of a title for the term of seven
years. He believed that twenty dollars in money
would avail incalculably more than this grant of
land accompanied by the proposed conditions.
What were those conditions? They were to ren-
der the grant absolutely unavailable to the grantee
for seven years. If it were not for the high respect
which he entertained for the gentlemen who had
advocated such a provision, he would consider the
opinions which had been expressed in its favor as
entirely absurd. It was tantamount to making a
gift, and at the same time declaring that the gift
should be of no manner of value.
Mr. TURNEY sent up an amendment which he
desired to offer at a suitable time.
Mr. NILES rose but to say a few words. The
whole subjcct embraced here was, how best to pro-
mote or induce inhstments by additional rewards
for military service. Now, he thought the pend-
in<r proposition would be found most inapplicable,
unwise, and unequal in its operation, while it
would squander a very large amount of the public
domain. Why was it that they had so many
schemes on this subject? Why was it that there
were so many attempts to make land grants avail-
able? Simply because the thing was not adapted
to the object. Land was not a legal tender. It
was not a currency. It was not equally valuable,
in any considerable degree, to the persons to whom
it was to be given. It was, therefore, a mode of
compensation which was unequal—necessarily, es-
sentially unequal. It might be of great value to
some, while to others it was of very little value,
and therefore, as a mode of compensation, it was
unjust. As an inducement, it might look well in
the newspapers, but in the old States, and especial-
ly in the populous towns, where these men are
mainly to be recruited, they do not want this land.
They do not value it as an equivalent in money.
But if they gave the recruit land scrip, it was
money, dollar for dollar, against the Government,
though not for the purposes intended. It would
constitute a currency, receivable at the land offices,
and it would be found, as in all cases where there
were two descriptions of currency, either of which
would answer a certain purpose, that the least val-
uable would drive out of use the most valuable.
Now, this mode of forming a currency out of the
public lands was absurd. Why not hold on to
the land ? He agreed with the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Archer,] that whatever they gave
should be in a currency which has a known value,
an equal value, and which holds out equal induce-
ments t0 all, and be equal as a matter of reward
and compensation to all. Mr. N. was therefore
opposed to this project, because it wai liable to the
objections which he had indicated. It was an at-
tempt to reward men with that which was of little
value to them, which nevertheless would involve a
great sacrifice to the Government. And why were
they led to do it? Were thev led to do it by
the lessons of experience ? Why, the military
land bounties were very different in their circum-
stances now than they were at the Revolution, and
even than they were during the last war. At the
time of the Revolution ourGovornmenthad nothing
else to give: they were obliged to resort to that
mode of compensation as the only one then within
their control. Another reason was, that the public
domain was of little value to us at that time. Cer-
tainly, during the revolutionary war, there were
no sales of public lands. No caiculatiou could
then be made of the amount of money they would
produce; hut now calculation could be made.
They knew the annual value. It had become a
settled and uniform revenue. Why should they
not take care of it then, and give the monev to
these men ? Suppose they were to offer an alter-
native say fifty dollars in money, or a quarter-
section of land; which did they suppose would be
preferred? His word for it, ninety-nine per cent.,
or in that proportion, of those who enter the service,
v/ould take the money. And were they to be told
that the land was worth more than that sum, and
that we know better than thev do what is their
interest? He concurred in pait with much that
had been said on this point, that it was not for us
to assume that men who enter our service and fi°ht
our battles are so destitute of common sense, that
they cannot take care of themselves. They can
estimate and value their services; and yet he was
satisfied, that if* fifty dollars, or less, were offered
as a bounty, with the alternative of a quarter-sec-
tion of land, the great proportion would prefer the
money. Well, then, the next question was, what
is this land worth to us? Is it not worth fifty dol-
lars, or about thirty cents an acie? It certainly
produced much more; and he was not disposed' to
dry up that source of revenue. He wished it to
be considered as the settled policy of the Govern-
ment, that it was to be recognised for all time to
come, as one of the sources of revenue to the Gov-
ernment. But in the form in which it was pro-
posed to give this land, as had already been stated
by several gentlemen, to the recruit or volunteer,
in many cases they destroyed the value of their
own grant. Why, these men weie not in a con-
dition to wait seven years. Their principle is,
" Crish in hand." A grant of land which was not
to be enjoyed for seven vear^. would present no
value to them, none at all. This mode, then, of
rewarding them was not practicable, because it
, was not equal: and yet it must necessarily lesult
| in loss to the Government, because we aie reward-
! ing them with that which is of less value to them
I than to us. He had no confidence in this scheme,
j He believed its essential object would fail. Why,
' then, should they squander the publicdomain to put
| it in the hands of speculators? He would much
! rather pay the bounty in money. And he would
i give a reasonable bounty, which would be just,
! because it would be equal.
Mr. BENTON said, that with respect to a
I bounty in money, he had to remind the Senate
! that they had already passed a bill to give a money
' bounty "to those who inlist, and he was informed
1 by the adjutant general yesterday, that since that
| act had been passed, recruiting had increased
I rapidly, and that the ranks were fast filling up;
, but as far as the money bounty was concerned, it
i was only to be given to the regulars; and as to the
! volunteers, there were some thousands—there were
i several regiments in ^Missouri and in Aikansas,
1 claiming preemption right to serve: regiments
whieh had offered and had been kept back, and
were now claiming a preemption right to go into
service. With regard to them, there was no ne-
cessity for a money bounty, and no great necessity
for a land bounty, and he apprehended that none
of them were thinking about receiving a land
bounty; that the subject which had occupied poli-
ticians for two weeks in Congress, was a subject
which had not yet entered their minds—they nad
not thought of it.
Mr. BERRIEN. What necessity is there then
for this bill?
Mr. CALHOUN rose not to detain the Senate
a moment. He simply proposed to state the
ground on which he should place his vote. He
should give his vote for that which would make
the bounty most valuable to the soldier or the vol-
unteer; and as he believed restrictions would make
it less valuable, he should vote for that which had
the least restrictions. Governed by these views,
he should vote, in the first instance, for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio; and if that suc-
ceeded, he should vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Texas.
Mr. HANNEGAN desired, in his action on this
question, to do a substantial service to the soldier.
The very proposition in its effects conveyed an
honorary distinction to those who have already
served in the army; but he desired to make it sub-
stantial at the same time; and such, he believed,
was the wish of every Senator who would vote on
this question. He could not but bear testimony
to the zeal and fervor with which the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] had urged his own favorite
proposition upon the Senate; and every gentleman
would bear witness with him that that Senator had
been animated but by one motive—a desire to
serve those that they all professed a desire to serve.
He feared, however, in common with several Sen-
ators who had expressed themselves on this sub-
ject, that the greater and stronger were the restiic- -
Hons thrown around the grant, the worse it would
be for the soldier. His object was to equalize—
in the language of the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Niles,] if he heard that Senator aiight—to
equalize this bounty from the Government to the
soldier; make each participate to the last farthing
with others in the bounty which it was intended
to c;ive them now; and, with this view of it, h®
should feel constrained, like the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. CaliiolnV] after the most mature
reflection he could give the subject, to vote against
the proposition from the Military Committee, which
proposed these hard restrictions which had been
referied to.
To the amendment of the Senator from Texas,
too, for which the Senator from South Carolina
said he was willing to vote, he had a vital objection.
Tie objected to the proviso of that Senator, [Mr.
Rusk,] which was in these words:
« Provided. That if the full term for which such person
shall have- volunteered shall not exceed one } ear, then tho
warrant to be for eighty acio.;>
He protested against all these provisoes, and for
a reason which, it seemed to him, ought to be as
powerful with the Senator from Ohio as it was
with himself—because it curtailed half the amount
of land to be given to the volunteers from Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Missouri,
Louisiana, and Mississippi, who are now m the
field. What warrant had they to believe that this
war would be protracted six months fiom this day?
What reason had they to believe that even another
blow would be struck? He was inclined to be-
lieve otherwise from what he saw. The ineffi-
ciency manifested by the head of the Mexican
army, Santa Ana, who had neglected to avail him-
self of a palpable advantage which was presented
by the extended line of our army from Parras, in
the centre, to the Gulf of Mexico, justified this
conclusion. If he had not thus failed to take the
advantage—if he had availed himself, with h.s
30,000 troops, of the opportunity to strike a blow,
it must have been an effective one. It then the
war should come to a close within a few months,
and our soldiers were disbanded they would each
receive eighty acres of land.. Yes, the men who
followed McClung and Davis m the assault of
Monterey, are to be. put off wuh e.dity acres of
Hnd The volunteers of Ohio, and Indiana, and
Illinois.—those who fought at Monterey and those
who were subject to a more formidable enemy,
disease and death, in the worst possible shape,—
were to be pat off with but eighty acres of land.
