1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Allen,] reminded him there were also Mormons.
Now, if these chaplains were appointed as pro-
posed—one to each regiment, and for it—that corps
must regard him as such. The Protestant chap-
lain will have to absolve the Catholic soldier of his
corps; the Catholic priest administer to the Pro-
testant volunteer of his regiment, though he holds
him as a heretic; the Mormon will have to receive
the religious instruction of his Methodist regimen-
tal chaplain, and so on. Mr. W. said he had no
idea of all this. He had no idea of either bringing
in military law to aid religion by force, or of sub-
jecting religion to military law in this way. The
soldiers and volunteers have rights of conscience,
as holy and sacred as those of the citizen. He be-
lieved the course proposed would lead to dissatis-
faction and disorder, and do more harm than good.
He asked Senators to reflect well before they med-
dled with this subject, as to the mode of effecting
what they desired. For his part, if the chaplains
were to be selected as proposed, he should vote
against the whole concern.
Mr. BA.GBY was in favor of giving one chaplain
to each regiment, but not to give to each §1,500.
He proposed to reduce the amount to $1,000.
Mr. SEVIER inquired if the sum to be fixed was
to include salary, rations, and all expenses ?
Mr. HANNEGAN said certainly. The sum
of $1,500 was in lieu of everything. The chap-
lain would have no rations, nor any travelling
expenses; and under any circumstances, not one
Senator would go for such compensation.
Mr. BAGBY said, if he thought there would be
any difficulty in consequence of a reduction of
salary, he would not press his amendment; but he
knew clergymen who were in the habit of receiving
for their services but $200. In every view of the
case he thought $1,000 would do.
Mr. ATCHISON said the amendment proposed
to give to each of these ten new regiments a chap-
lam; but that number would not be sufficient, as
he understood we had no such officer in any of the
other regiments, whether regulars or volunteers.
Mr. HANNEGAN. More the slmnie.
Mr. ATCHISON said he would move to make
the appointments general, by giving the President
of the United States power to appoint a chaplain
to each regiment m the service.
Mr. HANNEGAN accepted the amendment.
Mr. DAYTON said, while he favored the prop-
osition, he thought some other provision should
be made, or the chaplain would be placed in great
difficulty. He would be the only officer who
would get no rations. He would draw on the
suttler'for nothing. He must make a mess for
himself, and thus he would be involved in great
difficulty. Why ought not the chaplain to be
placed in the position of other officers? With the
permission of the Senator from Indiana, as it was
now late, and as it would take time fo systematize
this matter, he would move that the Senate now
adjourn.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered,and resulted thus—yeas 24,
nays 23.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 20, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced, as the business
first in order, the unfinished business of yesterday,
viz- the resolution reported by Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll, from the Committee on Foreign Affaiis, to
prmt five thousand extra copies of the report of the
Committee on Foieign Affairs of the last session
of Congress upon the war with Mexico.
Mr. BELL, on leave, made a personal explana-
tion in reference to a report in the Union.
The House then resumed the consideration of the
resolution reported by Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, to
print five thousand extia copies of the report of the
Committee on B'oreign Affairs of last session on
the war with Mexico.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL moved the pre-
vious question; which was seconded, and the main
question ordered to be put, viz: Will the House
agree to the resolution ? The vote was taken by
yeas and nays, and decided as follows: yeas 103,
nays 78.
So the resolution.was agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote agree-
ing to the resolution, and asked the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
was ordered to be put, viz: Will the House recon-
sider the vote agreeing to the resolution ?
The question being put, it was decided in the
negative. So the House refused to reconsider.
CHARTER OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. PAYNE asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce the following bill, of which previous notice
had been given:
A BILL to amend and continue in force the act to incorpo-
rate the inhabitants of the city of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Reprcsenutives of
the United States of J2inei~i.a in Congress au>emblcd, That every
free white male citizen ot the United State*, except persons
confined as paupers in the almshouse, lunaucs, idiots, and
others disqualified by conviction in a couit of competent
jurisdiction ot telony or other infamous crime, and who &hall
have attained the age of tv\ent)-onc years, and shaj] have
resided in the city of Washington one year immediately pie-
ceding the election, shall be entitled to vote by ballot ror
inajoi, membeis of the boaid of aldermen, of the boaid of
common council, lcgistei, collector, and surveyor, and for
every other olhcur autnouzed to be chosen at any popular
election under the above incited act, all of whom shall he le-
afier be elected by the people qualined as heiem piovided.
Sc.c. '2. finale it Juithir enacted, Th.it the mayor, board
of aldermen, and board of common council, ot ihe city or
Washington, may lovv, a.id aie hereby authonzed to l«vy5 a
poll-tax, not to exceed m amount one dollar pei annum, on
each white male citizen who may leside in the city ot Wash-
ington, to be cullcetc d and appa^d a3 other taxes.
jSec. 3. *dnd be it Jurlher enactcd, That the actor acts now
in toice incorporating the city oi Washington, hi the District
of Columbia, und pre>cribiug the duties and rights of the
same, shall continue and bt- >n lorec, with the exception of
so much thereol a& may be cuntiaiy to the piovisions of this
act.
Mr. PAYNE asked that the bill be put upon its
passage.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT moved to refer
the bill to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. PAYNE said that this was precisely the
same bill, word for woid, which had passed the
House last session, but failed in the Senate. The
purpose of the bill was to enable the people of the
Distnct to vote for membeis ot the corporation—it
was, in fact, a bill to extend the right of sulliage
within the DitUiot, and was, as he fully believed,
gieatly desired by a inojouty of the inhabitants.
As tins was the only opportunity at which the
passage of the bill could probably be secured, he
would move that it be now put on its passage, and
on that motion he asked the previous question.
And the mam question was ordered to be put,
viz: Shall the bill be engrossed and read a third
tunc ?
The bill being engrossed, was accordingly read
a third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. G. W.JONES moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the mam question
ordered to be put, viz: fcJhall this bill pass?
The vote on the passage of the bill was taken
by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Mc&sis. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Barringer,
Bayly, Bedmger, JBenton, Bigga, Jauies Black, Jaino A.
Black, Bovvdun, Bowlm, Boyd, liiockenbrou^h, Btodncud,
Milton Brown, WilliamG. Brown, Bulhngton, Burt, William
W. Campbell', Carioil, Catheait, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clnptnan, Clarke, Cobb, Co^ke,
Collin, Ciozier, Cullom, (Juiiinuiis, Daniel, De Mott,Dilling-
ham, l)ougla>&, Diomgooic, Edsall, Eikwuith, Eruniau,
Edwin H. Ewuig, Faran, FickJm, Foster, Erie.-;, Garvin,
Giles, Gordon, Gilder, Gruvei, ilamhn, Haralson, flaiman-
son, Hasting*, Henlcj, ilng<j, Hopkins, Houg.li, George
Houston, Hungeitord, J.unes B. Hunt. Hunter, ChaiJe  J.
Ingeisoil. Joseph 11. ingei&oll, Jenkins, James 11. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andiew Johnson, Ceoigo W. Jonen, tiea-
boin Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Lawience,Leake, LelHer,
Leib, La tteie, Long, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean. Mc-
Clelland, McCleinand, MeDaniei, Jo-cph J. MeDuwul,
McGaughe), iMclvay, John P. Martin, Barkiey Mai tin, Mor-
ns, Moise, Moulton, Noms, l'arueh, Payne, Peirill, Periy,
Phelps, Pilisbuiy, Pollock, Kathbun, lteid, Keife, Ritter,
Roberts, Runk, Ruseell, Savvtclle, Bavvyoi, Seammon,
Alexander D. ?iit)>, Leonard H. Suns, Simpson, Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, llobeit Smith, Starkweather,
St. John, Thonia-sson, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Thuunan, Tibbatts, Towns, Tiudway,Ti umbo, W^ntwoitii,
Whcaton, Wick, Williams Wiimot, Wood, Woodwaid,
Woodworth, Young, and Yoit—136.
  NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Cranston,
Culver, Doekery, John II Ewmg, Foot, Giddings, Gunnell,
Hale, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D.
Hubbard,-Hudson, Darnel P. King, Levin, Lewis, Mc-
Hemy, Marsh, Moselev, Pendleton, Ripley, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Seaman, Truman Smith, Strohm,
Benjamin Thompson, Vance, Vinton, Winthrop, and
Woodruff—33.
So the bill was passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House wheth-
er any, and if any, which of the Representatives
named in the list annexed, have held any office or
offices under the United States since the commence?
ment of the 29th Congress; designating the office
of offices held by each, and whether the same axe
now so held; and indicating in said information
the names of all who are now serving in the army
of the United States as officers, and receiving pay
as such, and when and by whom they were com-
missioned.
Annexed to this resolution is a list of the mem*
bers of the House of Representatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of the revolutionary and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30th June,
1848; and
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June,1848. •
Which bills were read a first and second time,
and commuted to the Committee of the Whole
j House on the state of the Union.
I On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill to authorize
| the issue of treasury notes, a loan, und for other
: purposes, was made the special order for to-mor-
! row, and to continue so until disposed of.
j Mr. HUNGERFORD asked and obtained leave
j to introduce a bill, of which previous notice had
f been given, to provide for the deposite of all
I moneys received from customs and the public
lands into the ticasury, and for the payment of all
I persons engaged m collecting the same from the
j treasury, and for other purposes; which bill was
: referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
On motion of Mr. NORRIS,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be discharged from the consideration of the
memorials of Peter King, trustee of Mary White-
, side, executiix of Peter Whiteside, and of Richard
j M. Thomas, Annette M. Farland, and Theresa
i M. Downing, heirs at law of James J. Miller, de-
ceased, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of David Thomas;
which was read and committed.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Nathaniel Cox, deceased, for-
merly navy agent at New Orleans; which was read
and committed.
Mr. TIBBATTS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill in relation to anchors and
other safeguards for steamboats; which was read
and committed.
Mr. RELFE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to establish
a new land district in the northern part of Michi-
gan and for other purposes, reported an amenda-
tory bill; which was committed to the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mi. R., from the same committee, reported a
bill authorizing the city of Dubuque, in Iowa, to
preempt certain islands in the Mississippi river,
near the &aid city of Dubuque; which bill was
twicc read, and ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The bill being engrossed, was accordingly read
a third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill,
and being put, it was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RELFE presented the memorial of the
Legislature of'the State of Missouri, in favor of
the passage of a bill now pending before Congress
for reclaiming: inundated lands in the State of Mis-
souri and Arkansas; which was committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, to which was referred the bill
from the Senate entitled "An act declaring the
assent of Congress to certain States to impose a
tax on all lands hereafter sold by the United States
therein, from and after the day of such sale," re-
ported the same without amendment.
The said bill was then read a third time and
