218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was discharged from the
consideration of the memorial of " the Protestant
University of the United States" in the State of
Ohio, and it was laid on the table.
Mr. BLANCHARD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of tlie
heirs of Archibald Laughrey, deceased.
The bill was read ana committed.
Mr. JOHN G. CHAPMAN, from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, reported a bill
further to extend the charter of the Union Bank of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia; which
bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to establish a court at Key
"West, m the State of Florida; which was twice read
and committed.
Mr. MILTON BROWN, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
John P. Skinner and the legal representatives of
Isaac Green, deceased; which bill was twice read
and committed.
Mr. GRTDER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
"Nancy Haggard, daughter of William Grimes;
which bill was twice read and committed.
Mr. GRtDER, on behalf of the minority of the
same committee, made a report on the claims of
George Brent, deceased, accompanied by a bill.
The bill was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims was dischar-
ged from the consideration of the petition of citi-
zens of Livingston county. New York, for interest
on commutation pay to Major Moses Van Campen,
and the petition was laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, reported the following resolution,
which was read, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of the several
Departments be, and they are hereby, required to
furnish the Committee on Public Expenditures
such accounts, items of accounts, and information
as the said committee may deem necessary to enable
them to discharge their duties in conformity to the
rules of this House.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Fred-
erick Durrine; which was twice read, and com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. PIAPiALSON, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
consideration of the petition of citizens of Dover,
New Hampshire, asking Congress to terminate
the war with .Mexico; and the petition was laid on
the table.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the
settlement of the claims of the State of New Hamp-
shire against the United States, reported the same
hack to the House without amendment. The bill '
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, leported a bill for the relief of Samuel I
Graves. The bill was twice read, and committed, j
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief ,
of Stephen Champliu. The bill was twice read,
and committed.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, from the Committee ■
on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of j
Joseph Bryan. The bill was read twice, and com- '
mined. I
Mr. K., from the same committee, reported a bill 1
for the relief of James Jones; which bill was twice .
read. I
Mr. SEAMAN asked that the bill be put upon
its passage. i
Mr. HOPKINS moved to commit the bill, 1
The question was put on committing the bill to j
a Committee of the Whole, and rejected.
The lull was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
The bill, beina: engrossed, was accordingly read
a thud time, and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill authorizing the Secretary
of the Na\y to cause experiments to be made to
test the efficient properties of a liquid lire discov-
ered by Uriah Brown, The bill was twice read,
and committed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill making further :
provision for the expenses attending the intercourse
between the United States and foreign nations.
The bill was twice read, and committed.
On motion of Mi*. C. J. INGERSOLL, the said
bill was made the special order for the first Mon-
day in February next.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which was referred the bill establishing
the Territorial government of Minesota, reported
the same back to the House with an amendatory
bill. The bill was twice read, and committed.
Mr. D., from the same committee, reported the
following resolution, which was read and agreed
to, two-thirds voting in favor thereof:
Resolved, That the second Tuesday,Wednesday,
and Thursday, in Februaiy, be set apart for the
consideration of Territorial business.
Mr. ATKINSON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the
cases of Jane DeGralT, widow of Lieutenant Mi-
chael DeGraff, and of the heirs of Thomas Reed,
deceased; which were laid on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the same committee,
reported a bill making compensation to pension
agents for their services. The bill was twice read,
and committed.
Mr. B., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bill providing compensation to
pension agents, reported the same back to the
House, with the recommendation that it do not
pass. The bill was committed.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the same committee,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of the
heirs of John Ferguson, of Ada Smith, widow of
James Smith, and of Hannah Stevenson, widow
of Frederick P. Stevenson; which reports were laid
on the tabic.
Mr. CROZIER, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of Elizabeth Paine,
and Katrina Mickle, widow of George Mickle, de-
ceased; which were laid on the table.
Mr. TRUMBO, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Polly Thomas;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill to piovide for the
improvement of the Mississippi and other rivers.
Read and committed.
Mr. WENTWORTH proposed to amend the
bill reported by his colleague [Mr. Smith] for im-
proving certain riveis, by adding—
For improving the Illinois river, in the State of
Illinois, $100,000.
For improving the Hudson river, in the State of
New York, $100,000. <
For improving the St. Clair Flats, in the river
St. Clair, m the State of Michigan, ^100,000.
Mr. "VV. asked that his amendment be printed
with the bill.
The amendment was committed, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the same com-
mittee, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That House hill No. 1G1, to grant to
the State of Illinois a risrht of way through the
public lands of the United States, and for other
purposes, to aid in the construction of the North-
ern Cross Railroad; also House bill No. 69, rela-
tive to the construction of a railroad leading from
Jackson, through Brandon, to the western bound-
ary of Alabama; and bill No. 205, granting lands
to the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Mis-
souri, for completing the Cumberland road in said
States, be made the spccial order of the day for
Monday, the 1st of February next; and that they
be taken up in the order in which they stand on
the calendar, and be continued from day to day
unfil disposed of.
The question was put on agreeing to the resolu-
tion; and it was decided in the negative. So the
resolution was rejected.
Mr.McDANlSL, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which had been referred the bill to
authorize the Secretary of War to direct a compe-
tent officer of the engineer corps to make certain
reconnoissances therein named, reported the same
back to the House without amendment.
Mr. McDANIEL asked that the bill be put
upon its passage.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to lay the bill on the
table; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEDDON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to refund to the heirs of
Thomas Cooper a fine imposed under the sedition
law. The bill was twice read, and committed.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the widow and heirs of Fran§ois Gramil-
lion, deceased. The bill was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. D. P. KING, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution, which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the envelopes and wrapping-paper
(except that used in the folding-room) hereafter
furnished members of the House, be charged to
their respective stationery accounts at the original
cost.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Joint Committee
on the Library, reported a bill authorizing the pur-
chase and publication of the papers and manu-
scripts of the late Thomas Jefferson. The bill was
read twice and committed.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of John
and Charles Bruce; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the joint resolution
be engrossed and read a third time.
And the question being put, it was decided in
the affirmative.
The resolution being engrossed, was according-
ly read a third time and passed.
Mr. HENLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Calvin Emmons. The
bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. HENLEY, fiom the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the bill No. 442, in addition to
an amendment of the several acts to promote the
progress of the useful arts, be made the special
order of the day for the sccond Monday of Febru-
ary next, at two o'clock, p. m.
The resolution being read, the question on agree-
ing to the same was taken by yeas and nays, and
there were in favor of it 91, against it 66. So the
resolution was not agreed to, two-thirds not voting
thereof in favor thereof.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve
iteelf into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of enabling the few remain-
ing committees to report.
The question was put on the motion to suspend,
and it was decided in the negative. So the motion
to suspend the rules was rejected.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. .
The House resolved itself into Committee of th®
Whole, (Mr. Cob? in the chair,) and took up the
bill making appropriations for current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, &c.
The committee immediately rose, and the chair-
man reported the bill to the House.
The question was then put, Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time?
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON moved the pre-
vious question, which, was seconded, and the main
question ordered to be put, viz: Shall the bill be
engrossed and read a child time? and it was deci-
ded in the affirmative.
The bill being engrossed, was accordingly read
a third time.
The question then recurred, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. HAMLIN moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question order-
ed to be put, viz: Shall the bill pass? and it was
!, decided in the affirmative.
ii So the bill was passed, and sent to the Senate
!' for concurrence. *
i; THE CONSULAR SYSTEM,
i! Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL, from theselectcom-
! mittee to whom was referred the letter of the Sec-
; i retary of State on the revision of the consular sys-
, j tem of the United States, reported bills to revise the
consular system of the United States, and to carry
into effect certain provisions in the treaties be-
•i tween the United States and China and the Sub-
i! lime Porte; which bills were read twice, and com-
!! mitted.
lj NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
'' On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House again
!' resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
j Ficxujt in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
,j sideration of the bill making appropriations for the
i! naval service for the year ending June 30, 1848.
