220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
mentality of treasury notes and loans, provided
they could be obtained. He was anxious, there-
fore, to ascertain, if possible, from facts known to
the departments, whether the effects of this sub-
treasury law were such as would, if persisted in,
not only prevent the Government from obtaining
loans, but at the same time whether it would place
them in a condition to carry on the war even with
treasury notes, until the time for the next meeting
of Congress. This, he supposed, was something
like the object contemplated by the honorable Sen-
ator in making his inquiry. The Secretary of the
Treasury had told the Senate, in a report made by
him, that it was very doubtful whether he had a
right to buy bills of exchange for transmission to
the army in Mexico. Well, it was very evident
that, under the sub-treasury system, he could not
use bills of exchange unless he violated the pro-
visions of the law, but he must remit specie, upon I
which the Government would have to pay freight- !
age, insurance, commission, &.C., whilst, if he could i
buy bills of exchange from the banks or from indi- '
viduals, it could be done at a very trifling expense, j
He was desirous of obtaining the information
sought for by his friend from Maryland; he would
suggest to him, however, whether it would not be
better to amend his resolution by striking out the
Secretary of the Treasury, and addressing the in-
quiry to the President of the United Slates, He
did not now propose to enter into an examination
of the subject of treasury notes; that question
would come up in another shape. It appeared,
however, that they were to be tiie resort of the
Government; that they were to be the medium
through which funds were to be raised; and that
these treasury notes were to become a circulating J
medium. But he would let ail that pass for the]
present. He would be glad if his honorable friend i
would agiee to strike out the second part of his I
resolution: that part which asked the Secretary
what was his opinion regaidmg the operation of;;
the sub-treasury act. He wished him to do this, jj
because he was generally opposed to asking of the \
heads of departments what they thought as to the !
operation and effect of laws when that effect might ;
be as well judged of by themselves. Rut in this i
case it seemed especially proper that the latter part j
of this inquiry should be erased, for they aiieady I
knew, by the Secretary's own repoit, as well as j
by the declaration of the President m his annual
message, that it was not intended to modify the
sub-treasury act in any of its essential princi-
ples.
The President told them that the Secretary of
the Treasury would communicate some modifica-
tion of the law, not vatying the principle, but the
details only; and the Secretary, in his report on
finance, at the opening of the session, asked them
to provide ways and means for furnishing salaries
for the officers who were to cairy into effect the
sub-treasury law. But there was no intimation of
an intention to repeal, or in any manner to change
the specie clause of that act. All that was required
was, that the Government should be enabled to
buy bills of exchange, while the business of the s
Government was to be carried on upon a specie !
basis. He did not, therefore,desiie to ask whether : i
the law should be altered, for they had been already ij
told; the only inquiry necessary was as to the effect i
of that law upon negotiating a loan. They were '
not asked to take out of the sub-treasury act the >i
provision which stood in the, way of procuring |
a loan, and it was his desire, therefore, to be in- u
formed how, without removing that obstacle, a
loan was to be procured. The reason, then, why i
he wished his friend from Maryland to erase this
part of his inquiry'was this, that everybody who j!
wos at all conversant with the business of the '!
country knew that, with the sub-tieasury act in
operation, it was impossible for the Government ||
to obtain a loan. He did not wish to delav the !j
orders of the day for the purpose of enlarging upon i:
these topics. A more suitable opportunity would ]■
be afforded hereafter; ond he would only add, that ,j
as the honorable Senator proposed entering upon !j
this inquiry, he could have wished that it had been i I
extended, by calling on other heads of departments 1!
in addition to the President in reference to the first j!
part of the inquiry; for he believed the transmis- l]
sion of funds had not been the act of the Secretary |
of the Treasury, but of the Secretary of War. As 'j
to the latter part of the inquiry, however, they all '
knew, that whatever the opinion of the Secretary
of the Treasury might be, with the sub-treasury
act in operation as it now stood, a loan could not
be obtained.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said he had no
objection to adopt the suggestions of the honorable
Senator from Connecticut. The purpose he had
in view in offering this resolution, was to ascertain
by the facts, first, whether the provisions of the
sub-treasury act, as it was termed, had been ob-
served, and the expense which had attended their
observance; and, secondly, what was the opinion
of the officer at the head of the financial depart-
ment of the Government now in regard to the effect
of that act upon the credit of the Government, and
whether that opinion differed from the opinion he
entertained at the time when he made his report
to Congress. And he thought it was evident that
the whole object, of the first part of his resolution
would be accomplished by confining his inquiry to
the Secretary of the Treasury. He was perfectly
willing, however, as the Senator from Connecticut
desired it, that the second part should be with- :
drawn.
It was withdrawn accordingly.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the special order.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. When will that resolution
come up again ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To-morrow.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved to proceed to the special
order, which was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the consid-
eiation of the bill from the House to raise for a
limited time an additional military force, and for
other purposes.
The question pending was upon the amendment
of Mr. Hannegan, providing for the appointment
by the President of the United States, by and with
the advice arid consent of the Senate, of a chap-
lain to each of the regiments, who should receivc
the pay and emoluments of a major of dragoons.
Mr. BERRIEN said he had understood the i
Senator from Indiana to have accepted a modifica- 1
tion of his amendment, so as to make it the pay
and emoluments of a captain of cavalry.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he had done so with-
out having sufficient information on the subject. !
I He had to-day received from a proper source a (
| statement of the pay of a captain and a major. ;
! Mr. H. then stated the various items which went!
j to make the aggregate of pay. Deducting the ]
1 items of hoises, forage, and servants, for which a !
| chaplain would have no use, the pay of a major of ;
! dragoons would only give about §1100. He pro- !
! posed, therefore, that his amendment should retain
that iorrn. i
Mr. BERRIEN. Did he understand the Sena- I
tor from Indiana as slating that he intended to give [
the full pay and allowances of a major of dragoons j
to the chaplain? He desired to be informed |
whether the allowances for horses, forage, and i
senants, would not be given, if the hoises and ser- '
vants were not kept? Was this the undeistanding
of the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. HANNEGAN. Such is my understand-
ing.
Mr. BERRIEN expressed a wish to be inform-
ed on this ponit by some one who was acquainted
with tiie fact.
Mr. DIX. The Senator from Indiana wished
to know what were the pay and emoluments of a
major of dragoons. He (Mr. D.) had staled to
lnui that it was about $2100. He thought that was ;
about the amount. Iti reply to the question of the !
Senator from Georgia, the horses and servants -
must be kept, or pay is not allowed for them. ;
On motion ol Mr. SEVIER, the amendment!
« as read. j
Mr. BAGBY moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the word " major," and inserting
•'captain." He wished to have chaplains ap-
pointed, but he was not disposed to pay them ex- !
travagantiy. !l
Mr. BilEESE read from the Army Register a i
statement of the pay and allowances of a major and i
a captain of cavalry; also from the Navy Register 1
the pay of a chaplain of the navy. !
Mr. CASS stated that as he understood the I
practice, horses were only paid for when actually 'i
kept. And when quarters and fuel were found by j
the Government, no allowance was made for them. , j
This was the case when officeis were at home. !i
But when they were in the field, living in tents, j
Government found them no quarters, and they ii
were entitled to the allowance; and if they had
horses, they stood the officers in more than eio-ht
dollars per month. Sometimes they die; and the
officer cannot draw the allowance unless he has
the horses. So it is with servants. On the whole
the compensation put less in the pocket of the offi-
cer than the expense of keeping the horses.
Mr. SEVIER had no wish to delay the bill
He regretted that the bounty land clause had beeti
introduced. And he regretted that this amendment
was offered. As to the employment of chaplains,
he had some doubt of its expediency. He would
ask the Senator from New York how many were
employed during the last war?
Mr. DIX said he had fiot the Army Register of
that period at hand. But he believed that author-
ity was given to the President to appoint one for
} each brigade. He understood that seven were
appointed. The compensation allowed them was
that of a major of infantry.
Mr. BERRIEN. What is the amount?
Mr. DIX. He supposed about fifteen hundred
dollars.
Mr. SEYIER said, should this amendment be
adopted, he supposed it would embrace all the
troops in service. How many would this amount
to? He supposed fifty, fA voice—"fifty-two!"]
Fifty-two, and the pay for these would increase
the expenditure seventy-five thousand dollars.'
What are we going to make this great expenditure
for ? Had it not been charged, front high authority,
that this war is a war of races—of religion? And
were we to send a supply of Protestant ministers to
the army to give a sanction to that calumny?
The number employed in the last war were found
to be amply sufficient. What had the chaplain to
do ? Was he to preach to the troops every Sab-
bath, and hold morning and evening prayers, in
all circumstances, and at all times? Was this to
constitute his regular and invariable duty ? He
would call on Senators to reflect on the impracti-
cability of carrying this out in the presence of an
enemy, and during the march of troops. As for
himself, he had no particular church. But he had
been brought up in the Methodist church, which
went for good works. So did he—in theory! [A
laugh.] Well, his minister preached every Sab-
bath, and prayed morning and night for a hun-
dred dollars a year. If married, he was allowed
two hundred dollars. He would agree to supply
the whole army with chaplains from'his own State
at two hundred dollars a year. [A laugh.] Where
the supply was so abundant, he saw no necessity
j for extravagant pay. The whole amendment
' seemed to him to be a useless expenditure of
J money. The Constitution declared that Congress
' should not interfere in matters of religion, and
would they now go to legislating as to which de-
nomination the chaplains should be selected from ?
Some of the soldiers believed in one sect, some in
t another. Would they compel any of them to
1 hear sermons when they did not believe a word of
I them ? He would have each regiment appoint
j their own chaplains. He had heard of a sect
which turned out the best sort of democrats and
' the best soldiers, and they fought for nothing and
; preached for nothing. He had known a minister
| who preached the year round and never got a sin-
j gle cent. That was the practice in the pure days
, of the Church. Her ministers lived up to this
! standard ®f doctrine. Should this war go on, the
; expenditures would be burdensome enough. He
' should fee! it to be his duty to reduce them to the
] lowest point. He would, therefore, move to pay
1 these chaplains a lower salary, and let the regi-
ments choose their own chaplains. But he would
not consent that a chaplain should be brought
fiom Rhode Island to preach to the Arkansas
troops, or a chaplain from Vermont to preach to
the Kentucky troops. He thought this should
not be. If chaplains must be had, let the regi-
ments appoint their own. Let them select men
they know, who will understand when it is their
duty to preach, and when the troops will be able
and disposed to listen. The battle of New Or-
leans was fought on Sunday. Would we have
had a chaplain step forward, as the troops were
moving to the fight, and stop the whole army, in
order to hear him preach? He moved to reduce
the pay to five hundred dollars and one ration.
Mr. SIMMONS supposed the question of com-
pensation was not the main question with the Sen-
ator from Arkansas. That Senator had alluded to
him as belonging to the Baptist persuasion, and as
