1847.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he had done so he would say that the Baptists of
his State had always enjoyed an enviable reputa-
tion for tolerance. [Mr. Sevier: So they have
in mine.] He never heard the Baptists object to
hearing the preachers of other denominations.
Such objection generally came from those who had
no piety at all. They were the most sensitively
alive to the rights of conscience. But with the
pious of all denominations—with the good men
amongst them, there was none of this intolerance
towards other denominations.
Mr. HANNEGrAN said he was not disposed to
squabble about the compensation to be allowed to
these officers. He had committed to paper an ad-
ditional clause to insert in his proposition, (but he
should now destroy it,) to give the pay and emol-
uments of a major of dragoons, with the exception
that they be allowed but one servant and one horse.
The question of compensation dwindled to nothing
before the great question which then occupied their
attention.
Gentlemen might treat this subject lightly, and
they might feel lightly, sitting there in health and
security, conscious for the moment that there was
no impending danger near—no pestilence or dis-
ease hoverins; around them, and no hostile musket
directed against them. It was human nature to
look at the consolations of religion as trifling till
the approach of some serious moment. Then the
stoutest and the bravest of them, if they had time
for reflection, loved to reflect on ihese things. He
did not want to send chayil&ins to Mexico who
would go fiom a love of lucre. Heaven forbid !
He only wanted to send those who would go with-
out purse and without scrip—who would go for the
sole motive of affording needed consolation to the
sick, the wounded, and the dying soldier. The
Senator from Arkansas knew well the character of
those men who had gone to the field of strife from
his own State—he knew the character of those
who had gone from other States; and he (Mr. H.)
hazarded the assertion, in all that host—in all that
array—that there were not five at that hour—not
five out of twenty thousand volunteers, who were
not taughtby their mothers, when hoys, upon their
lcnces, to say their prayers. And he hazarded the
assertion, that there was not one who did not re-
member it. What was a pecuniary consideration,
when it was proposed to afford the consolations of
religion to such men in their last and trying hours?
He had said yesterday—and he regretted to repeat
it—thatscenes of the most disgraceful and desperate
character had transpired in the midst of the army.
Yes, murders, assassinations, ravishments, had
stained the arms of their country. He spoke on
the authority of Commodore Perry, who recently
passed through this city: m ail the G-ulf squadron—
he blushed to say it—there was not a single chap-
lain. The same individual declared that not one
officer tended so much to preserve order and sub-
ordination as a chaplain. It was a national shame
for them—professing to be a Christian nation—
to send forth their armies and navies unattended
by chaplains. He asked chaplains for those sol-
diers. as he, would have thanked any man to do for
him, had he been in the soldier's place.
Mr. H. knew that a proposition of this kind—
and therefore it was that he had hesitated to offer
it—was likely to Jxpose him to the charge of
demagoguism; bnt he assured the Senate that his
motives were not liable to such an imputation.
The Senator ft-om Arkansas had told them that
preachers in his part of the country received $100
a year if single, and $200 if married. But that
Senator had omitted to say that those preachers
were supported by their parishioners—if he might
so call them—who contributed every mouthful of
food for their preachers and their families, and
almost everything else that they required. But
the question of expense—the amount of compen-
sation—had nothing to do with this greatquestion.
And so far as doctrines were concerned, he believed
that the Bible had but one great doctrine. It con-
tained but the great doctrine of the existence of
a Supreme Being, who sent his feon on earth to
redeem mankind. It contained nothing else. As
to controversial theology—as to the idea ot sending
controversialists, whether Baptists, Methodists,
Presbyterians, or Mormons—no one ever dreamed
of such a thing' but the Senator from Arkansas
himself." All he desired was that they should send
preachers of the one great? doctrine of the Bible.
Nothing else.
Mr. BENTON was very sure of the fact that
I
chaplams*were allowed to the navy. Experience,
however, had shown the expediency of dispensing
with them in the army. Experience should decide
the question. But some ten or a dozen years ago
he had brought in a proposition for the appoint-
ment of a limited number of post chaplains m our
army. There were fourteen of them so introduced,
who discharged the duty of teachers of the chil-
dren at the military posts, and had thus been found
very useful, and of essential advantage.
But where were they, and. what were they
doing? They had an application from the Presi-
dent for additions to the army. The President
asked and the House had passed the bill, which
had lain here for two weeks. Why had it been
delayed ? The trouble was, that extraneous mat-
ter had been introduced into the bill. The Presi-
dent-asked for bread, and they were giving him a
stone—a stone heavy enough to sink him. It was
a millstone which would sink fifteen millions of
dollais. But he would make one more attempt to
expedite this business. He should, therefore, op-
pose the proposition, and would move that tho bill
be recommitted to the committee with instructions
to strike out everything which did not relate to the
raising and the military organization of the ten
regiments proposed to be raised. On that question
he asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. R. JOHNSON inquiied if the Senator from
Missouri included in his motion bounty land in
every form ?
Mr. BENTON. Precisely, sir. But let it be
understood that I have introduced a bill, which
now lies on the table, to accomplish that object.
The House, too, is occupied with a similar propo-
sition, and yet the army bill was to be borne down
and clogged with such propositions.
Mr. ATCHISON said he could not vote for the
motion made by his colleague, for the reason that
| he was opposed to the bill as it was reported from
| the Committee on Military Affairs, and to vote for
I yns motion would be virtually to vote for that bill,
j He was opposed to this increase of the regular
! army of the United States, not only of ten regi-
■ ments, but of even one regiment. He had not heard
any argument or anything t^khfcw why volunteer
soluieis were not us crficienras the regular sol-
diers, who enlisted for the war. He was opposed
to this increase of the regular army, although by
the terms of this bill these regiments were to be
disbanded at the end of the war, because he did
not believe, constituted as Congress was, that it
could be done. He had arrived at this conclusion
both from what he saw and heard. The army of
the United States, small as it now is, has an undue
influence on the legislation of the country, so far
as that army is conerned. Then by this increase
of regiments they would increase the officers by
four hundred, and those officers of course are to
be appointed by the President of the United States.
Well, and how are appointments usually made?
I By the recommendation of members of Congress;
j and they do not confine themselves to the quahfi-
< cations of the persons they recommend. The iir^t
: object is to get relations—sons, nephews, cousins,
• and friends of members of Congress, appointed to
these offices. And what is done here is done, he
supposed, in all governments. It is done here in
both army and navy. This, then, was the first
thing done. The qualifications of relations and
| friends were pressed on the President of the Uni-
' ted States by members of Congress, and of course
j they receive the appointments. Now he would
; have this understood by all.
! Well, the ten regiments are raised; and being
' raised, ample reasons would afterwards be found
i foi' not disbanding them. There would be an en-
1 larged frontier by the annexation of Texas. There
would also be the Territory of Oregon, as another
reason why a larger force should be retained. And
if we acquired California, and all of Northern
Mexico, our frontier would be still further increas-
ed, and thus the reasons would be deemed ample.
For these, and other reasons, he was opposed to
this motion.
Mr. ALLEN objected to the motion of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] for many
reasons. He objected because, when the commit-
tee shall report back the bill, he was of opinion
that it would be in order for any Senator to pro-
pose the same matter as that which the committee
might strike out, or matter that would be equiva-
lent, and likewise any other amendment.
The PRESIDENT said that would undoubtedly
be so.
Mr. ALLEN. That being the case, unless they
could have a unanimous vote on the motion, they
should be but performing one more round of the
circle, and they should come here to-morrow, and
be precisely where they were to-day, for then any
Senator could rise, offer the same matter, produce
the same difficulty, and subject the Senate to the
same embarrassment.
Mr. BENTON withdrew his motion.
The question again recurred on the motion of the
Senator from Alabama, (Mr. Bagby.)
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested that a blank
should be left in the amendment for the sum,
which would enable Senators each to make propo-
sitions, and they could vote on all, beginning with
the largest amount.
Mr. BAGBY, to obviate all difficulty, agreed to
strike out from his amendment the words " major
of dragoons," so as to leave not only the sum
blank, but the mode of computing it.
Mr. SEVIER then moved to insert "five hun-
dred dollars a year, payable quarterly, and one
ration."
[A Senator: And a horse.]
Mr. SEVIER. How much will that be ? Well,
I will give him a horse.
Mr. CASS suggested that the remuneration
should be the same as was now paid to chaplains
at post; he thought the law railed them teachers,
and they were paid two hundred dollars.
Mr. BENTON said he found twenty-two chap-
lains were allowed in the navy.
Mr. DAYTON hoped the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] would
prevail, and that the vote would be taken on the
various propositions, beginning with the highest.
He should desire to have tho compensation fixed
at the sum paid to chaplains in the navy, with for-
age for a horse.
"Mr. HANNEGAN. Will you not allow him
a servant?
Mr. DAYTON. Certainly. He did not think
it right in them to ask a chaplain to go out on pay
less than the lowest commissioned officer in the
service; less, certainly, than a junior lieutenant in
the service. Now, it seemed to him that it would
deprive them, to some extent, of a certain class of
men whose services were to bo desired. He wish-
ed adequate compensation to be paid, though not
so much as would make the office a matter to ex-
cite the attention of the unworthy. He begged
leave, therefore, in lieu of the amendment of the
Senator from Arkansas, to suggest that these chap-
lains should be paid the compensation that was al-
lowed to chaplains in the navy, together with forage
for a horse and allowance for a servant.
Mr. COLQJJITT desired the army to be sup-
plied with pious ministers of the Gospel, who
should give consolation to, the sick and the dying,
and instruction to all. Tiie great difficulty in the
navy had been, that the office had been made one
to be sought after. Individuals had obtained it as
an easy situation, and not as conscientious servants
of their Divine Master.
Now, as the different churches desired to send
out their missionaries to the ends of the earth, he
felt the very best course which they could adopt
would be for them to make an allowance of rations
for chaplains, and then lcme the churches to sup-
ply and support the chaplains. They would then
have men more suitable to discharge the solemn
1 duties of the office—not men who desired easy
' situations, and went for emolument; but men who
I would go and preach to those between whom and
I eternity there was but a plank, as if they realized
| the responsibility they incurred. He believed, also,
i that they would get better ministers by making the
j compensation at alow rate, as had been suggested
I by the gentleman from Arkansas. They-would
| then have men who did not go for honor 01 emolu-
1 ment, but from a love of the Redeemer's cause and
j the souls of men.
i| Mr. CRITTENDEN said he hoped no time
would be lost on this question. He thought they
(' ought to lose no time on this question ot emolu-
i| ment. It was incumbent on them as a Christian
;j people to provide the officers of religion, but he
■I desired to give only just as much compensation as
i: would secure the officers and afford no motive to
i! seek the appointments but motives of piety alone.
' i He could not imagine that it would be necessary
l| to provide servants for these chaplains. The
