1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the election of officers which had been alluded to,
he would express his views on another appropri-
ate occasion.
Mr. R. JOHNSON pointed out some verbal
amendments that were necessary to make the pro-
position of the Senator from Arkansas apply only
to the volunteers.
A brief conversation on the subject of the ne-
cessary correction ensued between Mr, SEVIER,
Mr. SIMMONS, Mr. BERRIEN, Mr. DAT-
TON, and Mr. R. JOHNSON.
Mr. BUTLER then inquired how the regiments
that were now in Mexico were to elect their chap-
lains? Were they to elect from amongst them-
selves, or from the State of Arkansas, or where ? He
thought this democratic feature of electing chap-
lains was one of the most mischievous that had
come under discussion. He was opposed to any-
thing like it. _ It was well known that some of the
best soldiers in the army were Irish Catholics, and
what would ue the effect of a canvass in the regi-
ments for the chaplaincy on them? It would elicit
scorn and contempt. He protested against every-
thing of the sort. He was willing to leave it to
the President of the United States to make the ap-
pointments to this very important office—which
was the most delicate appointment that could be
made by any human being. They ought to have
men to officiate in that sacred office who could lift
themselves above the sectarian piejudices of the
time; and they should be men who would go forth
with the sanction of an appointment by the Presi-
dent of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to: Yeas 2^, nays
18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Berrien, Bright. Chalmers, John M. Clayton,
Colquitt, Coj win, Dayton, Dix, Houston, Jdrnagin, More-
head, Niles, Sevier, Speight, Turney, Upham, and West-
cott—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Butler, Cameron, Thos.
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Evans, H.mnegan, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Phelps,
Simmons, Sturgeon, Webster, and Woodbridge—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Some verbal corrections were then made on the
suggestion of Mr. Sevier.
Mr. CLAYTON feared that they were, by these
provisions, coming in contact with the Constitu-
tion. • %
Mr. BERRIEN, Mr. WEBSTER, and Mr.
BADGER, briefly explained.
The amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Hanneg\n,] as amended, was then agreed
to: Yeas 38, nays 4.
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton,
Badger, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Breese, Butler, Cdmeion,
Ca;>s, Chalmers, John M. Clayton, Colquitt, Coiwin, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Dayton, Dtx, Greene, Hanne^au, Houston,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Simmons,
Speight, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, Woodbridge, and
Yulee—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Niles, Sevier, Turney, and Westcott—4.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to,
and is as follows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That there shall be a
chaplain to each of the regiments in the volunteer force and
the army of the United States who shall eacn it;eeive one
thousand dollars per annum, payable monthly, with foiage
for one horse, and two rations: Provided, That each regi-
ment of the volunteer force shall elect its own chaplain
Mr. HOUSTON then offered the following-
amendment:
Section one, line four,after the word "organized," insert
" an auxiliary volunteer corps.'''
Section one, line five, aftei the word '•Mexico," insert
Si to consist of."
Section one, line ten, after the word "laws," insert "and
the provisions of this act."
Section one, strike out the provi>o, and, m lieu thereof,
insert "Provided, That the volunteers composing the com-
panies of the respective legiments aforesaid shall elect their
company officers as soon as'the said companies shall he filled;
and the said olTicersshall theieupon bo appointed in the same
manner as hereinafter piovided for the appointment of the
field officers. And the company officers and men of the said
regiments, respectively, shall elect the field officers thereof
as &0011 as all the companies of each leeiment shall have
reached their place of rendezvous. And whenever the afore-
said elections of company and field officers shall have been
certified to the Piesidcrit, eonfonnably to such regulations
as he shall make, he shall commission the said odicers so
elected. When vacancies occur in the said regiments they
shall be filled accoiding to grade ; and wheie there is no
oflicei of inferior grade to the vacancy in the company 4n
which it occurs, the same shall he supplied by election and
appointment from the rank and file, m the mannei hereto-
tore prescribed."
Section two, line two, strike out the word "inlistment,"'
and insert " seivice."
Section two, line three, strike out the words " to be re-
cruited," and insert " who shall volunteer."
Add the following sections: j sity of the property qualification. It was in these
" Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the colonel of i words: "Be it enacted," &c.—[Mr, P. here lead
i'S'i'i1'?,"stl?" iW "V"'e regiinc-nuil staff: a.,d Siud ^ the section of the bill.] That was the law which
stall shall consist of one adjutant, one auaitermasl^r. one • . i • « . . * ^
commissary, and one paymaster, (to be taken from the suh- i i designed to take the ptace^ of that now exist-
alterns ot the regiment,) and one surgeon and two assistant
surgeons. ;
'•Sec.4. Andbeit further enacted^ That so soon as the sev- 1
eral officers are elected, they shall enter upon their re^p^ct- 1
lve duties, and so soon as they receive their commissions,
they shall take and sub.-cribe an oath to 'support the Con- ■
stitution of the United States, and to be governed by the !
rules and articles of war,' which oath shall be administered
by the adjutant or inspector general of the command, and '
the same f>hall be endorsed on the commie-ion, and certified j
by report of the fact to the Adjutant General at Washington j
city." i
Mr. HOUSTON said thathecontemplated giving
his views at length upon the amendment which he !
had offered, and to enable him to do so with more '
ing. And, in presenting that law to the consider-
ation of the House for its action, the junior editor
of the Intelligencer charged him (Mr. P.) with
having acted without consulting the feelings and
interests of the community vitally affected by
the measure! It just then occurred to him (Mr.
P.) that it was quite natural that the junior editor
of that paper should betray a good deal of sensi-
tiveness on this subject. It might very possibly
happen that if the property qualification were abol-
ished, and every free white citizen residing within
the city of Washington were allowed to vote, that
the services of the editor as mayor of the city
convenience to-morrow, he moved that the Senate || would be dispensed with, and some other individ-
adjourn.
The motion prevailed, and the Senate then ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 21, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was partially read;
when,
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it3 further reading
was dispensed with.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved a correction
of the Journal. Mr. C. slated that he observed
his name recorded in the affirmative on the vote on
the passage of the bill to amend the charter of the
city of Washington. He said he did not vote on
that question.
The Journal wa3 corrected.
Mr. PAYNE rose and asked leave to make a
personal explanation; which being granted, Mr.
P. went on to say, that he had never before tres-
passed on the indulgence of the House for a simi-
lar purpose, and frankness compelled him to add, !|
that he did not now seek the opportunity of;I
explanation under any apprehension that, m the d
House itself, it was at all necessary that he should
vindicate the position which he had taken yester- j
day, but which was the subject of comment in an
article in the National Intelligencer of this mom- ,!
ing; and it was that article which led him to make '
this demand upon the attention of the House. He
designed to speak of the article to which he had .
just alluded with all the respect which a gentleman
on that floor should regard the conductor of a pub- j
lie press; but, at the same time, the article must be j'
characterized in the terms which it deserved. The !j
article to which he referred was the leading edi- j'
tonal irf the Intelligencer of this morning. It j!
commented on the action of that House yesterday j,
in regard to a bill which he had had the honor of j|
submitting, and which had been passed by the tre- |j
f A 'JO 1V\ ♦ U fl I I
ual be selected to fill that office. It would be seen,
therefore, that the consideration might have had
i something to do with the production of the edilo-
1 rial article to which he had thought proper to call
• the attention of the House, in order to vindicate
i himself against the erroneous charges which it
1 contained But was the editor earnest in saying
i that he (Mr. P.) had acted without consulting the
i citizens of Washington ? Was it true that no pe-
1 titions had been offered praying the interference of
; Congress in the manner proposed by the bill ?
i Why, he begged leave to exhibit that petition—
[unrolling an immense scroll, containing some
hundreds of names.] He supposed that petition
was about four yards long. There was another
some six yards long—and another—and another—
being altogether over a thousand signatures. He
would read one of these petitions. [Mr. P. here
read one of the petitions. It prayed for the pas-
sage of the bill on various grounds of justice and
expediency.] These were the grounds on which
the petitioners had besought the interposition of
Congress. Yet, in view of all these facts, the
junior editor of the Intclligencer thought proper
to charge him with having acted on this subject
without consulting the wishes of the citizens of
Washington t
But the junior editor said that the bill was forced
on the House without having been read. He (Mr.
P.) appealed to every gentleman present whether
that was the truth—no, he would not use that
term, he would appeal to aH whether it was so ?
He did not wish to use any harsh language. The
reading of the bill was called for, and the bill was
distinctly read. Indeed, in the concluding para-
graph of the article, the junior editor himself ad-
mitted that the bill was read three times. The
editor said that the bill was forced on the House
under the operation of the previous question, and
that it was not referred to the appropriate com-
mittee! Now, it was well known, as he (Mr.
P.) stated yesterday, that this was precisely the
mendous majority of 136 to 33. In that article, the |. - . - . - . , , -
junior editor_a/he (Mr. P.) had been informed- f*m,e ■>'" wiuch ™?s refen'ed \° the commutes st
and who might he affected by the b.ll to the amount ! ^e(last sess'°" of Congress and was acted upon by
° J ■ • 1 that committee, and he (Mr. P.) uas authorized
by that committee to report it to the House. He
accordingly reported it, and it was passed. But it
was further alleged, "no previous notice was
given." Why, did not gentlemen recollect that he
(Mr. P.) rose m his place, two weeks ago, and gave
notice that, at the earliest opportunity, he should
introduce a bill for the very purpose for which
that bill was introduced yesterday? In view of all
these facts—notorious facts—facts known to the
House and to the country, he (Mr. P.) had come
to the conclusion that the junior editor of the In-
i telhgencer considered himself as the " people of
of one thousand dollars a year, that being the an
nual salary of the mayor of the city, which office
he now filled—held the following language:
; " It would appear a=? if some gentlemen in Congress are
j so imbued with the pimciples of demociacy as lo Mippm-e
that the will of the governed has nothing to do with the l<tw« j 1
i enacted for their government, and therefore considei them- '
; selves at liberty to propose measutc* vitally aftecuiig the
j feelinss and interests of communities without the least
| regaid to the wishes of—without, indeed, condescending
' even to consult—the people on whom the measures are to I
! opoiate. Thus, the honorable Mr. Payne, ot Alabama, yes-
. teiday, on his own mere motion—without exhibiting or
alleging anv petition from the inhabitants—without having
; the matter fiM inquired into by the appropriate committei:
and, as far as appealed, without the knowledge of any of the ] the District of Columbia." It was quite true that
; people of Washington, intioduced a bill altering essentially j
[ the charter enacted twenty-six years aso for their govern- [
I ment; and this bill, without any time being allowed for the j
' people to express their wi?hes, without even being read, .
1 and without a word being permitted, wa* hurried through j
! all the forms of introduction, fitst, second, and thud, read-
; ing*; and. by the gag of the previous question, pa-^ed, as
; far a? that House is concerned, into a law, binding on the
dearest interests of a community of thirty-tin ee thousand
citizens, entitled to as much consideration and respect as
anv other equal number of the American people. A beautiful
comment this on the notions of repnbheariism of gentlemen
' who claim, par excellence, to be the demociacy of the coun-
trJWhat were the " sentiments and feelings" to
which the gentleman there alluded? In the exist-
that individual had not been consulted; and for the
very satisfactory reason that he (Mr. P.) did not
regard him as exactly the most competent person
in the world to be consulted on such a subject.
That personage was not at all the best qualified
i individual to inform gentlemen of the sentiments
| of the citizens of Washington with regard to the
, objects of that bill. He (Mr. P.) did not pretend
to allude in this connexion to the particular politi-
! cal tenets of the gentleman. But he might say
! that these tenets were not of sueh a character as
■ would lead him to favor anything like an attempt
   i to extend the principles of freedom to the citizen.
in" charter"of the city of Washington, there was ; It was to the pecuniary interest of the gentleman
a property qualification required for an individual | in keeping things in their present condition, to
before he could vote for any of the officers of the j which he (Mr. P.) alluded. That circumstance
corporation. By the hill which passed the House !| disqualified the gentleman from giving sound ad-
yesterday, it was proposed to abrogate the neces- ij vice on the subject. Was it in any sense true,
