226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
of waging this war with vigor against Mexico, the
President and his party are more intent on waging
war on a certain political party within the United
States—that they are far more intent on a political
victory, and on keeping hold of the spoils, than on
conquering Mexico.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Jacob
Thompson] in his speech delivered in this Hall a
few days since,and written out by himself for the
press, (and which I have before me,) attempts to
kill off some of our bravest military commanders.
He talks about Major General Scott, and about the
letter written by him over '* a hasty plate of soup,"
which he attempts to hold up to ndicule. And
this reminds me of the very first act of the Admin-
istration in the- prosecution of this war. No
sooner were orders given by the President to that
distinguished officer to prepare to take command
of the army and prosecu.e a campaign to "con-
quer a peace with Mexico," than a certain mem-
ber of the Cabinet (who would do much better to
direct the whole energy of his mind to the man-
aging of this war than in dabbling m political in-
trigues and cabals) began buzzing;, buzzing in the
ears of the old soldier, very much like a certain in-
sect very commonly known, I believe, in Missis-
sippi, (and with which, doubtless, the gentleman
is quite familiar,) and with a monotony of tune and
a bitterness of tone well calculated to harass and
annoy, was perpetually hurrying* him off to the Rio
Grande. Under such an infliction, it is no wonder
the old veteran lost a little of his philosophy: and
this is quite sufficient to account for a rather hasty
plate of soup.
The laigesf and the noblest, minds may some-
times be pesteied to desperation by the most con-
temptible insect: as the jinn is said to have torn
himself and died of rage under the stinging of a
gnat.
I say, then, that though we hear it from the
President himself, and constantly repeated by his
organ here, that he is for prosecuting this war with
the utmost vigor against Mexico, it does seem to
me that he is a great deal more attentive to push- j
ing a war here at home against his party adversa- i
ries, than in urging the war of his country against
Mexico.
Well, what happened next5 The old soldier,
goaded to desperation by the teasings of his adver-
sary, was guilty of indiscretion and not guarded 111
his language; and they—tiie President, the Cabinet,
and the organ—exuited in the thought that they had
killed him off, with more gusto than they have over
any battle gained o\ er the Mexicans; and then they
all became \ ery complaisant indeed. They were
in the best humor in the v/oild; and so they con- i
tinned to be, till the Administration heard with
dismay the result of the elections in tlnee of the i
greatest States of the Union. The tone of the !
organ here had been most courteous and bland till ■
that moment; but no sooner did this news salute i
their ears than they all became extremely bitter and |
exasperated. Something mu*t be done: What ;
should it be? They met in sad consultation; and ■
after hatching and brooding over their-plans, it was ,
resolved (as I suppose fiom the result) to take a :
new line of tactics, and call all who did not ap- i
prove of what they had done about the war " Fed-
eralists—old Federalists/' And even the Presi-
dent himself could so Air degrade the dignity of
his high office, as to contribute his aid toward fast-
enjng the name on his political opponents, and
mingle his office with the coming election struggle ;
by inserting a c'ause m his message charging*all
who disapproved of the mode m which tlie'Var
had been commenced and conducted, and dared to
express that opinion, as "gning aid and comfort
to the enemy." The puerility and pusillanimity :
of this proceeding is so glaring that it does not '
even exoire my scorn: it cannot raise so siron-* an
emotion: it deserves and has only my pity^and :
contempt, my compassion, that we should have
such occupants of offices in the Government so
high and so influential, and contempt for their indi-
vidual Jrttleness.
And now I turn to events of a later date, that I '
may show that this same policy lias been contin-
ued from the beginning to the present hour, and is
intended to be kept up to the end of the war.
I now desire, Mr, Chairman, to make a few re- 1
marks upon a very singular speech of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Jacob Thompson1,1
made here a few days since. And just here I give |
notice that the gentleman's speech i«? one link in
my evidence to show what the Administration and
its partisans are doing, instead of prosecuting the
war vigorously against Mexico. [Mr. C. here
quoted the printed speech of Mr. Jacob Thomp-
son.]
The gentleman allowed General Taylor some
credit for the bravery he had manifested at Palo
Alto and Resaca, but seemed to think it all tar-
nished by his delay in not instantly following the
flying Mexicans across the river, but in remaining
eight days at Fort Brown. Sir, General Taylor
himself attributed this delay to the want of a ponton
tram, which, if present, would have supplied at
once a bridge across the river, and thus enabled
him to complete the victory, and capture or disperse
I the entire force of the enemy, and possibly put an
' end to the war.
j But the gentleman from Mississippi (for whose
j military science and experience Mr, C. had the
, utmost deference) declared to the House that this
1 was not the reason. The Secretary of War him-
i self had admitted it in lus report. But thegentle-
I man from Mississippi said it was not so. Here,
| then, we had General Taylor and the Secretary on
j one side, and that high military authority, the gen-
1 tleman fiom Mississippi, on the other. No doubt
! the gentleman possessed more military science than
] both of them put together.
j Mr. JACOB THOMPSON here rose to explain,
I and said that he had not claimed to possess any
| military skill or science, but had expressed it as
; his own opinion, that without the aid of any
I ponton train,General Taylor might have continued
I the pursuit without so great a delay as that of eight
! dnys.
I Mr. CROZIER resumingsaid, that notwithstand-
i ing the gentleman's exceeding modesty, he must still
, attribute to him the possession of great military
science, skill, and experience; because it was in-
credible that any gentleman, without these, would
have ventured to make so direct and open a con-
tradiction both of the Secretary of War and of the
General commanding on the spot. No*, tbegentle-
man was doubtless well competent to judge, or he
never would have "ventured to charge old Rouo-h
: and Ready with inefficiency, because he had not
i crossed the river without boat or bridge, and fallen
: upon and slaughtered the flying Mexicans.
1 But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklis*]
was the hardest to please. General Taylor, after
: his countermarch from Fort Brown, and his return
on the way to the river, had marched all night,
i and early next morning had eneountet ed the enemy
! posted in strength to intercept him. He had fought
; all day, gamed the victory of Palo Alto: he had
: Iain on his arms all the next night, and the next
i morning early had marched four or five miles fur-
| ther, when he found the enemy that he had whip-
ped the day before again posted in a strong position
selected by themselves. There he had whipped
them a second time, and put them to the rout:
with two thousand driving six thousand before
him. But all this did not satisfy the gentleman.
To gain two splendid victories in two days, and
rout three times his own number, was not enough;
and the gentleman wonted to know why he had not .
gone on right ahead and massacred the flying Mex- ■
icans, catching them befoie. they got to the river, 1
or while they were in it. The gentleman from ■
Pennsylvania before him [Mr. J. R. Ktgrhsoli.]
had 'answered him at the time, by stating that the |
array had had nothing to eat for thirty hours, and :
had been watching, marching, or fighting, nearly
the whole of that time. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ficklin] then put a question to my.
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,*]
which was very natural for a man living in Wash- ,
ington, surrounded by plenty, having leisure on I
his hands, and who knew nothing of the privations
of a campaign. In reply to the explanation, he
asks with much earnestness, Well, why did 'nt 1
the^ eat' Thus one of ins serious complaints,
■ against old Rough and Ready is that he does not
, feed his soldiers regular^.
Mr. FICKLIN explained that he made no :
; charge against General Taylor's courage, but
accorded to him a full share of valor. The mam
, objection on his part is the leaving the volunteers
in the pestilential climate of the Rio Grande; and
his remarks were in answer to his friends, [Mr.
Cat.eb B. Smith of Ind'ana, and Mr. Toombs
ot Georgia,] who blame the President for leaving
, the volunteers where they have died of disease.
His purpose was to place the resnonsibihtv where
it properly belonged, without any design whatever
to do the slightest injustice to General Taylor.
I Mr. CROZIER, resuming, said it was very true
j that the gentleman had stated that as one of the
, reasons why General Taylor was incompetent to
command the army; but he had also charged him
,! with a want of conduct in not pursuing the enemy
■Ijand cutting them off* before they reached the rivei,
I It was this that had called up and elicited the reply
j of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The geritle-
j man then asked.* with much spirit and animation,
! why the army did not eat. So, after all, one of
j his charges resolved itself into this: that General
j: Taylor was not a good landlord; that he did not
'i ring the bell and feed his soldiers at the right
! time!
Mr. C., however, thought that there waa a rea-
son still better than that which had been so prompt
. ly given by the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania: and it was, that six thousand Mexicans
had, in two days, been so completely routed by
ii our little army of two thousand, that they were no
! longer to be found as an army. They did not re-
;! treat from the last battle at Resaca as an army;
|! they fled as individuals, throwing away their arms,
|! and " each man endeavoring to save himself;" and,
ii as Ampudia had said afterwards, {C the moral of the
\[ army was completely destroyed," and, so long as
I three weeks after, he was still " endeavoring to re-
i1 store it." Had Taylor es en pursued them with his
^exhausted troops, the Mexicans, having thrown
j, awny their arms, would have taken to the chapar-
:j ral, where it would have been impossible for our
. brave, fellows, worn out with battle arid fainting,
j! for the want of food, and encumbered by the weight
of their arms, successfully to follow.
' There was still another reason that might be
given, which he had no doubt would be a good
1 one with every friend to humanity. Enough of
, blood had been spilled to establish the glory of
our arms, and the enemy were driven beyond even
all claim of ours as to territory. There needed
not one drop more to be shed to enhance the one
' or to secure the other. On that day, sir, I have
■ understood that the Mexican battalion from Tarn-
,; pico entered the engagement with from three to
; four hundred men. Of this large number, all but
twenty-seven were left dead on the field. Their
bravery elicited the admiration of our officers and
; soldiers to such an extent that they have often since
!. said it seemed a pity to kill them. After a victory
over such troops as these, it was not necessary foi*
the honor of the nation that our little aimy of two
thousand men should have pursued the remnant of
; the six thousand which they had just defeated, and
each man have speared his man in the pursuit.
■' Sir, the victories of Palo Alto, Resaca, arid Mon-
' terey, have added additional lustre to the brilliant
J achievements of our army in the war of fndepend-
<; ence and the late war, and every man in the Uni-
i ted States is satisfied with the gallantry and eminent
■ ability of General Taylor, except a few censorious
i politicians, who are preparing themselves to be
■ visited with the honest indignation of an insulted
' and magnanimous people.
But to follow the speech of the gentleman froni
1 Mississippi. [Here Mr. C. quoted farther, till he
1 camc to the passage where Mr. Thompson charged
; General Taylor with having been guilty of "egre-
, gious blunders."] Yes: the gentleman, after ex-
! aming General Taylor's movements, convicted him
of 44egregious blunders," and yet disclaimed the
possession of any military science, and modestly
; admitted that he knew nothing of these matters.
Mr. THOMPSON again explained that he had
; spoken only of results. [As he turned toward
, Mr. CitoziER. much of what he said was lost to
the reporter. f'*om his relative position.]
Mr. CROZIER. Yes. it wa^ the results which r
in the judgment of the very able gentleman, con-
victed Taylor of having committed " egregious
; blunders." Well, 1 am speaking of results also.
But what moie had the gentleman said. [Here
Mr, C. quoted on from the Speech, till he caine to
a passage where Mr. Thompson compared war to
the chase, and professional generals to sportsmen
who delighted in the sport for its own sake, with-
out regard to the results.]
Now, what was the obvious deduction from lan-
1 guage like this? That Taylor, who had commit-
ted such " egregious blunders" in the battles of
the 8th and 9th of May, might be fool enough to
fight, and no more. And that, being a soldier, he
would be glad the war should continue for its own
