1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
sake. Yes, that was the gentleman's opinion of
the man who was at the head of our army in
Mexico, and whom the gentleman nevertheless
characterized as " a thunderbolt of war," and as a
"second Marshal Ney." Mr. C. did not know
that this high-sounding praise, these sugared words,
would ticklc the old hero much; especially when
it was accompanied by the statement that at Mon-
terey he had "had Arista in the hollow of his ;
hand," and yet had let him go.
It was a singular position which the gentleman I
from Mississippi had taken before ail military men ;
in tins countiy and elsewhere, that a General who j
at Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma had whipped j
an army three times his own number, in hard fight ,
in the open field, (they having chosen their own ;
position,) and had at Monterey whipped an op- 1
posing force (estimating the advantages of their '
strongly-fortified position) equal to ten times his {
own troops, was unfit to command our army and ;
conduct the campaign! What could possibly be •
the motive for venturing on a position like this, in j
the face of facts like these? "What could have
prompted assertions so gross as these? A man
that had gained a victory against a force twice his •
own, and strongly fortified, not fit to command !
What, he asked again, could be the motive of this 1
gentleman and of the Administration in bringing a
charge like this-5 What was it5 Mr. C. should j
not undertake to say; but this he would say, that ;
Mr. Polk and his friends greatly underrated the
astuteness of the people of these United States if
he supposed that they did not know, and at no dis-
tant day would make them sensible of their know-
ledge.
Mr. C., mean time, would say this much: that
•every movement of the Administration, from the
moment when the Secretary of War began to
"whisper in the ear of the old soldier of Niagara and
Chippewa down to this hour, had been directed j
more against a particular political party in this \
country, and more with a view to get and to keep j
the spoils and plunder of a party victory, than j
against Mexico, or to prosecute a victory there. :
He was forced by facts before him to say thus
much in discharge of his duty to the people whom
he represented.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON here again inter-
posed, and though impcrfcctly heard, as before,
was understood by the reporter to say that his
motive had been a desire to see the war brought to
^n early and an honorable conclusion. He had
had no other.
Mr. CROZIER said, that if there was any dif-
ference of opinion as to the motive of wanton at-
tacks like these, he should leave that to be judged
by the people. They could see, and would ren-
der a true verdict on the facts of the case.
But, to procced with the gentleman's speech.
He wanted, he said, " rapid movements and a
short campaign&c. Now, Mr. C. had under-
stood the gentleman, when he spoke, to take a
position a good deal stronger than that which ap-
peared in his printed speech. Here the gentleman
had said, in substance, that he had no confidence
in any man whose profession was arms, that he
would bring this war to a speedy termination,
because the longer a war continued the more op-
portunities would he have to fight battles and win
laurels. As the gentleman's language stood in
the printed speech it was very ambiguous. He
•should like to hear from the gentleman's own hps
what bis meaning really was.
Mr. THOMPSON here once more explained.
He meant to express the sentiment that a man
who belonged to the armv, and whose fame was
derived from military achievements, would be less
likely to bring the war to a speedy termination
than one who was not a soldier; that a military
man would not be so likely to desire to terminate
a campaign as one who was not a mere military
man.
Mr. CROZIER asked why not ? He should oe
glad to know the reason. The gentleman must have
had some reason in his head for such a position.
Mr. C. was sorry to hear him use such language.
The gentleman's course and previous bearing
here had impressed him with the conviction that
that gentleman must have far loftier and nobler
sentiments than such as were common to the
ignorant and the envious. We all had heard the
vulgar charge that lawyers made laws to suit
themselves, and that physicians kept their patients
sick that they might get a fat bill against them;
yet every intelligent and elevated man knew well!
that neither charge was true. As for General j
Taylor, he was as anxious to close this war as ;
any other man in this wide world.
But what more did the gentleman charge > He .
said it was weil known—(and it grieved the gen- |
tleman exceedingly; it pained him at his very j
breast)—but it was well known to all that the offi-
cers of the regular army entertained an undue pre-
judice against volunteer officers. Well known to
all! Mr, C. said, for one, he knew no such thing.
The gentleman regretted it, oh, how deeply! but he .
feared, greatly feared, that Gcnfial Taylor was not !
wholly exempt from that prejudice. Mark the in- ,
sinuation ! Now, Mr. C. had never heard such a ;
thing said or insinuated before. He was pro- j
foundly ignorant of it. And how should it have j
arisen particularly in the mind of that gentleman r !
Had not that very gentleman himself this session :
voted to raise ten regiments of regulars in prpferen.ee ]i
to volunteers ? [Laughter.] The gentleman s own !j
President, and his own Secretary, and his own ;l
party, recommended regular?, not volunteers. ,1
Would the gentleman say theij, too, c< had an un~ ,
foitunate prejudice" against volunteers. Did it j
grieve the gentleman's breast to be obliged to fear |
that Mr. Polk " was not altogether free from that ;
prejudice 5" That his Secretary of War, himself, 1
and his party had these prejudices5 Did the gen- ;
tleman really believe that the people were sunk so !
low in intelligence that they could not understand ;
that? The President saying that regulars were to
be preferred: the gentleman himself voting that |
regulars should be preferred; and yet here openly ;
charging General Taylor with having an unfortu- j
nate prejudice against volunteers and volunteer !
officers. The gentleman could not regret General j
Taylor's prejudice more exceedingly than Mr. C. 1
did that the gentleman should have put down such !
a charge in his speech. i
Mr. C. here again quoted Mr. Thompson as :
saying in his speech that the Mississippians and
Tennesseeans at Monterey had saved Taylor, and 1
: said that the gentleman's extensive military infor-
; mation might perhaps justify him in going so far.
! Mr. C. admitted that at Monterey our volunteers
; had fought gloriously—as well, in all respects, as
the regulars; hot, as to Taylor being saved by a
| eharge of the Mississippi and Tennessee troops, if
any gentleman here but one coming from the State
; of Mississippi had made such a remark, placing
; the Mississippians before the Tennesseeans, he
' should have called him to account for it. If any
| other gentleman than a Mississippian speaks of
j that charge, he must designate it as " the charge ,
I of the Tennessee and the Mississippi volunfeeis," j
for the Tennesseeans occupied the front rank on .
that day. But as the gentleman was acting as the {
poet of Mississippi, Mr. C. should allow him his i
poetic license. He would not, however, allow the i
same liherty to anv other man. ^ j
Mr. THOMPSON here again rose to explain, j
but as now he turned wholly and entirely from ;
the reporter, not one word of the explanation ;
reached his ear. He was understood to say, how- [
ever, that he got his facts from a speech of Colonel ,
Jefferson Davis. j
Mr. CROZIER said he recollected the speech, ,
and had read some comments upon it. He did ,
not, however, understand how Colonel Davis ac- |
counted for the fact that more of the Tennessee j
volunteers had been killed than of thope from Mis- j
sissippi. Was it that the Mississippi troops were ,
in front? Now, Mr. C. could not for his life see ;
how this could be accounted for, unless the Ten- :
nesseea ns were such tall men that the enemy could
hit them while firing over the heads of the Missis-
sippi men. [Much laughter.] ;
But Mr. C. was not for countenancing, far less
promoting anything like jealous rivalry between
the brave men from these adjoining States. BuL
i as the gentleman had referred to the speech ot
! Colonel Davis, it became necessary for him to no-
s tice this part of it. _
; But the gentleman complained of the capitula-
| tion at Monterey. This was one of the chief
; items of proof of General Taylor's incompetency.
; He had had Arista "in the hollow of his hand,"
; and had suffered him to escape. _
' Now, Mr. C. understood that this very Colonel
Jefferson Davis was one ol* the commissioners
who drew up and signed that capitulation.
Mr. THOMPSON said it was very true that
Colonel Davis had been one of the commissioners.
Mr. T. had at first heard that General Taylor
yielded, very reluctantly, to the opinion of the
rest of the commissioners in favor of the capitu-
lation; but, from a letter of Colonel Henderson,
since published, he learned that the commissioners
acted under express instructions from General
Taylor himself, and that Colonel Davis had, of
course, to submit.
Mr. CROZIER said, if the gentleman would
agree to the statement that Colonel Davis and his
associate commissoners were told by General Tay-
lor, that they must agree to just such and such
terms, and none other; that they were tied up by
previous orders, and though (Sailed commissioners
were in fact automatons, then he would consent
that the gentleman should lay the whole blame
upon old (! Rough and Ready.'" His own under-
standing was, that the whole regular force of the
army fully assented to the necessity and propriety
of the capitulation. And, until Colonel Davis
made the same assertion as the gentleman says
Henderson did, the gentleman and his former col-
league, Colonel Davis, but remain in conflict upon
this subject. The measure was right. Would
the gentleman have had him go after Arista with
his whole forre, volunteers and all? The gentle-
man wanted a short campaign; but what would he
have had General Taylor to do, when he had not
means enough to transooit provisions for his own
troops, let alone the Mexicans, whom the gentle-
man would have had him make prisoners? The
General had it not in his power, here, to please the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ficklint,] by calling
his army to eat, [a laugh,] for he had not enough
even for his own troops.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said the fact stated
by the gentleman was entirely new to him; yet it
might possibly he true.
Mr. CROZIER said it was true, and it was a
very important fact which the gentleman ought to
have known before he condemned General Taylor.
Mr. C. said he had seen it stated in divers letters
from persons on the spot. The general had not
provisions there to feed his own army, because the
Democratic President and his Secretary of War
were more busy in intending to political matters
nearer home. He had no wagons at that time to
transport provisions. The Administration had not
. furnished him a single wagon, and he had to turn
| out and buy mules from the Mexicans to transport
i his baggage and provisions. Such is the imbecil-
I ity of the President and his Cabinet. This is the
I vigorous manner in which they carry on the war!
If General Taylor had made prisoners of a larger
force than his own, what would he have done with
them ? Perhaps the military skill of the gentleman
can inform us.
From the day he had first mounted his horse to
invade Mexico to this hour, the enemy had not,
stopped him for one moment. If it had been a
party of emigrants to Mexico instead of the Amer-
ican armv, they could not have advanced any
faster. The slowness of the advance was wholly
chargeable in the mismanagement of the Executive
in not forwarding the means of transportation.
Another reason why General Taylor had not
shed more Mexican blood, so as to satisfy fully
the bloodthirsty gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fickliv,] was, that his orders from the department
did not permit him. Mr. Secretary Marcy, to be
sure, told him that the war must be prosecuted
vigorously—very vigorously: and the organ here
was reechoing the same thing from day to day;
but, at the same time, he was told that he must use.
<s policy;" thai the Administration approved all
that he had thus far done, while the gentleman
from Mississippi thought, on the contrary, that
Taylor had committed egregious blunders.''
Well, to rcuun to ihe Secretary's letter. That
functionary told General Taylor no less^ than four
different times in one letter that the President "ex-
pected much from General Taylor's policy.
(The Secretary certainly came from the right place
to be pkilful in policy.) ■ [Here Mr. C. quoted
the letter of Secretary Marcy, where he directed
General Taylor to conciliate the inhabitants of the
country and to let them see that we desired peace,
&c.1 'It appeared that the Secretary wanted to
1 make Old Rough and Ready as skilful m policy
and the manoeuvres of dissimulation as if he had
come from the Empire State itself. It.was said
that " contrivance was half the work, but he
never knew that a general appointed to command
an army and fight the enemy must be skilful m
