ns
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
negotiating also. He never had heard thatdoctrine
till it had been advanced as one of the arguments
in favor of a lieutenant general. But, by some
means or other, General Taylor must be put down.
The gentleman from Mississippi repudiated him
entirely because he had such a deep prejudice
against volunteers, and yet he himself voted against
volunteers and in favor of regulars, and not only
so, but to supersede him by the appointment of a
new grade of commander.
Mr. C. said he had something to say as to the
slowness of Congress itself in this war. The gen-
tleman wanted a vigorous and a short campaign;
and yet here we were m the middle of the session
and nothing done. The people would let gentlemen
know that they understood the difference between
profession and piactice. What had been done?
On the very first day a bill was piomptJy intro-
^ duced by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Bovd,] providing bounty land for the volunteers.
For his own pait, lie thought that some great
change must ha\ e come over the gentleman from
Kentucky; for that gentleman voted against in-
creasing the pay of volunteers at the last session.
Mr C. was much pleased with this promptitude.
But what had followed? The very first speech
made it manifest how deep was the gentleman's
feeling in favor of volunteers, for it gave way be-
fore a single fire from a gentleman of Ohio.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked whose fault it
was that more had not been done? The House
were on one of the appropriation bills, but gentle-
men refused to vote.
Mr. CROZIER. You had the majority.
Mr. THOMPSON. Yes, but some of the ma-
jority were absent. [A laugh.] I admit it was
their fault, and let the responsibility rest on them.
Mr. CROZIER said in that sentiment he fully
agreed. He wanted the country to hear it. He
■wanted the world to know that the party could
rally where a vote was to be passed giving the
President the appointment of officers. There were
enough of them to form a quorum by themseUes
without any Whig help, and they were always on
hand when any patronage was to be authorized.
If gentlemen wanted a short campaign, and they
were such master-spirits in strategy that they were
able to correct the " egregious blunders" of Old
Zack Taylor, let them encourage him by their own
example.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] had
fled, as he said, at the first fire from Ohio, and
recommitted the bill. There was a good deal
more, he feared, at. the bottom of this movement
than kind feeling for the soldier. He rather thought
there was a much stronger motive in the hope of
graduation, and of the success of certain loads
and canals.
It had been the policy of certain gentlemen here
to throw bribes into new Stales by holding out the
promise of giving them the public lands within
their borders to induce them to attach themselves
to a certain party. Mr. C. was against all such
projects. He wanted the people of Tennessee to
get their shaie in the public domain—the common
property of all the States. Th^y had fought as ;
many battles to win them as any of their sister ;
Suites, as well in the Revolution a* since. And i
now that some of her Rons are engaged in the ser- '
vice of the country, he was m favor of making I
liberal donations to them out of the public domain, '
and m this way the citizens of his own State might !
receive some benefit from the public lands, m winch ■
heretofore they participated but little compared i
with those of some of the sister States.
The committee rose, in oider to recoive a mo-
tion in the House for putting an end to the debate; j
and—
Mr. RATHBUN movpd the usual resolution to ;
close the debate on the bill at three o'clock this day, 1
and asked the previous question, which was see- !
onded; but, before the mam question was ordered
to be put— i
Mr. ALBERT SMITH moved to lay the reso- I
lution on the table. i
The vote was decided by yeas and nays: Yeas I
68, nays 104. j
So the resolution was not laid on the table. i
The question rccurred on ordering the main 1
question to be put. i
The vote on the question vva? decided in the 1
affirmative, by yeas and nays: Yeas 107, nays 55. !
So the mam question was ordered to be put, and :
the resolution was agreed to. !
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the bill, and— :
Mr. CROZIER withdrew his motion to strike ,
out the first section. :
Mr. GILES obtained the floor, (but twenty .
minutes remaining of the time allotted to debate,) j
and addressed the committee as follows: ;
Mr. Chairman: In the few moments I have ,
between this and the hour at which the committee :
will commence voting, I propose to be so much out -
of order, according to the practice of this House,
as to address the few remarks I have the honor to i
submit, to the bill which is now pending before the •
committee: and I will premise what I have to say 1
by the declaration that, let the bill assume what ,
shape it may, I shall vole fui it; and I shall vote ;
cheerfully for any amount of means, men, and ,
money, that the Government may ask to carry on
and terminate successfully, and 1 hope speedily,
the contest in which the country is engaged. But !
I wish to submit briefly to "the committee the ■
changes which I think the bill should undergo
before it veceivcs the final action of the commit- i
tee. S
Mr. Chairman, I shall propose, when the voso- j
lution shall have been reached, a change in the
[ fourth section of the bill, the latter clause of
I which is as follows:
i i: And tlie Secretarv of the Treasury ts further authorized,
: with the appiobntiori of the Prevalent of the United State*,
j to borrow, fiom tune to time, not under par, Mich sums as
j the President may think expedient, on the credit ot such ,
notes."
Now, it does appear to me, that no such provi- ,
si on should be parsed by this Congress to enable 1
the Government to laise the means. It would be
' nothing more nor less than making your Govern- !
I ment a broker to into the community to pledge
these notes to raise money. Now, I would prefer,
if the Government is to borrow money, and not
ro pay out their treasury notes which are provided
for by other sections, that they should borrow it on
their stock, and not by hawking as it were these
treasury notes from broker's shop to broker's shop
1 for the purpose of raising money.
I shall propose, Mr. Chairman, when the nine-
i teenth section shall be reached, to strike it out, and
, substitute for it the section which I will send to the j
; Clerk and ask him to read. The Clerk read as
follows: I
u That a duty of twentv pej cent, ad valorem be, and the 1
■ same i«j hereh}. laid on all tea and eollec unpolled into this
country t'tom and aftei the firf.t day of .March next; and that !
the  iimc late of dnH Mial! be It wed and collected on said i
article until the fust day of March, 18-49, and no longer.'' >
I am opposed, Mr. Chairman, to the 19th sec-
tion for many reasons:
I am opposed to it, first and principally, because ,
it proposes to pledge a certain portion of the pub- ;
lie funds for the payment of the interest, and then i
the principal, of tins particular debt, which is pro- |
posed to be created now. I look upon it as not '
consistent with the dignity and the high character
of this country; a country that has presented to
the world, on two different occasions, the proud
spectacle of a nation paying off its public debt—a ;
thing unprecedented in the history of nations.
Now, sir, if this Government cannot go into mar- !
ket and raise what amount may be wanted—if it !
cannot raise the small amount of twenty-three mil- :
lion of dollars pioposed by this bill; if her credit 1
alone is not sufficient to enable her to borrow this 1
money on favoiable terms, no specific pledge of :
this kind will add to our ciedif. 1 look upon it as
a useless provision, as derogatory to the character !
of the Go\cmment, that it requires this—for it !
would appear from the drafting of this bill that it |
was required to bolster up its credit.
I am opposed to it because we have already ere- ;
ated a stock debt. We have already borrowed ;
money, and those who have taken the scrip, or i
purchased thp stock of the Government, are entitled '
to look to the whole funds of the Government for i
the payment of the interest and principal of the ij
loans they have made; and it would be unjust to '!
them to divert now one portion of the public funds !:
specifically to meet a loan subsequently contracted, i:
I am opposed to it for another reason: Because {!
if this land-bounty is to be given to the soldiers— j!
and to judje from the interest manifested on the jj
subject on this floor, and from what is transpiring j
in the other end of the Capitol, that some provis-
ion of the nature of land-bounty to the regulars j;
and volunteers of your army in Mexico is to be ||
made—this whole fund will be absorbed for some I'
ten years to come. It would, therefore, be making
a useless pledge.
I am opposed to this section for another reason.
You propose to enable, or authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury, from these pledges of the public
lands, first to pay the interest that may accrue on
this debt, and then to purchase said stocks at their
"market value.5' Now, if this section ts to pass,
I hope the latter part of it, at least, will be alteied.
Why, to purchase it at the market value, you
make your Treasury Department a broker! And
I shall move that "market value" be stricken out,
and "par value" be substituted. Letyour Govern-
ment never depreciate their securities, never buy
them for less than the amount they purport to bear
on their face, and never buy them at a premium,
but wait until they have arrived at maturity, when
you are entitled to redeem them, unless the holders
aie willing to dispose of them at par before that
time, and the Government is prepared to redeem
them, i foresee that there might be great corrup-
tion in carrying out this provision of the bill. If
your Government enter into market to purchase
these stocks, if they were at 107 or 105, the very
fact that the Government was in the maikct pur-
chasing them, would enhance their price immedi-
ately. And furthermore, there is no reason for
this provision. We can apprehend no heavy sur-
plus in the treasury, if we adhere to our present
revenue system, for many years to come. There
is no reason why this engine of corruption should
i be placed in the hands of any party, or any officer
: m any department of the Government. Buy your
i stocks at their par value if you have the money,
i and the holders will receive it; pay them off be-
fore they arrive at maturity if they aie below par;
1 or if they are above par, wait till they arrive at
maturity, and pay what the faith of the Govcrn-
■ ment is pledged to pay and redeem.
I am opposed to this section for another reason:
we are in a state of war; we have sanctioned the
war; it is our war; it is a just war, foiced upon
the country by the unjust acts of a neighboring
I Government. It requires additional means to carry
j it on successfully. Your treasury—the ordinary
! receipts of your treasury ore not sufficient for this
j purpose: you have to becomc again a borrower,
i Your Government has to go into the money mar-
. kct to get the capital of the country to sustain the
Government in this crisis. Now, if you wish to
| borrow money on favorable teims, and your treas-
ury is deficient, I hold it to be one of the clearest
1 principles of finance, that you must, when you
propose to borrow this money, create additional
i means—that you must lay additional taxes. If
you wish to borrow on favorable teims, you must
! open new sources of revenue, to place yourselves
j in a condition to meet the interest and principal of
: this debt when it matures.
I shall, for these reasons, submit at the proper
time the amendment which the Clerk has lead.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have heaid much said
about these duties on tea and coffee. Why, sir,
. it does appear to me that, in a time of war, when
your Government tells you that your treasury is
languishing for the want of means, when you want
i not only men, but " the sinews of war," to plant
| your eagles in the mountain fastnesses of Mexico;
I it does appear to me that it is not doing justice to
the spirit of the American people to believe for one
: moment that they would hesitate to pay this small
tax upon these luxuries of life to sustain their
i Government in this crisis. Is there any more
legitimate subject of taxation than this to which I
: allude? You would find, on refeiring to the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, that they would
: yield, at the lowest estimate, two and a half mil-
lions of dollars in revenue. There can be no more
' certain source of taxation than a duty on tea and
| coffee.
| Now, Mr. Chairman, I have heard an intima-
1 tion here—and I think something of that kind was
suggested the other day—that instead of the tax
on tea and coffee, you should increase the difiierent
schedules in the tariff act of last summer five per
cent. Now, does it appear by any means ceitam
that that would increase the receipts into your
treasury? Why, there are many items in those
different schedules, on which, if you put five per
cent, additional duty, it is prohibitory; you get no
revenue at all. There are many paying now as
high a duty as they would possibly bear: put five
per cent, more on them, and you dry up that
source of revenue to the Government. I believe,
