1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Mr. Chairman, that by a careful revision—and I
hope the Committee of Ways and Means, over
whom presides with so much' ability my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] will turn
their attention to the subject—by a careful revision
of the different schedules of the tariff of 1846, some
items in the twenty per cent, schedule might be
transferred to the thirty per cent, schedule, and
some might be brought from the ten per cent,
schedule to the twenty per cent, schedule, and still
yield additional revenue to the Government. But
to take the tariff act, and indiscriminately add five
per cent, xipon its different schedules, 1 believe,
instead of bringing additional revenue into the
treasury, would lessen the revenue now received.
There is another portion of this bill, Mr. Chair-
man, which it strikes me would require amend-
ment. It is in the 5th section. It provides, " that
4 the said treasury notes shall be transferable, by
' delivery and assignment endorsed thereon, by the
person to whose order the same shall on the face
4 thereof be made payable."
Now, sir, these treasury notes, if the power to
issue them be exercised, (and no doubt it will,)
will find their way to remote parts of this Confed-
eracy—will go to the Rio Grande—will be paid out,
no doubt, to the contractors of your army, and to
your soldiers and officers. Tt does appear to me
that they should be payable to bearer. I can per-
ceive no reason why they should be made assign-
able by the endorsement of the partv who first
received them. If the policy of the Government,
by placing them at interest, isto keep them at par;
if it be the object of the bill to guard those who
hold them against loss; that they shall not de-
preciate in the hands of the public creditor, every
facility for their transfer should be given. Make
{hem payable by endorsement, and you require
the party who holds them, when he demands the
payment of the interest upon them at the treasury,
to prove the handwriting of the endorser. Now,
how is that to be done? They are paid out to the
public creditors in New York. They find their
way then to New Orleans. How is the holder
at New Orleans to prove the handwriting of the
first endorser, who is the payee, according to the
statute now proposed ? lean perceive no reason
why they should be made payable in the first in-
stanceby endorsement, and afterwards to bearer.
Why not in the first instance to bearer? Your
Government officers certainly will not issue them
fraudulently.
[A. voice: They might get into circulation fraud-
ulently.]
Mr. GILES. It could only be then by the
fraud of the officers of the Government, and by
fraud any of your laws may be evaded. Make
them payable to bearer, and wherever they are
rcccived, the holder would be entitled to the prin-
cipal and interest which they purport to bear on
their face, by the presentation of the notes alone,
without the necessity of proving any endorsement
—a necessity which would have the tendency to
lessen the value of the notes. It is suggested in
front, that by doing so, you make it a bank. But
not more so than the bill itself proposes.
[Here Mr. G. was stopped by the expiration of
the hour.]
A motion was made to strikeout$23,000,000,?'
and insert " $10,000,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. McHENRY moved to strike out "fifty,"
and insert "twenty," so that it would read, "of
denominations not less than twenty dollars.5' Dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to strike out "$23,-
000,000," and insert "§19,000,000." Disagreed
to.
The second section was read.
Mr. McKAY moved to add, between the words ,
" provided that" and the word "such," in the
twelfth line, the words " after the maturity of any ,
such notes." Agreed to. j
The third section was read. j
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the word i
" section," in the nineteenth line, and insert in lieu ,
thereof the word "act," so that it would read :
"duties enjoined upon them by this act," &c. ■
Agreed to. !
Mr. GILES moved to amend the fourth section
by striking out the latter part, beginning with the :
words " And the Secretary of the Treasury," &c. !
Disagreed to. |
Mr. GILES moved to amend the fifth section \
by striking out all the section after the woids " by 1
delivery and," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "made payable to bearer." Disagreed to.
There was no amendment to the sixth section.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, by direction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved to amend the
seventh section by striking out all after the enact-
ing words, and inserting:
"That every collector, receiver of public moneys, or other
officer or agent of the United States, shall, on receipt of any
treasury notes in payment for the Government, take from the
holder thereof a receipt on the back of each of said notes,
stating distinctly the date and the amount received; and shall
keep, according to such fonns as shall he prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, entries of whom received, the
number, date, and respective amounts of principal and inter-
est of each and every treasury note thin received; arid, on
delivering the same to the Treasurer, shall receive credit for
the amount paid, as prescribed in the last section, provided
no error shall appear."
This amendment was agreed to.
No amendment was proposed to the 8th section. I
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the 9th sec-
tion, in the tenth line, by inserting between the
word "aforesaid" and the word " knowing," the
words "or who shall have m his possession."
Disagreed to.
No amendment was offered to the 10th, 11th,or
I2th sections.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the 13th section
by inserting after the word " amount," in the 7th
line, the words "of the principal," and after the
word " notes," in the tenth line, the words, " and
the interest shall be paid in money." These
amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to amend the 13th
section, in the last line, by striking out " 67" and
inserting " 57," so as to make it "1857." Dis-
agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the 14th section
in the fourth line, by striking out the word " debt"
and inserting the word "stock." Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the 15th section,
by striking out all after the words, "shall not ex-
ceed," in the proviso, and inserting "five millions
of dollars." Agreed to.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL moved to amend the
15th section by striking out all thereof, and insert-
ing:
" And whereas the provisions of this act, authoiizinsf the
issue of notes not ledeeiriable on demand in gold and silver
com, to be used and thrown into circulation, as a papei cur-
rency and medium of exchange, and to be paid out and
received by the officers ot the United States in lieu of gold
and silver, are inconsistent with the principles and provis-
ions of an act passed durinff the first session of the present
Congress, entitled c An act to provide for the betlpr organi-
zation of the treasury, and for the collection, safekeeping,
transfer and di^buisement of the public money:' There-
fore—
" Beit farther enacted, That the said act be, and the same
is heieby repealed."
This amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the 16th
section, by adding at the end the following pro-
viso:
" Provided, further, That the amount of treasuiy notes
outstanding at any one time, authorized by tins act and the
act of July 23 last, shall not exceed the sum of $15,000,000."
This amendment was disagreed to.
No amendment was offered to the 17th section.
Mr. BROCKENBROTJGH moved to amend the
18th section, by adding thereto the following:
"And to enhance the value of «said notes or stock, and
promote payment in lands, the Secretary of the Treasury
may, when" he deems it expedient, ceitify on the notes or |
stock by this act authorized, that in al! payments for public j
Innds they will be received at such enhanced value beyond
the principal and interest thereof, as he may stipulate m each
case,never to exceed three pei centum per annum upon the
principal of «aid notes or stock, for each whole year from
the date thereof; and they shall, m such ease,be soieceived
only in payments for public lands; but for all other pay- ,
ments and purposes be valid only for the ptmcipal and inter- !
e«t thereof. Cut such enhanced value shall not be stipula- .
ted or take effect for fractions of a year, or upon the interest !
of said stock or notes; and such paper, when received by a j
receiving officer, shall be void and cancelled forthwith, but I
new notes or stocks, (within the prescribed limits of time
and amounts,) with or without such stipulation, may be ;
issued ill lieu of tlio&e redeemed." I
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GILES moved to amend the 19th section,
by striking out all after the enacting words, and
inserting:
" That a duty of 20 per cent, ad vahrem bf, and the same
j* hcrebv, laid on all tea and coffee imported into thk coun-
try from*and after the first day of March next; and that the
same rate of duty shall be levied and collected on said arti-
cles until the 1st day of Maich, J849, and no longer." i
Mr. SAWYER inquired of the Chairman if ■
this amendment was in order ? 1
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order at this time.
Mr. GILES moved to strike out the words
"market value," and insert " par value," at the
end of the section. Disagreed to.
Mr. GILES then moved to strike out the nine-
teenth section. The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved to add, at the
end of the said section, the following proviso:
" Provided, That nothing more than the par value
shall be paid for the said stock." Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the twentieth
section by adding, between the words " treasury
notes" and the words " authorized by this act,"
the words "and stock," so that it would read
" treasury notes and stock," &c. Agreed to.
j! Mr. McKAY also moved to add, at the end of
j; the section, the words " or certificates of stock."
ji Agreed to.
|j Mr. ASHMTJN moved to add, at the end of the
j: twenty-first scction, the following proviso:
■ j " Provided, That if by said treaty any territory of said
!. republic of Mexico shall be ceded to the United States, no
slavery nor involuntary servitude, except for crime whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, shall ever be
allowed in said teiiitorv."
Mr. J. J. McDOWELL made a point of order
as to the relevancy of this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The question was then stated, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment was not received.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS moved to add the
following section at the end of the bill:
" Jln<i he it further enacted, That the treasury note1- here-
by authorized to be issued shall be received in payment of
public lands at five per cent, premium.
j The amendment was disagreed to.
i Mr. GILES moved to add the following section
, to the bill:
l " Jim] he it further enacted, That a duty of 20 per cent, ad
i vahrcm be, and the same is hereby, laid on all tea and coffee
i impoited into this countiy from and after the first day of
March nevf; and that the same rate of duty shall be levied
and collected on saii aiticles until the first day of March,
1849, and no longer."
The vote on this amendment was taken by tellers,
who reported in favor of it 71, againstit 75. So
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to add the following at
the end of the biil:
'•And, until the debt created by this act be fully paid,
; an additional duty often per cent, ad valorem, shall be levied
and collected on all articles of imports nowehaigeable with
duties."
Mr. ROBERTS rose to a point of order, and
said that the amendment was not relevant to the
bill, and therefore out of order.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment in
order.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved to amend the
amendment by inserting " five" in lieu of " ten,"
so as to make it read five per cent, ad valorem. This
motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOPKINS then moved to amend the amend-
ment by making it apply to "articles of imports
now free from duty," This motion wasdisagreed
to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the amendment
by stiiking out the last words thereof, viz: " now
chargeable with duties." This also was disagreed
to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as proposed by Mr. Arnold; when
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a point of order, and
read the 129th rule of the House, which says:
<'No motion or piopo=ition for a tax or charge upon the
people shall be discussed the day on which itis made ur offer-
ed ; and every such proposition shall receive its first discus-
sion in a Committee of the Whole House."
Mr. W. contended that the amendment was en-
tirely out of order, as it proposed to lay a tax, and
that the rule of the House expressly declared that
no such " proposition shall be discussed the day
' on which it is made or offered; and every sueli
' proposition shall receive its first discussion in a
' Committee of the Whole House."
The CHAIRMAN sustained Mr. Winthrof's
point of order, and decided the amendment out of
order.
