232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that he should avail
himself of every proper occasion to make what he
considered proper remarks upon any subject pre-
sented for their consideration, without asking the
consent of any one, not even of the Senator from
Mississippi. Whether he thought it proper or
not, would make no difference with him. Mr. H.
had taken the liberty yesterday to make some re-
marks in favor of this resolution, grounded upon
the fact that he considered the information sought
for important, with reference to this very act of
which he spoke as being in the way of the opera-
tions of the Government, as well as prejudicial to
the interests of the country. He said then, and
lie would repeat now, (though he should not have
thought it necessary to do so but for the remarks
of the Senator from Mississippi,) that it was this j
very sub-treasury act, or independent treasury, if
gentlemen preferred that title, with the provisions ;
contained in it, which was beneficial to no inteicst,
either public ur private, but was prejudicial to the
whole inteiests of this great country. It was this ,
act alone, and its provisions, which prevented tins
Government from obtaining the necessary funds ;
for carrying on the war, without the aid of Gov- ^
eminent paper money in the shape of treasury ,
notes. |
Mr. SPEIGHT said he had no wish to abridge
the privileges of the Senator. This was a resolu-
tion calling for information regarding the operation
of what the Senator was pleased to call the mis-
erable sub-treasury act; and before the resolution
was adopted, the Senatoi got up and delivered here
a tirade of abuse—to call it by no harsher name—
against tins miserable sub-trei sury.
Mr. HUNTIIVGTOJY. And I will do so again.
Mr. SPEIGHT. The Senator would doubtless
do so again. He expected nothing else; for it was j
neither more nor less than a contest between the !
people and the moneyed institutions of the country;
and the question was, whether the Government :
ought to have responsible agents for the safe-keep- ;
ing of its funds, or whether they should be in-
trusted to those rotten banking institutions. He j
would not say that the gentleman stood there as !
the mouth-piece of those moneyed institutions !
Which were throwing every possible obstacle in
the way of the Government. Let them have the
Government money to speculate with, and he had
no doubt they would be quite willing to advance
loans. Let the information be obtained, and then
let the Senator, if lie could do so, stand up here
and denounce the independent treasury as a mise-
rable institution.
The resolution wes adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, fiom the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to winch had been referred the ;
bjll from the House providing for the compensa- ■
tion of pension agents, reported the same back ;
with an amendment. j
Mr. NILES, fiom the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill supplemen-
tary to an act entitled "An act to piovide for the
transportation of the mads between the United
States and foreign countries, and for other pur- .
poses:'1 which was read and passed to a second i
reading. 1
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public '
Lands, reported a bill to provide for the settlement 1
of the accounts of Thomas C. Sheldon, late re- ;
ceiver of public moneys at Kalamazoo, Michigan; !
whieh was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. IsILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post R.oads, repos ted a bill for the relief '
of Wade Allen; which was read and passed to the ■
second reading
Also, a bill from the House for the relief of "Wil- 1
ham B. Stokes, surviving partner of John N. C. 1
Stockton and Company, without amendment.
Mr. SEVIER (on leave) introduced a bill ere- |
atmg the office of Assistant Secretary of State, !
and for other purposes; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. °
JThe bill to create the oflh e of Surveyor General
of the public lands in the Territory of Oregon, and
to grant donation rights to settlers therein, having
been engrossed, the question upon its passage was,
on motion of Mr. "Westcott, postponed until to-
morrow.
INCREASE OF THE AJIMV.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved in proeecd to the special
oider, which was agreed to, and the Senate re-
j sumed, as in committee of the whole, the consid-
eration of the bill from the House to raise for a
! limited time an additional military force, and for
| other purposes. - i
! The question pending was upon the amendments j
i submitted by Mr. Houston, which were read, and [
j are as follows: j
i Section one, line four, after the word " organized,'' insert ,
; " nn auxiliary volunteer corp«." _ !
1 Section one. line five, after the word "Mexico," insert '
1 11 to consist of." !
i Section one, line ten, after the wo id {tlawcs," insert "and j
- the piovhaons of this act." ■
i Section one,-hike out the proviso, and, in lieu thereof, ;
: insert: '-Provide!, That the volunteers composing the com- j
i pjinie-j of the ie« prc«ve regiments afoie^iui, shall ploettheir '
[ comp my officers as >oon as the said companies ^hall be fill- ,
■ ed; and the said officers shnli thereupon he appointed m '
' the -Hine manner a< hereinafter provided for the appoint-
ment of the tiehi officers And the company offie< r.- and
; men of the  aid ieminent*, icspectivelj. sdmll cl*ct the field
officer* thereof  oon a- all the companies of' each regiment 1
shall have reached thei< place of rendezvous And when-
over the a'V>ressn:d elections of cor pan\ and field officers ;
shall have ben ceitified to the President, conformably to
such regulations as he shall make, he isliall conwni&Mon the 1
said ot1ie«M> so elected. When vacancies occur ni the ssdd
regiments, thev shall be filled according to grade; and where .
there is no officer of inferior grade to the vacancy m the i
company in which it occur?!, the same shall be supplied by ,
• election ami appointment i'rom the rank and file m the man- 1
; ner heretofore prescribed." j
| Section two. line two, v-trike out the word "inhstnient," ;
> and m-ert "s>erv-ee " '■
I :ion two, line three, strike out the words "to he re- ]
; lecnuted." andmseit " who shall volunteer." j
Add the following: sections: i
i n
! Si:c.—• An-l ^>e it fwither eno'-trrl, That the colonel of each I
• regiment eh all appomtthe regimental staff; and said staff ■
^ shall consist of one adjutant, one quarteiina ter, one com- i
: mis^arv, and one paymaster, (to be taken from the j-uhal- ;
; terns of the regiment,) and one burgeon and two assistant ,
surgeons. !
Sec 4. .Svd he it further cnncied, That so soon hs> the sev- '
oral dtiieeis are elected, they shall elite; upon their jcpp^et- |
ive duties, and &<> hoou ah they receive their commissions i
■ they >ha!i'take and sub^enhe, an oatii to " support the Con- ;
stitutiOM ofthe Un't'd States and to be governed b\ therulo.-
■ and article-, of war,-" which o ith s-hall be administered by
the adjutant oi ins-peetor general of the command, and the
! same bhall be endoised on the commission, and cerafied by
; teport of the fact to the Adjutant General at Washington
i city. i
| "Mr, HOUSTON lose and said that it had not!
' been his desire to occupy any portion of the time ;
i of the Senate in a discussion of the bill now under '
; consideration. But, having submitted some new !
; points in his amendments, and entertaining the '
: views he did in relation to the organization of the I
i troops to be inlisted for the service of this country j
■ in the war with Mexico, he felt it to be a duty in- I
: cumbent upon him; and, in the disehaige of that '
duty, he would endeavor to give such an explana- ■
tion of his views as it might be in his power to .
give. The bill proposed the organization of an
efficient corps for the purpose of conducting this .
■ war to a conclusion, in case proposals of peace '
Khouid not he made by Mexico. Upon this sub- ;
he had had, since the commencement of our ■
difficulties with Mexico, but one opinion, and that :
was, that peace never would be obtained by any '
other means than by making them feel the calami- \
ties of war in their utmost rigor. If they had not
vet felt those calamities to the extent necessary to 1
dispose them to conclude a peace, it was lit that j
this Government should make them feel them, and ■
their inclination would then he governed by their
necessities. This corps, as proposed, would not ;
be considered as a regular corps, or as forming a '
portion of the legular army, but as auxiliary to the !
arm;r in the emergency which now existed. There !
would be a distinction between this corps and the
; regulars, and also between this corps and the mili- i
' tia and volunteers raised by calls from the several
States. To create an efficient corps, it seemed to
him that they should be organized so that they '
would feel that they were attached to the army of
the Federal Government, and that they were not
dependant upon, as receiving^jheir existence from, :
the Executive Departments of the several States. !
The corps now in service being the regulars, as j
1 created by the power which the Constitution gives !
' to Congress to raise armies and to support them, 1
> (for it was exclusively a subject for the legislation \
i and action of Congress, and under the control of J
: the Executive of the nation,) and the militia or '
! volunteers, who were under the control of the 1
Federal Government whilst they were in service,
i although they derived their commissions and or- ]
I ganization from their respective States, there was '
i an inconvenience to the army which existed at ■
this time, and it arose from the fact that there were !
haidly two States in the Union that appointed their
officers in the same way. In some States they were
appointed by the Legislature, and in others they
were elected, and elected by various modes. And
it was impossible in the promotions which must
take place in the army, when vacancies occur, in
order to preserve its organization, that those differ-
ent modes could respectively be preserved. In fact,
no provision was made for filling such vacancies,
and if promotion took place it was done only by
the common consent of those concerned. The
President of the United States had no authority to
commission them, because their commissions were
originally derived from the Executive Departments
of the States from which they came. Hence a
great difficulty occurred in preserving the organi-
zation of the army. But if a corps were created
by Congress, and commissioned by the Executive
of the Federal Government, it would obviate this
difficulty; it would answer all the purposes for
which regulars were intended, and would consti-
tute, in fact, regular forces. It was not the mere
name of regulars that constituted the efficiency of
a corps; it was not the name of regulars that gave
discipline and subordination to men; it more de-
pended upon the terms of the service in which
they were engaged, than it did upon their name or
designation.
If the object was to have an efficient corps, he
contended that the one proposed by his amendment
would not only be efficient, but the most efficient
that had ever been exhibited on the face of the
globe. They would be dissimilar fiom the regu-
lars in this, that they were not composed of men
picked up indiscriminately—men of different lan-
guages and different habits; men not stimulated by
patriotism, but operated on by necessity, and not
oy choice. This corps would be composed of men
prompted by patriotism, and stimulated by chiv-
alry—men who loved their homes, and would go
forth to fight their country's battles with calcula-
tions and anticipations of return; men who, enter-
ing upon the service from love of then* country,
would render themselves indomitable in danger,
unconquerable by their adversaries, and superior
not only to the harshest privations, but to all diffi-
culties and to all perils. These were the men who
left behind them aguarantee for their fidelity. They
were not aliens, either by birth, habits, or educa-
tion. They were young men, chiefly between the
ages of thirteen and .thirty-live, with athletic and
vigorous constitutions, possessing all the high quali-
ties which distinguish soldiers of liberty, warmed
by militaiy enthusiasm, and capablc of rendering
most efficient service.
More than three hundred thousand men (Mr.
H. said) had tendered their services under the act
of last session, but a large poition of them had not
been accepted. He did not precisely understand
the reason why; doubtless, however, because it
was supposed that a sufficient force was already
m the field. In the regular service, where the men
never could be promoted from the ranks, all the
efficiency of a corps was derived from the manner
of its organization; there was no stimulus of hope
addressed to the personal ambition of the soldier;
his efficiency was owing to the drill, and to his act-
ing together with his comrades. In the present
amendment, that objection was remedied.
The amendment provided that the officers should
be.chosen by the men who had volunteered their
services to the country. So soon as ten companies
had been mustered and collected, they were to pro-
ceed to elect their own field officers. When this
had been done, and the result of the choice inti-
mated to the President, he would commission the
individuals thus chosen; and when vacancies should
afterward occur, they were to be regulailv filled,
according to the grade of the officer dead, resigned,
or removed, by the officer next in grade. As soon
as the promotion from below was completed, the
junior officer would receive his commission—the
President having of course been officially informed
of the vacancy.
Another inducement to the volunteers, which
could not apply to regular soldiers, would be pre-
sented by this amendment, and that was the op-
portunity afforded for promotion from the ranks.
Here the private soldier was allowed to hope that,
by good conduct and deeds of noble daring, he
might so distinguish himself as eventually to rise
to the honor of a commission. This amendment
did not allow vacancies in command to be filled, as
they might be in the regular army, by one who
