1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
discretion was taken away. The passage reads
thus, after defining certain powers and duties of.
the President:
" He shall Have power, Dy ami with the advice and con-
sent of the Semite, to make treaties, provided two-thirdsof
the Senators piesf-nt concur; and he shall nominate, and
fcy and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall ap-
point ambassadors, other minsters and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other olfieeib of ihc United States,
whose appointments are not herein otherwise ptovided tor,
•and which shall be established bylaw; but the Congress
■may hy jaw vest the appointment of such inferior oiheers,
•as they think proper, in the Piesidejit alone, in the courts of
law, or in the heads of departments.>"
Now, he put it to the honorable Senator from
Texas, if it be true that Congress has the power of
"declaring that these officers of the United States
shall neither be appointed by the President alone,
nor the President by and with the consent and
advice of the Senate, nor the courts of law, nor the
heads of departments, but that the President shall
issue a commission on an election being made by
the men; why it is not equally in the power of the
•people to elect by popular election, and then com-
mission them by the President, according to the
conditions of that election, those whose appoint-
ment by the President is expressly provided for by
Che Constitution? He confessed, this, with him,
■was an insuperable objection to the gentleman's
amendment. He admitted there was some force
in the observations of the Senator from Texas, but
the Constitution appeared to him to have settled
the matter. They might give the appointment to
the President alone—they might restrain it to the
President and the Senate—they might give it to the
heads of departments—and, though it would be a
■strange spectacle, they might give it to the courts
•of law—but certainly it was not in the power of
the American Congress to commission by popular
election. He confessed that the difficulty he had
on this subject was that he could not reconcile with
the Constitution of the United States the provis-
ions of this amendment, nor yet the provisions of
■the act respecting volunteers which passed at the
last session of Congress. That was not a call
under the Constitution for militia of the States,
because the militia belong to the States. They aie
the organized force of the States, and Congress has
no general control over them. Congress is autho-
rized by the Constitution to call for them as militia,
but only in three specific cases—" to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions." JNow, neither of these cases
-exist at this time; nor did it exist at the time that
law of last session was passed. But in cases where
the militia aie called out, the Constitution declares
how the officers shall be appointed. The appoint-
ment is left to the States. Now, the difficulty he
had, wen respecting the bill of the last session, was,
that it seemed to him that it assumed to exercise
very questionable war powers; and he should not
be willing to yield his scruples to a simple prece-
dent such as that of the last session He under-
stood from gentlemen around him that this same
system was adopted during the last war. That
might be so, but this was a subject on which no
such piecedent could govern his judgment in the
interpretation of the Constitution. The act of the
last session, however, he begged leave to say, made
no provision for the election of the officers by the
.soldiers.
Having made these remarks as to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas, he must beg to
suggest to his honorable friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden J that he could not see how Ins
amendment got over the constitutional difficulty.
It seemed to him that it stood liable to the same
objection as the plan of the Senator from Texas,
winch proposed to elect all the officers. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky proposed to elect the company
officers 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to say that I have not provided anything; my
motion was smply to strike out an objectionable j
feature m the amendment of the Senator from
Texas.
Mr. BADGER. "With that explanation, he
should certainly vote for the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky, but certainly he could not, as at
present advised, consider himself at liberty to enter
into an investigation whether the plan of the Sen-
ator from Texas was a better plan than others, for
it seemed to him to be plainly prohibited by the
Constitution.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said the bill before them
contemplated raising ten regiments to be attached
to the regular army, under the sanction of the Presi-
dent. The substitute of the Senator from Texas
raised the question, whether for regular troops they
should substitute a volunteer corps. Now, he was
for adopting all constitutional and proper meas-
ures to bring this war to a speedy close in an hon-
orable manner; and the sooner the better. He
was not disposed to withhold from the President,
who is to conduct tlus war, either men or money,
to be raised by act of Congress on the piinciples
which he had just mentioned. But he had yet to
learn that there is any principle of patriotism or of
duty which requires this body to endorse every
proposition of the Executive in relation to the
means to be used to carry on this war, and bring
it to an end. He was aware that the President
was responsible, in one sense, for the conduct ot
this war, and he would not withhold from the
President any reasonable confidence, or any suit-
able and proper measures that the Constitution
would authorize. But he was sorry to hear to-
day, as a reason why they should pass this bill in
the shape in which it came from the House of
Representatives, that the President thought that
was the best mode of raising noops, and because
he thought it was the most eilectual way to bring
the war to a close. He repeated that he was sorry
to hear that kind of an argument to induce them to
take this bill, though they might suppose a better
proposition could be substituted tor it; and such
was the design of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. H. did not intend to pioiract this debate, or
to prevent the vote being taken upon this bill, nor
should he at the present stage of this business go
into an examination of the origin of the war, or of
the mode by which it has been conducted: an op-
portunity to do that might present itself hereafter.
We are now in a state of war, and the question
now is, how shall we get out of it m a manner hon-
orable to the countiy, and so as to secure a con-
tinuance ot peace. That was the question. One
mode which had been suggested was, to increase
the regular Ibices, and the other was to iaise vol-
unteers. Now, he was ftce to say, that alter
much reflection on this subject, and m view of all
the attendant circumstances, he was disposed to try
that mode winch was adopted at the last session
of Congress, and that was, to accept the services
of volunteeis to carry on the war to its termina-
tion.
The Senator from Texas had stated many rea-
sons in favor of his proposition, and he did not
now propose to enlaige upon them. But there
were some to which he wished to call the attention
of the Senate as the ground of his own opinion.
One was, that he thought a volunteer force was
more consistent, much more consistent, as a gen-
eral principle, with the spirit of our institutions
and with the feelings and temper of our people.
He thought a volunteer force could be raised much
more readily to enter into this campaign and to
assist in carrying it on than by regular mhstments
in the army. He believed there was power now
existing to raise five or six thousand men for the
regular army which there was difficulty in obtain-
ing; but when volunteers were called for they were
raised at once and go into the service. He thought,
therefore, that it could be done more promptly hy
volunteers. He thought, too, they were the best,
from the fact that experience had proved them to
be so. What have they done, and what will they
do? On this subject the President of the United
States has spoken in language which cannot be
misunderstood. He proposed to read a single pas-
sage oil this point from the Piesident's annual
message. After speaking of the valor and bravery
and exploits of the army in Mexico, the President
proceeds:
" It is a subject of pride and satisfaction that our volun-
teer citizen soldiers, who mi promptly le^ponded to their
eountiy's call, v\ ith an expenence ot the discipline of a camp
of only a few wteks, have boir.e their pait in the haid-fougbt
haulr*"of Monteiey with a constancy and courage equal to
that of v< tcian troop.* and worthy ot the highest admiration.
The privations of maiche  th tough me enemy'.- coumiy,
and through a wilderness, have bucri borne without a inur-
nmi. By rapid movements the province of New Mexico,
with Santa fe, it& capital,has been capturcd without blood-
shed.''
More appropriate language could not have been
used in relation to the gallantry and valor of these
soldieis in the Mexican war, most of whom were
volunteers; and what they have done, there is rea-
son to believe they can do again.
But this is not all. He thought that this pro-
vision for raising ten regiments of regular troops^
to be officered by the President of the United
States, was an unnecessary and dangerous in-
crease of the patronage of the Government. The
Senator from Texas, he believed, had said that
from six hundred to severi hundred officers, would
have to be appointed by the President. Now he
did not feel disposed to confer this power. He
thought already the Executive patronage had gone
far enough, ana that it was neither the policy nor
the interest of the country to extend it. He did
not think he should be mistaken if he said that
when the war teiminales, these ten regiments of
regular troops would be continued in the service,
notwithstanding the provision in the bill that they
shall be disbanded at the termination of the war.
Influences would be brought to bear for the con-
j tinuance of that body of men, and that influence
! would be felt—and, in his opinion, it would not
| only be felt, but be successful. An array of offi-
j cers connected with the interest of the army to be
| retained, connected also with the position of Caii-
! fornia and New Mexico, and other portions of that
j country, would be found to secuie their retention,
i and we shall have this addition to the army fast-
I ened on us, and it would be found impossible to
get rid of it; whereas if they were volunteers, at
the close of the war, they would be disbanded of
course. Then, he repeated, as a general principle,
he preferred volunteers to regular troops; but he
was not disposed to raise them in the form sug-
I gested by the Senator from Texas, to whose plan
there were insuperable objections.
Mr. H. could hardly agree with the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] who said it was
not competent for this Government to take volun-
teer regiments from the States. That they did
by the law of the last session, and he believed on
other occasions also. And with the precedents
before them, he was disposed to yield the compe-
tency of this Government to receive volunteers
into its service. But he could not yield to the
mode of officering them as proposed by the Sena-
tor from Texas. By that plan the President was
directed to commission those officers; but if they
were officers of the United States, how could the
President commission those that he could not
appoint? The section of the Constitution provi-
ding the mode of appointing such officets had been
read, and this plan he was satisfied conflicted with
that provision. He could not, therefore, vote for
it, for he held that it was unconstitutional.
Mr. R. JOHNSON rose and said the hour was
late, yet it was the wish of the Senate, as it was
his own wish, to take the final vute to-night on the
passage of this bill. He could say all he desired
to say in a few minutes. [Several voices : " Oh I
let's adjourn.
Mr. BENTON said this would be an appropri-
ate time to say to the Senate that the Committee
on Military Affairs would desire leave of absence,
for to-morrow, as they would be engaged the
whole day in the examination of documents at the
War Department. [" Then let's adjourn to Mon-
day."]
Mr. ATCHISON moved that when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn to meet again on Monday
next.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he felt constrained to ask
for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN said he should vote for this mo-
tion for the reason that the Committee on Military
Affairs would have to be at the War Office all day
to-morrow, and in their absence the Senate could
not very well dispose of this bill.
Mr. SPEIGHT said if the Senate did not dis-
pose of this bill to-day, and the Committee on
Military Affairs were absent all day to-morrow,
this bill would be postponed to Monday, and
would take another day if not more.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion to adjourn, and it was agreed to. Yeas 25,
nays 19.
Mr. MANGUM moved an adjournment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN desired to say but a single
word. As the gentleman from Maryland was pre-
pared to address them, he thought they ought not
to adjourn.
Mr. ATCHISON intimated that he should move,
at the proper time, to amend the bill by striking
out the first section, and inserting m lieu thereof
a section authorising the President to accept the
services of ten regiments of volunteers to serve
during the war.
