238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
Mr. MAHGUM said if it were the opinion of
theSenate that this biU could he engrossed to-night,
he would not press his motion to adjourn.
Mr. SEVIER hoped if they did adjourn, there
would bean understanding that the question should
be taken on Monday.
Mr. MANGUM replied that his side of the
Chamber was not responsible for any delay, as
they occupied but very little time upon this bill.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped the motion would be
withdrawn.
Mr. MANGXJM submitted to the gentleman
from Mississippi if the bill could be engrossed to-
night. As he believed it could not, he could not
withdraw his motion.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and they re-
sulted thus: Yeas 22, nays 22.
The PRESIDING OFFICER voted in the neg-
ative. The motion therefore was rejected.
Mr. JARNAGIN intimated that at the proper
time he should submit an amendment, which he
sent to the Secretary's desk to be read for infor-
mation.
Mr. R. JOHNSON"* then proceeded to address
the Senate. He observed, that in what he was
about to say, he should not confine himself to the
immediate question before the Senate, which was
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment of the Senator from
Texas, but should address his observations in part,
to the other question growing out of the general
subject. The question presented to them involved
a consideration of expediency, <is well as one of a
constitutional character, and the question of expe-
diency was applicable to the general question
arising upon the Mi!; and what he proposed to say
upon that question, he should say briefly, after dis-
posing of the other.
it had been argued very forcibly by the Senator
from Michigan, and with equal force by the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, and he should not have
thought it necessary, therefore, to say a word re-
gardms; it, but that he found there was still a con-
trary opinion prevailing with some members of the
Senate. The Congress of the United States was
invested with the exclusive power of raising and
supporting armies, and they were also clothed
with the power of calling out the militia. They
were empowered to call into service the militia, for
the purpose of suppressing insurrection, repelling
invasion, and enforcing the execution of the law.
There, their power terminated. The commission-
mo: of officers belonged to the several States, accord-
ing to the laws of those States in which they were
enrolled. This power of raising-armies was given
to Congress for a purpose entirely different from
that given to call on the States for militia—it was 1
given with a national object, to be exerted by the
nation itself in its aggregate capacity, and the
army when called into service under that power,
became the property of the United States. The
men inlisted became the soldiers of the United
States, and the officers thu«5 commissioned neces-
sarily became the officers of the United States.
There were but these two descriptions of forces !
known to the Constitution, which they were an- '
thonzed to bring; into the field: first, the militia, in
the sense of the term as used in the constitution;
and the army, in contradistinction to the militia.
One of two things was true: either the officers to 1
be appointed under this bill were militia officers,
and to be commissioned under State authority; or
they were officers belonging to the army, and their
appointments were to be made by the President. 1
The Senator from Texas proposed that the com-
panies should elect their own officers, and when
the several regiments met together, they should 11
elect their field officers, which election was to be
certified to the President, whose duty it should be,
not to exercise his discretion over the subject and '
satisfy himself that they were the persons proper ■
to be appointed, but to commission them without '
any such examination. He would ask the Sena-
tor from Texas whether he supposed it would be ;
competent for Con^rccs to provide that district 1
judges should be appointed by the people! He 'i
believed that the experience of all times, if fairly •'
consulted, would demonstrate, that for such a war '
as that in which the nation was now engaged, j
* A report of Mr. Johnson's remarks, at hi* request, was I
sent to him at Annapolis, and not rf turned pievious to this 1
X'umbPr going to press. If an> alterations or corrections are i
made, the remarks will be republished in the Appendix. 1
the least efficient, the most dangerous and ex- j
pensive course was, to attempt to carry it on j
by volunteer forces. No man felt more proud j
than he did at the successes which attended the j
action of our volunteer forces in Mexico; but it j
was impossible that they could receive the dis- \
ciphne which would render them as efficient in an ;
enemy's country as regular troops. How were i
Ay, but that bill raises no
Mr. JOHNSON.
revenue.
Mr. SPEIGHT. Means will be furnished.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes; provided we can borrow
the money.
What he meant to say was, that it was the duty
of the Congress of the United Slates at once and
promptly to levy taxes. They imd seen, in the
the companies raised? By a system more or less 'j tariff act of 184ti, that a margm'was left to be filled
of electioneering; and the man who procured his jj up with articles now in the free list in case of war,
j commission m that way must feel, to some extent,
i under an obligation; he must feel that he was re- j
; sponsible to them, or would be so when the war j
was terminated. That description of force was j
only intended by the framers of the Constitution I
to meet a sudden crisis, in order to defend the j
country when time did not permit the preparation i
of a force of a different description. The people j
of the United States were jealous of standing |
armies; they were averse to keeping standing
to meet the exigencies of that war, but,
> --- yet,
they had seen no proposition to fill up that mar-in;
no proposition to tax the. free list. Why should
not tea and coffee be taxed ? It had been said that
it would be an obnoxious duty. He did not think-
so. He thought it a libel lipon the patriotism of
the people to suppose that they would not boar any
amount of taxation deemed to be necessary for the
vindication of the national honor. Men were pre-
senting; themselves by hundreds and by thousands,
armies in the field, unless necessity demanded it; and offering to peril their lives to sustain the coun
try's honor. Would it be a very great thing to
,, and to guard against the possible mischief which !   
;! might arise from the want of a standing army, it : demand of them to pay a small tax°uuon tea ami
j! was provided that Congress might call in the aid ■; coffee? If there was a pait of the hab'itable °lobe
; of volunteers. It was contemplated that there ii ' ... . b
■ should be a reasonable confidence reposed in the >;
: head of the nation; and so far from refusing, in
:1 the present emergency, the troops asked for by j!
. the President, he thought they ought to be granted I'
! by acclamation. The Senator from Connecticut i:
seemed disposed to withhold what he considered i
; would be an increase of patronage from the Exec- |
in which national honor was prized more than
in any other, it was that part in which we lived.
If there were any people living who would fee!
more deeply than any other, national degradation
it was the people of the United States. If there
were any people upon the face of the globe who
would call to sterner account their agents, who
suffered the honor of the country to be assailed
:i Utivc; but he doubted very much whether the Ex- !| from any apprehensions that the people would not
ecutive would be strengthened by such patronage;
for if it were true, as was supposed by the Sen-
ator from Texas, that when this bill should be
passed, thousands would be anxious to get com-
missions in the army, then it would be equally
true that thousands who came to get commissions
would go away disappointed, and be found in the
ranks of the opposition, if there was to be any op-
sition to Mr. Polk at any future election. To carry
on the war m which we were at present engaged, it
was necessary that the whole power of the govern-
ment should be put forth, for the people of Mexico,
finding themselves invaded, and believing such in-
vasion to be unjust, were ready to rise en masse, and
with their capacity for endurance, and courage and
submit to the imposition of a few cents in the way
of tax, it was the people of the United States. Lay
on the taxes, then; take the articles from the free
list, and subject them to taxation. Believing, aa
he did, that no possible mode for bringing this war
to that kind of termination which Congress, by the
act of 13th of May, 1846, declared that that act
was passed to accomplish, viz: a successful one—
but by bringing the whole power of the Govern-
ment to act, he was for giving the force asked for by
the President, and as much more as the exigencies
of the case might demand.
If they would but get rid of the sub-treasury ~ct,
they would get as much money as they might
; ^v„ant',anc* they might marshal to the field a force of
was
„ i*. . j - * , ., ' , i, «..v, mvY miiiia inaianai iu uic iiciu ct lUH
military talents, such as it was, were not to be con- : > fifty thousand troops, and let Mexicosec that it
quered in a day Whatever he might have thought of j our determination to have all the troops that would
the prudence of the President in moving the uoops || answer our purpose. Whatever mi-ht have been
o the Rio Grande, and how unnecessary he might the differences heretofore, one fact they could not
have thought that movement to be, and however || forget-there is a war existing. And they could
clear he might be that the effect of that movement j not help seeing, also, that if n is suffered fo (er-
was to bring on the war, it was not now a time to j
speculate upon it. The Congress of the United I
States, by a vote approaching almost to unanimity, j
passed the act of 13th May, 1846, in the first section '
of which it was declared that, for the purpose of j
enabling the Government of the United States to
prosecute said war to a speedy and successful ter-
mination, fifty thousand men and ten million dollars
should be granted. The war, then, was to go on
until it terminated successfully. What would be a
successful termination of this war? What did Con-
gress declare it for ? He cared not under what cir-
cumstances it was declared, what did they declare
it for' For the idle purpose of marching troops
into Mexico and back a°;ain? Of subjecting our
minate otherwise than successfully, the national
honor will be affccted. They could not bring back
the troops, nor yet simply hold the territory al-
ready occupied, without showing to the civilized
world that we were beaten in this conflict, or that
territory was our object, and that having obtained
that, we are satisfied. There was no American citizen
at home, nor any />f the ten thousand to be found
in other nations, who were looking with pride and
gratification at the glory achieved by our arms in
this war, who would not bow down with humiliation,
when they shall hear that the troops of this coun-
try have been withdrawn, and the war with Mexi-
co has not been brought to a successful termina-
tion. There might be differences of opinion in the
men to the dreadful diseases of the climate, or to ! United States asVthe origin of this war; yet if he
the hazards and perils of battle r Or was it the pur- : — i--  .e .t - . i
pose to drive back the invaders of our soil, and to
drive them back by such a force and in such a
manner as would compel them to come to terms?
The duty of the Government of the United States,
and of the people of the United States, if they were
true to the instincts of their origin, was to bring
this war to a successful termination, and to devote
their whole power in order to accomplish this pur-
pose. The only thing, then, to be considered, was,
how this could best be accomplished—whether it
should be, as he maintained, by an increase of the
regular army, or by a volunteer force. His oppo-
sition to this bill was not that it increased the regu-
lar army m contradistinction to a volunteer force,
but that it did not go far enough. He thought
that they ought to raise twenty or thirty thousand;
but how was this to be done without money? He
would like to have heard from the Committee on
Finance on this subject as to what it was their pur-
pose to do.
Mr, SPEIGHT. I will tell the gentleman. We
propose to report, to-morrow, a bill to authorize a
loan of $23,000,000.
had any knowledge of the character of its people,
there was not a family into which they might go,
{ where they would not find aspirations going up to
Heaven for the success of the American arms.
>i Mr. J. should vote for the bill as it came from
the committee, because he believed it to be in-
/ finitely preferable in that shape, than if amended,
as proposed by the Senator from rfexas. And he
'j invoked the Senate not to put it3eif in a condition,
i| in which it will be in the power of the Executive
; or the nation hereafter to tell them, if any disaster
I j should come to the American arms, that it was
owing to the bad advice of the Congress of the
ij TJnited States. He was satisfied, however, that
<\ they would do their duty. He could say,as one,
II the honor of the nation must and shall be main-
tamed, no matter at what cost. He hoped, there-
fo?e, that it would be found that there was a ma-
jority of the Senate ready to prefer the bill as it
came from the committee, to any other proposition
i, that could be offered.
j' Mr. TURNEY said he should vote for this
i amendment, and he desired briefly to give the rea-
l: sons which influenced him to do so. He was not
