1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
one who was opposed to this war, nor would he
throw obstacles ill the way of its vigorous prose-
cution. The President had asked for, and he pro-
posed to give him, the ten regiments of men; but
he proposed to change the name of them to volun-
teers, who had shown them by experience in this
war with Mexico that they were capable of being
made very efficient. He was in favor, therefore"
of the principle of the amendment of the Senator
from Texas. He would receive volunteers, and
allow the companies to elect their own officers to
command them. For the reasons that the Senator
from Maryland would oppose, he would advocate
the amendment. The volunteers, as soon as the
war was ended, they must bear in mind, would
have to return to private life, and hence would
arise equality in the service. The officer would
make himself popular with his men, having to
return to the same section of country when they
returned to their homes. He would gain the gootl
will of his men by his couise of treatment. From
these considerations, he would be more kind and
lenient, and they, at the same time, would be more
obedient to the officer of their choice.
But the Senator from Michigan thought this
Would be a violation of the Constitution, and there-
fore he could not adopt the amendment. If it were
a violation of the Constitution, the bill on their
table was equally a violation of the Constitution.
The amendment provides, that after the elections
shall have taken place, the President will commis-
sion the officer so elected; and commission and
appoint, he held, were synonymous terms. This
amendment would only restrict his appointments
to the officers elected by the companies. And
what did this bill propose? Why, the very hill
which had received the sanction of the Committee
on Military Affairs proposed to raise an additional
major for each regiment, and these officers were to
be appointed by the President; but the President
was restricted m his choice: he was limited in his
selections to the captains m the army. If, then,
Congress could limit the President of the United
States to a comparatively small number, in com-
panson with the people of the United States, he
held that the Piesident could be restricted to a less
number. If they could restrict the President at all;
if they could limit him to less than the whole peo-
ple of the United States; if they could cut off the
great mass, and confine, him m his selection to a
few, certainly they could lessen the number of that
few from which lie should take them. If they could
lesirict the President in his selection of majors, by
what rule would they deny the power to restrict
him in his choice of colonels ? In his construction
of a doubtful provision of the Constitution, he would
hesitate long before he would construe it against
the mass of the American people. If it were, doubt-
ful from whom the officers should be taken, he
would leave the selection to the regiments them-
selves. All power was vested in the people, and
notwithstanding the danger contemplated by gen-
tlemen in the temptations of grog-shops and treat-
ing, he was one of those who entertained confidence
in the intelligence of the people.
Who clects the highest officers of this Govern-
ment, the President and the Vice President, but
the people' And yet gentlemen intimated that they
had not the capacity to elect a colonel of a regi-
ment, inasmuch as they were corruptible by liquor.
He entertained no such fears. The elections of
officers by the regiments of volunteers m his State
were as well conducted as any elections that ever
took place in that State.
The Senator from Kentucky inquired why, if
you elect a colonel, do you not electa brigadier
general? He could inform that gentleman, that
such was the case 111 1836, and the result of it was
one which reflected credit on all concerned. Gen-
eral Armstrong was elected, which all admitted to
have been an excellent selection. The other offi-
cers, colonels and majors, were selected equally
from the two political parties by the men, and
they marched to Florida, and acquitted themselves
creditably. iNow, he had no fear of turning this
matter over to the men themselves: he contended
that it should be the privilege of the men to elect
those who were to lead them to victory, and theie-
by an appeal would be made to the pride of the
citizen soldiers. But if they were to act under the
command of some person of whom they knew
nothing—some high-heeled cadet from the Mili-
tary Academy—the men would act with reluctance.
They might send such a man to Tennessee, and
he would be unable to recruit a single man; but
let a citizen officer ask them to volunteer under his
charge, and he would fill his ranks in twenty-four
hours, and they would he ready to march m twenty-
four hours more. The best mode, then, was to raise
these regiments as volunteers, with the privileges
which the amendment of the Senator from Texas
would give to them. Were they to presume that
the President would make a better choice than the
people? Why, such an assumption would tend
to show that they were deemed incompetent to
elect the President himself. Would they make
the creature better than the creator? Would they
say that the President was better able to judge
than the people who made him? He could not
understand on what principle the men were to be
deprived of the selection of their officers. He was
opposed to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,! aid also to the
amendment of his colleague, [Mr. .Tarnagi.v,] and
he was equally opposed to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen-,] because none
of them met the views which he had expressed.
Congress, at the last session, gave the Piesident
authority to raise fifty thousand volunteers. Had
they been called into the service? They had not;
and therefore the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio was unnecessary, for that force required no
extension. Now, he repeated that he had no de-
sire to throw any obstacle in the way of the prose-
cution of this war. He would vote all the men
and means that were necessary, and he would give
the President men that were as effective and effi-
cient as any that could be called into serv ice. And
he would give the President officers that he be-
lieved would be satisfactory to the men., who would
go with them into battle, without distrusting their
ability to lead them to victory.
Mr. HOUSTON again rose and said he was re-
luctant to consume any more of the time of the
Senate, but it really seemed to him that there was
some misapprehension on this subject-
Mr. BENTON desired the gentleman from
Texas to give way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON assented.
Mr. BENTON then moved an adjournment.
Mr. SPRJGHT called for the yeas and nays,
and ihey were oidered.
The Senate refused to adjourn: Yeas 16, nays
26.
Mr. HOUSTON then resumed. He proceeded
to show that the mod-e of appointment adopted in
1812 was similar to that recommended in the ori-
ginal bill as it came to them from the other House,
the efFect of which he proceeded to point out. He
went on to contend that if his amendment were
adopted, the ranks would be filled and the volun-
teers be ready to leave the shores of the United
States within thirty days from the passage of the
bill. But if the course should be adopted which ;
was recommended by the bill, he was satisfied that
a regular force of ten thousand men would not be
raised in ten years, and recourse must eventually
be had to volunteers. The regular army was made
up in part of men who weie fioin foreign shores,
and the desertions which had taken place in the
face of the enemy had convinced him that there
was an uncertainty connected with regular troops
that could not be apprehended from volunteers.
The efficiency of volunteers had been shown at
Monteiey, which was won mainly by them.
He then met some objections on constitutional
grounds which honorable Senatorshad raised, con-
tending that the power given to Congress to or-
ganize armies, implied a power in Congress to say
m what manner they should be ofHceied, and how
those officers should be selected and appointed.
The officers' commission was but testimony that
he was recognised by the Government. In press-
ing his amendment, his object was not to embar-
rass the Executive, but to give the President an
efficient corps, and one which would not prove
ultimately to be more expensive than the regular
army. Indeed, the regular army was the most
expensive.
Mr. C1LLEY desired to give one or two of the
reasons which would influence his vote on this
amendment. He did not understand how they
were to keep up subordination in the army—which
was so necessary to make it effective—if the prop-
osition of the Senator from Texas should prevail.
That gentleman proposed to elect company officers
by companies, and the field officers by regiments,
of course, therefore, the person that could elec-
tioneer the best would obtain the appointment,
irrespective of his fitness. Now, he could not yield
his assent to a system which, instead of making
the army effective, would produce disorganization.
Mr. HOUSTON remarked that the elections had
already taken place, and there were three hundred
thousand volunteers organized and ready for ser-
vice, so that all danger was past.
Mr. XJPHAM had no disposition to throw any
obstruction in the way of the Executive in the
prosecution of this war. On the contrary, he de-
sired to see it brought to a close in the shortest
possible period, and hence he should vote for all
such measures as would tend to produce that result.
But before he could vote for a measure, he must
be satisfied of its expediency; and when he was
so satisfied, it should have his support.
The President had called for ten regiments of
regulars, and if he could bring himself to believe
that they were the best troops for the emergency,
he would vote for them. But, under existing jaws,
the President could call out a large body of volun-
teers, which, with these ten regiments, would swell
our forces to seventy-seven thousand men. He ad-
mitted, that if the war was to have an early termi-
nation, it must be by the employment of a large
force, and the question was whether it should con-
sist of regulars or volunteers. He would vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Texas, if he
were not met by the constitutional objection which
had been started by the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Badger.] But he could not vote for
that proposition, with a provision of the Constitu-
tion standing in his way. He was, however,
satisfied that the volunteer forces were the most
.efficient, the cheapest, and that they could be raised
with the greatest facility. With these views,
when he hud the opportunity, he should vote for
the proposition of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr, Atchison.] He would give the President
these ten thousand men as volunteers, and he
would give him -all that were authorized by the
law of the 13th of May last. He had heard no
reason assigned why they were not sufficient—
why the volunteer force was not as formidable, as
efficient, and as desirable for every practical pur-
pose as the regulars. They have sustained the
stars and stripes wherever and whenever they have
been thrown to the breeze. No matter where,
they have gallantly done their duty. He certainly
felt a great repugnance to increase the regular
army. This Government never was designed to
sustain a regular army, either within our own bor-
ders or to go beyond them to conquer other coun-
tries. He knew there was a dazzling brightness
around military service; and he knew that after
our soldiers have fought the battles of the country
they return to private life with renown and honor.
He would therefore give to the President the force
he asks, if he could bring himself to believe that it
was expedient. But he could not agree with some
that they,, as Senators, had no responsibility in
these matters. They had judgments to exercise;
and when they were called upon to grant large
forces, they were called upon likewise to judge of
the expediency of the measure. If they deemed it
expedient to grant the forces asked for, they would
yield their assent; but if not, it was their duty to
give the refusal. Believing that a volunteer force
was the best, inasmuch aa it had been tried and
not found wanting, he, should give his vote for
that measure that would raise that class of soldiers
free from constitutional objection.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Crittenden to amend the amendment by
striking out that part relating to the election of
field officers, so as to leave their appointment with
the President, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
Several verbal amendments, rendered necessary
by the adoption of Mr. Crittenden's amendment,
were then agreed to.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the amendments of Mr. Houston, as amended.
Mr. ALLEN inquired whether it would be in
order to offer his proposed amendment now?
The VICE PRESIDENT replied that it would.
Mr. ALLEN explained that the effect of his
amendment would be to give the President ten
thousand volunteers and ten thousand regular*
also.
Some discussion ensued upon a point of order, in
which Messrs. BERRIEN, ALLEN, SEVIER,
and SIMMONS, took part, when
