1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
the honorable gentleman was understood to state
that the bill then before the House had been intro-
duced for the purpose of rendering effectual pre-
vious legislation on the same subject.
Mr. IiN"GERSOLL understood the gentleman,
however, (and if in error he begged to be corrected,)
as intimating that, up to this moment, no bill had
been introduced by that committee, of which the
honorable gentleman was chairman, that would
effectually answer the purpose of carrying a post-
route to the alleged borders of Mexico. He un-
derstood the chairman to admit that the former
plan was regarded as in some respect or other in-
complete.
Mr. HOPKINS was understood to reply, that |i
such a bill had been introduced last session, but ji
that it was lost in the Senate. !'
Mr. INGERSOLL was about to remark when !!
the gentleman had kindly interrupted him for the j{
purpose of informing him of a Act—for which |
he (Mr. I.) was much obliged to him—that it j
was a most unlucky moment to select for the in- ;
traduction of such a bill, when they were engaged j
in a conflict involving many complicated questions
with their sister Republic of Mexico—one with
whom, of all others, they should have endeavored
to maintain relations of peace and amity. She
was a younger and a feebler sister. "VVe should
be held responsible in the view of a high-toned
and not over friendly family of nations, for pro-
longing in any degree, with a country so circum-
stanced, hostilities of even doubtful necessity.
Great forbearance in the settlement of them would
become us as a magnanimous people, not less than
firm and active prosecution of those hostilities
while they last, now becomes us as guardians of
our honor, and of our fellow-citizens who are
daring all the perils and earning for their country,
no less than for themselves, the crimsoned honors
of a distant war.
It was the acknowledged desire—the avowed
desire of all departments of the Government of
the United States, to bring that war to a speedy
and honorable conclusion. They could not listen
to any conversation in the city of Washington,
from the White House to the Capitol, and from
the Capitol back again to the departments of the j
Government, without finding the desire earnestly ;
and anxiously expressed for a speedy and an hon- ;
orable conclusion to the present war. He read
now from a bill, which quite accidentally happened
to be upon his table, apfffopriating, in mysterious
confidence, no less than three millions of dollars
to defray "any extraordinary expenses which may
be incurred in order to bring the existing war with
Mexico to a speedy and honorable conclusion."
It was reported to the Senate of the United States
on the 19th of January, only four days ago. It
was no secret. Some excellent constituents of his
sat in the gallery a few days ago, marked in their
countenances and habiliments as messengers of
peace, who came from Philadelphia with a me-
morial asking Congress to adopt, with the least
4 possible delay, measures to stop the effusion of
4 blood, and to restore to the North American con-
tinent the blessings of peace." This memorial
they desired him to present publicly, and which
he would have done if he had not been prevented i
by the personal explanations going on in the !
House. These constituents of his had learned 1
from public, certainly not from private, conversa-
tion, that it was the ardent desire of the Execu-
tive—which did him infinite honor—thatitwashis '
ardent desire, in which he yielded to no citizen of
the country, whether wearing a plain garb or a
fashionable one, to bring this war to a speedv and
honorable peace. All agreed in that ardent desire.
No man had risen on that floor, or in the other
department of Congress, and suggested an ideajj
that it was not his warmest desire to bring this j|
war to a just and satisfactory end. Triumphant -
as may be your arms, the exercise of them must :
terminate at last in negotiation. One party can
make war; both parties must make peace. They i
do so by treaty. Why, then, when such desires j
are everywhere avowed, and such necessities and ]
duties necessarily arise, why complicate the ques- !
tion of boundary of all others ? ;
The fact that this very ground was disputed, and |
was therefore to be made the subject of future ad- i
justment, was recorded in characters of blood. It !
would be well remembered, that as the American I
force approached the margin of the Colorado, a i
river far within the contemplated post-route, a 1
Mexican officer crosscd the stream, and gave no- |
tice that its farther progress would be opposed by j
arms. General Worth, at the head of the advan- 1
cing troops, dashed with his characteristic gallantry !
through the stream, and was looked on by all as a !
mark for the first attack. He was happily pre-;
served, by the retirement of the hostile troops, for !
a still graver duty in front of the battlements at :
Monterey. His distinguished military skill on j
that memorable occasion, is now matter of history. '
It has furnished a fine illustration of the addition ,
which may be made to personal gallantry, by j
science and experience in the art of war. The i
United States troops went on still nearer to the Rio , -
Grande. What was the consequence ? The threat u
of the Colorado was executed at a chosen spot, ;
and with large reinforcements. Inch by inch, bat- J;
tie after battle, day by day, the ground was dis- lj
puted by all the efforts of the Mexican arms. The l\
fields of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma, were !,
reddened with the mingled blood of Anglo Saxon, ;
and of Moorish, Castilian, and Indian races. The
bodies of brave men of each country will continue ,
to prove the obstinacy with which these post-route ,j
grounds were contested, until their flesh shall be- '■
come the food of worms, and their hones shall
return to dust. Every inch was disputed. That \
soil was not gained, whether for permanent or
temporary occupancy, until the skill and gallantry
of your soldiery drove from successive fields their ,
numerous and not ill-conducted enemies. It was
on those remarkable days of carnage, and it is ,
now, disputed ground. It was yielded to force, to j.
superior military skill and indomitable bravery. ;!
It will be borne in mind, that the principal ques- il
tion committed to the charge of the Minister who j!
was sent on a fruitless but sacred mission of peace, |!
was a question of boundary. Was it, then, he ask- h
ed, proper to complicate that question of boundary ij
by the passage of a bill which never, till that un- !
propitious moment, had been deemed necessary,
and which was now to be pressed in that House
with extraordinary, and he, would add—great as ij
was his respect for the honorable gentleman the, .
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and for the committee itself— with '■
undue haste? When negotiations are renewed !
Mr. McILVATNE here interrupted the honor- 1
able gentleman by a remark which was inaudible.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he did not mean to say
whether we could or could not legally carry post
routes to the extent now required. His object was ■'
to free the debate from the difficulty which that i,
issue would interpose. It was sufficient that the i:
matter was in dispute. He did not wish to com- ;;
plicate the question. Why should they, with the
eyes of the world upon them, crying "shame," ■:
that they had involved themselves in a war with a >,
weak sister republic, with whom they should have, j
cultivated, and with whom all professed a desire to j1
cultivate amicable relations—why should thcycom-
plicate the difficulties still further, and perhaps at last 1;
afford a warrant for the predictions winch he had ;
seen in certain foreign journals, to the effect toat the
United States would be forced to withdraw from -j
Mexico ? He had seen it stated in some of these
journals, in terms of derision, that General Tav- ;
'lor had, in the course of half a dozen months, ad- |j
vanced about as many miles into the territory of
Mexico, and that the world would soon see him t
driven back, retreating into his own country, ,|
without anything to cover his disgrace, cxceot his |
own tattered fias;. Let them not expose thr.m- ;j
selves to the humiliation of being obliged to retreat
under any circumstances, of negotiation or other- .
wise, from ground which, at alatc moment, un-
necessarily, without consideration, might be as-
sumed in such a mere incidental matter as tins
establishment of post roads.
While upon his feet, he might as well add a
word or two on the great subject of hnne;m<; by
some tangible method this existing war to an hon-
orable close. It was rather a difficult matter to get
the floor. He would not say he was indebted, at
that moment, to the impartiality of the present in-
cumbent of the chair for an opportunity to say a
few words on the subject before the House.
Several voices. Mr. Speaker- • %
Mr INGERSOLL, (raising his voice.) I say,
Mr. Speaker! [laughter.] I have a few words
more to sav. Mexico is in a peculiar state. From
the very origin of her Government, she has been
in a state of comparative anarchy. He believed
that from the existence of that ih-faied nation in a •
state of independence, it had scarcely ever gone
through one tranquil Administration. Its only im-
perial ruler was beheaded or shot. Every Presi-
dent, except the first, had been prematurely and
forcibly dethroned. It is Paredes to-day. It is
Herrera to-morrow. It is Santa Ana next day.
It may be Almonte the day after. They have their
prominciamentos from day to day, and from week
to week. They have no settled government that
can be represented in a course of negotiation for a
speedy and honorabVe peace. In these circum-
stances, 1 cannot but"regret, whilst as a citizen of
this republic, desirous of prosecuting that war vig-
orously as long as our armies are in the field, and
our ships upon the oceari—upon that little ocean
more treacherous than any on which they ever
were exposed—I am desirous to give all efficiency
to our arms; yet I shall always regret that an over-
ture of the only mode in which it is probable that
peace shall ever he obtained—I mean through the
mediation of a friendly foreign Power—was not
accepted.
We remember when Mr. Slidell was in Mexico
his apprehensions were verified by the overthrow,
or at 'least the tottering, of that Administration
which had listened to his proposals to negotiate.
A subterfuge was lesorted to to escape the peril,
and unmeaning or unjustifiable distinctions were
attempted between the office of a cnmrniwiniier and
an enroll, which ended in the breaking off of the
negotiation. In some shape, or other the negotia-
tion may be renewed. Fn one shape it may fairly
be attempted without any the slightest liability to
a mistake of motive. You have beaten the Mexi-
cans in every battle-field. After having tried your
troops in every shape, after seeing each arm tri-
umphant, each brilliantly accomplished, and every
end which their little numbers could by any possi-
ble military calculation accomplish, nobly achieved,
infantry, cavalry, and artillery, vying with each
other only in honorable and glorious emulation to
distinguish their respective corps, there is no danger
of any but high motives being imputed to consid-
erate aims for peace. One at least of the distin-
guished leaders of the Mexican people and their
armies is not unfriendly to this country, as I have
reason to believe. Santa Ana—pecuhaily situ-
ated as he, is, recently returned from exile, hardly
. reestablished in the. confidence of a portion of his
i countrymen, and doubtme; his popularity in the
estimation of all—would, I am well assured, gladly
listen tn proposals of peace. Santa Ana knows
too well what the interests of that unhappy
; country require—with its custom-houses closed,
i without the receipt of a farthing from any source—
: the priests refusing to give up their wealth, and
women talcing their ear-rings from their ears in
order to afford the means of carrying on the war.
In such a state of things you would gain the, peo-
ple, the government, everything, if yon would ac-
cept a proper overture of friendly mediation: and
when we know that that distinguished and hon-
orable gentleman who now so ably represents his
government here, represented that country ably
and acceptably at the city of Mexico for twelve or
fourteen years, by accepting mediation when all
the fragments of the Mexican Government would
be duly represented, and be able to speak through
the mouth ef an interpreter 
Mr. THURMAN here eaul ho wished to ask,
j whether the gentleman m? not aware that the
] Government of Mexico, previous to any knowl-
I edse of the rejection of mediation by the United
States, had also rejected that overture of rnedia-
'■ tion r
Mr, INGERSOLL replied. My own tmpres-
! sion always has been, but I am open to correc-
tion, that'no actual offer of mediation was ever
made. An overture was made, not in this coun-
try but in England, and our Government signified
that it would be able to negotiate directly with the
proper representatives of Mexico. I would merely
add, that it cannot be the policy of Mexico to carry
on the war, as it is impossible for any government
they may have to carrv on war successfully with
1 us. Our little army, almost wooing the Mexicans
to attack them, by exhibiting inferior forces on
every occasion, has beaten them always and every-
where. It must be the desire of all connected with
the Government of Mexico to obtain peace. It is
madness in them to hesitate; and I trust that both
countries will avail themselves of a proper occasion
to effect that conclusion of the present conflict which
■ wisdom on the part of the American Government
