244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
will anxiously seek, and which it would be utter
madness on the part of Mexico to disregard.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he was much gratified at
the sentiments expressed by the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] in
the commencement of his remarks; but he should
have been ranch more gratified, had he not, in con-
clusion, informed them that he could not give his
support to the bill now antler consideration.
I shall not permit myself, Mr. Speaker, to be led
away, on the discussion of this bill, into the mer-
its of the Mexican war. That question has been
■extensively discussed in this House, and has re-
ceived the sanction of the constituted authorities of
this nation; and, if I am not much mistaken, the
American popular breast beats in sympathy with
the action of this and the other branch of Congress.
At any rate, the question raised by this bill is one
of immediate and pressing importance and interest
to my constituents, and I would be doing them in-
justice, if I were to be drawn away, at any great
length from it, into a discussion of the merits of
the war with Mexico.
I ifope, Mr. Speaker,"that the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] will not receive
the support of this Hous.e. From the time of the
annexation of Texa3 to the United States down to
the present day, the greater portion of Texas has
been without mail-routes; yet [ would rather forego
the advantages of this bill, than to pass it with the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio incorpoia-
ted in it. If we leave the bill in its oiigimil foim,
and say nothing of our right to that territory, the
question will not be affected one way or the other.
But if tins amendment is adopted, it seems to me
you at least ca<f a shade over the right of the Uni-
ted States to all the territory for which routes are
provided by this hill.
But it is said by die gentleman from Ohio that
the territory between the Nueces and Rio Grande
is disputed territory. Disputed! By whom? By
Mexico, of course. Now, I would say to that hon-
orable gentleman, and those who act with him, that
if the cldnu of Mexico to the temtory between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande is to influence them,
you have no authority to establish a mail route
upon one inch of the soil of Texas; for the Gov-
ernment of Mexico not only disputes the territory
between the Nueces and the Puo Giande, but every
acre west of the Sabine. This is the position held
down to this very day in all the official documents i
of Mexico. They speak of Texas as one of the ;
departments of Mexico. It is true, that General
Amnudta, when lie found General Taylor near
him, only asked Jinn to retiie to this side of the
Nueces; and tins is referred to by gentlemen on
the opposite side of the House to •show that the
Mexicans have relinquished their claim to any- :
thing east of that river. But if you look at all the
offieul papers that h. ve ever emanated from the
Mexican authorities at the capital of Mexico, you ■
find they uniformly claim the whole of Texas be- '
Uveen the Sabine and the Rio Grande. If, then,
this claim of Mexico to the country between the 1
Nueces and the Rio Grande is to control members !
here, they have not, on the same icasontng, au-
thority to establish a single post-route within the
entire limits of Texas.
But, Mr. Speakei, this bill merely purposes to
establish one mad-route upon the lower liioGrandc.
It does not affect the question of New Mexico. '
It does not establish post-routes; and—I wish gen-
tlemen to mark the fact—it does not establish post-
loutes as far up on the Rto Grande as the republic
of Texas at the last session of its Congress did.
That Government established a route teT the Rio
Grande as high up as Laredo. But it is mainly in '
the lower country that this hill proposes to estab- 1
3ish them—a country over whic.li Texas, whenever
she chose to send out. her little band of patiiots,
held undisputed possession. It is true our popu-
lation, from its .spa rseness, had not yet settled
there: hat anr ranger*—those who have won for i
themselves imperishable laurels at Monterey under
the star-spangled banner—whenever they went to
any portion of the country of the lower Rio
Grande, under the flag of the lone star, went there
unresisted, and came away without meeting an
enemy. ' ° ,
It is urged, Mr. Speaker, that this bill hats come '
upon this House suddenly—that they are unpre-
pared fi.r it. I am satisfied of the general conect-
ness, 1 am satisfied of the integrity, of the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio who made th.estatement;
but I would inform him he is acting under a total
misapprehension. Sir, this bill, or the principles
of this bill—a bill establishing a mail-route to
Point Isabel and to Santa Rita—passed both
Houses of Congress at the last session, I believe
without a single dissenting voice.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. Will the honorable
gentleman state the day on which it passed?
Mr. KAUFMAN. I do not recollect precisely
what day it passed the House; but it was near the
close of the session, and was returned from the
Senate on the lastdav,at too late an hour to receive
the signature of the Spesker and the President, and
so was lost.
And yet we are told that we are in haste! With
a bill that has received the unanimous sanction of
both Houses of Congress, that has been referred
not only to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, but to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (for the substance of this
bill was in the general bill that passed that com-
mittee,) we are told that we are attempting now
to pass this bill in too great haste through this
House.
Mr. VINTON interposed, and (Mr. K. yield-
ing) repeated what he had said when he was be-
fore on the floor, that when these bills were passed
at the last session, it was not the understanding of
any gentleman that they recognised or established
any boundary, for they were not regarded (he
said) as having any bearing whatever on the ques-
tion of boundary: and he entirely agreed with the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoolk,] that,
laws establishing custom-houses, or post-routes, or
post-offices, had not, and ought not to have, any
bearing on the question of boundary. They had
only become material from the fact, that the Presi-
dent of the United States says they have such a
bearing.
Mr. KAUFMAN, (resuming.) I only gave
way to the gentleman for a question, not for an
argument.
The substance of this bill, as I was remarking,
received the sanction of both Houses of Congress
at the last session; but gentlemen have imagined,
perhaps, that they will add a httle to their party
capital by making objections to it now; but it is
too late, as they then suffered it to pass at the last
session without a dissenting voice. Is our title to
this country less clear now than at the last session
of Congress? ITave our victorious eagles at Mon-
terey thrown a cloud of doubt over our title to ter-
ritory whieh was previously unquestioned by gen-
tlemen here, if not unqvwtinnitble ?
I should feel much gratified if the gentlemen
would waive their objections. I tiust this House
will not consent to throw a cloud over our title to
any portion of the country eist of the Rio Grande,
at least to the lower part of the Rio Grande. And
one genthnnan from Massachusetts, a distinguish-
ed statesman, who is not now in his seat, [Mr.
Adams,] at the last session, made a maienal dis-
tinction between the lower and upper Rio Grande,
for he said the title of the United States to the
lower Rio Grande was as clear as our title was to
the island of New Orleans pi evious to its cession to
Spain; but where he left the Rio Grande, he did
not tell us.
This bill, then, merely" proposes to establish
post loutes in that territory, to whieh even some
gentlemen on tiie other side of the House believe
our title to be clear and unquestionable.
The gentleman from Ohio imagines, if you pass
this bill, it will be throwing additional defences
around the Piesident for sending ouraimv to the
Rio Grande, and will be virtually sanctioning the
war, and the course of the Piesident and the
Democratic party. Sir, I believe the remaiks on
this subject of the President of the United States,
in his message, merely went, not to intimate that
a bill of this character would prejudice the rights
of Mexico, but that it should estop the Congress
which passed the law from holding up the Presi-
dent to censure before the world for executing that
law. In my opinion, you may pass acts to estab-
lish as many mail routes as you please, and the
right and title of Mexico to this soil—(if she has
any, which Texas has always disputed)—the title
of Mexico, or of Texas, will be in no way affected.
Let us, then, say nothing about it. Let us pass
the bill as reported before us. More than half the
counties in the district I have the honor to repre-
sent have not had a single mail fi om the time of the
annexation of Texas to this time. Indeed, now
the publication of the offers for contracts under
the old law has been suspended, in order that this
bill might come in, and complete what was neces-
sary, in order to make it of any avail. The pub-
lication for contracts in all the other southwestern
States has already been completed. We requested
the Postmaster General to delay the publication of
these routes until this bill has received the sanction
of this Congress; and I believe it will receive that
sanction, for I see gentlemen all around me, who
will stand up and vindicate the rights of the young
and, in numbers, yet feeble State, which I have the
honor in part to represent. The brave are always
generous; and the strong, while justice rules, will
never trample upon the rights of the weak. The
sentiment expressed by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Inger^oli.,] in the
commencement of his speech—sentiments worthy
of the old Keystone State—I am satisfied, met the
cordial response of gentlemen on all sides of this
House. Even those on the other side will come
up and do as much justice (unless they labor under
erroneous impressions) to the people of Texas ys
those who sit immediately around me.
This bill does not extend the routes across the
river Rio Grande, but merely from Point Isabel to
Fort Brown; and I do trust that the rights of our
gallant soldiers stationed there, as well as of the
citizens of Texas, will be protected; and that while
they are absent, engaged in the defence of the honor
and the rights of their country, they may have the
means of communication with their distant rela-
tives and friends whom they have left behind.
Sir, it is the duty of Congress—and, as a Rep-
resentative from Texas, I call upon the Congress
of the United States, (the President has done his
duty,) to respect the boundary line of Texas. That
boundary line is the Rio Grande, from its mouth
to its source. We have deelaied it: Mexico dis-
putes it, it is said; but during a residence of ten
years in Texas, I have never heard a single citi-
zen dispute the light of Texas to the Rio Grande,
whether founded on her old, original limits, or as
achieved by her victorious arms.
Sir, I maintain it is the duty of this Congress to
respect the boundary line laid" down in the consti-
tution of Texas. The President has done every-
thing to bring about an adjustment of boundaries
and other questions with Mexico. After she had
withdrawn her minister from the United States, a
minister (whom she had previously agreed to re-
ceive) was sent by the President to Mexico to ef-
fect, if possible, a peaceful and honorable adjust-
ment of the differences between us, and he was
spurned from the Mexican capital. And is there
any gentleman who will contend that it is right and
just to say, when the President of the United
Stares has exhausted all the means of reconcilia-
tion in lus power, that he is still bound to give up
thewhole disputed territory, to disregatd the rights
of Texas and her citizens, and wholly regard the
claims of Mexico, who has scorned your mission
of peace > Is Mexico entitled to all consideration,
and Texas, a sister State, to none ? After the
scencs that have transpired at the Mexican capital,
calculated to arouse the indignation of every true
Ameiicdn heart, still the territory of Texas is not
to be respected, her rights are not to he regarded,
hut all deference is to be paid to Mexico1 I be-
lieve this bill will receive the sanction of a largo
majority of this House, and of the other branch of
Congress, and will become a law, without the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio incorpo-
rated in it; for I could not vote for the bill if thus
amended, as it would be grossly unjust to Texas,
and might embarrass the President in future nego-
tiations on the subject,
Mr. STANTON demanded the previous ques-
tion; which way seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now taken.
And the question on agreeing to the amendment
of Mr. Vinton was taken, and dccided in the neg-
ative, as follows:
YEAS—Mie-rs. Abbott, Arnold, A^hmim. Batrmser,Mil-
ton Brown, Buffin<rton, William W Campbell, Carroll, John
G. Chapman, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Gariett Davi$, Dela-
no, Dixon, Dockery. Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Gentrv, Gut-
dtngs. Giaham, Gmler, Grinncll, Hal<\ Hampton, Haiper,
J. W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard. Iliutaon, Washington
Hunt, Joseph R. fn«ersoll, Daniel P. King, T. Butler Kmc,
Lewis, Long, MeGanghey, MeHcnry, Mcllvauie, >far?h,
Miller, Moscley, Pendfeton, Rfptey, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sehenek, Seaman, Truman
Smith, C. B. Smith, Stephens, Strohm, Tiltien, Toombs,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White, Wmthrop, Woodiuff,
Wright, and Young—63.
