1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Biggs,
James Bla^k, James A. Black, Bowdon, Bowhn, Brocken-
brough, William G Brown, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cottrell, Cullom,
Daniel, De Mott, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Edsall, Ellsworth,
Erdman, Ficklin, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Goidon, Hamlin,
Harmanson, Hastings, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Geoigo S.
Houston, Edmund W. Habard, Hunter, Charles J.Ingersoli,
James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Sea-
born Jone.-, Kaufman, Kennedy, LetRer, Lrib, La Sere,
Ligon, Ljumpkin, Maclay, MVCIean, McClelland, JVfcCler-
nand, McDamel, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell,
McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Morse, MouJton,
Norris. Parrish, Pen ill. Perry, Phelps, PiJIsbury, Reid, Bit-
ter, Roberts, Russell, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Alexan-
der D. Sims, Leonard H. Sim*, Simpson, Thomas Smith,
Robt. Smith, Stanton, Strong, James Thompson, Thurman,
Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick,
Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, Woodworth, and Yost—97.
So the amendment was rejected.
-The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was read
a third time, and passed by the following vote:
Yeas 115, nays 50.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, (on leave,) moved
the following resolutions; which were read and
ordered to lie on the table:
Resolved, That it is expedient to prosecute the
existing war with Mexico with all possible vigor,
until that Republic consents to give or recci# pro-
posals for an honorable and permanent peace be-
tween the two countries. •
Resolved, That the House will promptly vote
men and money to prosecute the war in the man-
ner and for the purposes indicated in the foregoing
resolution.
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to connect with
the subject of the war any subject of internal pol-
icy calculated to embarrass the vigorous prosecu-
tion thereof.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT gave notice of
his intention to ask leave to introduce at an early
day a bill granting a bounty in land to such soldiers
of the old fourth regiment of United States infantry
as served daring any part of the war with Great
Britain.
Mr. SEAMAN (on leave) introduced a bill for
the relief of sick and disabled sean\en. Referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing1 communications:
I. A letter from the Commissioner of Patents,
transmitting his annual report of the operations of
the Patent Office for the year 1846. Laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
transmitting, in obedicnce to the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 2d instant, are-
port of the amount of public lands which have
been appropriated by alternate sections to the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Arkansas,
for internal improvements,and the total amount of
lands granted to each of said States, &c. Laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Bills from the Senate, of the following titles, were
read a first and second time and appropriately
referred:
An act for the relief of William B. Keene; an
act for the relief of the heirs of Crocker Sampson,
deceased; and an act fur the relief of Richard S.
Coxe.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and leferred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. SCAMMON: The petition of Dorcas Seavcy,
widow of Ebenezei Seavey, late of Brownfield, Maine, de-
ceased, pravmg the allowance of a pension on account of
wounds and disabilities received by her late husband in the
last wdr with Gipat Britain.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The memoiial of Josiah Smith
and 128 other inhabitants of Gardiner, Maine, asking that
hostilities may immediately case with Mexico.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The poution ofEIKvood "Reeves and
118 others, of Simon Bernard and 53 others, and of Thomas
Adamson and 10 others, all inhabitants of Pennsylvania,
asking Congress* to take measures for effecting *uch changes
of the Constitution and laws as shall abolish slavery through-
out the Union in the manner that may be most consistent
with justice and the rights and interests of every section of
the countrv.
By Mr. HALE: Petition of Joseph Holmes for fishing
bountv in schooner May B^e.
By Mr. McCLEAItf: The memorial of Abigail Jackson
and 33 others, Thomas H.imbleton and 35 others, Caleb C.
Hood and 53 others, all inhabitants of Pennsylvania, asking
of Congress to take measures for effecting such a change m
the Constitution and laws as shall abolish sl.wery through-
out the Union in the maimer that may be most consistent
with justice and the rights and interests of every section of
the country.
By Mr. MOSELEY: The petition of many citizens of
Buffalo, that Congress will use all its constitutional power
to bring to a speedy close the war with Mexico.
By Mr. FRIES:"The petition of citizens of Wellsville, ;
Ohio, asking an appropriation of public lauds to aid in the
construction of the Pitt-burg and Cleveland railroad.
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The petition of citizens of
Monroe, Michigan, for a giant of alternate sections of the
public land^ for thp construction of a railroad from Toledo,
Ohio, to Detroit, Michigan.
Bv Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL: The memorial of Thomas 1
S. Taylor and 46 others, of Jacob Way and 37 others, and of '
Ellwood Brown and 21 others, inhabitants of Pennsylvania, 1
asking Congress to take measures for effecting such changes .
of the Constitution and laws asshall abolish slavery through- !
out the Union in the manner that may be most consistent j
with ju&tice and the rights and interests of every section of ,
the country. j;
By Mr. LEVIN: A petition of J. Justice Pitman and 64 ;
other citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition of ,
slavery thioughout the Union. Also, a petition of Aaron !'
Kirk and 71 other citizens of the same State, praying for the ij
same object. ;!
By Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL: The petition of L. Stone,
praying for compensation for Fiench spoliations prior to !'
the year 1800. ;
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of S. S. Guthrie and 68
other citizens of Putnam, Ohio, piaying that the present ^
war with Mexico may be ^pocdily terminated. 1 j
By Mr. STEWART: Sundiy petitions m relation to the
abolition of slavery. !j
By Mr. S. D. HUBBARD: The petition of Timothy Sav- ;|
age, of Middletown, in Connecticut, asking indemnity lor
French spoliations. Al=o, the petition of L. Stone, of J
Derby Court, (who has readied the advanced age of ninety- i
six.) to the^ame effect. '
By Mr. STROIIM : Three petitions, fciarned by citizens of 1
Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of a law to abolish i
slavery throughout the Union in such manner as may be j
most consistent with justice and the rights s?nd interests of ;
every section of the country, viz: the petition of John L. i
Adamson and 46 others, Isaac S. Flint and 23 others, and j
of Sarah Brown and 29 others. j
By Mi. MrCLEAN. The petition and arcompaning doru- j
menta of Nathaniel Bailey, a revolutionary soldier, for a I
pension. j
By Mr. ALBERT SMITH: The petition of Owen Griffith j!
and 221 others, citizens of Geueu.ee county, New Yoik, in |'
favor of the « freedom of the public lands," and againt-t the ]1
"system of land traffic imported to tins country from Eu- i:
rope." !
By Mr. RAMSEY : The petition of the Piesident of the !!
Mechanics' Bank of New Yoik. piaying to be reimbursed j1
for money overpaid by him a? agent for piivatecr pennon-*. ;
By Mr. GRVNNELL: The petition of Samuel Ta\lorand
23 othei*, citizens of Chatham, Massachusetts avbing (.'on- i
gress to use all their constitutional powers for terminating, ;
as soon as possible, the pipsent war with Mexico, without :
any further waste of blood or treasure. Al-o,the petition of
citizens of Nantucket, against the lepeal ot the pilot law of
1837.
By Mr. BEDINGER: The memorial and petition of cer-
tain citizens ofFredeiick county, Virginia, praying the f\stah-
lishment of a branch of the district court of the United States
for the western district of Virginia, with circuit court juris-
diction, in the town of Winchester.
By Mr. McILVAINE: The memorial of John W. Heine
and 99 others, Caro. Iiibb and 43 others, and Isaac S. Wentz
and 9 others, inhabitants of Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of measures for effecting such change in the Con-
stitution and law* as shall abolish slavery throughout the
Union.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of the Board of Mana-
gers Of the American Colonization Society, piaying Con-
gress to reimburse to them the expense, &e., incurred in
supporting and maintaining iri Monrovia the slaves captured
in the bark Pons by the American naval force on the coast
of Africa.
Bv Mr. HOPKINS: The petition of 52 citizens of Pulaski
eounty, Viigmia, remop*hatms against the establishment of
a district court of the United States at Abingdon, m that
State. Also, two other petitions, signed by 10 citizens of
Canoll conntv, tor the same purpose.
By Mr. CARROLL: Tne petition of Henry Dwight and
others, citizens of the counties of Ontaiio, Yates, Senec-d,
and Wayne, of the State of New Yoik, asking for peace with
Mexico.
By Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL: The memoiial of the repre-
sentatives of ttie Yearly Meeting of Friends, held in Phila-
delphia, for Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, and the
Eastern Shore of Mat viand, respectfully but earnestly en-
treating Congiess to use peaceful measures for a speedy
termination of the war m which our country is now engaged
with a neighboring people.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts: The memorial
of 43 citizens of Goshen.Hampshire county, Massachusetts,
praying Congress to take &uch measuies, within its consti-
tutional powers, as may be best calculated to bring the war
with Mexico to as speedy a close ad possible, without any
further waste of blood and tred>urc.
By Mr. HUDSON : The petition of R. M. Chipman and
others, of Athol, in Massachusetts, and of Lewis F. Clarke,
and others, of Northbudee, Massachusetts, piaying that
peace may be restored to the country.
By Mr. J. R INGERSOLL: The memorial of the repre-
sentatives of the lehgious Society of Friends, (commonly
called Quakei?,) m Pennsylvania, New Jersey, asking
Congress* to adopt, with the least possible delay, measures to
stop the effusion of blood, and to restore to the Noith Ameri-
can continent the blessings of peace.
Bv Mr. GRAHAM : The petition of Joseph Keener, John
B. Allison,and others, asking Congress to make an adequate
appropriation to remove about eighty-five Catawba Indians !
(the last of a once powerful and numeious tube) ftuin Ilay- i
wood county. North Carolina, to the wild woodland west of j
the State of Arkansas.
By Mr. CHAPMAN, of Maryland: The memoiial an4
petition of Orazio de Atteliis Santangelo, for indemnity for
claims against Mexico. Also, the memoiial of Margaret
: Fitzhugh, J. Huds-on Pottinger, and others, heirs of Joha
I Hudson, for indemnity for French spoliations prior to the
year 18Cfe.
: By Mr. HCJBARD, of Virginia: The petition of Mrs. Pris-
cilla Scott, widow of Joseph Scott, deceased, praying for a
' revolutionary pension.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of Charles Smith and79
others, citizens of Philadelphia, for the abolition of slavery
. throughout the Union. Al«o, the petition of Samuel Kirk
and 50 others, citizens of Philadelphia, for the same. Also?
the petition of Levi Coates and 45 others, for the extinction*
! of slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia
i and the Territories of the United States.
! By Mr. VINTON: Two petitions fiom inhabitants of the
1 county of Washington, State of Ohio, praying Congress tp
I use its constitutional powers to bring the war with Mexiea
: to a speedy close, if possible, without further effusion of
i blood.
1 By Mr. LIGON: The memorial of Caleb D. Owiags,
' C. H. Owings, and T. Griffith, heirs of Nicholas Owing3,ae-
| ceased, and others, praying indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Joshua Miltett
and fiO othei inhabitants of Wayne, m the State of Maine,
asking that Congress will use all its constitutional power to
teimmate the war with Mexico as speedily as possible, with-
out further effusion of blood.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 25, 1847.
The Journal of Friday last was read and approved.
Mr. ARCHER presented the credentials of the
Hon. James M. Mason, chosen a Senator by the
; Legislature of the Commonwealth of Virginia to
i supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of the
j-Hon. Isaac S. Pennybacker; which were read; and
: the oath required by law having been administered
by the VICE PRESIDENT to Mr. Masojt, lie
took his seat in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, made in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, in relation to
the removal of the Seminole Indians from Florida,
and the number and condition of the Indians per-
mitted to remain there; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
i Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
j made agreeably to law, accompanied by a state-
i ment of" contracts made by the Bureau of Provis-
ions and Clothing for supplies for the navy; which
| was laid upon the table.
j Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
made agreeably to law, accompanied by an abstract
■ of expenditures, under the head of contingent ex-
! penses, for the year ending; September 2R3, 1846;
which was laid on the table.
Also, a report of the Commissioner of Patents,
made agreeably to law, relating to the operations
of the office during the year 1846; which was laid
on the table.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Hola Ta Emathla and other Seminole Indians,
praying compensation for their services during the
Florida war; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citizens
of Carbon county, Pennsylvania, praying a grant
of public land to aid in-the construction of a rail-
road from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Also, the memorial of the heirs of Joseph J.
| Miller, deceased, praying indemnity for French
| spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
! the select committee on the subject.
| Also, a memorial of marine insurance companies
| of the city of Philadelphia, praying the adoption of
: measures for the greater security of commerce
| along the coast of Florida; which was referred to
j the Committee on Commerce.^
j Also, a memorial of marine insurance companies
| of the city of Philadelphia, praying the estabiish-
1 ment of a permanent court of admiralty at Key
; West in Florida; which was referred to the Com-
: mittee on the Judiciary.
M r. THOMAS CLAYTON presented a petition
! of citizens of New Castle county, Delaware, pray-
1 ing the adoption of measures for the speedy tcrrni-
i nation of the war with Mexico; which was referred
| to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
' Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Robert
M. Harrison, United States consul at Kingston,
Jamaica, praying indemnity' against loss by the
failure of a citizen of the United States, whose
