1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-247
if we had chanced to serve together. I was then
colonel in the service of the United States, com-
missioned by President Madison, under a law of
Congress, and led a regiment of my own raising
from Tennessee to the lower Mississippi, under
General Jackson, to meet the British then expect-
ed at New Orleans, but who did not come till 1814.
I was then of a rank, and in a position, to have
commanded, if we had met, every general now in
service. Even in the regular army, in 1813,1 was ]
lieutenant colonel while most of the present gen- |
erals were company officers, and only one of them i
of the rank of colonel. Yet I scorned to mention j
these things, even to bosom friends, while the j
measure was depending, and only do it now for [
the purpose of rescuing the President from the sup- i
posed breach of military decorum which the appoint- j
merit of a citizen from civil life (myself being that !
citizen) to the command of the army would imply j
in the opinion of the Senator from North Carolina, i
Sir, if the appointment of a citizen from civil life ,
to the command of the army, would be an insult 1
to it, that army is now already grievously insulted;
for the present President is from civil life, and is j
now the constitutional commander-in-chief of the
army, with rather more power than a lieutenant j
general would have, and rather less experience in ;j
military affairs than the proposed one possesses. |i
Finally, and to conclude the vindication of the '
President in this particular, [ can say that Mr. ]i
Polk is not the first President who proposed toil
give me the command of the army against Mexico j|
—that GeneralJackson himself proposed it in 1836, ;;
when our affairs witli that country looked warlike; ;'
and that then, as now, I agreed to take it. ;
And here, Mr. President, having fulfilled my ],'
task of vindicating the Chief Magistrate of the jj
Union from the design, hypothetically imputed to !>
him, of wishing to appoint his successor, in my !!
person, and by means of this lieutenant general- Ij
ship, I might close my remarks; but as my name Ij
has been coupled with this business, and as I have ij
remained silent, and even left my seat while the ;i
measure was depending, I must now take leave,
with the kind indulgence of the Senate, to proceed
a step further, and to say a word on my own ac- |
count; and to show that service, and not rank, was I
my inducement to agree to the offer of the Presi- ii
dent; and that there might have been cases in which 11
I would not have accepted the office of lieutenant i;
general even if it had been created. I have already |
said that I will not now show what my own plan '
was; but I can say of it that it was a plan which j;
looked to a result, and promised an issue, and that I'
briefly; and that I would have had nothing to do !i
with any plan of any other kind—nothing to do j!
with any plan that contemplated a long- and mo- i
derate war, or a war of masterly inactivity, or of I;
retreat upon the Rio Grande, or of defending; aline; !
or of attack upon the idle and solitary castle of San Ij
Juan of Ulua—especially at the commencement of j
the season for the black vomit. In no one of these j
cases would I have been lieutenant general, or j
captain general, or major general, or colonel gene-
ral, or any other sort of a general that evei was j
heard of. I know very well that the President i
had no idea of any one of these most amiable plans; '
but there is a way to give him an idea of them, and
even to force them upon him; and that would be, ;
by the simple process of denying him the means
of doing anything else. . :
I shall not state my plan; but I will say of it,
that, besides intending a result, it proposed to
carry on the war, while there was war, according
to the usage of all nations in the case of invasive
war—the invadeis to be paid and subsisted by the <
invaded. Contributions regularly levied—duties '
regularly collected—would accomplish these ob-
jects, and leave the United States free, or nearly
free, from the expenses of the war.
I can say, further, that my plan was not limited 1
to a mere military view of the subject; that it com- !
prehended a union of policy and of arms—the (
olive-branch to go with the sword, ministers to :
treat, as well as an army to fight. A diplomatic :
mission, nationally constituted both in a geograph- I
ical and in a political sense, was to attend the head- |
quarters; and, while the ministers stood ready to !
negotiate at every step, the army was to take an j
organization and an attitude to give emphasis to \
negotiation. And this combination of arms and i
of policy was not mere guess work, the idle con- |
ception of fancy; but the result of a knowledge of j
the state of parties in Mexico—a peace party, for 1
honorable peace; a war party, for endless war—as
was so luminously shown by the Senator from
New York [Mr. Dix] a few days ago. My plan j
was adapted to both of these parties—honorable i
peace for the one; the sword for the other. The '
military part of the plan has fallen to the ground:
the diplomatic part falls with it: and now it devolves
upon those who have frustrated the plan of the j
President to present him a better. j
I counted much on the efficacy of the diplomatic !
part of this plan; for great errors prevail in Mexi- !
co with regard to our designs and feelings towards
that country, and which nothing but an authentic i
mission can remove. The war party is incessant |
in its calumnies against us, artfully contrived to j
operate on every class of the people, and to render j
peace impossible. It has a falsehood for every l|
class. To the religious orders the war is repre- j
sented as a war of religion—the Protestant agamst |
the Catholic—and a war of sacrilege—the spolia- jl
tion of the churches. To the Creole Spaniards and J
the Indians of mixed blood, they present it as a jl
war of races—the Anglo Saxon against the Span- !"
ish American—and the subjugation of the latter j1
intended. To the unmixed Indian race, (nearly j!
the one-half of the whole population, and the sole j
resource of the armv for 'ts rank and file,) it is 'j
presented as a war of extinction, or of slavery— ll
their race to be extirpated, like so many tribes in "
would be to postpone the present order and to take
up the loan bill.
Mr. HUNTINGTON saidhe hod nodisposition
to interfere with the early and prompt considera*
tion of this bill; but it was a bill of considerable
importance, and had but just been reported, and
I he very much doubted whether its provisions were
' understood by the Senate generally. Utiles^ his
honorable fiiend the chairman of the Committee
on Finance believed that there was an absolute
necessity for the passage of the bill to-day—unless
the necessity was so urgent that one day's delay
would be of fatal consequence to the Administra-
tion, he could not see why they should not have
the ordinary privilege of giving to this bill an ex-
amination, such as bills of minor importance were
entitled to, of one day at least. This was usual, and
it was highly important, he thought, in th« case of
this bill especially; but if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finanec meant to be understood as say-
ing that it was indispensable to th^ public service
that the bill should be acted on to-day, and that if
deferred public credit would sustain an injury, or
public faith be violated, of course he would waive
all objections, and consent that the Senate should
procced at once, though no time was allowed them
for examinaiion.
Mr. LEWIS said that, in relation to the neces-
sity for speedy action upon this bill, he was au-
our North America; or to be earned into slavery | thorized by the Secretary of the Treasury to
to work the fields of their masters, like the slaves ;! niake as strong an appeal as could be made. The
And, to aIT, it is presented bill was brought to the Senate on Friday last, and
brought from Africa.
as a war of ambition and of conquest, in which
there is no peace for Mexico but in the degrada-
tion of her citizens and the loss of her independ-
ence. A mission, such as I proposed, would au-
j immediately referred to the committee, and such
1 examination given to it as the time would permit
f of on Saturday. There was a meeting of that
! committee this morning, and he had been directed
thentically contradict all these calumnies, and show ;l this course; and he hoped, as the measure
the deceived people of Mcxico that just and hon- j was such pressing importance, that it would be
orable peace is all that we want; and that, far from j P^'^^iwitj^w'Uiout ^e^dy*
wishing her degradation, both policy and interest
unite in making us wish to see her prosperous,
happy, and independent. She is a republic—our
neighbor—who did us the honor to copy our form
of government, and had a great commerce with us.
The injuries of which we complain were the work
of a few, while the great majority of the people,
who have done us no harm, are willing to do us
justice; and every republican in Mexico recipro-
cates the wish for that close connexion, political
and commercial, between the two republics, which
is necessary to their own prosperity, to the sta-
bility of the republican system in all the Spanish
American States, and to the complete^independence
of the New World from the Old.
I counted much on the*efficacy of the diplomatic
part of the plan, and not less on the military part,
if the other failed. Of this I can say nothing but
that it was not framed in total ignorance of Mexi-
can character, Mexican country, and Mexican re-
Mr. EVANS said he confessed that he greatly
regretted that the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance and other gentlemen on that side
of the Chamber were so desirous that this matter
should be pressed forward without a moment's
time for consideration. He had occasion very'
often before to remark that bilU of this descrip-
tion, which required a very careful examination,
were hurried precipitately through the Senate.
They always happened to come at a moment when
the public exigencies requited that they should not
be delayed for a single day. Tie hoped that a de-
lay of twenty-four hours would not very seriously
embarrass the Administration. He understood
the honorable chairman, at the meeting of the
committee, to say that it would not be pressed
until to-morrow, in which case he had not intend-
ed to offer any objection or throw any obstacle in
the way of the immediate action of the Senate
upon it; but his engagements for the last four or
sources. Forty years ago I studied Humboldt, ij ^ve days had been such that he had not had an
  , ... ; opportunity even to read the bill. He was not
and did not overlook his chapter on the military
defences of the country, and especially his impo-
sing development of the great elements of dcfencc
with which nature had endowed her; the dangers
of the coast when the north wind was blowing,
which blows from the autumnal to the vernal equi-
nox—the black vomit when it was not-—and the
deep defiles of volcanic mountains. The plan may
have been bad; but it was not conceived without . .
some knowledge of the subject; and it promised a i. a^e condition as was represented by gentlemen
result—peace to the country, if it succeeded; and || ort that side. He hoped the bill would be allowed
! to lie over until to-morrow, and he would, then be
prepared to say a few words in ielation to it.
1 Mi. SPEIGHT s.iid he was surprised at the
j obser\ations of the Senator fiom Maine. If this
, was a bill that had been thrust upon the Senate
i this morning as an original proposition, there
might he some reason for the arguments of the
going to oppose the passage of the bill ultimately,
but he wished an opportunity to inquire into the
condition of the Treasury, and to ascertain the
occasion of its being in such a condition as to de-
mand the immediate passage of this measure. He
hoped that the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance would explain to the Senate why it was
that the public Tieasury was now in such a lament-
-peace t
to the soldier that died, a death worthy of the sol-
dier—the battle-storm his embrace, the field of
honor his bed, the lofty summits of the Cordilleras
his monument and his grave !
THE TREASURY NOTE AND LOAN BILL.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance, ,,
reported the bill from the House to authorize a ■; honorable Senator: but he would ask the honora-
loan, and the issue of treasury notes ' Wo ■<"  < '! nlrfntlv been nnnt-
Mr. LEWIS moved that the Senate proceed to j
the consideration of the above bill, observing that ;
an urgent necessity existed for the immediate pas- j,
sage of this bill. The means of the Government ;
were at present contracted, and this measure was J
required to afford the necessary relief. |
Mr. BENTON said, that although he was ;
anxious to proceed with the army bill, yet, as the i
chairman of the Committee on Finance desired ,
that this subject should be taken up, he. would i
yield precedence to his hill, as it was deemed in- !
dispensable that it should be acted on immedi- j
ately. j
Mr. SPEIGHT observed that the proper motion 1
ble Senator if this bill had not already been print-
ed, and if he had not had ample opportunity for
two weekspastof exannningitr The billwas print-
ed m the House of Representatives, laid on the
tables of every member, was ducus&cd and passed
in the House ^md every Senator had had mne to
make up lu& mind, and to acquaint himself with
the principles of the bill. 1 ne honorable Senator
had said that such bills always came to theni at
time when they were told that the exigencies oi
the Government required that they should he
speedily passed. He asked the Senator if lie did
not himself know that the necessities of the treas-
ury were such as to demand that this bill should
be passed with all speed, and if there was not be-
