250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
said all he desired to say about that; but he did
not refer to that alone, when he said the present
condition of things had been predicted. He al-
luded to the general policy of the Government.
The Senator from Arkansas said all the informa-
tion that could be desired could be found in the
documents which had been furnished to them.
Well, he had read the documents, and what was
the result at which he arrived ? They adopted a
system in 1841-2 which revived the prostrate con-
dition of the treasury, in which it was found in
1841; paid all the liabilities of the Governmen t, and
left a surplus of twelve millions of dollars in the
treasury to go on with, with the public credit fifteen
per cent, above par. And what had become of it ?
Why they had spent it all, sunk the public credit
below par, and now they came here and asked for j
the temporary aid of this bill. He repeated, that
he was not referring; alone to the tariff of 1846, but
' to the general system of policy which had been
pursued. There was the sub-treasury system, the
revenue system, and the warehousing system,
which might be very good in time of peace if prop-
erly guarded and limited, but most extraordinary
in the circumstances in which the country was
placed.
The Senator from Arkansas had said that he
(Mr. E.) knew all these things as well as any-
body, for the Secretary of the Treasury, in the
documents which he had furnished, had given
them ample information. Well, but the Secretary
said that tins revenue bill had yielded all he ex-
pected from it. The Secretary had said to them,
give me the lcvenue bill and tell millions loan, and
I will carry oil the Government to the 30th day of
June next. He (Mr. E.) did not believe it at the.
time, and he said so. And what were they now
foresaw that, at the next session, the entire sys-
tem would be revived, and that it was then unne-
cessary. The Secretary of the Treasury has now
manfully recommended a tax on tea and coffee;
but a duty of twenty or twenty-five per cent,
would give him less than ought to be derived in an
emergency like this from such a source. They
had thrown away one and a half millions on sugar
and molasses, half a million on salt, three quar-
ters of a million on wine and spirits, and nearly a
million on silks, and without touching the protec-
tive policy at all. Why would they not bring up
their revenue to thirty-five or thirty-six millions
by a proper system? No, they preferred to bor-
row, from day to day, not even looking thirty
days ahead. Could they then expect that our
stocks would maintain themselves at par'
But the Senator from Alabama told them they
gotso much by customs in Decemberand January.
Now, when does a revenue system adjust itself to
the business of the country? or the business of
the country adjust itself to a revenue system ?
Not until years have passed. Why, in the month
of December there might have been some circum-
stances to account for the increase. A good east-
erly wind would blow in a much larger fleet m a
few days than usual, and thus more revenue would
be got at the custom-house. But could they point
to an increase under such circumstances as evi-
dence of a superiority of a financial policy ? Noth-
ing was more fallacious. If December and Jan-
uary got more, it was because October and No-
vember got less. But again, something might be
attributed to the warehousing system, and he was
therefore a little surprised that the increase was
unsaleable—to 16 per cent, above par ft the mar-
ket. Why was this ? It was because those who
had money to loan bccame satisfied that the Gov-
ernment would be able to meet both principal and
interest promptly.
But it was said that there was here proposed a
pledge of the public lands to pay both principal
and interest: and what did that amount to? The
creditor would as lieve have the general pledge of
the Government. But there was something else
here. The Government reserved to itself, under
this bill, the right to modify the land laws, so as
even to bring in no revenue. The Government
was not limited not to sell the public lands for less
than 'a dollar and a quarter an acre. Why, they
had now a bill before them, whie'n proposed to
reduce the price below that amount. They had
another bill by which it was proposed to give scrip
to the volunteers by wav of bounty, and hence, if
that should be passed, they would have no revenue
from the lands for several years. The lands, there-
fore, were merely a nominal security; and that
class of men that lend money for the sake of its
interest, will require some other security. The
money lender, also, would desire to be informed if
it was intended to issut^any more stock, and how
Ion0, the war was likely to endure, and if a loan of
twenty-ei°"ht millions is now wanted, how much
would be wanted a year hence;, for they knew well
that if no revenue was provided to redeem this
stock, that it would fail. They would tell you that
they will not purchase this stock, because in a
year's time there would be other stock issued,
which would reduce the price of it in the market,
and insure to them a loss. But "even this was not
all. The specie clause in the sub-treasury law
ermired every dollar to be paid in coin, and so long
satisfactory
be obtained
not much greater.
nd he said so. Ana what were tney now i The Senator from Arkansas told them that the i; iwjuucu y r- - Unfl ~
old > Why, that the Government could not get |j protective policy was dead, and that they need not as that provision remaiined the ™
alon°- twenty-four hours without the passage of1! trouble themselves about that. Well, the next ; would not take the stock. These were sdtL.tactoiy
this bill. Now, how did this happen, that when House of Representatives, seeing the Government
the fiscal year was but half' gone all their means ; in such a strait, might see fit to remodel the whole
were exhausted, which the Secretary told them ■: system as they would find it, and iestoi;e some-
would be sufficient for the entire year ? ',1 thing like that which was destroyed m lb46,
Mr. E. knew it was all spread out there in those ;; coupled with a duty on tea and cottee, to revne
documents, but he also knew how impossible it i) and restore the credit of the Government. And if
" that should be done, he presumed his friends oppo-
site would find that they could not reject it. They
had now a project to raise the pay of the soldier
was to make estimates of the expense of such a
war as this in which we are engaged. We know
well what the rations cost in Mexico. We hear
of jack loads at enormous prices. But we do not
know how much will be required to buy steam-
boats in the place of those wiecked while carrying
provisions to the army. There was not a word of
that. There was not a word about the interest on
this loan of a million and a half". We know that
expendmues run ahead of estimates, and that is
all. How, then, in this .state of tilings, did they
reasons why the loan could not
under this bill. The money-lenders would prefer
treasury notes, because, as they were payable m
two years, or fundable at their option, they would
be the best security. ^ The best evidence that this
loan could not be obtained, too, was in the fact that
the stocks of the Government were now from two
to two and-a-half per cent, below par. There was
not now any proposition to modify the re\enue
• i: o Kill x*7nnlf}
three dollars a month. That would be another j' laws, nor any indication that a bill would be
million of dollars. And there were bounties and ; Brought in for that purpose, and, consequently,
other expenditures, which seemed to put the esti- i' treasury notes and treasury drafts were the only
mates out of consideration; and he again asked  * *u- ^ nn tlmws,-
what provision were his friends opposite making
to meet them ? I'le repeated that those who in-
clined the expenditures should provide the means
to meet their responsibilities. Take the system
expect to keep good the credit and finances of the | adopted in 1841,and theywould have amplemeans,
country hy such a system as this ? Borrow money? ! and revive the public credit, and relieve them from
Yes, and if all could see that this war would ter- 1' the necessity of living from day to day by expedi-
rmnate m a few months, he had no doubt all this
stock would be taken; it could all be funded at six
per cent., but it would not m time of war. These
treasury notes would come in on the Government,
and if they remitted irold and silver to Mexico,
they must buy it. They, then, would have to
continue to borrow, borrow; and the more they
borrowed the higher would be the rates they would
have to pay for it. And what piovision did they
make for these twenty-eight millions of dollars?
This money would notcairy them up to the 1st of
January next, and if the Congress was not called
ents and shifts. If they would only pursue a sys-
tem that would comntand the public confidence, ;
they would even be able to raise money by a loan, i
for there was money enough in the country. :
Mr. HTJIN'TINGTON stated several objections |
to this bill. One was, that although provision was j
made that these treasury notes and the stock by .
this bill to be created, should be at par, there was j
no provision as to the interest which the Secreta- j
ry of the Treasury should allow. The Secretary, !
too, might hypothecate these treasury notes, giving j
two for one. It was here proposed to raise twenty-
together in the mean time, the first thing they would ■ j three millions on the credit of the Government, by j
ha\e to do at the next session, would be to put out i' the issue of treasury notes, or by a Government I
another batch of treasury notes. And who would ■' twenty years' stock at six per cent.; but the capital- ,
take them? for the tendency of every issue was to ;> ists would want to know whether there was any
depreciate those last issued. Did anybody believe provision made for the repayment of principal and
that the last loan would have been taken if it had 1: interest accruing thereon. There was no proposi-
not been for the publication of the notice issued ! j tion here to lav taxes for that purpose. His friend
from the War Department, that no more troops ! from Maine [Mr. E\ans] had called Uie attention
were wanted ? But for that notification not a dol-
lar would hove been taken. And yet, within two
or three days after that loan was taken, nine regi-
ments were called for. In this state of things it
was certain that they would have to begin the next
session of Congress with a larger emission of treas-
ury notes titan were now proposed to be issued.
Now, those who plunged the country into this
condition, were bound to furnish the means neces-
sary to meet its obligations; and if gentlemen de-
sired to revive the financial credit of the country,
Th'
of the Senate to the course pursued in 1841, at
which time, it would be recollected, authority was
, given to obtain a loan; but everyone knew the
1 difficulty there was to effect that object. An a^ent
resource of the Government to carry on the war
and to defray the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment. The Secretary of the Treasury had recom-
mended an ad valorem tax on tea and coftee; but
very little would be obtained from that source, for
it would be bonded without the payment of duties,
the holders relying on a change of the law under
which to bring it in. The proposition, however,
had been resisted, so that nothing could be expect-
ed from that source. Such was the present state of
things.
The only reliance, then, was treasury notes;
and though the public creditor was not to be com-
pelled to take them, he would be told that the
Government had nothing else, and thus he would
have to take them, for he would be compelled by
inevitable necessity. The Government would, to
be sure, pay them at par; but when it was known
in what currency payments were to be made,
would not an addition to the contracts be made, to
meet the depreciation of the value of this paper?
He wished, without desiring to delay the passage
of this bill, to call the attention of this nation to
the fact, that this Government proposed to meet
both its ordinary and extraordinary expenses, by
evidences of a loan—not by anything that is the
representative of money, but in Government prom-
ises, Government due-bills, Government obliga-
tions in the shape of treasury notes. That was
what was proposed by this bill.
Had the Senate looked at this bill ? Why, the
issue of treasury notes which it authorized was to
let them inquire what was done in 1841. 'llieie m o j_
was a duty on tea and coffee which was proposed, j: per cent, ad valorem and repealed the sub-treasury
and which the other side resisted. He did not go I law, which made every dollar payable in coin, the
for it himself at that time, because he thought he li stock rose from below par—or rather from being
was sent even to Europe, but not a dollar could be j' an extent almost indefinite. It would be corn-
obtained; and yet the faith of the country was |j petent for the President of the United States to
pledged 'then as much as now for its repayment. 1; issue treasury notes for two and a half years after
The capitalists both at home and abroad had not ,, the termination of the war with Mexico, for he had
confidence that the Government would regularly!; here authority given to him to reissue these notes
pay the interest as it became due, and the prinei- at any time not exceeding six months from the
pal at the time stipulated. But the instant the j restoration of peace: so that, if they had peace
Government changed its financial policy from a 20 i' immediately after these treasury notes were issued,
' ' ' ' the President could reissue them to the amount of
this twenty-three millions of dollars. What a
spectacle was here presented! They had a law on
