184T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
their statute book requiring every dollar paid to
the Government to be paid in gold and silver; the
Government, at the same time, issuing this im-
mense amount of promises, without providing du-
ties to meet those obligations. This Government
would create a circulating medium of twenty-eight
millions of dollars of paper money, and still com-
pel the business of the country to be done in specie,
what a spectacle was this to hold up to the people!
That the effect of this would be to depreciate the
notes of the Government, no one could doubt.
There was another thi.Mg to which he wished to
call the attention of the Senate and the country.
This Government, under the warehousing system,
which he had occasion to speak against at the last I
session, had in some measure adopted the English
system of dock warrants or warehouse receipts,
which by English laws are made negotiable. The
Secretary of the Treasury has authorized the ap-
pointment of an additional clerk at the custom-
house in New'York, to issue warehouse receipts,
not as a circulating medium, but they arc used as
pledges for money raised upon the goods which
they represent. For these receipts, twenty-five
cents are paid. By such a system, the goods were
kept in the warehouse, and the Government de-
prived of the duties, while they were made a means
of traffic amongst merchants. Now, he advised
the party in power to restore the tariff of 1843,
repeal the sub-treasury law, modify the ware-
housing system, and this loan could be obtained;
but if the present system were pursued, Govern-
ment promises would be the only means the Gov-
ernment would possess to meet its obligations.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and resulted thus: Yeas
24, nays 25.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. NILES briefly replied to some remarks
which had fallen from the Senators from Arkan-
sas and Alabama, ("Messrs. Sevier and Lewis,]
and also to the observations of his colleague, [Mr.
Huntington,] and reiterated the opinion he had
previously expressed on this subject. He disap- j
proved of the policy of the Secretary of the Treas- i
ury, whose system, though it might be sufficient |
in a time of peace, would admit of no enlargement
in time of war. He asked if they should go on
and persist in error, when the credit of the Govern-
ment was falling, simply because error had been
once adopted. The rates of duties had been cut
down too low, and he knew it was the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury that no more reve-
nue could be had from imports. He glanced at
the English policy, by which a large proportion of
revenue was raised by a few articles, and said he
hoped and expected they would have received a
communication on the subject of our revenue sys-
tem ere this. By pursuing the present system,
they could anticipate nothing but greater difficul-
ties and embarrassments, which would increase
from day to day. He was for sustaining the treas-
ury, but he knew it could not be sustained in any
other way than by increasing the duties on im-
ports.
Mr. BADGER said it was now near five o'clock,
and he presumed their friends on the other side did
not suppose they could force this bill through to-
night. If they did, he could assure them they
would be mistaken. He had no desire to create
any delay, but some little regard should be paid to :
that side of the Chamber. He supposed that the
bill would pass to-morrow, and in that expecta-
tion, he moved that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, the mo-
tion was agreed to: Yeas 24, nays 20.
The Senate therefore adjourned until to-morrow
morning.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 25, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. MACLAY (by unanimous consent") pre-
sented a memorial of the Common Council of New
York city, in relation to the exportation of paupers
and criminals; which he asked to have referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEAMAN said that the petition contained
a great deal of very important information in rela-
tion to a matter which is now exciting an unusual
interest in the city of New York and other cities.
He alluded'to the increased influx of foreign pau-
pers and criminals into the United States. A few
days since, he had the pleasure of introducing a
bill to meet this difficulty, and he was rejoiced to
find that he was sustained by so respectable a body
of men as the Common Council of the city of New
York. A committee from that body was now in
this city, to urge this subject upon Congress. His
object in rising was to move that the petition be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. .
Mr. COBB called for a division of the question.
The question was accordingly taken—first, upon
the motion to refer to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; which motion was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion to print
the memorial,
Mr. BOYD inquired of the Chair whether the
motion to refer to the Judiciary Committee had
been put and carried ?
The SPEAKER replied that it had.
Mr. BOYD said that it was not so understood
in his neighborhood. They understood the ques-
tion of reference put and carried to be upon the
reference to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
New York, on his left, [Mr. Seaman,] had moved
an amendment to the motion of the other gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Maclay,] referring the me-
morial to the Judiciary Committee, instead of the
Committee on Commerce; and the question, ac-
cordingly, was taken first upon the amendment,
which had been agreed to.
Mr. SEAMAN remarked that the House evi-
dently did not understand the subject. It was a
memorial from the Common Council of the city of
New York, setting forth facts in relation to a mat-
ter which had been-under the consideration of a
special committee of that body, urging the imme-
diate action of Congress.
Severn 1 voices. What is the question ?
Mr. SEAMAN. Simply on the printing.
Several voices. That's not it—what is it about?
Mr. SEAMAN. The importation of paupers.
Mr. COBB. I ask for a reading of the memo-
rial.
The Clerk then unrolled the memorial: but it
was so bulky, that Mr. C. at once withdrew his call
for a reading, and said he would be satisfied with a
statement of its general purport.
The question was then taken on the motion to
print, and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but gave way at the solicitation of
Mr. RATHBUN, who rose and said, he desired
to speak to a question of privilege; and leave being
granted, he proceeded: On the 8th of December,
the House would recollect, he offered the follow-
ing resolution, which was adopted, calling on the
Secretary of the Treasury:
" Raolvetl, TJi.it the Secretary of the Tiea<-ury be request-
ed to report to this House, with all convenient despatch,
whether any pei^oti or peisons have at anytime between
the 4t!i day of March, 1845, and the 1st day of December,
1846, bc<-n employed as tecret inspectors of the custom®, or
agent, or in any capacity other than oidmary oftieeis; the
name or names of all peisons so employed ; the collection
dir-tiict in winch he or they reside, oi to which appointed;
when, and by whom nppontted; what duty he or they have
perfonned ; the amount of the per diem or other pay allowed
to each person; the amount of travelling fees or expenses,
or both, allowed and now due, or paid to each; the aggre-
gate of all pay, travel, fees, or expenses due, allowed, or
paid to each; where, liow, and by whom paid; and also by
what authority *«ueh appointments weie made, and such
payments made "
On the 22d of December he offered another reso-
lution, calling on the Secretary of the Treasury to
report whether any sum or sums of money had
been paid by his authority, or the authority of any
other officer in the Treasury Department, for the
services of any persons, or for the expenses of any
persons, in aiding or assisting in draughting the
tariff bill furnished by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to the Committee of Ways and Means at the
last session of Congress; the names of the persona
so paid; the amounts paid to each; the services or
expenses for which such service was made; out
of what fund, and in what payment was made;
whether said person or persons were at the same
time officers under the General Government, con-
nected with the collection of the revenue; the sala-
ry and pay of each per annum; and the authority
under which payment was made* To neither of
these resolutions of inquiry had any leply been
made by the Secretary of the Treasury. He (Mr.
R.) wished to say 
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. I should like to know
whether this is a question of privilege ! [Cries of
" Oh! Oh !!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will state his question of privilege.
Mr. RATHBUN. I assert that up to this hour,
although more than half of the session has expired,
no report has been made, and that the report might
have been made in a few days after the call was
made, if the Secretary of the Treasury had per*
formed his duty, as he was bound to do by law.
Now the question I make is this—and I propose
to call the attention of the House to the subject,
simply with a view of presenting it to their con-
sideration, in order that they may take what action
they may deem appropriate—that the Secretary of
the Treasury, being bound by law to communicate
to this House any information called for in regard
to the duties and business of his office, has omitted
the performance of that duty; and I submit to the
House whether he does not stand guilty of disre-
garding the legal requirements of this House, and
therefore in contempt of the order of this House.
The SPEAKER. It is indistinctly in the recol-
lection of the Chair that a report has been made,
and the Chair has sent to the clerk's office in order
to ascertain the fact.
Mr. RATHBUN begged to be allowed to cor-
rect the Chair. There was a resolution in relation
to weighers and measurers, which was answered.
The other resolution had not been answered, as
the Clerk would recollect he (Mr. R^) had made
inquiry at his desk on Saturday morning, and was
so informed. He was not disposed to call on the
House, to-day, to exercise its authority, but he
was disposed, unless this subject was attended to
immediately, to move that the House compel an
answer in the proper mode. At some early day,
unless in the mean time the Secretary furnished
the desired information, he would move that the
House should, in the mode which it knew very
well how to employ, secure compliance with its
requirements.
Mr. BAYLY then rose and said, that it hap-
pened accidentally that on this occasion he was
enabled to defend the Secretary of the Treasury in
reference to this matter; and finding that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means had
not the information, he (Mr. B.) felt it due to that
officer of the Government to state what he would
now proceed to offer to the consideration of the
House. A short time since 
The SPEAKER. There is not at present any
question before the House.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON hoped that the
gentleman from Virginia would be allowed to make
a statement in reply to the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. BAYLY. I presume that the House will
allow me to make a leply.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON hoped that the gen-
tleman would be allowed to proceed.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON. There surely
can be no objection.
Mr. CULLOM. I object.
Mr. COBB. It is due to the Secretary of the
Tieasury that the explanation of the gentleman
from Virginia should be permitted. Itwas surely
just that an opportunity should be afforded for the
exculpation of that officer of the Government from
the insinuation—if not the charge—made by the
gentleman from New York. I therefore move to
postpone the special order till one o'clock, in order
to give the gentleman from Virginia an opportu-
nity to make that explanation; and on that question
I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. GEORGE S. 'HOUSTON suggested that
the gentleman from Georgia should modify his
resolution so as to postpone the special order for
ten minutes.
Mr. COBB. I will modify it so as to postpone
the special order for a sufficient length of time to
enable the gentleman from Virginia to make the
explanation.
Mr. CULLOM rose to address the Chair.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
the question was not debatable. ^
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether the morning
business did not take precedence of the special
order?
The SPEAKER. The special order overrides
the morning business.
