252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25.
Mr. COBB then withdrew his call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ROOT. I renew it.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia, with the
following result:
YEAS —Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson. Bayly, Bedin-
fer? Denton. James Black, James A. Black, Bowdon,Bowhn>
Soyd, Broekenbrough, Brod'nead, William G. Brown, Burt>
Cathcart, R. Chapman, Ohase, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom>
Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, DejMott, Dobbin, Douglas
Droingooio, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman, Paran,
Fickhn, Pries, Garvin, Giles, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin?
Haralson, Harman^on, Hastings, Henley, Isaac E. Holmes?
Hopkins, Hough, G. S. Houston, Hungerfnrd, J. B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingei&nll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, George
W. Jones, Kaufman, Preston King. Lawrence, Leake,
Loftier, La Sere, Maclay, McCh-llind, McClernand, Mc-
Crate, McDamel, McKay, John P. Mrtrtin, Baikley Mai tin,
Morns, Moulton, Norris", Parrish, Pavne. Pendleton, Pernll,
Peiry, Pilisbuiv, ileid, Kelfo, Rittei, Roberts, Russell, Saw-
tell el Scammon, Seddon, Alexander J) Sims, Tlios. Smith,
Robeit Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Sykc-i, James Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Toomb-, Tredwav, Went-
w ith, Williams, Woodward, and Wondworth—109.
NAYS—Me fus. Abbott, Andeisou, Arnold, Ashmun, Bar-
ringer, Bell, Blanchard, Brinkerhoff, Milton Brown, Buffing-
ton, John H. Campbell, Can oil, John G. Chapman, Clnpman,
Cocke, Oollamer, Cian^ton, Otoziei, Culver, Garrett Davis,
Delano, Pockery, Edwin H. Evving, Foot, Foster, Giddmg',
Graham, Gndrtr, Gnnnell, Hale. Hampton, Elias B. Holmes,
John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washing-
ton Hunt, Joseph R. IngersolJ, Andiew Johnson, Daniel P.
Kins, Loib, Lewis, Long, Joseph J. McDowell, MeGaughey,
McHenry, Mcllvauie, Maish, Miller, Mo^elev, Pollock,
Ramsey, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Rank, Soh^nck, Seaman, Severance, Ti uman Smith, Albert
Smith, Caleb B. Smith,Strohm, Thomson, Tilden. Trutn-
bo, Wheaton, White, WUmot, Wmtlirop, Woodruff, and
Young—73.
So the motion was agreed to, and the special
order was postponed.
Mr. BAYLY then proceeded. He said that a
great deal of time had been consumed in debating
the point and in taking; the yeas and nays; whilst
his explanation itself would not occupy more than
five minutes. As he was about to say, when it
was objected that the explanation should be given,
that he had called upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, a few days ago, on another matter of business,
and in the course of conversation that very subject
of answering the inquiries of the two Houses of
Congress presented itself. The Secretary told him
that the physical force of his department would not
enable him to answer all the calls upon him which
had been made. Amongst others, the Secretory
spoke of this very call, which required a corre-
spondence with every part of the Union, and
necessarily a vast deal of clerical force. And he
(Mr. B.) recollected—and he mentioned it therein
justice to the Secretary of the Treasury—that he
(ATr. B) expressed to the Secretary his strong con-
viction that the call ought not to be answered;
that the House should be informed of the difficulty
of doing it, and of the mischief which would result;
and that, if the subject were properly brought
before it—as he (Mr. B.) meant to bring it when
an opportunity was afforded—the House would
not demand the information. But the Secretary,
notwithstanding that expression of opinion on his
(Mr. B.'s) part, stated that the House had made the
call, he presumed, undot-uandmgly, and he thought
it right to answer it Aillv, and would do so as
soon as it was possible with the force he could put
upon it, and consistent with the duty of answering
prior and more urgent calis. Amongst other calls,
there was at this time before the Secretary of the
Treasury a call from the Senate inquiring upon
what articles in the tariff the duties could be raised
without diminishing the revenue. That was a
inoic pies-sing matter, and was connected directly
with the legislation of Congress. The Secretary
was of opinion—as he presumed every man in that
House would be—that thai call of the Senate first
demanded his attention, and he was at work upon
it now, day and night. He (Mr. B.) thought it
proper further to add, that in answer to a part of
the call of the gentleman from New York, the Sec-
retary stated that it would necessarily occupy a
good deal of time to answer the other branch of
the call, but that he was collecting information to
enable him to answer it, and that he would answer
it as soon as he could consistently with prior and
more indispensable engagements. And yet, with
that information before him, the gentleman from
New York——
Mr. RATHBUN here bogged leave to interrupt
the geutleman from Virginia for a moment. The
Secretary said that it imposed great labor, and
would necessarily occupy much time.
Mr. BAYLY proceeded. Why the gentleman
had not corrected him (Mr. B.) at all. He had
said the very thing which he (Mr. B.) had just
stated. In his reply, the Secretary alluded to
the demand upon his time by the calls, and said
that he must answer them as he could, and in the
order of their importance. Now, in reference to
this particular call, he (Mr. B.) should, at an early
day, if he got an opportunity, move to rescind it.
It was a call for the names of secret inspectors of
the customs throughout the Union, and 
Mr. CARROLL here said: I rise to a question
of order. I wish to know whether the gentleman
is to use the privilege granted him by the House,
to give reasons why the Secretaiy of the Treasury
had not answered the call, so as to state his own
opinions? I wish to know whether that comes
within the privileged matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
will confine himself strictly to the matter within
this privileged question.
Mr. BAYLY would do so. He was explaining
why the Secretary had not been enabled to answer
this particular call. He had said that the Secre-
tary was engaged in answering calls of a more
pressing character, and to make that explanation
satisfactory, he was referring to the character of'
this call, which was for the names of the secret
inspectors of the customs throughout the United
States. "Well now, he would ask, what possible
connexion could that have with any legislation of
the House? He was unable to see any connexion
whatever. The only effect of it would be to make
public what was now secret. It would give the
j names of those secret inspectors, and make it ne-
cessary that they should be removed by whole-
sale.
Mr. RATHBUN here aaid he should like to see
any law which authorized the appointment of these
seei et inspectors.
Mr. BAYLY presumed there was such a law.
Mr. RATHBUN would be glad if the learned
gentleman from Virginia would give him the refer-
ence to such a law.
Mr. BAYLY thought that the Secretary had
been perfectly right in attending to more pressing
calls, even to the neglect of this one.
Mr. SCHENCK said that the gentleman had
spoken of the propriety or impropriety of disclo-
sing the names of secret inspectors of the cus-
toms—officers which he (Mr. S.) did not know
were authorized by law. He had endeavored the
other day to get in a resolution in reference to
another set of secret agents—the class employed
in the detection of counterfeiters of current coin.
He (Mr. S.) understood that one of these secret
agents was the very man with regard to whom
proof had been submitted to the Iowa Legislature
| of his offering bribes of offices and money to pro-
| cure certain members of that Legislature to vote
j for a certain gentleman as United States Senator.
| [Cries of " Oh !" "Oh !"]
I Mr. BAYLY reminded the gentleman that he
J had not vieldcd the floor.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
! ginia has the floor.
j Mr. BAYLY desired the floor for this reason,
| that after the gentleman himself, and the majority
! —nearly the whole—of his political friends had
| refused him (Mr. B.) the privilege of replying to
; the statement made by the gentleman from New
! York, he (Mr. B.) considered it very unreasona-
I ble in them to undertake to force him to reply to
| others. But in reference to the statement of that
; gentleman, [Mr. Schenck,] ho had no hesitation
in saying—without knowing anything more about
I it—that the whole matter had no foundation in
fact.
, Mr. SCHENCK said he knew nothing about
j its truth. He had stated what he had heard.
; The SPEAKER. The question now is, Shall
: the House resolve itself into Committee of the
; Whole on the state of the Union ?
! Mr. SCHENCK inquired if a motion to sus-
I pend the rules would not have precedence?
i The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that
j the motion was to go into committee on a special
i order; and that a motion to suspend the rules
j would not be m order, the motion to go into com-
[ mittce on a special order being in the light of a
I suspension of the rules.
j Mr. SCHENCK moved further to postpone the
j special order, to afford him the opportunity to offer
1 certain resolutions, which he would now send to
the Clerk's table, that they might be tfead for the
information and action of the House.
The resolutions were read accordingly, and are
as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in
older to terminate the war unhappily existing between tho
United States and Mexico, with due regard to the rights and
national existence and independence of the two republics,
and With, a view to bring about an honorable peace, the
President of the United States be requested to withdraw all
troop? and military forces of the United States now west of
the Rio Giande m Mexico to the east side of that river.
That all volunteers now in the seivice of the United
States be discharged, taking due care, m the order of dis-
charge, that provision be made ter the return of all such
volunteers to their lespective homes, or to the States m
which they were mustered into the service of the Govern-
ment.
1 That the President be requested and advised to keep allT
! or such portion as he may deem necessary foi that purpose,
I of the regular army undei his command, along or near the
j western frontier of the United State*, piepaicd to repel or '
i prevent any encroachment or depredation by Mexican citi-
| zens or soldiers, on the territory, property, or people of this
! Union, while any question or contioverc-y shall remain un-
| settled between the Governments of Mexico and the United
States: Provided, That this shall not be construed to mean
that the Prurient is advised against letannng possession of
the disputed country between the western limit of the State
of Texas and the Rio Grande, until such time asatieaty
settling a definitive boundaiy line between the United States
and Mexico shall be concluded between the two Govern-
ments, if the President, in his discretion, shall deem that
such continued foicible possession of that disputed territory
will tend to piomote the making of such treaty.
That the Proident be advised and requested to pro.c-
! cute thp existing wnr against the Goverment of Mexico by
I effectually blockading, or seizing and retaining, with every
! proper security, the harbors, ports of entry, and cu*tom-
i houses of Mexico, on the Gulf of Mexico and on the Pacific
! coast of that country? and to hold the same until such time
i as a treaty of peace may he made and ratified between the
i Governments of Mexico and the United States, establishing
a peimanent boundary line between the territories of the
j two countiies, liquidating and adjusting, and paying or
; secuiingtob"1 piid, all just indemnities for spoliations com-
! milled by Mexico or her citizens upon the peisons or
propeity of the citizens of the United States, and settling
nil other questions or causes of controversy between the two
Government1*.
That duti^t? shall be levied upon good*, wares, and mer-
chandise imported into Mexico, at the ports of entrv and
custom-houses that may be held in possession by the author-
ities of the United States, at the same Mte, and collected
in like manner as such duties are levied and collected for
the tune being at the custom-houses of the United States;
and the proceeds of duties, so collected in Mexico, shall
, constitute and be made a fund, to be held as secuutj against
! Mexico until she shall agree to and conclude a treaty as
| aforesaid.
j That no further increase of the present regular army of
i the United States shall be made by inbVtment or otherwise;
but, as fast as the terms of inlistment of soldiers now in
j service may expire, the army shall be reduced until it is
! brought to the number that yvas in service on the lit day of
January, 1P.47.
; And be it further resolved, That it is against the policy
i and interest of tins Government to wage a war tor the con-
, quest of teiritory, and there should nolfbe acquired, by any
; treaty to be negotiated and concluded between the Govern-
ments of the United States and Mexico, any territory what-
; ever additional to the territory now lying legally and propei ly
within the present limit? of the United States, or within
, the boundary of any now existing State of tins Union.
And be it further resolved, That no application of any
! moue\ appiopriatcd, oi tf ' ' "
1 Congress, for carrying on t
; for increasing, strengthening
; military or naval defence* or forces ot this Government,
. shall be made, nor is any expendituie thereof authorized,
exceptsuch application and expenditure be stiictly in accord-
ance with the declaration and provisions of these resolu-
tions.
! Mr. DROMGOOLE raised a point of order,
objecting to the further postponement, (which he
seemed to mistake for ci motion to suspend the
rules.)
After some conversation—
Mr. SCHENCK said he would obviate the diffi-
culty by withdrawing his motion for the present,
and giving notice instead, that he would on to-
morrow ask leave to introduce these resolutions.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS rose and said, that in
connexion with the statement made to the House
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Rath-
bux,] he would move a resolution as a question of
privilege.
Resolved, That a committee of five be raised to
inquire whether any of the Secretaries of the sev-
eral departments has failed or refused to furnish to
this House any information called for by it of him;
and, also, to inquire into the cause of such failure
or refusal; and that said committee have power to
send for persons and papers, and report to this
House.
Mr. HOPKINS objected to its reception.
The CHAIR, after an explanation stating that
the resolution had no special reference to the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from New York,
 vv cmsiujk oirtiyoi ujis union.
■evolved, That no application of any ^
)i to be appropriated, by act of this i
on the exiting war with Mexico, or |
lening, or in any way supplying, the /
