254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
heads of departments themselves had thrust them-
selves into the Representatives Hall, in cases where
a closc vote was apprehended, and had used, or
had appeared to use, their personal influence on
members individually with a view to operate on
their votes on that floor. After a spectacle such
as that, Mr. S. rejoiced when he saw that House
or the other branch of the National Legislature
have the spirit to stand up in vindication of its
rights and its dignity, and willing to do something
in defence of the independence of one of the great
departments of this Government.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question.
Mr. COBB moved to lay the motion on the ta-
ble.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS asked for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. COBB thereupon withdrew his motion.
Mr. DROMGOOJ-.E moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
And the main question being on sustaining the
decision of the Chair,
The yeas and nays were asked and refused; and
the question was decided m the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the resolution moved by Mr. Davis was declared
to be out of order.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS then moved to post-
pone the special order to enable him to introduce
the resolution.
Mr. HENLEY moved to lay the motion to post-
pone on the table; on which the yeas and nays
were taken, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Stephen Adding Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
l'nger, Benton, Jame^ BlaHc, J. A. Biack, Bowdon,
Bowlm, Boyd, Briukerholf, Brockenbrousjh, W. G. Brown,
Buit. A. A. Chapman, Chase, Chipmau, Ciarko, Cobb, Coliiri,
CottroU, Cu:loin, Cummins, Cunningham, DaiucJ, Dargan,
l)e Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin. Douglass, Dronigoolr, Dunlap,
Ed-all, Ellsworth, Erdmaii, Faiati, Foster, Fries, Garvin,
Gil.j?, Goidon, Giahani. Grover, IJ imhn, Haralson, Hai rnau-
sun, Hastings Heni-.y, Hoge, Hopkins, G Houston, E W.
Hubard, Hudson, Hungerf'ord, Hunter, Charles J. Ingeisoll,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Andrew Jolins-on, Geoige W.
Jones, Seaborn Jone>, Kaufman, Kennedy, Prer«ton King,
L.'ake, Lrffler, La Sere, Lumpkin, Maeiay, McCiean. Mc-
Cleilarid, McClemand. McDamel, James McDowell. McKay,
John P. M.utin, Baikley Martin, Morris, Moise, Moulton,
Noma, Pamsh, Payne, Perry, Phelps, Pillsbury, Reid, Relfe,
Rliott, Ritter, Roberts, Sawtclle, Scammon, St-ddon, Alex-
ander D. Sim?;, Leonaid II. Sims, Simpson, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, Stiong, S)kes, James Thompson.
Jacob Thompson, Tawi^, Trnduay, Wontvvorth, Wiek,
William*, Wilmot, Woodward, and Yost—Ill.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Afhmun, Barringer,
Bell. Blancliaid, Bufiington, William W. Campbell, John II.
Campbell, Carroll, Cocke, Cran-toii,Ciozjer, Culver, GaireU
DavH, 1) lajio, Dockery, Ed'.virt fl Ewing, Foot, Giddm<rs,
Gndet, Hale, Hampton, Haipcr, Ehas B. Holmes, John W.
Houston. Samuel D Hnbbaid, Washington Hunt. Joseph R.
In^-r^oll, Daniel P. Kim:. Thoma- B. Kins, Lewif=, Lone,
McHern.v. Mcllvatne, MarJi, Miller, Mo^eley, Pendleton,
Pollock, Ram-ey, Riplev, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
wall, Root, Rnnk, Schenek, Seaman, Sevetanee, Albut
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Strohm, Tlubodaux, Thoma-?on,
Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Trumbo, Vance, White, Win-
throp, Woodruft, Wiight, and Young—63.
So the motion to postpone the special order was
laid on the table.
PAY OF TI1E ARMY.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. McClkllanj.) in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the special
order, viz: A bill to increase the pay of the non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of
the army of the United States, and the militia and
volunteers in the service of the same, and allowing
them bounty land in certain cases.
Mr. PERRY avowed his intention to vote both
agasnst the original bill as reported from the Mili-
tary Committee of the House, and also against the
substitute reported by Mr. Boyd from the select
committee; but, as his doing so might subjact his
course to misappiehension here and misrepresenta-
tion elsewhere, he would briefly state the reasons
which governed him.
If was from no indisposition to allow an ample
compensation to our brave soldiers; on the contra-
ry, it was from a disposition arid desire to make a
more ample and a more thorough provision for
them than he thought would be effected either by
the original bill or by the amendment. Under the
original hill the soldier would, in effect, receive a
mere pittance for all his exposure and his hard
seivices. The annual revenue from sales of the
public domain amounted to about three millions of
dollars. If this should be diverted from the sup-
port of the Government to any other use, he defi-
cit must be supplied from some other source; and
we must either impose direct taxes or resort to a
tax upon tea and coffee. Mr. P. was opposed to
both alternatives. The House had just passed a
loan bill to the amount of twenty-three millions:
if we should succeed in obtaining that loan, we
must pledge the public lands both for interest and
principal. Now, the original bill proposed to give
the public lands to the amount of ten millions to
the soldiers in bounty; but it was seriously doubt-
ed whether, by even pledging the whole domain,
we could get the proposed loan for carrying on the
war; therefore, to pass the original bill was, in his ;
opinion, totally out of the question.
Mr. P. deemed the amended proposition no less
objectionable. It contained a proviso which would
prevent his willingly giving it his vote. This
was, to locate the bounty lands all in one district, j
His first objection to this was, that the Government j
wanted all the revenue it could derive as well from <
the public lands as from the customs; but, as the d
bill required the land granted to be actually located ;
within two years after the warrant issued, it would \
interfere with the sale of the public lands. The |
amount in land was ten millions; the amount of j
sales but three. Here would be a vast amount of |
these warrants in the hands of those who never
would occupy the land granted. The consequence
necessarily must be a great depreciation m the value
of the public lands. The amendment required these j
ten millions all to be located within two years. If j
this whole amount was to be brought into the mar- j
ket and disposed of, the result must be a serious ;
injury to the public credit. |
But it might be said that the land would not all !
come into market. Certainly it would not; for many !
of those who would receive the warrants were |
mechanics, and others were professional men; but ;
few, in comparison, would go and settle on the
j; land as farmers; the others must turn their war-
;| rants into money, or abandon all their previous
!j pursuits to turn farmers. Allowing but eight mii-
j; lions to be brought into market, the public lands
i; must practically be locked up; there would be no
lj sales elfected for a long time. To supply the rev-
J: enue thus withdrawn, we must lesort to direct
is taxation.
j| Mr. P. objected, besides, to giving southern men
j bounty land m the North, or northern men land in !
j the South. They were required to locate withm j
! two years;*they must either go into a new region, j
| (perhaps very much against their will,) or sell j
| their warrants. The amendment allowed them no 1
' alternative. . I
] But experience proved the whole system to be |
! wrong. Mr. P. came from the region of country
j where the bounty lands had been located for the i
[glorious old "Maryland line." Thousands of j
acres had there been set apart for that object; but i
how much of it had ever been settled by the sol- i
diers themselves ? Mr. P. and others had the good :
fortune to be the owners of seven thousand acres !
of the lands which had been intended by Congress
for their use. He believed there had not a single
soldier come and demanded to locate his warrant
on the tract. And he was told by gentlemen from
Illinois and Ohio that it was just the same there. |
Mr. P. here referred to the memorable battle of i
Lundy's Lane, where an assault had been made j
on the British line by one hundred and twenty- |
live men from his own neighborhood, of which i
number seventy had been killed. The lands in- 1
tended for these men descended to their heirs; and
Mr. P. had been called on by some of them m the
duties of his profession to ascertain where their j
lands lay; and he found they were m Arkansas— \
a place to which they were unwilling to go. Hence '
their warrants were of no practical value to them.
It was mere mockery to make a parade of giving
these bounty lands to our soldiers; it would be of
no real benefit to them. The amendment com-
pletely defeated the purpose of the original bill;
and surely its advocates could not be the sincere j
friends of the soldier. If they were, they had a |
strange way of showing it: he asked bread, and
they gave him a stone. But gentlemen might ask, 1
if you are not for the original bill, and are not for I
the amendment, what are you for? He was for j
something like equality and justice, and not for a |
species of reward which, while it gave the western '
man living in the neighborhood of the lands every- j
thing, gave to those whose home was in the east- |
era pait of the Union comparatively nothing. Did J
gentlemen expect the East to be depopulated that j
the "West might be settled? Or must the eastern I
soldier be forced to sell his lands for a song, and j
get a mere pittance for all his toils? The specu-
lator would get all the good land, and the soldier
would get next to nothing. As a man from the/east-
ern part of the Union, he was utterly opposed to
such a scheme. Well, then, what are you for?
He would tell gentlemen. He was in favor of the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vin-
ton;] he was for giving the soldier not lands, but
stock. This plan was equitable—it would work
equal good to all. This would leave the public
lands to pay the interest on our loan, and gradually
to discharge the principal. This would disappoint
the speculator, for the stock would at once assume
its par value. This would leave a tangible, sub-
stantial provision for the widow and the children
of the soldier who fell in fighting the battles of his
country.
Mr/P. hoped that, from his opposing the bill
and the amendment, it would not be thought that
he was opposed to this war. Far from it. Just
the reverse. He wos a strenuous advocatc of the
war. He was ready to further its progress by
every means in his power. He was ready to grant
the Executive all he could reasonably ask. He
thought we had reason to be proud of the progress
of the war thus far. We had lost nothing, and we
had elevated our national character for bravery
before the whole world. In the other House of
Congress a distinguished man, who was entitled
to judge, had said that the martial fame we had
acquired by the several achievements of our soldiers
in Mexico was worth to the nation more than all
the war had cost. It would make the title of
i "American citizen55 a passport over the world.
We had commenced the war against what we had
supposed to be a handful of barbarians: we had
since found them a formidable foe; and now, when
that discovery was made, some gentlemen were for
\ stopping short and going no farther. Such a course
: would dishonor our fair fame foiever. We must
I now go forward, and if Mexico still refused peace,
! we must conquer her or be disgraced. He went
! for the national glory. For this he would say to
i the Executive, ask hat you will; I will give men,
I will give money; but let us go on; and if nothing
less would do, let us plant our victorious standards
on the palace of the Montezumas.
Mr. P. said he had much to be proud of as a
Marylander at the ever memorable siege of Mon-
terey. The first man that set his foot within the
city had been a Marylander. History has im-
' mortalized Mutius, a Roman soldier, who, to give
' proof of his couragc, laid his right hand on ari
altar of burning coals, and told his enemy Por-
senna, that three hundred Romans like himself
i * had conspired against his life. Porsenna, awed
j i by this extraordinary manifestation of courage,
; 'yielded to terms of peace." With no less courage
• and chivalry, Hart, an humble ensign in the bat-
; talion of Baltimore volunteers, who was the bearer
j of his country's flag at Monterey, and which had
j been presented to his company by the patriotic
i ladies of the monumental city, after having his
j right arm, which bore the flag, carried away by a
cannon ball, seized the banner with his left hand,
and, disdaining suffering, carried the flag through
! the battle, and waved it in triumph over a victori-
| ous fight. If the Roman is worthy of a name in
j history, so should the name of the gallant Mary-
j lander be handed down to coming time. Yes, let
. a monument be erected to the patriotic devotion
, and valor of him whose life, dear as it is, was not
j too dear for his country's honor.
Yet our exultation over the victory was not
j wholly unmingled with sorrow. The names of
Ringgold and of Watson had been embalmed in the
love and tears of the monumental city. She had
much to remember. ' But Mr. P. could not repress
the swelling of State pride within him when he
saw that, wherever dangers we#e the thickest, there
i the Maryland line was ever ready to asseit and to
. maintain its ancient fame.
! He believed that the feeling of the American pco-
j pie was in favor of conquering a peace, and that
j speedily. And though Mr. P. had very strong
I objections to laying a tax upon tea and coffee,
j yet, if even this were indeed absolutely indispen-
' sable to the carrying on of this war, even this he
i would yield to the exigencies of his country. It
i had been proposed as a peace measure: it was not
I needed as $ war measure.
I Mr. P. was for rewarding our soldiers—but for
i doing it effectually and equitably. He would vote
j for no bill the sole object of which was to benefit
