1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
the West alone. Mr. P. wanted to seal the lips of
slander. Should his name be recorded as voting
against the bill and the amendment, he might be
represented as an enemy of the soldier, oran enemy
to the war. He was neither. But he did not
want to mock the soldier byline flourishing words
about giving him a home for his family, and then
leave him a prey to the vultures of speculation.
He wanted to give him money,or money's worth,
and not to ruin the credit of the country by divert-
ing the revenue of the public domain.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, offered to amend
the substitute in the fifth line, by striking out
"two" and inserting " three," so as to increase
the pay three dollars per month.
Mr. H. said he objected to the substitute, and
preferred the original bill. The matured plan re-
ported from the select committee had, in his opin-
ion, added nothing to its merits. To be sure, it
had got clear of some of the objectionable features
of the first bill; especially that one which pretended
to give the soldier lands which had been open to
entry for ten years. But the feature in the sub-
stitute was just as had. It gave them land subject
to private entry. This was but fooling the soldier.
If you intended to give him land, give him such as
others could buy with the same money.
It was known to most who resided in the new
States that there were sixteen millions of acres of
land now in Alabama that were not worth seventy-
five cents the acre. There were lands which did
not contain one legal subdivision worth that sum
per acre. Did gentlemen mean to give our soldiers
that? They talked about giving him a "little home
for himself and his children;" hut it, was all mock-
ery. They well knew that on such a "little home"
both he and his family would shortly starve to
death.
The third section was objectionable also. This
provided that if the man who had inlisted for five
years or for the war was taken sick, and was [thus
prevented from service, he should get his land the
same as those who served. Now, if such a vol-
unteer should be wounded or get sick, was he any
more meritorious than the man who had volunteer-
ed but for six months? Why? Mr. H. could see
no imaginable difference between the man who vol-
unteered for three months or six months, or twelve
months, or five years, or during the war. The
bounty was given to the man in consideration of
his wound or his sickness, and not for the length
of time he had volunteered to serve.
Mr. H., too, was against the pro\iso in the
fourth section, which provided that these bounty
land3 were to be laid off in some district, hut did
not specify any location. Why did not the bill
say where the lands were to he ? Suppose if should
be said they were to be located in Alabama or in
Ohio, where all the lands had been picked and
culled over till there was nothing or little left but
trash: suppose the time to locate the district should
prove not to be long enough, then the bounty would
be gone. Mr. H. was not for trifling in this mat-
ter. He was not for deceiving the soldier. He
was against promising him a home and then put-
ting him off with trash.
The history of this bill had been a singular one,
any how. At the last session, his colleague [Mr.
Chapman] had introduced the resolution granting
the President fifty thousand volunteers; and he
was entitled to great credit and honor for having
made the proposition; and nothing but that gentle-
man's exceeding modesty could have prevented
him from claiming a little notoriety for such a
move. Mr. H. said he had voted against the
proposition made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania over the way [Mr. Stewart] at the last
session to suspend the rules to introduce his reso-
lution to increase the pay of the volunteers, hecause
he always voted against suspending the rules in
such cases, unless there were high and imperious
considerations which seemed to demand it; and he
had voted before against the same proposition.
Another reason was, that he considered many of
these propositions as made by gentlemen merely
for the purpose of making political capital; be-
sides, to have suspended the rules would have re-
quired a vote of two-thuds, and that for a propo-
sition which he considered as both out of time and
out of place. Moreover, the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania was partial in its pro-
visions: it provided only for the volunteer, and
gave nothing to the regular soldier, though all
fought together, side by side.
Mr. THOMASSON expressed his wish that he
had no grounds for fearing that gentlemen were not
quite sincere who were proposing such large in-
crease to the compensation of our soldiers. They
now received $84 a year, and now some gentlemen
were for giving them §236 a year and one hundred
and sixty acres of land. Were they indeed sin-
cere? Did they mean this? Had they any hopes
of carrying it? Mr. T. hoped that they might
succeed-, he was ready to vote for it all; but he
must say he sadiy doubted their sincerity.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, explained his
own course, and hoped the gentleman would not
include him in his suspicions.
Mr. THOMASSON said his remarks were meant
for the party generally, and not for any gentleman
in particular. The Democratic party had this
House; they were to the Whigs as two to one.
They could do what they pleased. Would they,
he asked, do this? Here was the middle of the
session: they had had opportunity after opportu-
nity to increase the pay of the soldier: had they
done it ?
Mr. T. had offered, in sincerity, to give the vol-
unteers $12 a month, adding $5 to what tliey now
got. This would mcreasc their pay $00 a year,
if gentlemen would adopt this, and not give all
the bounty to the twelve months5 men, it struck
him they would get the men they wanted. lie
was for reserving this additional pay till the man
got home. Then he would have some little money
in hand, and it would do him some good.
The committee, on motion of Mr. JOSEPH J.
McDOWELL, rose and reported, (for the purpose
of adopting a resolution to terminate debate.)
And, on motion of Mr. MeD., it was resolved,
that all debate on the said bill should terminate
to-morrow, at two o'clock.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. HARALSON, from the ConmuLtee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported the following bill:
Be U enacted. <5'c., That there shall be added to rach of the
regiments of artillery two companies, to h<{ organized m the
same manner and who .shall receive the like pa> and allow-
ances in every les-pect a& authonzed by existing Uw  ; .ma,
m addition to the foui companies authonzed by the act oi
March 2d, 1821, to be equipped h«ht <o£iZkn/, the Pie^-
dent i-* herehj empowered, when he shall deem itnece^aiy,
to designate lour oilier companies, one in eaoh lesjiment, to
b'; organized and equipped as liuht artillery; and each regi-
ment of artillery shall be allowed two pmicipal musicians,
with the rates ol pay provided by law for the pimeipal
imiMcians in the regiments of infantiy.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the officers and
men of the light artillery, when serving as such and mounted,
shall receive the same pay and allowances a.< provided by
law for the dragoons.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the sixth section ot the act entitled "An act respecting the
organization of the army," Sec., approved August Sid, 184Q,
which allows additional rations to certain officers of the
army, be and the same is hereby so extended as to embrace
the Q,uaitermaster General and Adjutant General of the
army.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Mr. JAMES McDOWELL, from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, reported a bill for
the repair of the Potomac bridge: read and com-
mitted.
Also, a bill giving the assent of the United
States to an act of the General Assembly of Mary-
land, passed at the December session, 1844, chap-
ter 287: read and committed.
Mr. McDANIEL presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Missouri, relating to the 16th sec-
tions, or school lands: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Missouri,
asking the passage of a bill now before Congress, |
providing for the reclaiming of certain inundated i
lands in Missouri and Arkansas: referred to the
Committee of the Whole.
Also, a memorial of the same Legislature, rela-
ting to the extension of mail facilities in the State
of Missouri: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WOODWORTH (by leave) presented a
memorial of Aaron Leggett, of the city of New
York, relative to spoliations committed upon his
property by the Mexican Government: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBO (by leave) presented a preamble
and resolutions from the Legislature of Kentucky,
in relation to the increase of the pay of volunteers
in the Mexican war: laid on the table.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 26, 1847.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, made
in compliance with a resolution of the 16th instant,
calling for information in relation to the means of
communication in the winter months between Forts
Brady and Wilkins.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, made in compliance with a resolution
of the 22d instant, in relation to the causes which
induced the return of the frigate Columbia and
steamship Mississippi.
memorials and petitions.
Mr. BAGBY presented the memorial of John
B. Cooper, asking indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was referred to the Se-
lect Committee on the subject.
Mr. GREENE presented the memorial of the
heirs of Caleb Gardner, m relation to the same;
which was referred to the Select Committee on the
subject.
Mr. BENTON presented additional documents
in the case of Sarah E. Graham, which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of Peter
Yon Schmidt, asking an examination into the merits
of his process for mineralizing timber; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of the same, asking that the
Secretary of the Navy may be directed to con-
tract with him for the construction of a dry dock
at Pensacola; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial from
the officers of the third regiment of Missouri volun-
teers, asking the reimbursement of expenses in-
curred in preparing themselves for service; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from citi-
zens of the county of Philadelphia, asking the.
construction of a dry dock in that city; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of the Select and Common
Council of the city of Philadelphia, asking the
construction of a dry dock in that city; whjch,was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a petition of certain citizens of Philadel-
phia, asking a grant of public land for the purpose
of making a railroad from Michigan to the Pacific
Ocean, which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a joint resolution au-
thorizing the erection on the public grounds in the
city of Washington of a monument to George
Washington; which was read a first time.
private bills.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting a pension to Bethiah
Hcaly; which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petition of Naomi Davis; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Andrew Moore; winch
was read a first time,
Mr. GREENE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the hptrsand legal
representatives of Lewis de la Housaye; which
war read a first time.
Tl^e bill for the relief of Elijah White was read
a thud time and passed.
HOUSE BILLS.
A number of bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives, were read a first and second time, and
referred to the appropriate committees.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF OREGON.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to create the office of surveyor general of
j the public lands in the Territory of Oregon, and
f to grant donation rights to settlers thereon and for
! other purposes.
| The question being on the passage of the bill—
j Mr. CALHOUN called for the reading of the
] bill; and the bill having been read:
I Mr. WESTCOTT stated some objections which
> he had to this bill. He stated that ihe title to real
