258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
war—a war almost against the whole civilized
world—with a debt out of all manner of propor-
tion. Hence itbecame^iecessary for them to resort
to the measures referred to. But did any man
believe that the faith of this great nation was
not sufficient to raise this twenty-three millions?
There was no necessity ev e i for levying a tax
upon tea and coffee simultaneously with the pas-
sage of this act. They could easily get it without.
They had paid oft" two debts, and they could pay
off another. He was prepared to levy any tax
which the Administration might deem necessary—
within the limits of a wholesome discretion, of
course—for the prosecution of the war; and it j
seemed to him that if there was any Senator among
them—he did not believe there was one—who be-
lieved that such a tax would not meet a ready
support from the country, he believed they en-
tirely underrated the patriotism of the people.
He believed that when the exertions of the coun-
try were called out by a just and necessary wai,
the people were pivpated' to submit to any meas-
ure which might be deemed necessary to increase
the revenues. He was willing, therefore, to vote
for any tax which might be found necessary; but
the honorable Senator from Maine—-if lie rightly
recollected him—said on yesterday that they had
thrown away taxes upon tea, coffee, wine, and
sundry other articles. How thrown it away?
They had left them in the pockets of the people.
That was all the throwing away which .there had
been.
But the remarks of the honorable gentleman,
yesterday, seemed to convey a reproach to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and he considered it a
specimen of self-contradiction that he had ever
found ami asked for a loan now, when he had said
in his annual report that he should not want it
until early in the spring. How long would it be
before eaily in the spring? Some five or six weeks
only. Was that too much time to take for procu-
ring the loan ? The words of the Secretary were,
that "the first part of the loan should be nego-
tiated early in the spring." Early in the spring.
He nosv appealed to them to pass that bill, in order ji
to get the loan early in the spung. They weie
now passing the bill to get it. He was afraid, if ji
they procrastinated much farther, that it would be |
late m the spring, or advanced into the summer, j
before he would get it. He was afraid that pro-
crastination was a part of the difficulty with them, j
As to the estimates of the Secietary, all that he
could do was to make an approximation to the
estimates. The territories of the country had been '
increased since those estimates were made. His j
sphere of action hail been enlarged. A war was
to be carried on. How, then, could they hold hiin [|
responsible for mathematical accuracy in making ji
his estimates? It was not within the bounds d1'!
human reason to expect it. Even Pitt, and the j
mostdistinguished financiers of their own country,
could not come within thousands upon thousands
of the necessary expenses. This whole subject u
m'glit he summed up in one word, and that word
contained all the apology which was necessary  !j
they were now engaged in a war. They had now ||
authorized it to be prosecuted, and to prosecute it ij
required men and means. It seemed to him that ,j
there was no remedy before them but a vigorous |j
prosecution of the war; but, as totliedirectionof the j;
war, he doubted whether they could tell the Presi- i1
dent precisely how he should carry it on. lie
doubted exceedingly whether they could say to the i'
President that he must carry on the war in such <
and such a manner. War brought with it certain i
constitutional incidents. Now, he recollected very !■
well that a certain honorable gentleman not then ij
in his seat, but still a member of that body, warned j
them of the consequences of their eternal talking
about peace—that the sending of minister after !
minister would only be mistaken by the Mexican 1
people—that they would attribute the good inten- I1
tions of the United States to weakness, and that j
the consequence would be that the settlement !'
would be greatly procrastinated. It appeared that i
that had actually been the result. He (Mr. C.) j|
was prepared at any time to discuss the project of j'
withdiawing the troops and blockading the coasts ij
of Mexico. He thought it could be shown that
such a proposition could never be received—that it
would disgrace and dishonor the country, and in-
evitably lead to a protracted war. Mexico had
actually nailed her colors to the mast! What was
to be expected from such propositions' They
were not remedies—they would remedy nothing.
They were not even palliatives. They were prov-
ocations. They would provoke the wonder and
contempt of the world and raise the hopes of the
enemies of freedom. It would look as if the Uni-
ted States were halting in their opinion, as though
they had undertaken a task which it was beyond
their power to accomplish. It was his opinion
that nothing remained for the United States but a
vigorous, prompt, straightforward, oldfashioned
prosecution of the war.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to interrupt him for a moment? The
Senator has remarked that we are indirectly mani-
festing a hesitation of purpose or opinion. I desire
to know whether that remark was made in refer-
ence at all to gentlemen on this side of the Cham-
ber?
Mr. CASS would answer, most distinctly, that
such an idea never entered into his mind. He
trusted that the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina knew him better.
Mr. MANGUM. I merely wished to obviate
the possibility of any misconception.
Mr. CASS had been merely speaking of the
effect which would be produced abroad. He hoped
the explanation was satisfactory.
Mr. MANGUM. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CASS would repeat, then, that it seemed to
him that the oldfashioned mode was the only
proper way in which the war should be prose-
cuted.
Mr. MANGUM (from his seat.) Yes—yes—
we go for that.
Mr. CASS proceeded. The honorable gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in hisexpose
yesterday, had made only one remark with which
he (Mr. C.) did not agree. He (Mr. C.) did not
want a commander-in-chief to he accompanied by
any travelling peace commission. The United
States had fulfilled their duty to humanity, and the
world, in reference to this war. Let them now
fulfil their duty to themselves. Mexico knew how
she could get peace. She had exhibited a stub-
bornness which must be met by force. If she
wanted peace she knew how to obtain it at once.
But every generous step taken bv the United
States had been misinterpreted by Mexico into a
halting of opinion. If the United States sent a
minister of peace, Mexico regarded the proceeding
as an indication of timidity. If the United States
met her half-way, Mexico objected that the agent
was called a minister, and not a commissioner! In
conclusion, he had only to express the hope that
the bill would pass, and pass speedily.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then rose and said that
insinuations had been thrown out as if somebody
in that Chamber was opposed to a vigorous prose-
cution of the war. He did not like to return re-
crimination for recrimination. He did not like to
engage in a war of words with honorable gentle-
men on the other side of the. Chamber, but he
would put it to the country to examine the pro-
ceedings of that body as presented in the report
daily published to the world, and then pronounce
whether there was aught to justify that insinua-
tion. The gentleman talked about a vigorous
prosecution of the war, and the honorable gentle-
man from Michigan spoke of an oldfashioned
prosecution of the war. That honorable Senator
appeared to think that somebody or other had de-
viated from the course which he proposed and
recommended. Now, suppose they inquired for
a moment who if was that possessed the power of
bringing forward and passing measures in that
body? Not the minority! The majority had the
inception of all these measures, and could pass
them at any time according to its pleasure. It had
the majority of all the committees in that body. It
had introduced what measures it had thought prop-
er for the Vigorous prosecution of the war. But
at what stase of the session had these measures
been brought forward? Who was it—-if any one
there was—who had delayed a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war by censurable hesitation and oppo-
sition > Why, two-thirds of the session had now
passed away, and a measure was before them for
raising twenty-eight millions of dollars by treasury
notes, and at the same advanced period a measure
was before them for the raising of ten regiments of
regulars and volunteers. Why was it—he put it
to the country—why was it that this great meas-
ure, which the gentlemen opposite told them was
indispensable for a vigorous prosecution of the war,
had beert brought forward only at such a lale pe-
riod of the session? Who had delayed it till that
moment ? Would anybody believe that the minor-
ity in that body had prevented gentlemen on the
opposite side from bringing forward those meas-
ures at an earlier period? Would anybody believe
that it was in the power of the minority to prevent
gentlemen on the opposite side from Iningino- for_
ward those measures at their own time? Why he
(Mr. C.) undertook to say that gentlemen opposite
had brought forward the bill to augment the re°-u-
lar force at such an ad vanced period of the session
that if it were passed, it could have no effect on
the present campaign in Mexico.
Mr. MANGUM, (in his seat.) Certainly, it
must be unavailable.
Mr. CLAYTON. The additional force to be
raised could not reach Mexico till after the vomilo
had set in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, (in his seat.) You mean
the present campaign?
Mr. CLAYTON. Of course; and yet, with all
these facts staring them full in the face, gentlemen
on the opposite side twitted him (Mr. C.) and his
friends with preventing a vigorous prosecution of
- the warIf blame were to rest anywhere, it would
j rest on the heads of those whose duty it was, and
i who had the power, too, to bring forward that
: measure at an earlier period. And with regard to
j the other measure—that now immediately before
the Senate—who had delayed its introduction or
' passage? Gentlemen opposite had brought it for-
j ward, when, as ho had already remarked, two-
thirds of the session had passed away; and vet
they now stood lecturing the minority because the
< bill had not instantcr been passed and tnade a law!
' They were not willing to allow the minority even
1 two days to discuss the subject! He (Mr. C.)
doubted not the sincerity of honorable gentlemen
, on the other side when they undertook to say that
j they were in favor of a vigorous prosecution of the
war, nor would he permit any man to doubt his
sincerity when he made similar declarations. It
I certainly had riot been his fault that these measures
i had been brought forward at that late stage of the
j session. He had done nothing to delay the pro-
i gress of the debate. And then, with regard to the
| course taken by his friends, he appealed to the
j recollection of all whether .gentlemen on the oppo-
site side, since the bill had been introduced, had
not consumed more time than gentlemen on his
side of the Chamber had in the investigation of
this new measure ? Let them measure the speeches
which had been made by the hour-glass, or yard-
stick, or any other known rule which could be
adopted, and he challenged contiadiction of the
assertion, that the gentlemen on the opposite side
had taken more time than the minority had in de-
bating this subject. But he blamed no man, on
one side or the other, for stating his opinions on a
measure of such acknowledged and obvious impor-
tance. He was thankful to every Senator for all
the information which he could communicate in
regard to this great measure: and notwithstanding
all insinuations from any quarter in regard to that
thing of delaying great measures of the Adminis-
tration, he should wait patiently, as long as any
Senator on that floor said lie could amend that bill,,
or make it really better for the country. He hoped
that the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Evans,] and his friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Huxtington,] who had engaged in the discussion,
would not be deterred, by any remarks of the char-
acter to which he had alluded, from pressing all
amendments which, in their judgment, were neces-
sary for the alteration and improvement of the bill.
If they thought it was in their power to amend it,
let them take all the time necessary, and he should,
for one, be happy to hear them, and so also,
as he believed, would the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. BAGBY then rose, and said that it appear-
ed he had been guilty, unintentionally, of adminis-
tering a rebuke to certain honorable Senators. He
disclaimed all such intention. He was not accus-
tomed to indulge in the language of rebuke or com-
plaint with regard to the conduct of any gentleman
in that body. He did not conceive that any of the
time of the body had been prodigally wasted. For
himself, he had, up to that time, satisfied himself
by simply voting, without trespassing on the tnne
of the Senate by any remarks. Yet lie was not in
the habit of measuring time; and he stated it ex-
plicitly, when up before, that he did not question
