1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
the sincerity of declarations on the other side of
the Chamber, because they had been made; but he
Raid then, and said now, that if their declarations—
to which hegave fall credence—had not been made,
he should have been unable to account for the delay
which had attended this and similar important
measures; ard it was wholly immaterial to him
from what side of the Chamber, or what portion
of the ^Chamber, the delay proceeded, the effect
upon the condition of public affairs and the coun-
try was precisely the same, whether the delay was
intentional or unintentional. He charged no gen-
tleman there with being opposed to the prosecution
of this war. But there was one thing which could
not have escaped the attention of any gentleman,
and especially of his friend from Delaware, [Mr.
Clayton.] Although they had been told from
day to day that honorable gentlemen were in favor
of voting all the men and all the money necessary
for a prosecution of the war, yet up to that time,
he asked, how had these declarations been followed
up by acts? "With all the good intentions of gen-
tlemen—and he did not question the sincerity of
those intentions—he asked if they had added one i
man to the service—one dollar to the treasury?
But the remark he was about to make was this:
that although it was admitted to be a just war,
and one for the vigorous prosecution of which Con-
gress should provide ample means, yet ever and
anon they heard significant allusions to the causes
of the war. Gentlemen folded their arms and said: J
"We will support you in the prosecution of the
war, but we will not enter into a discussion now
about the causes of the war." He thought that if
the causes of the war did not justify it—if it were
an unjust war—it would be still more unjust in its
consequences, and he for one would not vote a
man or a dollar for the prosecution of a war which
had begun in injustice. He would not make bad
worse. He would not make what was unjust in
the beginning enormity in the end. But he did
not rebuke any one. He intended to complain of
nobody. In a course of five years in this body,
(said the honorable Senator,) I have neither at-
tempted nor designed, nor should I ever treat any
member of this body with the slightest disrespect,
least of all the honorable gentleman from Dela-
ware. I treat him with disrespect! I complain
of his course 1 I complain of the course of any
honorable Senator! What right have I to com-
plain? Should not I, above all others, satisfy my-
self with a conscientious discharge of my own duty
without turning lecturer to the gray heads and
venerable experience of gentlemen on the other
side of this Chamber ? I have not presumed to
engage in any such a task as this. Although I
have not done that, yet there is one thing which
I have done, and that I shall continue to do. I
have expressed, and I shall continue to express,
fully, the impressions made upon me, from day to
day, by what transpires in this Chamber. If I
thought this war wrong, I would not give you
a dollar to carry it on. I would unite in no call
upon the citizens of the country to draw sword
and shoulder musket in its prosecution. But I
meant no disrespect to any gentleman m this Cham-
ber. I am entirely unconscious of intending any
disrespect. 1 meant merely to express my own
"views, and would be the last man to withhold from
others the privilege of expressing their views to
the fullest extent. I certainly claim no peculiar
privilege for myself.
Mr. MANGUM next addressed the Senate.
He said he would not occupy much of the time of
the Senate. But kinc illoce. lachrymal? The Sena-
tor from Alabama [Mr. Bagby] did not advert to
the distinction that when the country was engaged
in war—whatever the cause—whatever the blun-
ders—whatever the want of foresight—whatever
the lack of wisdom which had placed the country
in that position—it was still the country's war, and
they must stand or fall by the country! They
stood up for the country. They no longer had
the alternative of peace or war. It was now war!
war!—nothing but a vigorous and a terrible war,
which was likely to bring peace to the country.
He thought that the period was past when they
could hope for any arrangement—any adjustment
of this difficulty, unless by putting forth the whole
resources of the country, if necessary, in order to
bring it to an honorable and peaceful termination.
He believed that was the sentiment which anima-
ted the members on his side of the Senate cham-
bei. Much as they deplored the war—firmly as
they believed that the war might have been avoided
by a proper degree of forecast and wisdom—yet
the country was involved, and the interests of the
country were involved, and they could never com-
promise the country's honor, or jeopard the coun-
try's rights by any inaction or any half-measures.
It was said that speedy action was required. _ This
bill had been under consideration at two sittings
of the Senate, and this day was the second sitting.
The bill for raising the ten regiments had been
under consideration much longer than he, in his
poor judgment, thought at all necessary. But, by
reverting to the progress of that debate, with the
various amendments—the various processes inter-
posed for arresting a final vote on the subject, it
would be found they originated mainly on the
other side of the Chamber. A definitive vote could
have been taken on Friday night last but for the
amendments proposed from the other side of the
Chamber.
A SENATOR. Thursday night.
Mr. MANGUM. Yes—the vote might have
been taken on Thursday night, but for the amend-
ments which were presented on the other side of
the Chamber! He did not recollect that any
amendment was offered on his side of the Cham-
ber, calculated either to arrest the progress of busi-
ness, or to prevent the speedy and prompt deter-
mination of the subject under discussion. On his
side of the Chamber repeated avowals were made
that they were prepared to vote. The only occa-
sion during that discussion on which he (Mr. M.)
had occupied the time of the Senate, was to avow
his determination to sit any length of time which
gentlemen thought necessary, if the matter would
be brought toa conclusion on the eveningon which
that avowal was made. Theie was no desire on
his side of the Chamber to arrest speedy action.
None at all. On the contrary, if anything indi-
cated delay or indisposition to speedy action, it
seemed to him that it had not been evinced on his
side of the Chamber. In his poor judgment he
belived that as this war could be only brought to a
termination by a vigorous and prompt and power-
ful effort, it should have been made earlier in the
session, and much more force than even what was
asked for should be precipitated upon Mexico.
He hoped once for all to clear his skirts of any
imputation of throwing the slightest impediment
in the way of the efforts of the Administration—
to use the slang phrase of the time—" to conquer
a peace." He went farther. He desired to ex-
press, and on a more fitting occasion than the pres-
ent he should express, some views upon the gen-
eral subject. Cut he understood from the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Finance, that
a day's delay would be pernicious to the public
interest. He should not advert to the rapidity—
the hair-trigger rapidity with which this great
measure had "passed the other House. It was the
habit of the Senate to deliberate. It had hitherto
been the habit of the Senate to consider great
propositions. And when the greatest measure of
the session did not pass at a single sitting, were
they to sit there and listen to imputations, which,
however courteously expressed, were still imputa-
tions? Were they therefore to be obliged to sub-
mit to the lash direct, though perhaps it might not
be a knotted thong? They did not want any pro-
tracted discussion on that subject on his side of the
Chamber. The briefest expositions had thus far
fbeen made of the amendments which had been
i offered. If the debate should be prolonged, he
! apprehended that it would be prolonged be gentle-
men on the other side of the Chamber. As for
himself he was now prepared to vote on every
proposition before the Senate.
Mr. SPEIGHT then rose and said, that he did
not design to participate m the debate, but to ask
the attention of the Senate to the amendment be-
fore them, and should content himself with remark-
ing Ihat he considered that, if adopted, that amend-
ment would be fatal to the practical operation of
the law. The intention of the law was to keep
out in circulation the amount of treasury notes to
be issued over and above the other resources of
the Government. Well, any law or amend-
ment which went to curtail that would be fatal to
the operation of the bill. The remark of the Sen-
ator from Maine with respect to the law hitherto
issuing treasury notesa was not applicable to the
case &The present was a war measure, lie was
ready to vote, and if any other speeches were
made, it would not be by him, any farther than
the briefest explanation of his views on amend-
ments which might be offered.
Mr. EVANS then rose and said, that the matter
before the Senate was, he believed, the amendment,
which had been offered by himself. Gentlemen
on the opposite side had spoken at length; but none
of them, lie was sorry to say, had spoken to the
amendment. The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] indeed gave the strongest evidence that the
bill should pass instantly, by discussing matters
with which the bill had not the slightest connexion!
That gentleman had evidently come with a speech
prepared in answer to some desultory remarks
which he (Mr. E.) had been obliged to make yes*
terday, but which the honorable Senatoi had yet
deemed worthy of his calm sciutiny and studied-
examination in a prepared reply! And then he
(Mr. E.) was told that if a single syllable was
uttered in explanation of his amendment, or what
he had said before, he would be taking part with
the enemies of the country.
Mr. BADGER. Giving them " aid and com-
fort."
Mr. EVANS. Yes; giving them "aid and com-
foi t."He had almost forgotten the orthodox phrase*
If he said a word in explanation he would be liable,
it seemed, to the charge of delaying and impeding
great public measures. He was told that he was
bound to sit there and take a measure simply be-
cause the Administration was icsponsible for it.
The Administration asked for this, and the Senate
was bound to comply at once—without delibera-
tion—without discussion! Discussion! What!
Presume to discuss a measure which the Adminis-
tration had offered for their acceptance! It was
preposterous ! Oh ! no-—by no means should they
discuss it. They were to take what was sent
them, and be thankful. Why not discharge their
committees forthwith? Indeed, why not disband
the Senate and Congress altogether? Practically
it was coming to that. The"Administration was
resposible; the Administration had formed its
plans; the Administration could carry out its views.
What business had the Senate, or anybody else to
discuss the measures of the Administration ?" If
that were in accordance with the form and struc-
ture of their Government, so be it. But if it weie so
—if it had come to this, that the Senate could not
discuss anything—could not deliberate on anything
—could not make any suggestions—could not offer
any amendments—was it not fair that they should
know it? Now, he proposed an amendment, and
he asked them, one and all, to tell him why, on its
merits, that amendment should not be adopted r
Let them tell him wherein it was not greatly better
than the bill,as it now stood ? Let them discuss if,
examine it, show him that it was not right, and he
should withdiaw it at once. But let them not be
told, when they sought, to improve this bill, that
they must not think of such a thing. But, was
this the measure of the Administration ? The gen-
tleman from Michigan had said that he (Mr. E.)
had imputed inconsistency to the Secretary of the
Treasury; and the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware appeared to entertain the same idea. He
(Mr. E.) did no such thing. Did the Secretary
of the Treasury say that he had sent this bill?
No. The Secretary of the Tieasury, at the com-
mencement of the sesssion—as was his duty—
reported plans for improving the revenue, that
was to raise more money by laying more duties.
The Secretary sent that recommendation, and fol-
lowed it up in a short time by a letter which had
been published—and on which he (Mr. E.) could
not at that moment place his hand; but it was
addressed to the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House, and having been entered on the
Journals of that body was a public document—and
in the letter the Sccietary informed the commit-
tee of the necessity of imposing additional duties.
This bill, then, was not the plan of the Secretary.
The Secretary said he did not want the twenty-
three millions of dollars except in the event that
his plans would not meet with favor from Con-
! gress. This, then, was not his plan. ^ i he oecre-
; tary recommended the imposition of duties; and
so far from seeking to embarrass or defeat the
| Administration, he, (Mr. E.) in the remark which
! he had made yesterday, had desned to point out
i how the public ciedit could be sustained and much
larger sums be received from duties than were now
! received. Thev were told over and over again
I that money was wanted to-day. The Secretary
' had not said so—not in any official document.
