262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
The other amendment, striking out the words
" not under par," was concurred in.
Mr. EVANS said the bill would now have to go
back to the House of Representatives; and, there-
fore, to provide additional guards, he moved the
following proviso, as an additional se'ctiun, which
was adopted:
" Sec. 22. Jlad be it further cnactcd, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to report to Congress,
at i!ie commencement of each session, the amount of treas-
ury notes which have been issued under the provisions of
this act; tlift amount redeemed, and the manner in which
redeemed; the amount purchased, ami of whom, and at
what time purchased; and the amount reissued, stating in
Iipu of which redemption they are reissued, with the date
of such reissuing, during the preceding year.
The question recurred on engrossing the -amend-
ments for a third reading, which was agreed to. ;
Mr. CAMERON moved that the bill have its |
third reading. |
Mr. EVANS. The amendments are not en- j
grossed. !
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested that the Senator from j
Pennsylvania had better withdraw his motion. j
Mr. CAMERON withdrew it accordingly. !
The Senate then adjourned. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January *26, 1847.
The House, pursuant to previous order, met this
day at eleven o'clock; and the Journal of yesterday
was read and approved.
Mr. H. T. Ellett, (Democrat,) member elect
from the State of Mississippi, vice Mr. Jefferson
Davis, resigned, appeared, was qualified, and took
his seat.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. McClelland in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the " bill to increase
the pay of the non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates, of the army of the United
States, and the militia and volunteers in the service
of the sam^, and allowing them bounty land in
certain cases."
Mr. J.J. McDOWELL said that he did not rise
to make a speech on the bill under consideration,
but simply to say that he was in favor of the sub-
stitute reported by the special committee raised on
this subject a few days since, with a few amend-
ments, which he believed would contribute to per-
fecting it. The amendment offered yesterday by
Mr. Hotston, of Alabama, to increase the pay of
the soldier to ten dollars per month, met his appro-
bation, and should receive h>s vote, upon the ground
of its propriety and justice. The service of the
soldier is the hardest service performed by any
other set of men m the employment of the Gov-
ernment, and he conceived that this additional pay,
with the land bounty proposed by the substitute,
would approximate to something like justice to-
wards these men. If this amendment, and one or
two others of less moment, which will be proposed
in due time, shall obtain, and be made part of the
substitute, he would be pleased; but if they should
fail, he would still vote for the substitute,although
not piecisely in the form he preferred.
Mi. HARMANSON addiessed the committee.
He considered the substitute reported from the se-
lect committee objectionable in one point at least.
By it, if a soldier was killed before he served twelve
months, his widow or heirs received no extra com-
pensation for his services. He was in favor of
waking a provision for such cases.
Mr. WICK obtained the floor and said:
Mr. Chairman: On yesterday, in discussing this
bill, an honorable member from Kentucky [Mr.
TuoMAbsoN] asked the question, with much em-
phasis, whether the Democratic party on this
floor could be serious, or sincerc, in their appa-
rent advocacy of this measure? As an indication
of the contrary, the. honorable, member alluded to
the fact, that on two occasions during the last ses-
sion of Congress a great number of those com-
posing ^ that party here voted, apparently, against
propositions for raising the pay of the volunteers
alone, to the exclusion of the militia and regular
forces.
Sir, I take this to myself. I am one of the
Democratic party, and on one, or both, (no matter
which,) of the occasions alluded to by the honor-
able member, I voted against the propositions for
the raising of the pay of the volunteers—at least
apparently; though I believe I could satisfy any
reasonable man tEat such votes were cast, not be-
cause of opposition to the measure itself, but from
other prudential considerations,and that, too, inde-
pendently of subsequent ^action or votes on the
same subject.
Sir, I was aware, when I gave the vote, or votes
alluded to, that 1 was making myself liable to
much misrepresentation, and equally aware that
the occasion would not be suffered to pass here, or
elsewhere. But I also know my motives and in-
tentions were correct, and I was willing to trust
the matter to time and the judgments of honest
men.
It is true, sir, that at the time those votes were
given we were just entering upon a war, the end
or expense of which no one could foresee. And
it is also true that we were bringing about the tariff
reform to which the Democratic p Arty stood pledged
before the nation and the world; and under such
circumstances, a prudent man might well pause
before he would give a vote involving an increased
probable expenditure of many millions, the meas-
ure from which such expenditure would result
being suddenly sprung upon us, and we forced to
vote without time for consideration; for as I un-
derstand the matter, the highest of our duties here
is, to guard the pockets of those we represen t against
unreasonable taxation, and the prodigal expendi-
ture from which it must result.
But, sir, although such a reason was sufficient
to throw out at demagogues and malecontents, and
was better than any motive of theirs deserved, yet
it would, of itself, by no means have commanded
my vote or votes given at last session, alluded to
by the honorable member from Kentucky. Nor,
sir, will I now occupy the time of the committee
in stating all the other reasons which seemed to me
at the time amply sufficient to control my vote
against the propositions referred to, but will con-
tent myself with stating two, which will address
themselves to the understanding of all reasonable
men.
In the first place, the increase of pay provided
for by the propositions of last session, was neither
sufficiently valuable nor substantial to amount to a
compensation to the gallant spirits who, on the first
annunciation of a state of war, and that their ser-
vices in the battle-field were wanted, rushed forth
to encounter and endure the dangers of battle, and
the poignant sufferings incident to inaction within
sight of the enemy, the fatigues of marches, the
dull routine of camp duty, exposure to the causes
of disease, and the pains of sickness, far from home
I and friends; nor was it sufficiently dignified as an
1 expression of the sense of the country, concerning
; a patriotism and self-sacrifice so conspicuous and
1 glorious. I, together with many gentlemen on this
side of the House, preferred that a substantial grant
, of land should either supersede, or accompany the
! proposed increase of pay, as better accomplishing
: botii the objects which 1 have stated. And for this
■ reason, I and others voted against the propositions
alluded to by the honorable member from Ken-
i tucky. This reason operated only upon our sense
1 of discretionaly duty. But another leason pre-
■ sented itself which, so far as I am concerned, ad-
dressed itself to a sterner conscientiousness; and
i patriotism commanded me to assume the responsi-
bility incident to my station, even though the result
| might be that, for a time, "mine enemy'1 might
! " rejoice over me," and good and friendly minds,
for a time, might misunderstand me.
Sir, at the time when the propositions alluded to
by the honorable member from Kentucky were
i presented, the companies of the regular army aver-
i aged but about thirty men each. We had just
passed a law, on Executive lecommendation, au-
: thorizmg the filling up of those companies to
eighty, or one hundred men. Experience had
shown that to inhst men into the regular army
1 was a difficult and tedious operation. Whil#the
. volunteer service is always deemed highly honor-
: able, and is consequently popular, the regular ser-
i vice was, at the time alluded to by the honorable
! member from Kentucky, not popular, and inhst-
, ment was deemed a disparagement to the individual
, inhsting, and to his family. The regular army
was fully officered, and the burden of that officer-
! ing must be borne at all events. By creating a
j distinction between the pay of the volunteers and
| regulars, to the disadvantage of the latter, we
| would have increased the disparaging considera-
I tions already existing to the prejudice of the regu-
lar service so as to effectually put a stop to further
inlistments. I will not pause to ask if the propo-
sitions of last session would have been just to the
heroes of Palo Alto and of Resaca de la Palma.
I will not appeal to the heart in their favor; for,
poor fellows, they are no one's constituents, they
have no votes, nor friends who are voters, and
the politician can therefore afford to forget them,
and there is no one to make a clamor for them;
but I will ask if it is not clear that the effect of the
proposition to raise the pay of the volunteers and
not of the regular soldier, would have been fatal
to the service of the country ? Sir, this question
must be answered in the affirmative. By such a
measure we should have not only put a stop to fur-
ther mlistment, as I have shown, hut we would
have begotten, in the various corps of the regular
army, a spirit of discontent, leading to strifes,
jealousies, and fends, between the volunteer arid
regular corps, and to desertion of our flag in the
hour of danger. Sir, I repeat, it would have been
a fatal stab to the regular service, and to the har-
mony, contentment, emulation, and discipline, of
the whole army.
Knowing that I was well watched by the small-
potato gentry who claim the appellation of politi-
cians, and which I will willingly award to them,
in the bad sense, on condition that 1 may be per-
mitted to deny their claim to the appellation, or
characteristics of statesmen, J embraced the first
opportunity to offer a resolution, in accordance
with the views which I have stated, and directing
an inquiry, by the Committee on Military Affairs,
into the propriety of a suitable grant to the whole
army, regulars and volunteers; for which see page
1043 of the Congressional Globe of the first ses-
sion of the 29th Congress. In due time the honor-
able chairman of that committee [Mr. Haralson
of Georgia,] reported a bill for the purpose desig-
nated; for which see same volume, page 1086 of the
Congressional Globe; and it is but justice to the
honorable gentleman [Mr. Haralson] to say, that
on some half dozen previous occasions he had en-
deavored, unsuccessfully, to obtain the leave of
the House to introduce the bill. It was near the
close of the session when this bill was introduced,
and it was left among the unfinished business, to
come up at the present session. And now, sir,
neither out of place, nor out of season, but exactly
in both, we have the bill before us, much im-
proved, as I think. It embraces not only the vol-
unteers and regulars, but also drafted militia; thus
remedying a defect in the resolution offered by
myself, under which the bill was reported, which
escaped my memory at the moment of drafting it.
It not only grants land to, but it increases the pay
of, all the corps of the army. In its present shape,
or in anymore liberal shape, resulting from amend-
ment, it will receive my cheerful and heartfelt sup-
port, stripped, as it is, of the objections which
commanded my vote adversely to the propositions
of last session, alluded to by the honorable member
from Kentucky.
Sir, I am glad that this opportunity is afforded
me, to prove, by speech and vote, that I am the
friend of those gallant spirits, the volunteers, and
that, though I have not always felt myself bound
to expound my reasons for my votes of last ses-
sion, in answer to the "bald disjointed chat" or
scribble of " popinjay" politicians, I am well able,
at the proper time and in the proper place, to " set
the same forth m order/' for the consideration of
just and candid men.
Sir, neither by demonstrations here, nor by figu-
ring and wire-pulling at home, am I engaged to the
support of this bill; but solely by a high sense of
what is due to those who bare their bosoms to the
battle-storm, or encounter the tedious privations of
the camp, as well as to the dignity and honor of
the country. The boon which this bill tenders is
substantial; such as will fill up the ranks, and keep
them filled; such as a great and magnanimous peo-
ple need not be ashamed of; such as the legislator
may point to, and, without a blush, say: " It pass-
ed with my voice in its favor."
Sir, he who says that I am unfriendly to the vol-
unteer, speaks without sense or reason. Five com-
panies of your volunteer army, now in Mexico,
were raised in the district which 1 represent, and
they and their fathers, brothers, and sons, are my
constituents. In the person of a nephew, " bone
of my bone, and flesh of my flesh, teas among
them: I say icas, because " now he is not." Far
from home, and from those to whom, as son and
