184T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
the destruction of the property of the deceased by
a body of armed militia in the year 1806; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from citizens of
New York against an increase in the rates of post-
age; which was laid on the table, a bill on the sub-
ject having been reported.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to make attachments which
are made under process? issuing from the courts of
the United States conform to the laws regulating
such attachments in the courts of the States; which
was read a first time.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to provide a free
communication across the Eastern Branch of the
river Potomac, in the District of Columbia; which
was read a first time.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
providing for the transportation of mails to and
from the army in Mexico; which was read a first
time.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported the following resolu-
tion, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Piesidentof the United States
be requested to direct that the sale of the land ad-
vertised to be sold on the 8th day of March, 1847,
at the land office at Dubuque, in the State of Iowa,
(known as the Dubuque land claim,) be suspend-
ed until the claimants to said lands may be fully
heard as to their rights, either in Congress or be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States. The
land above referred to being the southeast quarter
of fractional township ninety, range second; the
southeast quarter of township eighty-nine, range
one; township eighty-nine, ranges two and three;
township eighty-eight, ranges two, three,and four;
and township eighty-seven, ranges three, four, and
five; that is, so much of the said townships and
ranges as lie on the west side of the main channel
of the Mississippi river.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of James Jones, of the
city of Brooklyn, without amendment.
SURVEYOR-GENERAL IN OREGON.
The bill to create the office of surveyor-general
of the Territory of Oregon, and to grant donations
in lands, and for other purposes, was passed.
Mr. BERRIEN subsequently moved a recon-
sideration of this vote, in consequence of the ab-
sence of Mr. Pearce, of Maryland, who had inti-
mated an intention to oppose the passage of the
bill, and the motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF OUR TROOPS.
The following resolution, submitted heretofore
by Mr. Cilley, was taken up in its order for con-
sideration:
" Whereas a speedy and honorable peace with Mexico is
exceedingly desirable; and wlieiens 4 the Constitution ot the
< United States has made no provision foi our holding foreign
* territories, still less for lncorpotating foreign nations into
<our Union:' " Therefoie—
"Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to order the armvof the United States now in Mexi-
co to some place in the United States near the frontiers of
the two couritiies."
The resolution having been read—
Mr. ALLEN moved that it be laid upon the
table.
Messrs. BREESE, SPEIGHT, and other Sen-
ators, demanded the yeas and nays upon this mo-
tion, and they were ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table not being de-
batable, it was, at the request of Mr. Cilley,
withdrawn temporarily, to allow him to address
the Senate.
Mr. CILLEY said he had several reasons for
introducing the resolution, and he would, as briefly
as possible, state what those reasons were. This
country was at war with Mexico. He would not
pause to inquire how we got into that war; there
was the substantive fact of an existing war. The
war had thus far been prosecuted with vigor; and,
although a vigorous prosecution of the war was
the course proposed by the President for procuring
peace, yet it seemed that peace was no nearer after
such vigorous prosecution of the war for a long
time past than it was at the commencement of hos-
tilities. Our Government had carried forward their
I forces into the enemy's country, until they were
told by the general commanding that it was impos-
sible to proceed any farther towards the Mexican
capital in that direction, unless he received a very
great accession of troops. What, then, were they
to do in this emergency? The Senator from Ohio,
in the proposition which he had submitted to the
Senate, he believed, indicated a desire that large
reinforcements should be raised and forwarded
immediately for the prosecution of the war; but
the great objection which rested upon his mind
in regard to this sudden increase of the army was,
that the troops thus hastily raised must necessarily
be undisciplined and inefficient; and, in addition
to this, that, even if inlisted with the utmost de-
spatch, they could not be concentrated upon the
field of military operations before the beginning of
the sickly season. The consequence would be,
that when they reached the scene of action, most
of them would be sick and unfit for service. His
plan was to withdraw our forces to some point
within the boundary of the United States, where
the sustenance for an army could be more readily
obtained, and there augment the army to any
extent they pleased; have the soldiers well drilled
and enured to service, so that when a blow was to
be struck, it might be such a blow as would make
itself felt throughout the republic of Mexico. If
we continue the policy which we have commenced,
we shall disable ourselves from doing this. Half
our aimy will be sick, and it will take the other half
to nurse those who are disabled. It appeared that
this war was not to be a short war; it was going
to be a long one; and in order to prosecute it with
vigor and success, a greatly enlarged and more
efficient force would be required. What amount
of force would be required lie was unable to say;
but it seemed the army which had been sent there
was altogether inadequate to the successful com-
pletion of the war, although they had achieved
brilliant victories, and won for themselves imper-
ishable fame at Palo Alto and at Monterey. Per-
haps there was no country on earth where the men
fought so well as our troops had done. He con-
sidered the affair at Monterey the most brilliant
achievement on record—almost a miracle—a battle
won as it was by a small army against vastly su-
perior numbers, and protected by strong fortifica-
tions.
But he was not for having our gallant little army
fight in this desperate manner. If they had to fight
the Mexicans until they conquered a peace, until
they forced them into a capitulation, he desired to
have an army equal to the work—a large and well-
appointed and well-disciplined army. The opin-
ion of the commanding general was, that, in order
to conquer Mexico, their capital must be taken,
and that the proper route to be pursued was to land
at Vera Cruz and march direct to the capital. If
this was the proper course, as a preliminary step
it would be necessary to withdraw our troops from
their present position, and, as a further step, they
ought to increase the army to fifty thousand men;
and they would then be in a condition to carry out
their views. And how long would it take to send
such a force into the field? Before they could be
got there, the yellow fever, the black vomit, will
have made its appearance. The troops must be
organized, equipped, properly officered; and the
officers would require drilling as well as the men—
they would have everything to learn. Duringthe
last war, it took eighteen months to make a sol-
dier. The whole nature of the man has to be
changed. He has to assume the harness of a
soldier—the cartridge box, the canteen, the haver-
sack, &c. He has not the tact to take care of
himself. Everything is to be done. And he has j
to learn to obey orders—the hardest, but most j
necessary, part of his duty. !
The Senator from Michigan yesterday had avow- j
ed the opinion that it was unconstitutional for \
Congress to direct the President as to the course
which he should pursue in the prosecution of the
war; that the only duty of Congress was to fur-
nish him with the means he asked for, in the way
in which he desired, and that he alone had the \
right to direct the operations of the war in the way j
he thought proper. He differed from the honor-
able Senator in this opinion. He thought it was
clearly their duty to deliberate upon the subject,
and to propose such measures as they deemed ad-
visable. If they believed those who had charge
of the war were going wrong, it wjas their duty to
propose a better plan. That was his conscientious
belief. The honorable Senator from New York,
the other day, had stated that we were in posses-
sion of two-thirds of Mexico. What were we to
do with this extensive territory? If they were
to retain it by military force, it would require a.
large army.
He thought they were in a bad condition to con-
test the possession of so large an extent of terri-
tory, and he could see no other way of extricating
themselves from their present dilemma but by
withdrawing the tinny and reinforcing it; and then
when Mexico saw that we had a force that would
look down all opposition, they might be willing to
treat for peace. He thought they would obtain 'a
treaty much sooner in this way than by attempt-
ing to push forward an insufficient army into their
country, purchasing the sustenance of that army
from the Mexicans, leaving a large amount of mo-
ney with them, furnishing them the best market
they could desire, and carrying on the war upon
the frontiers. If they were going to fight the Mexi-
cans with a view of concluding the war, he was
disposed to strike at the heart of the country.
With these few remarks he would content himself,
and allow the vote to be taken.
Mr. CASS desired to be indulged for a moment.
The honorable Senator had misapprehended the
extent of his remarks. He did not mean to state
that Congress had not the power to direct the op-
erations of the war. He said that he considered
it doubtful how far Congress had the right to di-
rect the President in what manner he should cany
on the war.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion to lay the resolution upon the table, and re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Ather-
ton, Badger, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Breese, Bright, But-
ler, Cass, Chalmeis, Cillej', J. M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton,
Colquitt, Corwin, Crittenden, Dayton, Dix, Evans, Fail field,
Greene, Hanneg.m, Houston, Huntington, Jnrnagin, John-
son of Louisiana, Lewis, Mason, M.mgum, Miller, Moie-
head, Nilcs, Rusk, Sevier, Speight, Stuigeon, Tuiney, Up-
luim, Westeott, Woodliridge, and Yulee—44.
NAYS—None.
THE LOAN BILL.
The Treasury Note and Lopti Bill was read a
third time, and the question being, Shall this bill
pass?
Mr. EVANS rose and said, that he did not in-
tend to oppose the passage of the bill, but he de-
sired to take this occasion to set himself right, or
to prevent his views from being misunderstood;
for he found that his remarks had been erroneous-
ly reported in one particular, in which it was of
some importance that he should be clearly under-
stood. In the debate which occurred upon this
bill on the day before yesterday, he had been made
to say that he would " cheerfully vote for placing
a duty upon those articles which were now free
from duty." This by no means expressed his
meaning. He had not expressed a readiness to
vote for an independent measure imposing duties
upon the list of articles which were now free.
What he had said was, that he was ready to em-
brace the free list, or a large part of it, in any bill
that might be brought before that branch of Con-
gress imposing duties for the purpose of increasing
the revenue and furnishing the Government with
the necessary supplies. He would be extremely
reluctant to vote for an insulated measure impo-
sing a duty upon the articles now free—a measure
in which nothing else was contemplated than such
duty for supplying the deficiencies in the revenue.
He thought it necessary to make this explanation,
in order that he might not be called upon hereafter
to vote for any such measure, under the mistaken
supposition that he had declared himself in its
favor.
The question being put on the passage of the
bill—
Mr. MANGUM asked for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, were as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Ather-
ton, Badger, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Breese, Bright, Butler,
Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers. John M. Clayton, Thomas Clay-
ton, Colquitt, Ciittenden, Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Fairfield,
Gieene, Hannegan, Houston, Jarnagin, Johnson ol Louisi-
ana, Lewi-*, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Busk, Se-
vier, Simmons, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Upham, Web-
ster, Westcott, and Yulee—43.
NAYS—Messrs. CiJJey and Corwin—19.
ARMY BILL.
The Senate next resumed the consideration of the
Army bill.
