270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
He had been surprised that this recommendation
had received so little attention, not only at the
hands of Congress, but of the country. It seemed
to have fallen dead at its birth; but he was there
to denounce it. They had not acted upon it, nor
would not. The silence with which it had been
received might be a most just rebuke, but it de-
served a rebuke more emphatic. There was no
emergency requiring a resort to a privateering sys-
tem; and with our extended seaboard, we should
have been the last nation to resort to such a species
of warfare, either for offence or defence; which had
been properly denominated a remnant of barbarism
and piracy from the days of Grotius down.
He then gave a history of this privateering sys-
tem, which, he said, was the legitimate offspring
of the old corsairs, down through several centu-
ries.
He submitted, that a proposition to resort to
such a system was unworthy of this Government
arid of the age. While we were making advances
in everything that humanizes and refines and im-
proves mankind, with what effect could we not
have taken another step in advance, by denouncing
that system of piracy: a step which would have
made amends for much of the evil that had been
inflicted on humanity by this war, and for the loss
of blood and treasuie which it had occasioned.
He examined this subject, and the President's
course in relation to it, at some length, and in
terms of reprobation.
He next proceeded to the military part of this
campaign. He held the President responsible for
the plan of the campaign. The Senator from Mis-
souri had told him that the President could not
command in person; that he could not issue orders
here to be obeyed there; that there had been no
instance, since the time of Eugene of Savoy, of a
Cabinet council contiolling a campaign. Sir, the
Earl of Chatham lived after Eugene of Savoy; he
was not only a man, but the man of the next gen-
eration; and I need not say here that his dictates
governed the military movements of the armies of
England, in Continental Europe, in Canada, in
hither and further India, and throughout the world.
But we have about as much right to look for a
Chatham in council now as to look for a Eugene
of Savoy in the field.
There was no difficulty about the plan of a cam-
paign being determined upon here. They had had
the project of a campaign prepared by the Senator
from Missouri, of which he had given them but
an indistinct view, but which, when given to the
world, he had no doubt would be found to be
marked with the characteristics of that Senator—•
boldness and originality. But when was this plan
of a campaign called for? It was called for after
the work was done: after the army had been scat-
tered and divided, a column here and a column
there; after rivers of blood had flowed in this
ineffectual campaign just before the session of
Congress, and almost simultaneously with the re-
commendation for the appointment of a lieutenant
general to command the army in Mexico. To
whom was that plan submitted ? Was it not ac-
companied with the understanding that its author
was to carry it into effect? But this Government
was apprized long ago, by the commander of the
troops in Mexico, if they were to rely upon the
authenticity of a letter which had recently been J
published, and the facts stated in that letter, which
facts had not been denied by the organ of the Gov-
ernment here; if they.were to rely upon those facts,
the Government was apprized long ago, by the
general in command, that the campaign could not
be conducted any further upon the plan which they
were pursuing; that the only mode by which they
could carry out this plan of conquering a peace
was to take the main route from Vera Cruz to the
capital. !
But what was that plan thus submitted to the !
President and rejected, because they had rejected!
the bill which lay at the foundation of its being !
carried into effect ? They knew not what the plan
was, but they weie told n was not to interfere with
the fighting vocation of the general in command.
It was to supply, not a fighting general, but a
thinking general—not balls, but brains.
Mr. D. would not, however, spend more time
on this plan, but proceed to other topics, and he
thought he saw cfeaily how an effort was made
by the Administration to shrink from the just re-
sponsibility for its measures. There was a time,
he remembered, not far gone by, when discretion-
ary orders were in the hands of the general on the
Rio Grande—in those days of anticipated disaster
which preceded the unlooked-for victories which
occurred. If at that time disaster had come, was
it intended that the President should be relieved
from all responsibility, and that it should fall on
the general in command? Well, if the general
had the responsibility, he (Mr. D.) did not intend
that he should be without means. And he did not
mean that the President should shield himself from
his just responsibility, by saying that he had not
been furnished with the means, and he would
therefore grant him the supplies he asked for. He
had had ability enough, just ability enough, to get
us into this war, but not ability enough to prose-
cute it with advantage, or to bring it to an honora-
ble termination. Where was all this to end ? He
could see in the dim vista of the future, when he
looked at the address of the Mexicon general and
the decree of the Mexican Congress—he could see
what seemed to him to be an abyss which no man
could fathom—a bottomless pit, which would swal-
low up all the means which they thought fit to
grant, and he very much feared it would swallow
up the Administration which had digged it.
What were the plans of the campaign? And
what were the results to be accomplished? Mexico
was suffering less by her defeats than we by our
victories. Our loss of men by battle and the cli-
mate was, when compared to hers, as five to one;
and our expense was exceeding hers by millions.
By our plan of the campaign we have got a worth-
less foothold on Mexican territory. Our aimy
pays for all it consumes, and thereby becomes the
best market that Mexico ever had. It had been
suggested that we should cnforce contributions
from the Mexicans; but he thought the days of
tribute were gone by. Was it intended to plunder
Mexican churches and seize on private property?
Was that the system to be pursued? If so, they
would justify all that had been said, and it would
be a war of races and extermination. We have
invaded Canada, but then the first thing we did was
to proclaim that private property was safe. Great
Britain invaded us, but when was it that war had
been prosecuted in the form now suggested? He
admitted that Napoleon violated this principle, but
his conduct had never been held to be a precedent
settling the rule of national law; on the contrary,
on the return of the Bourbons, they claimed ex-
emption from all damages by reason of his pro-
cedure. Mr. D. begged again to say that he hoped
the days of tribute and plunder were gone by.
They must pay for what they got in Mexico, and
they could get but little even then for the support
of our army, for the material was not there; and
what, then, was the profit of their hold on that
distant territory r
But he begged to call the attention of the Senate
to another view m reference to the origin and plan
of this campaign. If it had been a campaign to
compel a peace, it would have been very different
in all its forms. But it was not a plan to secure a
peace: it was a plan simply for acquisition. Ac-
quisition was the end, and peace the means. The
acquisition of California was clearly and manifestly
an end contemplated. The President said the war
was not carried on in a spirit of aggrandizement;
but look to the documents, and they prove the
matter as clear as light. The inlistment of Steven-
son's New York regiment was conclusive on that
point. But beyond this there were numerous other
documents which settled the matter, and placed it
beyond controversy.
In support of this position Mr. D. read numerous
extracts from the published correspondence of the
departments with Commodores Stockton and Shu-
brick, General Kearny, and others.
He continued, if this were not the object, why
march an army across the prairies, where there
were no military posts, nor supply trains to cut
oil? What did they there, unless the intention
was to seize and hold the country ? He made no
pretensions to a knowledge of military tactics, but
he could sec how the plan of the campaign had
been carried out. He could see that our soldiers !
have crossed the desert, and had braved death by ,
climate and by battle. They have won every field I
they have contested, gained every height they have I
stormed, and yet the question recurs: Cui bono? It J
was evident a lieutenant general was wanted in the |
Cabinet, and not in the field. They wanted a [
plan of a campaign which, when carried out, would
be productive of something more than barren !
honors and coffined bones. Let the plan of the
campaign be a prudent one, and then let means be
supplied to carry it on. He was willing primarily
to vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] and if that should fail,
he would vote for the bill.
Mr. ATCHISON rose to explain some remarks
heretofore made by him, which he had been in-
formed were liable to misconstruction. What he
had intended to say was, that a very large propor-
tion of the soldiers in the regular army were for-
eigners. And he further stated that he did not
believe that the material of the regular army was
equal to the volunteer force. At the same time he
believed that the foreigner in the regular army was
of the same material as the native American. At
the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma,
he was informed, and he believed the returns
showed; that there was a larger proportion of for-
eigners killed and wounded than native Ameri-
cans. He was told that of the charge of Captain
May, which was made with eighty men, seventy-
six were foreigners. He wished to be understood,
then, as not desiring to disparage them, either as
soldiers or as citizens generally. He had read
from a list of deserters which showed the fact that
the larger number were foreigners, to show that
greater reliance could be placed on volunteers than
on regular soldiers.
Mr. JARNAGIN rose and said, he very seldom
occupied much of the time of the Senate in dehate,
for he contented himself with a silent vote; but
feeling it to be his duty on this occasion to vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
he claimed the indulgence of the Senate while he
gave his reasons for the vote he should give. (Ad-
journ, adjourn.) tie had no objections to the
adjournment, if Senators desired it. However,
perhaps it would be desirable first to go into exec-
utive session, and he therefore made that motion.
Mr. BENTON hoped the motion would not be
agreed to.
Mr. BREESE called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JARNAGIN said he would not allow him-
self to be put in a false position by that motion.
He had made it at the suggestion of others, but as
it was objected to, he would withdraw it and go
on.
He had before remarked that he had voted for
all propositions to furnish money or men since the
war commenced, and that he recognised the war as
having been commenced by Mexico. He had done
so from a sense of duty; but when he had done
that, he had not made himself a slave to vote for
all other propositions that might hereafter be pre-
sented. He felt that he had a right to determine
for himself what means he should vote to put into
the hands of the President, and what rights he
intended to exercise. He knew it had been said,
and he felt the force of it, that we must give the
Administration all the means the Administration
asks. But before he voted blindly he must be
pardoned if he paused.
And now as to these ten regiments. Had any
gentleman given any reasons for them? Yes.
What was the reason? Solely and alone, that,
owing to the terms of service, volunteers were
more expensive than regulars. No other reason
had been given to his knowledge, eithei here or
elsew here. It had been judicially decided that the
Government had the power to receive the services
of volunteers, and therefore he would not occupy
any time on that point, but go at once to the fact
that we are in a war and must have peace. What,
then, was the most eligible means to attain that
end? He held a vigorous prosecution of the war
to be the only means, and under that impression
he had uniformly acted heretofore, voting all the
means asked for, whether men or money.
Mr. J. here paused for a moment, and then said:
I will be silent, Mr. President, until I can hear my
own voice. I do not desiie that others should hear
it, but I do desire to hear it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER having obtained
order—
Mr. JARNAGIN proceeded. The Congress of
the United States in May last declared its purpose
in recognising a war with Mexico. And what
was that purpose? To promote a speedy and
successful termination of the war. Not only suc-
cessful, but a speedy termination of the war. Plow
faithfully that had been carried out he would not
say; but at the present session, after they had
voted all the money and troops that were asked
