THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR St RIVES.
3th Con-guess, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1847.
New Series No. 18.
States ; said land to be entered at the proper land office free
of cost or charsre, and to be selected out of any unappiopiia-
ted land of the United States winch may be subject to sale
at private entry. And tiie legal representatives of each of
the atfiiecaid olricers and soldiers who may not be living at
the time this act *hall take effect shall be entitled to leceive
the bounty of one hunched and si.xtv acres heie.in piovidcd
tor."
Mr. VANCE moved an amendment as anew
section, providing (as was understood by the Re-
porter) for the satisfaction of the Virginia military
bounty hind claims.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order,
Mr. PHELPS moved to strike out all of the
■substitute of the Select Committee, and insert the j
following in lieu thereof: I
"Be. it enacfcd, ot'e., That, from and after the fir>t <3a\ of ;
May JaNt, and until the termination of the war with Mexico,
she monthly pay of the non-commissioned officers, miiso-
eiaiH, and privates, of the army of the United State*, and
Jinlitiaami volunteer in the sesvice of the same, shall he
inctea«?ed three dollars per month each.
"Sec. 3. *&nd be it further erweted, That each non-com-
-missioned officei. musician, and private, who has volunteer-
ed since the fust of Mayla.it for less than twelve months,
and who shall have gone into the service and continued
therein until honorably discharged, shall be enti'led to a
wan ant for eighty acies of lani belonging to the United
-States subject to entiy at the date of *aid wan ant.
"Bec. il */lnd be i*£ fuit'icr ciuicfed, That any non-com -
-missioned officer, musician, or piivate, who ha* volunteei-
■ed or may volunteer in the s-eiviee of the United States
J or twelve month* oi during the war with Mexico, since the
hr«.t day of May last, and who ha-* gone or mav go into
actual «eivice and continue therein until honotabiy dis-
charged, shall be entitled to a wai rant for one handled and
•sixty acres of laud, with the privilege ot entering the fame
'On any land belonging to the United States and subject to
: iivate entry at the date of ^aid wsuiant.
< Sec. 4 Jlndbe it further enacted, That each non-com-
■imssioned officer, musician, and pi ivate, of the tegular artnv,
'wlio, cm the seventh dav of May la-t, iiad less than twelve
months to serve, and who has b;en or may be engaged in
the war aaamsf Mexico, and who ha< served o< may setve
-in the army until ne is honorably di-cliaiged, shall -bo enti-
tled to a wai taut for eighty acre* of land belonging to the
United States, subject to puvate entry at tiie date of said
■wan ant.
5. Jl\id be it further snactcd, That each non-com-
missioned officer, muMC'ian, and private, of the regular arinv,
who, on the seventh day ot May last had twelve months
oi longci to si rve, and had Iwen, or may be, engaged in the
wai against Mexico, and ha*5 beived, oi may seive, until he
.is honoiahiy discharged ; andeach non-commie: toned officer,
musician, and p.ivate, wno, miicc that tune, has minted, or
-may inli-t, and who ha* been engaged, or may be engiged,
<in tiie war against Mevico, asd shall serve until he is honor-
ably di-clmrgd, shall be entitled to a warrant tor one hun-
• died and si\r\ acres of land belonging to the .United States,
suhieetto private entiy at the date'of said wariaut.
« Srjc. 6. Jlnd be it fat the) enacted, That if any non-com-
jms-ioned otiicer, musician, or private, of the reguhu army
engaged m the war with Mexico, or any non commissioned
-oliicer, mu-ician, or private, in the volunteer service of tiie
United Slates, alter having bee;: musteied mtothe service,
has been, oi shall he, killed,ot has died, or-shall die, m the
service, ins wife and'Child or ehihlien,<iF .there be anv; if
none, then his father; and if no father, then his mother,
shall be entitled to receive a wai rant for one hundred and
sixty acies of land belonging to. the'Unned States, subject to
private entiy at tiie date of saul wauant.
il Sec. 7. Jind be it further eiuided, Tout the Seeietaiy of
War, for the tune being, shall, fiom time to tunc, ivu«
wariant* for the military land bounties to the persons en-
titled theicto bv tilHACt • Provided, al atys, That such wai-
lanh- shall he ss-ued only m the names of the per-ons thus
••enutSeil, and not until aftci tl.c clo-«e of the cxistiug war
with M ock'o, and t-hall b.j by them, or their leprc^cntativcs,
applied for within five yeais after the said peu ons are en-
titled thereto."
The above proposition of Mr. Phelps was
!agreed to: Ayes 84, noes 4G.
And the question was then taken on agreeing to
'the substitute of the select committee, as thus
amended, and it was a«reed to.
The committee, rose and repotted the bill as
amended to the House; and
Mr. BOYD moved to amend the amendment
reported by the Committee of the nW^hole, by add-
ing the following proviso:
"Pronlei, That notlnmr contained m this act shall be
construed to rive bountv land to Mich volunteer., as « en:
received into service and discharged without being matched
to the seat of wai ; and that the -urn of three hunc.red thou-
sand dollars be. and the =anie is lir-i eh v. appiopuatcu, winch
shall be applied by the Secretary of Wat to provide tor tne
comfort of disehaiged soldiers who may be landed at New
Orleans so disabled by sickness or wounds leceivod in tne
service a= to be unable to proceed to their home?, ami to
,furni-h means to lorward destitute soldiers tothennQines.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question.
18
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
The question was decided in the negative, by
yeas and nays, as follows: Yeas 27, nays 150.
Mr. McKAY rose to a question of order, as to
the latter part of Mr. Boyd's amendment, and
called the attention of the Speaker to the 131st
rule.
The SPEAKER stated that his attention had
been called to that rule before the gentleman from
North Carolina rose. The rule is as follows: "AH
* proceedings touching appropriations of money
'shall be first discussed in a Committee of the
' Whole House."
The SPEAKER said that, under the above rule,
the latter part of the proposition of the, gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Bovn] was not in order, as
it made an appropriation of money.
The first clause, of the proviso moved by Mr.
Boyd, viz:
" Provided, That nothing contained in this act
' shall be construed to give bounty lands to such
' volunteers as were received into service and dis-
' charged without being marched to the seat of war,"
was then read and agreed to.
The substitute of Mr. Phelps, as reported by
the Committee of the Whole, and as amended by
Mr. Boyd's proviso, was then read, and under the
operation of the previous question, concurred in by
the House.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, was accordingly read a third time.
The question then recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
ordered to be put, viz : Shall the bill pass?
Mr. STEWART asked the yeas anil nays on
the question, which were taken, and were: Yeas
171, nays 18.
YEAS—Me=srs Stephen Adams, Anderson. Arnold. Ash-
niun. Atkinson, Barr.n«ei, Itedmger, Hell, Benton, Bums,
Jane's Btaek. Ja-. A. Black, Bnwdun, Don Jul, ISojd, Diink-
orhoff, BrodlWd, Milton Brown, William G. Broivn, Bnf-
fni"tou, William W. Campbell, Jolm H. Campbell, Carroll,
Catlieait, John <i. Clil|irnan, Augustus A. Cliajairm, Reuben
Clapman, Cliase, Oliipman, Clnlke, Col)!., Coeiie, C'ollnmcr,
Collin, Cottle!!, Cioziei, Cullom, Ciiininms. Cunningham,
Foster l'nes. Gentrv. Giles. Gordon. Graham, Grider, Gro
vei Hamlin, Haral-on, Hannanson. Hal per, Ha-tings, Hen-
ley, Hilliaul.Hoge, E. B. Holme.,, Hopkin", (Ji'Ugo
S Houston, Edmund W. llnluid, Samuel  . Huhlmid,
Waslunfilon Hunt, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J In-
cei^oil Joseph It. Illgersoll, Jenkins, James 11. johnson.
Anihew Johnson, Geoiae W Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy,
I'.e^ton Kins, Thomas B. King, Lnwienee, Leake, l,effler,
L,ji!i La Sere, Levin, Lnron. Long. Lumpkin, M.ieiay,
MeOlellanil. MeClei mind, "McCi.itc, McDaruel, Joseph J.
MeDowei!, James ]VTel)owe!l. MeGauiiliey, MeHenrv, John
P Martin, Ilai kley Martin, Morn1-, Moimi, iVIoseley, Monl-
ton, Noi11?. Owen, I'aiii-ll, lMjne, I'ornll, Penj, l'ettit,
PhchH, IMIMnny. Vollock, Hain^oy, lleid, Uelfe, Ritter,
Robert', Hunk, lin-sell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scamnion,
SchencK, Seaman, Seddon, Alexander D. buns, Leonaid H.
Truman Smith, Albeit rtimth, Thoma- Smith, Oaleh
B. Bniirh, Robert Smith, Stanton, Staikweathet, Stepliens
Stewart. Stiohm, Sttons, Thomas«ion, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tlmtinari, 'I'ibbatu,
Tredway, Tnimbo, Vinton, Wentwoith, Wick, WiJham-,
Wilmot, Wmtluop, Woodwaid, \\light, loiliig, and Yost
 Me^rs. Cranston, Cuher, DmmgooJe, Giddings,
Hale Ii-aae E. lioStucs, Hudson, Hun^erlbid.. T^evvis. McKay,
MarJh, Katiibnn, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell,
Root, Severance, and Vance—18. ^
So the bill was passed, and sent to the Senate
for concurrence.
treasury notes and loan.
The House next proceeded to consider the bill
to authorize the issue of treasury notes, a loan, and
for other purposes, which had been returned from
the Senate with sundy amendments.
Mr. McKAY stated that he had consulted with
the Committee of Ways and Means, since the bill
had been returned to the House, and that they had
agreed to recommend a concurrence by the ^ouse
in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr McKAY moved the previous question ; and,
under its operation, the amendments of the Senate
were agreed to.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
passing" the bill to increase the pay of the army.
Mr. S. moved the previous question; and, under
its operation, the House refused to reconsider.
Mi*. SCHENCK, by leave of the House, then
introduced the joint resolution which he proposed
to offer on Monday last, ami which appeared in
No. 16 of this paper.
Mr. S. moved that the resolution be committed
to a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. KENNEDY moved the previous question
on the resolution; which motion would bring the
House to a direct vote on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; but before
the nuun question was put, and while the House
were dividing1 on seconding the previous ques-
tion—
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Speaker if lie
could not withdraw the resolution.
The SPEAKER decided that he could withdraw
the resolution, as no action had been consummated
on it.
Mr. SCHENCK then withdrew the resolution,
and immediately reoflered it.
Objections being made to its reception,
Mr. SCHENCK moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, rose to a_ ques-
tion of order, and appealed from the decision of
the Chair, which decided that Mr. Sciirnck could
withdraw Jus resolution while the House was di-
viding1 on the previous question.
After many questions were asked and answered
as to the points ot order, and some little debate, the
question was put, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House* and under
the operation of the previous question was decided
as follows:
YTJAS—Messrs Abbott, Arnold, Aehnum.Biuringer, Bay-
Iv, Bell, James A. Black, Krodhoad, Bulfiiicton, Butt. Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcarl,
John O. Chapman. Cocke, Collaun r, Cornell, Cranston,
Crozier, Daniel, Gntrott Davis, Delano, Dixon, Doekery,
Droms;oole. Edsall, Elh-tt, Edwin ff. Swing, Fool, Gentry,
Guiding, Graham, Gruler, Gnniiell, Hale, Hampton, Mil-
liard, E. 13. Holme?, Ibaao E. Holmes,Edmund W.Hulard,
S. D. Ilubbard, Hudson, Ilunjrerfoid, Washington Hunt,
Joseph R. Inger^oll, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P.
Kuifj, Thoma-. Butler King, Levin, Lewi.*, Lomr, MacJny,
MeClean, McCiellami, James McDowell, McGaughey, Me-
Henrv, Marsh, Miller, Mo?eicv, I'airish, Pollock, Ramsey,
Rathhun, Rhett. Ripley, Julius Rockwell, John A- Rockwell,
Root, Kunk, Seaminon, Schcnck, Penman, Severance,
Pimp-on, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb U. Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Stiohm, Thibodaux, Benjamin Thomp-
son. Toombs., Tunnho, Vance, Vmton, Wmthrop, Wngbt,
and Young—93
NAYS—Me^is. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedmger,
Ki!£{!«, James Black, Rowdon, Douhn, IJnnkerhofl, William
G. Brown, Reuben Chapman, Chape, Chipman, Clarke,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, De Molt, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Douglas, Dunlap,Ei^worth, Eidinan, Foster, Fries,
Garvin, Goidon, Grovei, Hamlin, Haialson, Ilarmanson,
Jlasnnus, Henley, Iloge, Hopkins, Jlough, George S. Hous-
ton, Jaines B. Hunt, Jame- H. Johnson, Geoige VV. Jones-,
Kaufman, Kennedv, Lawience, Leake, Lefflei, La Seie,
Licon. Lumpkin, McCI-rrinnd, McCiai<',MeD;unel, Joseph
J. Mel)ow<*ll, Mefivaine, MeKa>, John I'. Maitin, Barkh-y
Maitin. Moiri^. Mor>o, Moulton. Norn<, VaMie, Peinll,
ren>, Phelps, Pilbbiny, Reid, itiltei, Rolnit^. Ruw-U,
sawtelle, S.uvver. ah'xmiriev I). Sine-, Tieonawi H. Sims,
Thomas Smith, Stanton, Starkweathei. St'ona, Svks"?,
Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatl?, Tiedwav, W'ei.t-
wortb, Wick, Williams, Wilmot,Woodward, and Yost—87.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question then rccurred on suspending the
rules to receive the resolution. On which motion
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN rose to a point of order, and de-
siied to know of the Speaker if Mi. Schenck
could again offer his resolution at this time, he
[Mr. Schenck) having once offered and withdrawn
it.
The SPEAKER answered that there was no
rule to prohibit Mr. Schenck from oflering the
resolution. _ ,
Mr. COBB inquired of the Chair if the rules
were suspended, and the resolution leceived, if
Mr. Schenck could again withdraw it r
The SPEAKER said he would decide that ques-
tion at the proper time.
The vote was now taken on suspending the rules.
