276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
and jf the donations are made, it will be necessary
to extinguish the Indian titles, and pay a just and
satisfactory value for the lands.
He had also some objection to the salary clause.
For the surveyor-general, clerk-hire, &c., there
was an appropriation of $8,700. In Ohio, only
$6,300 was allowed.
It wns certainly improper to make provision for
these matters in relation to a Territory, before any
territorial government exists.
He moved to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. BRKESE remarked that all the objections
which the gentleman had raised to this bill were
duly considered by the committee. As to the title
of the Indians, they were nomadic, tubes, and, so
far as the committee could asceitain, claimed no
title at all to the land. As to the reference of the
gmtleman to the giants made ro the settlers in
Florida, he believed there was the same reason for
giving lands to settlers in Oregon as in Florida.
That donation, then, afforded a fair precedent.
But there were other precedents. Similar grants
had been made to settlers on Illinois lauds, the
effect of which had been to bring- large sums of
money into the treasury. As to the danger of
giving away all the public lands in Oregon, theie
was no such danger; there was avast domain theie,
and it was the intention of the committee to be
liberal to those persons who were disposed to settle
on it and improve it. It was thought good policy
some years since, to build up a power there able and
willing to maintain our rights to it, then contested
by the most powerful nation in the world. The
bill which passed the Senate five yeais ago, called
"Linn's Bill/'indicated this policy,and this is not
much more liberal than that was. Many of die set-
tlers went to Oiegon upon the inducements held out
in that bill. They have encountered the gieatest
hardships emigrants ever endured m their snuggle,
not to demolish, but to build up, an empire, and
should be liberally rewarded. If .t was impoiiaiit
to secure that territory and to populate it, it is
just to make grants to those who have been foie-
most, in the work—who have led the way to its
future development as a powerful State. The emi-
grants expect these grants; they have memorial-
ized Congress on the subject, and look to our action
now to relieve all their appichensions. The ob-
jection to the salary of the surveyor-general was a
simple matter of opinion. The surveyor-general
munt be a competent person; his task was difficult
and laborious, and he ought to be well paid. J Jut the
chief question presented by this lull was, whether
they were disposed to be hber.il to fho.se for whose
benefit it was intended. He thought they ought
to be liberal to such men. He hoped, theiefoie,
that the bill would not be recommitted, if it should
be, the session was so far advanced that it would
not be likely to be brought before them again, and
the measure would be a total failure. Preemption
rights will not satisfy these settlers. They would
consider it no boon, if tlu.y were called on to pay
anythingforthi .<e lands to the Government. They
did not expect to do so. i\y going; there they fur-
th'ied the views of the (io\eminent, and they ;
ought to receive the giants proposed.
Mr. HKNTONi" and Mr. Pl-fKLPS rose together ■
ami called for the special order. ° j
THE MILITARY BILL. j
The Senate then resumed the consideration, as in j
committee ot the whole, of the bill from the House |
of Repiosentativcs to rai>e for a limited time an j
additional military force, and for other purposes. |
The ^amendment pending was the following :
herctofoie submitted by Mr Atchison-: \
(Strike out the first fi\e sections and insert: i
" That the President of the L'mtod States be. .mu I c ;s '
h'-rrbv, authorized to accept the >cr\ices ot ten re nu!. '• 1
of vol'inteer^, to serve flaring the continuance ot thepn^p't '
\\,v with -oonfr cWhan.'<'(',. who s-hall he '
laist d. oi_';i!!i/,ed, emmn tinned, and paid in iheiame man- '
nci, and utide; the same i egulanoini, as are prescribed in the ■
act providing r'ec the r.u-ing or firty thousand voluntcois '
appiowd the J'Jth M.u , 18-tf.V 5
Mr. BENTOX, before proceeding with the bill
would have a little episode, to read an authority
on the meaning of the word contribution, as used
m a military sense. He happened to use the word
on Monday last, when speaking of the war with
Mex>co; and used it as a commendable mode of
supporting our army in that country, The Sena-
tor from New Jersey, who sits oter the way, [Air,
iHyrti.v,] in some remarks on yesterday, animad-
verted on the use of that word, and treated it as
meaning pillage and plunder, even to the plunder
of churches, and referred the barbarous practice
to Bonaparte. He (Mr. B.) had not supposed,
when he used that word, that there would be any
necessity to define it. The remarks of the Senator
| from New Jersey [Mr. Dayton] had shown him
' his mistake, at least so far as that Senator was
| concerned; and, not willing that that Senator's
. definition of yesterday should go forth without a
■ correction, he (Mr. B.) would now take leave to
; read an authority to show that 14 contnbution,,, in
a military sense, no more than in any other sense,
did not signify pillage or plunder, but exactly the
! contrary! and was, in fact, the substitute of bar-
| barian ravages, and was the invention of civilized
! and more refined nations; and that it was well
known to the practice of great nations, and whs
sanctioned as a part of the law of nations long be-
fore the Gr°at Emperor was born. Mr. B. would
read from Vattel—from the chapter on the rights
of nations in war—and would say that Vattel died
m Switzerland before Napoleon was born in Cor-
sica:
" Sec. IfiS. Instead of the custom of pillaging the open
eountrv and deleneeless piaces, another mode h<^ been sub-
stituted, whK'h is at once more humane, and more advan-
tageous to the bolhgerant sovereigns—f mean that of coniri-
! hutions. Whoever cames on a ju.-t war, lias aright to make
; the eneim ^ eountrv contribute to the snpport of his ai m^,
i and tovvaids defraying nil the charges of the war. Thus he
i obtains a pai t of what due to him ; and the enemy's «ub-
! j'vts, hy consenting to pa\ tiie sum demanded, have their
| piopertv seeinvdfiom pillage, and the oountiy is pie-«crved.
But a geneial who wishes to enjov an unsullied reputation,
mu^t be moderate in hi* demand of contributions, and pio-
■ p:>rhon them to the abilities ot tho^e on whom they aie im-
posed. Ari c\ces- hi thi^ point i?oe^ not cseapf tin; leptoach
1 of eiri"ftv and inhumanity • although theie N not so aieat an
ap;)i aianee of IViociH in it as in ravage and de^-tiuetion, it
displays a go atei degice of avarice oi "reedrnebs. Enstanccs
of huiii.eiity and moderation cannot be too often quoted.
A ver\ commendable one ocemied dining thos-e long war-<
which Fiance e,lined on m the reign of LouU XIV. The
sovereign-. -e<. nig ii u a-> their mntuohn teres f a*> well a* duty
to piev en I lavage, made it ;t piactiee. on the commencement
of hostilities to enter into ti eaties for leguhiting the contn-
bntiori< on a supportable looting: they dctei mined the ev-
t  nt of hostile tenitory in which each might demand con-
tributions, the amount, ot them, and the manner in winch
the p.uties scut to levy them v\ ere to behave. In tht^e trea-
ties, it \\a-= expressed !hat no body of men under a ceitam
number should advance into the enenn's country beyond
flic hmit« a-jieed on, under the penalty of being tieated a1?
freebooters. Bvsueh steps they pi evented a multitude of
disoider^ arid cnormUte--, whieh entail ruin on the people,
and gcneiallv without the lea-t advantage to the belhgerarit
soveieigiw. Whence comes it thaW) noble an example is
not u'livci «al!v niiit.ited r"
I laving read this paragraph, Mr. B. said he felt
that he had made clear the meaning of the word
whnh was so obnoxious in the opinion of the
Senator from New Jersey; and also had < leared
the memory of the Great Empei or from all shadow
of blame, (if a great amelioration in the conduct of
war was to be so undeistood.) So much for Vat-
tel; but there was other authority to vindicate,
both the, word and the Great Kmperor, from the
animadversion of the Senator from New Jersey;
he spoke, of Johnson and Shakspcare. In John-
son's Dictionary, edition of 17,55, is this definition
of the word, under its third signification, and also
a poetical illustration of its meaning:
'• (.'on/n/jjifirw—That which is p.ud foi the nipport of an
arnij l.v nig in a countn
'"The people 'twixt Phjiippi and tln< ground,
Do vtand but in a forced atlection;
Foi thev h<ive grudged us onfrihutions.n ,5
So much for Johnson and Shakspeare. The
former shows that contribution, in its military
sense, signifies " payment" for the support of an
army lying in a country, &c., and Johnson is
most ci itn ally coriect in his definition. Contri-
butions aie paid—not taken ! 'I'he officer in com-
mand of the army, or the detachment, makes a
written requisition on the civil authorities of the
town, city, or district, on which the contribution
is levied. The authorities collect it from ilie in-
habitants, he it provisions, clothing, or money:
the proper staff officers leceive it, apply it, and
account for it exactly in the same manner as if it
had been received from the stoies of his own army.
The whole is a responsible transaction, from the
ofricei v/ho orders the contribution to the officers
who receive it and apply it; and the whole are
answeiable for the moderation and fairness of the
contribution—their conduct to their own go\eiu-
ment at home, and tne opinion of the civilized
world. Tins finished what I had to say on the
meaning of the word contribution, end in vindica-
tion of the memory of the Great Emperor. On
the other word—to which exception was taken—
that "duties" might be collected in the enemy's
seaports to support the army, I have but a word
to say. It is the practice of all the civilizcd nations
of the world; and is the, mildest, the easiest, and
most responsible mode of getting support from the
enemy—a mode sanctioned by the law of nations,
and most desirable to both parties. Ail nations
i practise it even in the case of the smallest port they
: get possession of; and on this principle the British
;; opened a custom-house in Castine, in Maine, during
j' their occupation of that port during the late war;
lj and questions arising under transactions in that
port, under British authority, came up to our Su-
prcme Court, and received the same consideration
as if they had arisen under an at t of Congress,
i The laws of nations sanctioned what was done,
and bound the court just as fully as our statutes
' bound them when the port was in our own posses-
sion.
| Mr. DAYTON hoped he should be indulged in
. a single remark. Ue certainly did not mean to
| indicate, in the remarks which he made yesterday,
i that there could be any objection to this country's
' availing itself of the public customs duties. That
! was public property, and when they invaded a for-
eign country, although the)'' mitrlit not seize upon
, private property, they might upon all public prop-
;; crty. Therefoie, there could lie no objection to
|i the practice referred to—none to the collection of
■ : duties on imports. He did, however, express sur-
,i prise that a system of "contribution" had been
, suggested by the Chief Magistrate of the nation,
j: for the reason that such a practice was entirely be-
i hind the age, and belonged purely to an age which
1 had gone by. The gentleman had tend from Vat-
!■ tel to show that Vattel died before Napoiean lived f
, They were all thankful for the information. [A
laugh.j He went back further. He showed that
, k< contributions" were levied as far back as the
,'1%ign of Queen Elizabeth, and found the same, sys-
tem pursued. He (Mi. D.) knew that. The
; gentleman might go still further back. If he would
look at his history, he would find the further he
i went back the more frequently and extensively
; were those contributions levied; he would find
j downright rapine—plunder. The Senator from
; Missouri said that these contributions went into
the hands of the quartermaster, and he had to ac-
count for them as they came. But suppose they
did not come. It then becomes a contribution
levied at the point of the sword. The language
is—"Give, or we take!'" When this course is
puisned by our combatants—when they refuse to
give—wc follow out the old rule, and come, back
to a system of plunder, which ought to be swej>t
from the whole civilized world.
Mr. JARNAGIN resumed his remarks. He
had said yesterday that if a strong military force
was necessary at all for the prosecution of the war,
it was necessary now. It was the duty of the
Piesident, after the passage of the act of May last,
to assure Congress what amount of money and of
men he required to bring the war to a speedy and
honorable termination. He repeated what had
been said by the Senator fiom Missouri, [Mr.
Atoitson,] that all which the President had asked
was promptly given by Congiess. And for what
purpose? To bring the war to a speedy and suc-
cessful termination. And although twenty thou-
sand of the volunteer force, authorized hy the act
of May last, had not been called into the field—and
we are told that three hundred thousand volunteers
have offered their services—we are now asked to
augment our regular army by the addition of ten
regiments. If this addition is wanted at all, it is
wanted at the present moment. It appeared to
him inexplicable that the President should have
required this inciease of the regular army, u hen so
large a volunteer force, disciplined and ready for
service, are only waiting to be accepted. Can
regulars alone bring the war to a speedy termina-
tion J
Was it expected that regulars could be raised
more speedily than volunteers? The only argu-
ment he had heard in defence of the original bill
was, that the President demanded this increase of
regulars, that we were bound to comply with his
demand, and throw on him the entire responsibil-
ity of conducting the war to a speedy issue. He
could not consent to surrender his judgment to the
Executive. Was it the judgment of the Senate
that these regular troops could be promptly raised?
He put the question directly, and would be glad of
