1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
an answer. It was not our business merely to ask
the President what he wants; it is our duty to con-
sider what is best for the interests of the country.
Ten thousand regulars arc asked for, and three
hundred thousand volunteers are ready to take the
field. Are not the volunteers efficient? No one
here will pretend to say that they are not. Expe-
rience would negative any such assertion. It is
matter of congratulation that we see so many pa-
triotic citizens, so brave and so devoted to their
country, ready to take up arms. Will gentlemen
pretend to say that the President was mistaken
when he originally proposed a volunteer force?
If so, from what new quarter had light come in
upon them? It was, perhaps, not so much a
change in the character of the troops which was
now desired, as in the officers who command. He
would not charge the Administration with a design
to prolong the war; but if it was their object'to
make no further offensive movements, but merely
to hold on to the territory already obtained until a
treaty could be made on the uti possidetis principle,
why then the regular force might be sufficient for
the purpose.
When the war commenced, there was no requi-
- sition for ten additional regiments of regulars.
We were only asked to fill up the companies to
the war complement, and to take volunteers. Now,
it seems, we cannot any longer trust our fellow-
citizens. He had before said that he was unwil-
ling to vote for any increase of the regular army.
He would now say that nothing but stern neces-
sity would make him give such a vote. Under a
conviction of its necessity, he had voted for some
additions to the regular force; and when stern ne-
cessity required him to vote more men, he would
be disposed to vote for those which would make
the best troops. When the President came here
with a new requisition, he would not shut his eyes,
and blindly give what was asked. He would;
inquire whether the standing army should be in-
creased, or whether we should call out our fellow-
citizens. He was content to rely on the latter—
perfectly content. There was less danger in in-
creasing the volunteer force, than in increasing the
regular army. It could not have escaped the ob-
servation of Senators, that the danger was not so
much in the number of men as in their character.
He did not know that any of our generals had
sent for troops to be raised by the slow process of
inlistment. He had notheard that any of them had
said that they wanted no more volunteers; that
they were satisfied with as many of that descrip-
tion of force as they now had. He believed that
no general had asked for more regular troops. If
any gentleman will say that the volunteers are in-
capable of bringing the war to a speedy conclu-
sion, let him show this to be the fact, and I will go
with him for an increase of regulars. No man will
attempt to say so.
It had been said that the volunteers were a more
expensive force. However this may be, he was
sure of one thing: they were less dangerous. The
volunteer has his domestic ties, his wife and child
at home, and he expects to return to them, after he
has fulfilled his duty to the country. There was
less danger to be apprehended from his return,
than from the disbanding of men who may have
sought the regular army as a place of refuge; men,
perhaps, against whom the finger of scorn may
have been pointed. The battle of New Orleans,
the victories in the Creek nation, were not achieved
by regular troops, but by volunteers.
As to expense, the volunteers might, for a short
time, cost the Government more than the regulars;
but when you take into consideration the expense
of the slow process of recruiting, drumming from
town to town, the delays, the tavern expenses,
sickness, and other contingencies, the regulars will
be found as expensive as the volunteers. There
would be great difficulty in raising this additional
force of regulars. He was sure that his State
could not furnish a single regiment. He would
not like to go home to his own State and tell his
fellow-citizens that we had made the grand dis-
covery that they were not to be trusted.
As to the bounty lands, he would tell gentlemen
who were so sensitive about them, that they might
have the volunteers without any such an induce-
ment. If we are to take regulars, we must give the
bounty lands to get them. We are therefore com-
pelled to ingraft' on this bill a provision giving
away millions of acres of the public lands to induce
regulars to inlist.
Mr. ALLEN asked if he had understood the
Senator to say that none of the commanding gen-
erals had asked for regular soldiers, or that no
more volunteers would be sent out ?
Mr. JARNAGIN said he undeistood that none
of our generals had called for ten additional regi-
ments of regulars. He knew, also, that death had
frittered down some of our regiments to three or
four hundred men. If the Senator from Ohio had
any information as to the additional troops requir-
ed, he would thank that Senator for it.
Mr. ALLEN hoped no such construction would
be put on his silence. He was not informed as to
what information had reached the War Depart-
ment. The Senator might obtain it by the usual
process of a call 011 the Department.
Mr. JARNAGIN said he had another reason for
the preference of it volunteer force. The regular
regiments could not, in any event, lie in the iield
so promptly as the necessities of the service re-
quired. They could not be in time to take the
place of the volunteers whose term of service would
have expired about the month of June. The
troops to be called out must be on the maich in
April. None of the regulars could be expected to
go out before June.
Mr. J. then went on to remark on the delay and
uncertainty which attended I he inlistment of troops
in the ordinary mode, and the impossibility of get-
ting any recruits m those States where there was
the strongest desire for volunteering; and concluded
with stating that he shojjl^l support the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BUTLEtl desired to say a few words, be-
fore the vote was taken, in explanation of the vote
he should give. Volunteers, it could not be de-
nied, were a valuable body of men; they had fought
gallantly, and he was not disposed to lessen their >
merit—far from it. But he must give his vote on .
this occasion under the obligation of good faith. !
The President was the commander-in-chief of the I
army of the United States, and had the right to 1
make the appointments of officers; and he ought 1
to have no reason to suppose that in the discharge
of a high and responsible duty the President would
be guilty of any partiality. Me thought it was a
misfortune that volunteers had ever "been called
out; and he thought if they were continued to be
called out, they would soon have no regulars. He
admitted volunteers were rnoie easily called out.
There was attached to that service, m the minds of
the people, more of honorable distinction. There
was something associated with the very name which
made it attractive. But he wanted an army that
may be commanded by any officers that might be
put over them. He had scarcely heard an officer
of any distinction, except perhaps the Senator
fiom Texas, who did not admit that the regular
service was better than that carried on by volun-
teers.
The war was commenced, and he admitted that
he believed the President was involved in the war
without design. He believed the President was as
much astonished as the country was to find that we
were involved in a war. He had no idea of im-
puting to the President design in the commence-
ment of the war. The President might have done
it, but he (Mr. B.) should not undertake to pro-
nounce judgment on him now. Being, then, in a
war, volunteers were called for, probably under the
supposition that the war would be of short dura-
tion, and that an overwhelming force might have
some effect on the councils of Mexico. How far ;
there was such a design he would not undertake !
to say. But he would undertake to say that vol- i
unteer troops were not as efficient—not so subject i
to discipline—as those who enter the service with >
the understanding that they are to yield uncondi- \
tional obedience. He believed men could be found ,
to go to the battle-fields without other reward than !
the approbation of the country, as the knights of i
old went to the tournaments for the glory which i
they obtained there. But he should be very sorry j
to see this Government sending youth to the battle- \
field who were prompted by feelings of undiscip- '
lined valor. The young men who volunteer do it ;
because an appeal is made to their gallantry; and ^
he was not willing to appeal to their gallantry
when better sources could be found to fill up the i
ranks of the army. In South Carolina—and he
did not say whether the war was popular there
01* not, though he thought it was not popular—an j
appeal was made to the sense of honor of the 1
young men, and he knew that many had gone '
who were unfit to become soldiers. Even men of
wealth have gone; they were the first to volunteer,
and he believed they would be sacrificed to the
most honorable feelings of an American citizen.
Gentlemen entertained apprehensions that these
ten regimen ts could not be obtained; but he had no
such fears, especially since they had made an ad-
dition of three dollars a month to the pay of the
men, and the President had given an intimation that
he would appoint officers the men might select, if
they were properly qualified. There would be a
sufficient number of patriotic young men ready to
inlist under officers who were capable of com-
manding them. It was vain to suppose that vol-
unteers could be brought into the same State of
discipline as regular soldiers. So long as the large
body of volunteers were acting under a sense of
honor, the evil would be less apparent; butheknew,
also, that officers of the volunteers had forborne
to exert their authoiity, from a fear that it-would
be hazardous. Let a regular officer find it neces-
sary to put down a mutiny among gallant young
men of education, and attempt to subject them
to an ignominious punishment, and he would not
answer for the consequences to that officer who
should make the attempt. If they were to have
an army, it should be according to the Constitution
of the United States, and the appointments should
be made by the President on his responsibility as
Chief Magistrate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished the question might
be put on the Senate bill. He believed they were
acting on the House bill. That bill proposed to
raise one regiment of dragoons and nine regiments
of infantry. He proposed to amend the first sec-
tion by striking out the words " nine regiments of
infantry," and inserting:
"One icgiment of voltigeurs, to be armed and equipped
si*- such, and one raiment of foot riflemen, to be provided
with a rock< t and mountain howitzer battery."
Mi. D1X thought the amendment of the Mili-
tary Committee authorised one or more regiments
of voltigeurs, and he called for its reading.
The amendment having been read by the Secre-
tary,
Mr. DIX continued. He understood that the
voltigeurs would render more efficient service 011
account of the peculiar nature of their arms. The
effect of the amendment would be to give three
additional regiments to the military establishment,
and he hoped it would be adopted, because it would
afford them a description of troops not now in the
sei vice.
Mr. ALLEN alluded to the amendment which
he had submitted anterior to the debate upon this
subject. That amendment had not been acted
upon, and at the proper time he should insist upon
a vote upon that amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN desired to say but one
word more. If his amendment should be adopted,
it would still be competent for any gentleman to
move to add the ten regiments of volunteers, if
they chose.
Mr. ALLEN did not consider the gentleman's
proposition as interfering with his own.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not at all. Not at all,sir.
Mr. ATCHISON said that the evil which he
had anticipated from an increase of the regular
army, was m part done away with by the amend-
ment which had been proposed by the gentleman
from Kentucky. The addition of these three regi-
ments would make their standing army about twen-
ty thousand, which would not be a very great
increase.
Mr. BERRIEN desired that the Senate should
fully understand the description of force to be raised
before voting.
Mr. BENTON thought the gentleman from
Georgia ought to know how to answer that ques-
tion better'than himself. He presumed he had
read Ceesar's Commentaries. Those voltigeurs
were used by the Roman general. The idea was,
that they were men who followed the horse, and
jumped up behind and seized the mane of the horse
while he was at a gallop. They were called volti-
geurs because they jumped—that was all. Sinewy
fellows! they simply jumped. [Laughter.]
Mr. BERRIEN was happy to afford the chair-
man of the Military Committee an opportunity to
make this display of his erudition, but the question
was just as indistinct in his own mind as before;
They were told that the voltigeur were used by the
Roman general. He apprehended the gentleman
would not find the word voltigeur in use then.
