278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
Mr. PHELPS, Mr. CRITTENDEN, Mr.
BENTON, and Mr. ARCHER, briefly explained
the provisions of the amendment and the meaning
of the term therein used.
The question was then put upon agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Chittenden; and the yeas and
nays being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Badger. Berrien, Oil-
lcv, John M. Clayton, Cnrvvin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton,
Kv.ms Greene, I-laimesran, Huntington, Janiagin, Johnson
of Louisiana, Miller, Morehead, 1'earce, Simmons, Upham,
and Woodhridge—2-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton. Bagby, Benton,
Breeze, Bught, Calhoun, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Thos*.
Chuton, Colquitt, Dix, Fairfield, Houston, Lewis, Man-
gum, Mason, Niles, Phelps, Sevier, Speight, Stuigeon,
Tuitiey, Westeott, and Yulee—--27.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,]
the yeas and nays were ordered and taken, with
the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badgei, Benign, Ciller, John
M. Clayton, Coiwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Greene,
Hannegan, Houston, Huntington, Jinnagin, Miller, More-
hciid, P.'arco, Simmons, Upham, and Woodhridge—20.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Ashley, Athertoi', Baaby.
Benton, Breese, Blight, Butler, 'Calhoun, Cameron, Ca-b,
Chalmers, Thomas Clayton, Colquitt, Di.\, Fairfield, john-
son of Louisiana, Lewis, Mangum, Mason, Nilea, Phelps,
Rusk, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Westeott, arid
Yulee—-30.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN then submitted his amendment,
which was as follows:
Add the following section at the end of the bill:
<• Snc. — Do ?t further emtrfpd, That, in addition to the
volunteer force authorized by the act of the 13th of Mav,
I £46, the PreMdent of the United States be, and lis is heieby
million/,ed t<>acceptthe f-ervicesoften thousand volunteer,
to ',five during th<  war, upon the -.ame terms and condition*
in every aspect as provided in that net."
Mr. MANGUM desired to inquire whether that ,
amendment emanated from the Senator from Ohio,
or was called for by the Executive Department.
He could not vote for it, inasmuch as no estimates
of the expense had been prepaied,no appropriation
proposed to meet the expense, and us the Presi-
dent had not asked for this force, nor the Military j
Committee examined and approved the proposi-
tion.
Mr. ALLEN replied that it emanated solely
from himself—that he was unaided and unadvised
in preparing it. He desired, however, to have a
large body of volunteers raised, to be subject to
the orders of the President. The President had
the whole control of the military force of the coun-
try, and he would not forestall that power. Define
the next session of Congress all the volunteers
which )uul already been accepted would have the
privilege, of withdrawing if they saw lit. An ad-
equate force, therefore, ought to be placed at the
disposal of the President in case of such a contin-
gency. He personally pieferred volunteers; yet
he was ready to support the measures of the Exe-
cutive on this point, because the President knew
best. He believed the adoption of this proposition
would do no harm. The President had power
under the Constitution to call out the whole force
of the country under the name of nnlitia; this,
then, would not add to the power of the President.
It would only be an exeici^e of his power m a par-
ticular form—by volunteer organization instead of
State drafts for militia. They knew not what
might occur before the next meeting of Congress, 1
and he way therefote disposed to give the President
power to call out this species of force—a power
which would only be exercised m case of neces-
sity. :
Air. JARNAGIN was disposed to vote for the ■
amendment of the Senator from Ohio. It thePresi-
dent was not disposed to call them into the service, '
no harm would be done; but he would place these
additional troops at the disposal of the President if
they should be required.
Mr. DAYTON said he should regret exceeding- 1
ly to see this amendment adopted. Was it not
enough that they had voted all the Executive asked :
for* Why, then, should they take the responsi- !
bility of voting more than were asked for? The '
Executive had not asked for these additional troops, '
the Military Committee had not recommended i
them; there were no estimates of the expense of
them, nor any provision made by appropriations
for their payment. He should, therefore, vote1
against the amendment. .
Mr. CAMERON said, since the discussion on j
this bill had commenced, several gentlemen from 1
his State, who had been here to inquire what kind
of troops would be required, had gone home, and
since their arrival there they had written to him
with the muster roll of five companies that were
ready to inlist as soon as the bill should be passed.
They were amongst the best young men of the
State, and the officers were men of standing, char-
actor, and education.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. Who appointed them?
Mr. CAMERON would tell the Senator. An
intimation had been given by the Government that
the men would be permitted to select for themselves
the officers that were to command them; and with
that intimation, the town of Carlisle, with a popu-
lation of three thousand five hundred, had raised
two companies of one hundred men each. He had
no doubt that within the next thirty days three
regiments would be offered for service from the
ij State of Pennsylvania, and in two months there
j! would be five legiments tendered. "Pie would say
11 further, that if the other States should refuse,
, Pennsylvania would furnish all the regiments re-
i; quired.
i| Mr. HUNTINGTON said he understood from
ji the Scmuor from Pennsylvania that five companies
j! were ready and willing to inlist, and to become
11 a part of the regular army; and when he spoke
!' of the manner in which they were to be officered,
he understood that Senator to speak by authority,
I. and to say that the members of the companies were
;j to choose their own officeis. Now, he wished to
, inquire whether, if these companies were to be-
come a pait of the regular army, the President had
■| stipulated that he would use no discretion in the
'1 matter, but appoint those that the companies might
j select?
I Mi, CAMERON" understood the course to be
; pursued in this case was that pursued by President
; Madison in ldl2. Companies weie raised by per-
, sons who became the officers of the companies with
■ the understanding that they would be eommission-
| ed if properly qualified. In the case to which he
■! had referred from his own State, the rolls were sent
|i to him with certificates of election, with recom-
ji mendations signed by judges and other respectable
|| citizens; and he apprehended in such cases the
ij President would appoint, unless the parties were
j shown to be unworthy.
; Mr. JARNAGIN understood that the State of
[' Pennsylvania had a pledge that the men should be
!l allowed to select their own officers. Why should
not the same pledge be given to other States? For
aught he knew, it had been given.
:! Mr. CADGER would readily vote for the amend -
■ ! ment of the gentleman from Ohio, if it could be
J shown that the force was desired by the President,
j But this was not so. The gentleman had declared
fioni his seat that he proposed theamendment sole-
, lv on his own authority. While he would vote for
' die amendment if required by the President, he
• hoped the honorable gentleman would excuse him
for saying that he could not vote for the amend-
ment if offered simply on his own authority.
Mi. DIX said that the President had authority
to call for the amount of force which was contem-
plated by the bill, and more even.
Mr. I-IANNEGAN said that he did not wish to
, prolong the discussion upon this bill, but at the
same time he would incidentally enter his protest
; against the disposition which he had seen evinced
■ on the part of some gentlemen to precipitate their
decision upon some questions, no matter what their
importance might be, without investigation and
without debate. He had been one of the sufferers
under that course of proceeding ever since he had
held a seat in that body, especially when his friends
over the way were in power. The most memora-
ble instance that had occurred to him in the eouise
of his life, (and he trusted it would be the only
instance of the kind that would occur in the his-
tory of this Government,) was the manner in which
the Oregon treaty was hurried to a vote in secret :
session." That treaty was brought to a close with-
out allowing; time for debate. ["Order! order!'1
from several Senators.] He was at liberty to
speak of this matter, for the injunction of secrecy
had been removed. The treaty was thrust upon 1
them without a moment's warning, and their de- j
cision upon it was imperiously demanded without '
allowing time, he had almost said, for reading it ■
over. They had seen something like the same sort :
of proceeding here for the last few days, and against 1
such proceeding he now entered his solemn pro- ]
test, lie would vote against the proposition of 1
j! the Senator from Ohio. He had always heretofore
ji held that volunteer forces in this country were the
jl right arm of our national defence. He had always
:• entertained apprehensions of a regular army. He
I; dreaded it in time of war, and he dreaded it in time
I; of peace. lie dreaded it especially at the conclu-
sion of a war. He dreaded the influence which
; could be brought to bear, the exertions that would
1 be used, to retain the establishment of the army,
ji for the reasons which were given by his friend,
;j the Senator from Missouri, yesterday; those rea-
|| sons were, with him, conclusive. The decision of
ii the Senate to-day, however, upon the proposition
j' of the Senator from Missouri, and its decision the
[\ other day on that of the Senator from Texas, had
'! brought him to one conclusion, at any rate, in re-
ij lation to this war.
;'i He should vote for no more volunteer forces; for
p he considered that the decision of the Senate in
!! regard to this matter (though he trusted it would
l' not stand as a precedent for the future) clearly in-
|i dicated that this war was to be conducted by reg-
; ular troops only. The Senate, by its decision in
j'rejecting the proposition for volunteers, declared
i' that that sort of force was considered to he utterly
j; inadequate to the service required to be perfoimed.
He could not regard it in any other sense. The
! standing army, if it were full, would consist of
1 seventeen regiments, and to these were now to be
; added ten more—making, in all, twenty-seven. He
- would ask any American if he had so little confi-
dence m the patriotism and courage of his fellow-
: citizens as to believe that, with seventeen regiments
i of regular soldiers, and the volunteer forces that
; were ready and anxious to enter the field, there
1 would not be sufficient to meet all Mexico in arms ?
' Pie would not say that a secret influence had been
; brought to bear upon that decision in support of
the proposition for the increase of the regular army,
but he would repeat what he had already said, that
secrct and open influence would be bi ought to bear
to retain these forces aftei the conclusion of the
i war, if there was ever to be a conclusion, and he
be^an almost to believe there never would. He
' rose simply with a view of expressing only what
I he now said. He would not vote for the proposi-
I tion of the Senator from Ohio, nor would he, after
; the decision of the Senate to-day, vote for any
: more volunteer forces. He would vote for regulars,
; however, as many as might be called for.
j Mr. COLQUITT said he could see nothing im~
1 proper in the proposition submitted by the Senator
, from Ohio, nor did he conceive any possible neces-
1 sity for a complaint against the Senate for having
! voted favorably upon the bill which had been
, brought forward by the Military Committee, and
uhioh had already passed the House of Represent-
atives. Some gentlemen had seemed to suppose
that the proposition now submitted was improper,
because the Administration had not asked for it.
That would come with a very good grace from
gentlemen who were disposed to withhold as much
1 as possible fYom the Administration, but it did not
come with a very good grace from those who com-
! plained of a want of ability in the Administration
; to carry on their military opcratious successfully
on account of the feeble nature of the suppoit
granted. The Senator from Indiana said he would
, vote for no more volunteers, because the Senate
had, in compliance with the request of the Execu-
j live, granted ten regiments of regular soldiers.
J Mr. C. could not concur in this view, for he could
see no great difference between the two forces.
They were all to be new recruits, and all to be en-
gaged during the continuance of the war. The
one description of force was as good as the other.
, If it were the wish of Congress to call them reg-
: ulars, he saw no objection.
: Mr. ARCHER suggested that an appropriation
of so large an amount of men and money as this
■ amendment proposed, ought to come from the Mil-
, itary Committee,who had had an opportunity to ad-
vise with the President. It was a subject of much
i importance, and ought not to be acted upon simply
i because an individual member had suggested it—
not that he would willingly oppose the Senator
: from Ohio. He contended for the principle in-
volved.
! Mr. BREESE said he had intended to make
some remarks on this bill, to explain the vote he
should give, hut the Senator fiom South Carolina
had expressed his views in their general tenor, and
therefore he should abstain.
But there was one or two points on which he
