1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■27'9
should make a few remarks, lest lie should be
placed in a false position by the argument of the
Senator from. Missouri, [Mr. Atchison.] He
would, in the first place, say he did not yield to
that Senator, or to any other, in his admiration of
the patriotism, heroic gallantry, and devotion to
country, exhibited by the volunteers. He thought
they were entitled to" all praise. But as they had
not been attacked here, it was not necessary that he
should defend them.
The law, as it now stands, authorized the Presi-
dent to call out such volunteers as the exigencies
of the circumstances might require, not cxcectlmg
fifty thousand. In addition to this, he has called
for these ten regiments. And the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,] who spoke a few mo-
ments ago, said by the vote of the Senate it would
be understood that the Government had abandoned 1
all reliance on the volunteers as a proper defence j|
for the country. Now, he thought that the oppo- '
site of this was the proposition affirmed. For '
defence, the country would rely on the militia and i
volunteers; but this was a war of invasion, and to :
be carried on in a foreign country. And for a war j
of invasion, it is the opinion of all military men, '
that volunteers were not the most proper force. 1
But it had been said that it would be difficult to
obtain these regiments. Now, his information ted I
him to other conclusions. He saw by a newspaper I
published in the city of New York, that there was ;
no difficulty in obtaining recruits with the money
bounty of twelve dollars now allowed; in addition |
to which, it was proposed to increase the pay of ,
the soldiers, and likewise to give them bounty !
lands; and besides all this, the regular soldier had
perquisites not allowed to the volunteer—their
clothing being furnished them at the expense of
the Government.
There would then be no difficulty in raising the
troops; but if there should, the President had still
the authority left to call for volunteers. He sup-
posed the regular troops could not be inlisted to
carry on the campaign during the present season;
but by the time they were required, they would be
in readiness, if the war is to be prosecuted. But ij
he had heaid no Senator define the difFeience be-
tween the regular soldier and the volunteer. In jj
cither case, the inlistment was voluntary, and in 'j
both cases, for the war. There was very little ;i
difference, then, but in name—both are voluntary ]
engagements. !;
It had been suggested by the Senator from Ten- .j
nessee, [Mr. Jarnagin,] that officering these regi- ||
ments of regulars would be an increase of the ,|
patronage of the President, which he would use jj
for party purposes. But let them look at the or-
ganization of the last rifle regiment, of whose offi-
cers one-third, if not one-half, were opposed to
the President. He thought it wa3 the duty of the
President to know no party in officering a regi-
ment. He thought it was necessary that the head j
of the army in the field should have the same views
of policy as the President; but beyond that, party
should not be known.
Yielding, then, as he had already said, to no one
in respect for the volunteers, but believing the ex-
igencies of the country required these troops as j
regulars, Mr. B. could not do less than vote as he j
did—against the amendment offered by the Senator j
from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison.] He, however, .
Jitul no objection to that of the Senator from Ohio, I
jMr. Allen,] as that does not interfere with rais- [i
ing the ten regiments of regulars. !,
Mr. MANGUM appealed to the Senate that this , j
debate should be brought to a speedy close. An
ardent desire for speedy action had been manifested '!
by the official organ of the President. He believed
that every mind was made up on the question; and !l
he hoped the vote would be immediately taken, j!
He would, therefore, call for the yeas and nays on ;
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
The yeas and nays being ordered, were then j
taken, and resulted—yeas 12, nays 36, as follows: i
YEAS—Me=sr&. Allen, Athcrlon, Creese, Bright, John M. 1
Clayton, Colquitt, Fairfield, Houston, Januigm, Rusk, Tui- 1
ney, and Westcott—12. '
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Badger, Bag- .
by, Benton, Retrien, Butlei,Calhoun, Cameron,Ca-s, Ciial- ]
iners, Oilley, Thomas Ola\ton, Onttenden, Davis, Dayton, j
Dix, Greene, Hannegan, Huntington, Johnson ot Louisiana, j
Lewis, Mangum, Mason, Morehead, Niles, Pearco, Phelps, |
Sevier, Simmon'', Speight, Sturgeon, Upham, Woodbvidge, j
and Yulee—36. j
Mr. CRITTENDEN was sorry to prolong the j
debate; but felt bound to make one further effort I
to raise the proper description of force. He would 1
again propose an amendment, to strike out the ten
regiments provided for in the first section of the
bill, and insert " four regiments, to wit: one regi-
' ment of infantry, one of dragoons, one of volti-
' geurs, to be armed and equipped as such, and one
t of foot riflemen, to be provided with a rocket and
4 mountain howitzer battery." He wasexceedin^ly
reluctant to suffer any further augmentation of the
regular army, and offered this amendment with the
hope of reducing the number. But if this amend-
ment should prevail, he should offer another amend-
ment, to authorize the President, at his discretion,
to call out seven or eight regiments of volunteers.
On that amendment he called for the yeas and nays.
They were ordered.
Mr. JARNAGIN felt constrained to make an-
other explanation. He would vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky on condition
that he would add to it the ten regiments of volun-
teers.
The yeas and nays on the amendment of Mr.
Crittenden were then called, and were as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiclior, Ateh.son, Badger, Berrien, Cil-
ler, John M. Cla\ ton, Ooivun. (Vittenden, Davis, Da.\ton,
Greene, Uaruiegan. Huntington, Janwiiin, Miller. More-
head, Pearcp, Simmons, Uphrun, and Woodbndjze—20.
NAYti—Mei'sis. Allen, Ashley, Atheuon, Kaghy, Benton,
Breeze, Bught, Butler, Calhoun, Campion. Cn-*3 Chalmei>,
Thomas* Clayton, Colquitt, T)i\, Fan field, Houston, John-
son of liou'^nma, Lcwh, Manguin, Mason, Niles, Phelps,
Rusk, Speight, Sturgeon, Tumev, We.^tcott, and Yulee—
30.
Mr. BADGER then moved to amend tlie bill
by striking; out the proviso conferiing authority
upon the President to appoint officers to the regi-
ments during the recess of Congress.
Mr. HANNJiGAN said he should oppose the
amendment, because it would take away the power
of the President to make the appointments during
the recess. He could not suppose that one-fouith
of this foice could be raised in the five weeks that
Congress had to continue.
Mr. ALLEN said, suppose the President could
appoint these officers, he could not appoint any
from Aikansas, for the mail could scarcely go
there and return m time, and consequently that
State would be excluded from the appointments.
Mr. BADGER thought that strictly these com-
panies had no right to elect their officers; but they
had now heard that the President had had muster
rolls before him with the names of officers, which
he had intimated his intention to appoint, and
therefore it would be very easy to send in to the
Senate those nominations. He was not disposed
to surrender the power of this body over nomina-
tions. But the effect of this proviso, with the ex-
planations they had had, would be to give to the
companies the absolute light to appoint their offi-
cers, while it appeared that it was vested in the
President with the approval of the Senate. It was
idle and absurd to provide that the nominations
should be sent in at the next session, for before
that time the officers and men might be many hun-
dred miles away. This was not a bill authorizing
the President to raise from one tn ten regiments 111
the recess in case of an emergency, where it would
inolve an absurdity to require nominations during
the session. But when this hill shall have been
passed, these regiments are actually called into the
service.
Mr. HUNTINGTON briefly advocated the mo-
tion.
Mr. CASS opposed it. There were very few
weeks of the session remaining, and 111 that time the
President would not be able to receivc from differ-
ent parts of the country the necessary information
respecting the qualifications of the men that were
candidates for the appointments.
Mr. SEVIER said he should vote for the mo-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina. His
reading of the Constitution was that the President
had no right to fill an original office, which had
to come before the Senate for confhmation m the
recess. He could fill vacancies, but not make ori-
ginal appointments. True, the President had power
to appoint inferior officers, if given to him by
Congress, but they were such appointments as
would not require the approbation of the Senate.
It was the imperative duty then of the President to
make his nominations. It was a matter which it
was not for the Senate now to consider.
The question was then put and decided in the
affirmative, by yeas and nays, as follows;
YEMessrs. Archer, Badgei, Benun, Butler, Cal-
houn, Chalmers,Cilley,Thorns Cla\ ton, John M. Clayton,
Cot-win, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Dix, Greene, Houston,
Huntington, Jainaein, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Mil-
ler, Morehead, Nile®, Pearce. Phelps, Sevier, Simmons,
Upham, Wooclbiidjre, and Yulee—30.
NAYS—Mopsis. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bng-
bv, Benton, Bree.-c, Bujrht, Camcion, Cass, Fairfield, Han-
negan, Lewis, Mason, Rusk, Speight, Turney, and West-
cott—18.
Mr, J. M. CLAYTON moved a further amend-
ment to the bill by adding to the first section of the
bill the following proviso;
"Provided, also, That no member of either House
of Congress shall be appointed to any office under
this act."
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to add to that pro-
viso, after the words " no member of Congress,"
the words " his brother and son."
Mr. CAMERON said he had 4trio brother or
son" to be appointed to the office referred to; but
he thought it disreputable to themselves Xo pass
that provision. He hoped the amendment to the
amendment would not be adopted.
After a remark or two from Messrs. JOHNSON"
of Louisiana, CASS, and MANGUM, the ques-
tion was put on agreeing to the amendment of Mr.
Hann'egan, and, upon a division, it was not agreed
to—ayes 18, noes 21.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Clayton, it was decided m the nega-
tive, by yeas and nays, as follows:
I YEAS— Messrs. Aieher. Bad«ei, Berrien, Cilley, John M.
Clayton, Coiwm, l)avi<, Dajton, Gieene, Jittnngin. Man-
! sum, Miller, Pearue, Phelps, Simmons, Upham, and Wood-
! bruise—17.
NAYS—Mossiaa. Allen, Ashlev, Atchison, Atheiton, Bag-
by, IJeiHon, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron,
Cass, Chalmers., Dix, Fail field, Hannegan, Houston, John-
son of Louisiana, Mason, Nile-, Ru.>k, Sevier, Speight,
Stuigeon, Tumey, and Yulee—26.
Mr. HANNEGAN then submitted the following
amendment:
" Src. 9. Jiritl heit furfheY enacted, That the President be,
and be is hereby authorized, by and with the advice awl
consent of the Senate, to appoint Ovo additional smgeons,
and twelve additional assistant -^uigeons m the regular army
of the United Stat<  , -ubjeel to the piovi.-ioru. o{ an act en-
titled 'An act to mejea-e and resulalf the pay of the e-urtreony
and rv^iMant mu aeons of the annjappioved June 20,18HI;
and that the oflu-er- v. law appointment*, me authorized by
tin-? section, ;«hall meive (lie p.'\and allowances of others
of tin? <-uine grade*, i e-peetivelv ; and that the a<-«imilated
rank of the olh<vrs of the medical department of the auny
shall be arranged upon the same basis winch at present de-
termines the amount of their pu> and emoluments* Pio-
vuled, That the medical officer- shall not, in vntue of such
lank, be entitled to command m the line or other stall* de-
partments of the army."
Mr. H. said, under the actof 1842 there was a re-
duction of the medical staff of two surgeons and ten
assistant surgeons. By the act of the last session
the ranks of the army had been filled, and the num-
ber of soldiers doubled, but 110 addition of a single
surgeon or assistant surgeon had been made, and
as a consequence General Taylor had been under
the necessity of employing seventeen surgeons at
an expense of $130 a month, which would exceed
the pav of those surgeons proposed by this amend-
ment, besides supplying the place of men, some
of whom were unfit for the duty undertaken.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the question being
upon concurring in the amendments adopted in
committee of the whole—
Mr. ARCTiEll demanded a separate vote upon
concurring in the amendment relative to bounty
lands.
Mr. BADGER demanded a separate vote upon
concurring in the amendment relative to chap-
lains.
Mr. BENTON reminded the Senate of the delay
which had occurred 111 the passage of this bill, and
appealed to the Senate to pass it without further
opposition.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in all the amendments, except those relating to
bounty lands and chaplains, and decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. BADGER, then moved to strike out that
partof the amendmentrelativc to chaplains, which
provides that each volunteer regiment shall clect
its own chaplain; which was not agieed to.
The amendment was then concurred m.
The question then being upon concurring m the
amendment relative to granting bounty lands to the
non-coniiuissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
i Vaj\lr. RUSK moved to strike out all after th?
! word "that," and insert:
