280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
il To ouch non-camnnssioned officer, musician, and pri-
vate of the regulars, volunteers, and militia, who has en-
gaged or shall engage to serve for twelve months, or during
the war with Mexico, and who shall actually serve for the
term of one year, if the w.ir shall last so long, unless killed
or dying in thb service, or who shall be discharged honor-
ably before the expiration of his tenn of service, in conse-
quence of wounds or sickness incurred m the course of such
service, there shall be issued by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury a scrip for the sum of one hundred dollars, hearing in-
terest at six per cent, per annum, red°emabfe in ten years,
and to all who shall have  crved lor six mouth*, died, 01
beau (iijdianjed in coiHcrfuence of wounds received, or
sickness incurred, in the course of such service, there shall
be issued by the Secretary of the Treasury a scrip for the
sum ofhfty dollars, bearing interest at six pei cent, per an-
num, redeemable m ten years.J1
Mr, BEATON" here intimated that he had re-
liable authority for saying that companies were
already organized for the purpose of proceeding to
Mexico, and purchasing the land scrip of the sol-
diers. fn order to arrange the section referring to
those bounty lands, so as to defeat the objects of
these speculators, he would move that the Senate
now adjourn, with the view of taking up the sub-
ject to-morrow.
Mr. B.'s motion prevailing,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 28, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday having been read, it
was so amended, on motion of Mr. McILVALiNE,
as to conform to the fact that he had yesterday given
his vote to sustain the decision of the Chair, and
not ngainst it, as- erroneously stated.
And, having been thus amended, the Journal was
approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be tiie resolution offeied by Mr. Hopkins,
on Tuesday, providing that all debate on the N<\\ al
AppropHation Bill should terminate at one o'clock
to-morrow, [in the language of the resolution.]
On which resolution the previous question had i
been demanded.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the general consent .
of the House, to introduce a resolution. ;
Objection was made.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the resolution of
Mr. Hopkins, (to terminate the debate on the naval
appropriation biii) be laid on the table.
And the question bem^ taken, the House de-
cided that the resolution should not be laid on the
table.
The question then recurred and was taken on the
demand for the previous question.
And there was a second.
And, after .some conversation on a point of or-
der, the main question was ordered; and, beiii*
taken, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BARRINGER asked leave to offer a reso-
lution.
Objection was made.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLIES asked Mr. McKay ,
to waive his motion for the moment, to enable him !
(Mr. H.) to report a bill. |
Mr. McKAY declining to withdiaw—
The question on his motion was taken, and,
having been decided in the affirmative, i
The House resolved itself into Committee of the :
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ficklix, 1
of Illinois, m the chair,) and resumed theconsideia-
tion of the bill making appropriations for the naval
service. ,
Mr. BAYLY said he had two amendments .
which he was instructed by the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, when in order, to offer; and, for fear he !
might not have an opportunity of explaining them 1
at the time he offered them, he would ask "the at-
tention of the committee whilst he explained them
now. He would confine himself purely to the
business m hand, for lie had no spcech to make.
In relation to the first of the amendments, he
wished to state, that it had regaid to the manner
in which the navy was supplied with butter and
cheese. These ai tides were formerly held to be
included among those which wore to be furnished
by contract by the lowest bidder. It was neces-
sary that both these substances should be put up
in a peculiar manner, or they would not keep. If
impioperly put up, when they armed in a warm
climate, after a protracted voyage, the cheese was
found to be full of insects, and the butter rancid
and unfit for use. Experience had proved, that,
when these contracts were thrown into the open
market, and given to the lowest bidder, the articles
were put up in so improper and imperfect a man-
ner, that one half of them were condemned as unfit
for use, which caused the article, in effect, to cost
the Government double price; and the loss sus-
tained by the Government in this way was reported
as amounting to $9,000 in a single year.
Since then, it had been found that butter and
cheese put up in the Irish mode, as was practised
in the British and the Dutch navies, would last
much longer; in consequence of which, a contract
had been made recently in New York, find certain
dairy farmers had undertaken to put up the articles
m this way, and the experiment lnd been attended
with such entire success, that, instead of a loss of
fifty per cent., the Government had not lost even
one per cent, on the whole amount. By this mode,
not only had a great saving of the public money
been effected, but better articles furnished, and the
comfort of our sailors greatly promoted Mr. B.
therefore behoved that the amendment he purposed
to oiler was entitled to be received with favor. The
change had been strongly recommended by the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Naval Committee
weie unanimous in reporting the amendment.
Besides this, there was another amendment Mr.
B. intended to offer, in regard to the wa2.es now
paid to the firemen and coal-heavers on board our
ships of war. The wages of these persons was
fixed by law, and the price they received was
higher than that paid in the merchant scrvice, and
higher than it ought, to be. ft was out of propor-
tion to the wa^cs paid to the s.ulors in the same
vessels. A communication received from Commo-
dore Perry staled, that when these firemen and
coal-heaveis became sick, and the sailors look their
places temporarily, they trot but twelve dollars a
month for peiforming precisely the same duty as
that for which the others received eighteen dollars.
The amendment he had to propose provided that
the compensation of these firemen should be made
a matter of regulation, as that of the seamen and
non-commissioned officers was, in order that when
seamen performed the same duty, they should get
the same compensation. This would prevent what
the tors were wont to call " shamming Abraham55
and "playing possum.5' He hoped there would
be no difficulty in adopting both the amendments.
Mr. KWING, of Tennessee, rose (he said) to
make some suggestions in relation to the Mexican
war—to that most remarkable, he had almost said
most foolish war; for he believed, that m it, we
had ainved at a point where we could neither ad-
vance without danger, nor recede without dis-
honor.
Mr. E. then went into a general speech on the
causes of the war, and on the results, so far as they
had yet been developed.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina y next obtained the
floor, and addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman*: The country, under all the con-
stitutional forms of our Government, is engaged
in a foreign war. Looking to peace as the result,
there are but two alternatives left to the country:
either we must shrink from the prosecution of this
war, retire from our conquests, call off our Uoops
and our victorious arms; or, we must prosecute it
with vigor; and, in the language of the President—
apposite and appropriate, though derided—we
must "• conquer a peace." I say, these are the
only alternatives; for 1 discard the suggestion that
fell a day or two since from my friend from Phila-
delphia, [Mr. J. R. lutittiisoLLj] looking to the
interference of a European Power to act as a friend
and arbitrator in this matter, to bring about a
peaceable result.
There are two reasons why we should discard
any such interference:
The first is, that all that could be reasonably
expected from it has been voluntarily offered by
our own Government. We have proposed to ne-
gotiate with Mexico: she has scorned our proposi-
tion. We theiefore may not hope for any prac-
tical result from the mode indicated by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
But there is a still higher and a more powerful
reason why we should discard any such interfer-
ence. It has been a cardinal maxim of this Gov-
ernment, since the Administration of Mr. Monroe,
who in an official document proclaimed it, down
to this time, that upon this continent, at least,
European Powers must 41 hands off-," that they
must not interfere in American politics, so as to
adjust, or control, or in any measure meddle with,
our rights in the, settlement of American ques-
tions. I would, therefore, be slow to admit thai
interference, much less to court it.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL interposed and saitJj
that as the gentleman from South Carolina had
favored him with a notice of some brief and pass-
ing remarks which he had made a day or two ago,
he desired that these remarks should be perfectly
understood. He had then said, and now repeated—
what was not calculated to interfere with the posi-
tion of the member from South Carolina—-as
! general rule, direct negotiation was best. Where
| one nation can, in its proper and responsible au-
i thoiity, have access to another, equally, properly,
I and responsibly represented, mediation, however
friendly and powerful, were better dispensed with.
! The condition of Mexico was peculiar. Her capa-
city to negotiate was crippled by internal dissen-
sion. She did not enjoy the ordinary national
1 facilities of meeting foreign representatives by rep-
resentatives of her own. One section of her parties
, was watched with jealousy by all the rest. Each
: faction feared to commit its popularity by meeting
or making overtures of negotiation. All could
i unite simultaneously in accepting the mediation
: of a friendly Power. Without withdrawing our
tioops from the field or our ships from the guIfT
which he should giavely deprecate, Mr. I. thought
we might, without a particle of compromise of
dignity, and with the truest policy, agree to such
mediation, as not being unbecoming on the part of
this! country, and seems to be the only rtiode of
entering upon an effort of negotiation on the part
of the enemy.
Mr. SIMS (resuming.) The explanation of
the gentleman, though it seems to vary, does not
substantially change the pioposition. It still
would invite European interference in an Ameri-
can question. And though it be true, as the gen-
tleman suggests, that the condition of Mexico is
such that no rulers, no authorities, dare to risk their
popularity by breastino an unpopular measure?
that no rulers in Mexico are filled with sufficient
patriotism to sacrifice themselves for the good of
their own country, yet that circumstance is not
sufficient to drive this country and this Govern-
ment from a long-established maxim and a well-
settled policy. If it is the fact in relation to Mex-
ico, that the condition both of her people and her
governors is such as to make it almost impiacti-
cahle for them, at this particular moment, to pro-
pose a peace, yet it is not sufficient for us to vary
from a long-established policy of our country.
There aicr then, but the two alternatives which
I have suggested: either our forces must be re-
called , or this war must be prosecuted with vigor*
Who is there, in the whole extent of this country
who can recommend that the arms of the United
States should be withdrawn from Mexico ? Would
not such a proposition, if carried out in practice,
involve this Government both in disaster and dis-
honor ? What would be the result of such a pro-
cedure on the Mexican himself? Vaingloiious
and boastful, he would look upon it as an acknowl-
edgmsnt on the pait of the United States, that they
had plunged themselves into a war which they
were unable to prosecute: that though they had
achieved a victory at Palto Alto, at Resaca de la
Palma, and Monterey, still they had found them-
selves at last checkmated, either by the climate of
the country or by the chivalry of the Mexican
arms, and, in consequence, had found themselves
breasted with insurmountable difficulties; that they
had been compelled by their own accord to retire,
and leave dp easy victory io the Mexicans.
This would be our disaster; followed up by a
continued boundary war—a war between the Mex-
icans and the Texans for years, perhaps for cen-
turies. It would inspirit these people to keep up
a border war, a sanguinary contest between the
two nations; and all these evil consequences must
necessarily result from snch a procedure.
It would be worse: it would involve this Gov-
ernment in great dishonor. Sir, every cent of
treasure that has been expended, every drop of
blood that has been shed in this war, have not been
profitlessly expended and shed if we will but be
true to ourselves. It was beautifully said in the
other end of the Capitol, a day or two since [by
Mr. Cass,] that Europe had forgotten who we
were. In the long period of peace, European na-
tions have looked upon us as traders and agricul-
