1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
turists. They have forgotten that a military spirit
slumbered beneath this peaceful spirit.in our coun-
try; and, until whathas been seen in this Mexican
war, of the victories which have been achieved,
the ease with which we have raised armies, it was
forgotten that a military spirit did exist. The
honor we have achieved, the reputation we have
gained abroad in this war, are ample considerations
for every cent expended, for every drop of blood
shed in its prosecution. But if we should with-
draw from the war, and thus acknowledge our-
selves incapable of prosecuting it, how can we
escape the deep damnation of civilized nations
throughout the earth ? How can we escape the
- universal scorn and contempt which follow the
man who commenced to bmld and was not able to
finish?—having commenced a war, and being un-
able to prosecute it?
feir, I think the tiue position of this country is
to throw itself on the other alternative, and say to
Mexico, as James Fitz James said to Rhodenc
Dhu:
"Come one,come all; this rock slmlifly
From its firm base as soon as I."
Plant your flas; at every advanced post you con-
quer; hold it; push on your victories until you
have overrun the country, and by a vigorous pros-
ecution of the war, have conquered the peace which
we desire. We are able to achieve this conquest.
So far, the war has been prosecuted, if not with
the most signal, at least with a reasonable suc-
cess.
The gentleman who last addressed the chair,
[Mr. Ewino, of Tenn.] asked, 111 the opening of his
speech, if this war could not have been avoided—.
for I come now to examine some of the objections
that are urged against either the commencement of
the war, or would seem to be, in some sort, urged
against its prosecution,—the gentleman asked if
this war could not have been avoided? He an-
swered his own interrogatory by saying it might;
that by reasonable forbearance on our part, it
could honorably have been avoided. In order
to come to tins result, however, it was necessaiy
for the gentleman to decapitate Grotius, and throw
aspersions on the authority of Vattel and other
law-writers. It woulfl seem, therefore, that, from
the very course of his argument, he admitted that,
according to the authorities upon international law,
this war could not be honorably avoided; and it
was necessary to dispose of the standard law-
writers on this subject before he could make good
the proposition for which he contended. Under
the cncumstanccs of the case, and according to all
the principles of international law, this war could
not have been honorably avoided. At the last
session of Congress I debated the proposition as
to the right and duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States to move our foices forward from Cor-
pus Christi to the Rio Grande. I do not, therefore,
choose at this time to go entirely over the argu-
ment. There are one or two propositions, how-
ever, which I will state.
If tills was really the territory of Texas, which
is embraced between the .Nueces and tile Rip
Grande, or if it was disputed territory, in either
event the President was bound, when negotiation
had been refused on the part of Mexico, to defend
the asserted limits of Texas, and not to allow the
rights of Texas to suller m his hands. He had
no right to establish a boundary in a disputed ter-
ritory; nor had he a right, by any act of his, to
compromit the rights of Texas.
I will state one fact for the benefit of members
from New England, in reference to the rights of
Texas m the country between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande, and wiii show, according to leceived
public opinion, enlightened public opinion through-
out the country, that until the last Congress assem-
bled h ere, no question was ever entertained, as to !
the rights of Texas up to the Rio Grande, from
its mouth to its source. In the common school
atlases, by Goodrich and others, from New Eng-
land for the purpose of teaching the children and
youth of the country geography and the true lim-
its and divisions of nations, you find that every
one lays down the country fiom the mouth to the
source of the Rio Grande as a part of Texas—-
exactly in conformity with the history of the times,
and in conformity with the declaration of the Presi-
dentof the United States in his late annual mes-
sage to Congress.
Assuming, then, that it was the duty of the
President of the United States to move the army
from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande, and that
our army was rightfully there, (for the facts are
as detailed in the President's message,) war was
brought on by the act of Mexico. She invaded
our territory, killed our people, murdered Cross,
attacked our army, attempted to cut off our sup-
plies; and in this way, war was commenced by
Mexico. How, then, when we had thus been
maltreated, was it possible for us to avoid, honor-
ably, this war? Long causes of complaint had
existed previously—causes sufficient to induce this
Government to undertake a war with Mexico.
We had forborne to do so; but when this flagrant
act of outrage was perpetrated by Mexican arms,
under Mexican authority, how was it possible for
this Government honorably to avoid the recogni-
tion and prosecution of the war ?
But it is said that the President of the United
States has waged this war for conquest; and that
in the conduct of it he has been gmlty of usurpa-
tion in establishing civil governments in such ter-
ritory as has been conqueicd.
I cannot concur in the regrets and in the shame
which the gentleman from Tennessee, recently
before the committee, [Mr. Ewing,] expressed in
reference to the President's message. So far from
it, I think it a document drawn in strict conformity
with the truth of the nines, and 111 most admirable
keeping with the principles of international law.
He sets forth three propositions connected with
this Mexican war. He does not assert that this
war was undertaken for the injuries which he suites
this country and its citizens have received from
Mexico. He states, first, the injuries we have
received from Mexico; second, the causes of this
war; and, third, he enumerates the modes in which
this war has been conducted. These three propo-
sitions he makes good, by a reference to facts and
the history of the times, and by a review of the
recent events of the war. I know of no fact stated
in the narrative part of the President's message,
connected with this Mexican war, that has been
gainsaid, or that can lie gainsaid or denied, upon
this floor or elsewhere. Most of these statements
consist of actual documentaiy lecord—facts which
may not and cannot be denied.
But, to show that the President of the United j
States has acted correctly in reference to the occu-
pation of the country which he has conquered, I
will call the attention of the committee to an au-
thority which is at least respectable—an opinion
of Judge Marshall, in the celebrated case of Talbot '
vs. Seeman, 1 Cranch, 1. It was in reference to a
question of prize, in what was called the French
war, in 1798:
"Congress may authoiUe general hostilities, and in such
case the general Jaws of war will apply; or partial hostili-
ties. when the laws of win, so fur As they are applicable, will
be in foiee."
According, then, to this authority, which is an 1
exposition of the Constitution of the United States
upon that point, the moment Congress has lecog-
nised or declared a wai, the general laws of war,
as known to the laws of nations, apply, and are to
be enforced.
What, then, are the laws of nations m this par-
ticular? Why, it is known that, according to the
laws of war, when a conquering Power enters the
territory of its enemy and subdues a province, it
holds military occupation of the couniry until a
treaty of peace, or until the lapse of so long a
time that the country is considered abandoned by
the original holder. Now, there is this difference:
Moveables which are conquered in a war aie taken
possession of*, the moment they are brought into a
place of safety, they may be adjudicated as prize,
and disposed of, and the title passed; but immove-
ables—lands—must wait the results of the war or
of time, and during: the war are to be continued m
the possession and occupancy of the conquering1
Power. Such is the authority of Vattel:
" The property of moveable effects is vested in the enemy
from the moment they come into his powei; and if he sells
them to neutral nations, the totmei propnetor i^ not entitled
to claim them. But such things must be actually and tiuly !
in the enemy's power, and carried to a place ot safety."— j!
Vattel b. III^ p. 385. . |j
"immoveable possessions—land:-,towns, provinces, &c.— 11
become the property of the enemy who makes himself mas- I
ter of them; but it is only by the treaty of peace, or me ij
entire submission and extinction of the State 10 winch those > |
towns and provinces belonged, that the acquisition i5* com- jj
pleted, and the property becomes stable and perfect."—Vat- 11
tel, b. Ill, $ 197, f. 386. j j
" Thus, a thjrd party cannot safely purchase a conquered j,
town or province til! the sovereign from whom it \va< taken | j
lias renounced it by a treaty of peace, or has been iric- tl
trievably subdued, and has lost his sovereignty."— Vatic!
b. Illj § 198, p. 386. '
The practice of the British G-overnment, in their
East India conquest, as well as the practice of the
continental Powers of Europe, has always been to
hold military occupation of the country, and, as
connected with it, to establish provisional civil gov-
ernment, which is only a branch or part of military
authority. So it was ruled in the celebrated case
of Elphinstone vs. Bedrechund, 1 Knapp, 316.
I think, therefore, that it is manifest, that so far
as the President in his message asserts that pro-
visional governments have been established in thte
conquered countries, we may well be satisfied, from
the authorities to which 1 have referred; and I
may well assert, that all that is laid down in tiat
message, in reference to the establishment of civil
governments, as subordinate to, and part of, the
military occupation, is sustained by the law and
practice of nations.
But it is asked, For what is this war prosecuted?
The President has asserted that it is not a war of
conquest; that it is not undertaken for such a pur-
pose; and yet it is asked for what purpose is the
war prosecuted? The President, in his message,
has told you on what terms we will make peace:
Pay us our dues; indemnify us for the expenses of
this war that has been imposed upon us; acknowl-
edge our rights, and we are prepared to make pcace
with Mexico. Now, this is not either a novel or
a hard proposition, which the President makes.
Vattel lays down this doctrine:
" A State taking up arms in a just cause has a double
j right against her enemv. First, a right to obtain possession
of her piopoty withheld by the enemy; to which mUv-f be
added the expenses incurred in the pursuit of that object,
the chnrgcs of the war, and (he leparation of damages; for
were she obliged to bear those expenses and losses, she
would not fully recover her property, or obtain her due.
Second, she lias a right to weaken her enemy, in order to
render him incapable of supposing Ins unjust violence—a
nght to deprive him of the means ol resistance."— Vatt.el,
b. IIL § IGOj p. «'J64.
"The right to sceurity often authorizes us to pimi*h m-
lustiee or violence. U is an additional pica for depiivms*
an enemy of home part of Ins possessions."—Vattel. 6. III.
$ 162.
" In tine, we'-eize on the enemy's property, his. towns his
provinces, in oider to bring him to reasonable conditions,
and compel him to accept of an eqmt.ible and *ohd pcace.
T'm?., much more taken from luin than he owe.-—moitj
than ts claimed of him: but this i-- done with a design of
restoring the sin phis by a treaty of peace."— Vattel. b. IIL
§163,p. 365.
The hour of one having arrived—
Mr. SAWYER rose to a point of order, and
called upon theCh<tir to execute the order of the
House, by terminating; the debate.
Mr. SIMS insisted on his right to the floor, on
the ground that the resolution did not terminate
the debate till one o'clock to-morrow.
The resolution was here read; and, after some
con versation,
The CHAIRMAN premising that, although the
resolution was introduced yesterday, it was not
adopted until to-day, decided that, like a law, it
took effect from the time of its passage, and thus
did not operate until to-morrow; and cited a pre-
cedent, which was read by the Clerk, sustaining
this position.
Mr. SAWYER took an appeal from the de-
cision.
Considerable conversation, and vaiious points of
order ensued.
The question being put upon the appeal, the vote
stood, ayes 75, noes 25—no quorum present.
The committee rose and reported that fact to the
House.
Mr. SEABORN .TONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution to close debate
had been passed; on which motion he moved the
previous question,
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, rose to a ques-
tion of order, and inquired of the Chair whether
any motion could be received and acted on while
the House was without a quorum ?
The SPEAKER overruled the objection, inas-
much as a quorum was evidently present.
Mr. ASHMUN insisted that, by the report of
the Committee oftheWhole, it appeared, officially*
that no quorum was present: he therefore moved
a call of the House; but the question was decided
in the negative, by yeas and nays, as follows:
Yeas 43, nays 138.
So the House refused to order a call.
The SPEAKER then stated the question before
the House to be on reconsidering the vote passing
the resolution to close the debate.
