1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
The question was taken by tellers, and resulted;
Ayes 58, noes 68.
Mr. DANIEL demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, called for tellers;
and the yeas and nays were ordered, thirty-two
demanding them.
The yeas and nays were then called, and result-
ed as follows: Yeas 58, nays 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McOLERNAND moved to suspend all fur-
ther proceedings in the call.
[Cries of " Oh, no, no."]
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS said, as the House
seemed to be in a very good humor, he would ven-
ture to ask leave to report a little bill from the
Committee on Private Land Claims. [Laugh.]
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the yeas and
nays on his motion to suspend.
Tellers were loudly demanded, and ordered.
There being 36 in the affirmative, the yeas and
nays were ordered.
The yeas and nays were called, and resulted as
follows: Yeas 31, nays 88.
So the House refused to suspend the call.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, moved that the
House adjourn. Negatived: Yeas 51, nays 62.
Mr. LEAKE asked to be excused from further
attendance, on the ground of feeble health. His
request was pronounced to be out of order.
The call being resumed—
Mr. COCKE moved to exeusc Mr. E'.vimg, of
Tennessee.
Mr. ROOT demanded theypasand nays, which
were ordered; and being taken, resulted as follows:
Yeas 64, nays 62.
Mr. HOPKINS (occupying the chair) stated to
the House that he was informed that one of the
responses just given came from the gallery.
Mr. HUDSON asked if his vote had been re-
corded.
The Clerk stated to the Chair that it had not.
Mr. E. B. HOLMES moved that the House
adjourn. II
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES demanded the yeas [|
and nays; which were ordered, and resulted as i;
follows: Yeas 44, nays 74. I
[It was now past eight o'clock.]
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to excuse
his colleague, Mr. Hubbard.
Mr. ROOT demanded the yeas and nays. Tel-
lers were demanded—ayes 36. So the yeas and
nays were ordered. They were taken, and result-
ed as follows: Yeas 61, nays GO.
Mr. GILES moved that the House take a recess
till ten o 'clock to-morrow, and on that he demanded
the yeas and nays."
Mr. DROMGrOOLE doubted if the motion was
in order.
Before that question was decided—
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said they had now
been engaged in this business for seven hours, and,
in consideration of the gallantly of the Whigs, and
with a view to prevent a further effusion of blood,
and the massacre of women and children, he pro-
posed that they be allowed to capitulate, and retire
with their side-arms, leaving behind them all the
munitions of war; and, with a view to that result,
he moved that the House do now adjourn.
The yeas and nays were loudly demanded by
many voices, and ordered. _ i
Mr. THOMPSON said he would withdraw his \
motion to adjourn. j
Mr. ELIASB. HOLMES immediately renewed i
it; and the yeas and nays were demanded still more
strenuously than before.
The House ordered them, and they were called,
and resulted: Yeas 59, nays 74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. GILES, for a recess.—■
Mr. DANIEL said he understood the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Sims] was quite ready
and willing to go on with his speech, which had
this morning been cut off' by the expiration of the
time allowed for the debate, and moved that the
House go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The CHAIR ruled this motion out of order, the
question being on the motion of Mr. Giles for a
recess.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether if the
House should take a recess and meet at ten o 'clock
to-morrow, that would be considered as a continu-
ance of this day's session ?
Mr. HOPKINS (in the chair) replied in the af-
firmative.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then asked if this would
not be a perfect absurdity?
Mn CHAPMAN, of Alabama, asked of the
Chair whether this was to-day or to-morrow ? If
the House could make to-morrow part of to-day,
could it not make as well to-day into to-morrow ?
Mr. STANTON raised the question whether a
motion for a recess could be received pending a mo-
tion to reconsider the resolution to close debate ?
The CHAIR ruled that it could.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked whether, if the House
should now take a recess, it must not meet to-mor-
row with closed doors, and go on with the call?
The CHAIR individually\hought it would; but
it had been decided that the recess would operate !
as an adjournment. 1
| Mr. DROMGOOLE adhered to his doubts. I
j The yeas and nays were demanded on the recess, :
! and ordered; and, being taken, stood: Yeas 48, 1
' nays 82. ' '
j Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to suspend all fur-
; tlier proceedings on the call.
1 Mr. ASHMUN moved to adjourn, but withdrew
1 his motion.
! And the question recurring on the motion to ,
i suspend, the vote was: Ayes 85, noes 18—no quo- ■
; rum votiuo.
i Mr. GRAHAM moved to adjourn.
| Mr. SMITH, ofllhnois, demanded the yeas and
i nays; which were ordered.
I The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as 1
| follows: Yeas 64, nays 67. !
So the House refused to adjourn. |
The question recurring on the motion made (pre- j
viously to the call of the House) by Mr. Ashmbw, !
to be excused from voting on the appeal of Mr. !
Toombs from the decision of the Chair, that no
motion for a call of the House would be received ^
while a quorum was present pending a motion for :
reconsideration, j
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted j
as follows'Yeas 18, nays 65—no quorum voting.
Mr. TOOMBS moved a call of the House. !
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL moved to ad- ,|
journ.
Mr. CRANSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
And they were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted as follows: Yeas 04, nays 64.
The CHAIR voted in the affirmative; and the
House, at half past ten o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 29, 1847. j
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, i;
Mr. MOREHEAD presented the petition of L.
G. Curtiss, of Cincinnati, praying the passage of •
an act incorporating a company for extending the
electro-magnetic telegraph across the Atlantic j
Ocean; which was referred to the Committee on !
the Post Office and Post Roads. Ij
Mr. DIX presented a petition of citizens of New j
York, praying the adoption of measures for the
speedy termination of the war with Mexico; which
was laid upon the table.
Mr. YCJLEE presented the petition of George
Petty, praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of Jo-
seph C. Morgan, legal representative of Joseph J.
Miller, deceased, praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to the
select committee on that subject. #
Also, additional documents relating to the claim
; of Samuel Grice; which, with his memorial on the
■ files of the Senate, were referred to the Committee
• of Claims.
j Also, a petition of Jesse E. Dow and other citi-
! zens of Washington, praying the passage of the
I bill from the House to amend and continue in force
| the charter of the city, as it passed the House of
! Representatives; which was referred to the Com-
! mittec for the District of Columbia,
j REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
I Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
i Printing, to which had been referred sundry me-
! monals of the yearly meetings of Friends at Balti-
more and Philadelphia, and of Illinois, praying the
adoption of measures for the speedy termination of
the war with Mexico, reported that the said memo-
' rials be not printed.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred the bill from the House
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribes, for the year ending 30th June, 1848, re-
ported the same back with an amendment.
Mr. L. asked the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. JARNAGrlN desired that the bill might He
over until to-morrow, stating that he had no desire
to procrastinate, but simply to examine the appro-
priations.
Mr. HU1NTINGTON thought it better to pass
the bill at once. There was but a single amend-
ment to the bill as it came from the House. It
! was merely to carry treaties into effect. If other
{ appropriations were necessary, they cojald be made
j hereafter.
I Mr. SPEIGHT saw no necessity for postponing
the action on this bill. The Committee on Finance
had some reason to believe that a whole batch of
appropriation bills would be speedily poured in
upon them, and little more than five weeks of the
. session remained. Another great measure would
| be brought forward as soon as the army bill was
disposed of, which would doubtless occupy the
j Senate two weeks. The only chance, therefore, of
! passing the, appropriation bills was during the
j morning hour. We may expect the naval appro-
' printion bill to-morrow.
I Mr. JARNAGIN said he only asked the delay
! of a single day, which could not be of material in-
!jury.
Mr. EVANS hoped no more time would be con-
: sumed in discussing this question. More time had
already been spent than would have sufficed to
pass the bill. He hoped it might be permitted to
lie over.
Mr. BAG BY hoped it would lie over for one day.
He thought it would be found necessary to make
some amendments. He, himself, wished to offer
one.
Mr. LEWIS withdrew his motion, and the bill
was then passed over.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which had been referred the bill to
create the office of Assistant Secietaiy of State, and
for other purposes, leported the same back without
amendment.
| private i3ills.
;i Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
|! Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
! of Alfred White, which was read, and passed to
! the second reading.
; Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
' Lands, to which had been referred the bill from
! the House for the relief of the widow and heirs of
' John B. Chaudonia, reported the same without
| amendment.
j Mr. B., from the same committee, to which had
1 been referred the joint resolution from the House,
! for the relief of the children of Stephen Johnson,
1 deceased, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Jacob L. Vance;
which was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. B., from the same committee, to which had
been referred the bill ftom the House for the relief
of Josiah Haskell, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to which had been referred
the bill from the House for the benefit of James
Williams, reported the same without amendment.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the Commit-
tee on Territories was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of D. V. Quenaudon,
relative to the formation of a colony in Oregon.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT IN OREGON.
On motion by Mr WESTCOTT, the bill from
the House for the establishment of a Territorial
Government, in Oregon, was recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with a view to correct
some errors in the amendments.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Hanitegan some days since, came up for consid-
eration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate any in-
formation he may possess in i elation to the recent
misunderstanding between the American authori-
