1847.
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
gress. If he understood the Senator from Mis-
souri, lie was willing to grant the land, not in
consequence of military services, but to distribute
it among those who were willing to occupy it. To
this he did not object under pioper circumstances,
though he said he could not conceive any higher
consideration which could be paid for hind than
the lives, and blood, and services, of the defenders
of their country. The principle of these rewards
had been sanctioned in two wars, and, for himself,
he was prepared to distribute them freely to those
who were bearing the standard of their country
aloft in the fields of Mexico. As to the patriot-
ism, and courage, and suffering, and disease, and
death, by which these rewards are purchased, it
needs not that they should be spread before the
Senate. Every American feels and appreciates
their value. .No more lofty patiiotism was dis-
played in the better days of the ancient republics
than has marked the progress of the present war.
The whole country spontaneously rushed to arms;
and the conscription to which the Government
resorted was not the conscription which fills the
immense standing armies of Europe. It was a
conscription to keep out, and not bring in; to re-
ject, but not to choose; to deteimine who should
remain at home, and not who should be allowed
the privilege of dying for their country. Such a
sce$c has rarely been displayed in the world, and
he was willing to mark his sense of 11 by the most
liberal rewards. And well has performance fol-
proper to provide to guard the soldier before he is
put in possession of his property. But, after that,
Congress should abandon its guardianship over
him, and leave him as a free man to do as he
pleases.
With respect to the union of this bounty land
amendment with the military bill, he had opposed
it from the commencement. The ground which
the Senator from Missouri took when this proposi-
tion of union was first made, was the correct one,
and the result has proved it. That Senator had
then said that this effort to unite the two subjects
would procrastinate the military bill, and lead to
delay in the adoption of a vital measure. It has
done so, though not to the extent now charged
upon it by the Senator from Missouri. The eigh-
teen days spent upon this bill cannot all be fairly
charged to this conjunction. All who have spoken,
and himself among the rest, must take their part
in the censure for the delay. The subject had been
diffusively discussed—more so, probably, than it
required. He presumed the opinion of every Sen-
ator had been made up some time since, and it is
to be regretted that a vote could not have been
taken days ago, and still more to be regretted that
appearances indicate stiil further procrastination.
It was but justice to remark, however, that a
proposition to include both of these subjects in
the same law was neither improper in itself, nor
unptecedented in our legislation. When a law is
passed for raising an additional force, itseems quite
lowed these promises of devotion. The battles M natural that the inducements to enter the public
that have been fought have added lustre to the
American name, and they will take their place in
our future history upon the same page with the
hardest-fought battle-fields where we have come
into contact with a foreign enemy.
As to the security necessary to be provided in
the law to preserve the grantees of this land from
fraud and imposition, he had already said all he
deemed necessary. He would not renew the sub-
ject, but would merely remark that he was willing
to adopt the principle heretofore established in the
laws on this subject—that of inserting reasonable
provisions to secure the rights of the soldier until
his certificate or patent should issue. After that,
he would abandon all legal guardianship over the
matter. The amendment of the Military Commit-
tee proposes to withhold the land for seven years
from the disposition of the soldier after the issuing
of the patent. He would consent to no such clause
of limitation. What sort of value would the pro-
perty be to avast portion of grantees, if they could
not sell it for seven years? Such a legislative su-
pervision would be to assume that our fellow-citi-
zens now in arras in Mexico are unfit to manage
their own property, or that the improvident so far
exceed the provident in number, that the rights of
the latter must be sacrificed to the former. He
would agree to no act which would have the ap-
pearance of stultifying his countrymen. When
the property becomes the property of the soldier,
it should be free to him to do with it as he pleases.
This is the very cardinal principle of our mstitu- j
tions. What right has Congress to tie up this !
land for seven years, after the right of the soldier !
is perfect ? Why assume seven years as the period i
of this limitation? The legislature may as well j
assume seventy or seven hundred, and thus estab- j
Jish an entire new species of property in the coun- !
try, depending in one of its most essential attri- I
butes, that of the power of disposition, not upon j
the State laws, to which it properly belongs by j
the theory of our Governments but on the laws of
the United States. Why not carry out this prin-
ciple of guardianship ? If the soldier serves for
five years, he will have earned six hundred dollars
in monthly pay. Why not lay your hand also on
this, and say he is incapable of expending it for
Ins own advantage, and therefore we will impose I
such checks upon its receipt as will keep hinrj
not onlv from the abuse, but in fact from the use I
ol it?
Mr. C. did not doubt there would be fraud in
the purchase of this land. No man could regret
it more than he did. But k is a state of things
incident to human nature, and from one extreme
Congress should not run into another: because
frauds may be committed upon some, therefore
none shall enjoy their propeity. But at the end
of the seven years, if guarded till then, what is to
prevent the same system of fraud? The limitation
stops there, and speculators can then go to work.
No; it is better to provide all the securities it is
service should be all contained m the law—bounty,
pay, land, pensions, &c. And in fact this was the
course pursued in 1813, when the army was in-
creased to meet the exigencies of the war. The
same law which provided for this increase provided
also that bounty-land should be granted to the
soldiers. That law, however, wisely avoided the
details of this. It merely provided that one hun-
dred and sixty acres should be granted to each
soldier, and made void any conveyance before the
land was loeated, leaving to subsequent legislation
all the other arrangements necessary to give eiloct
to the grant. And this course he had pioposed at
the commencement of this debate, and he thought
if it had been adopted wc should have been spared
much unnecessary discussion and delay. But the
Senate, by a decisive vote, had recorded its deter-
mination to unite these two bills. The battle had
been fought and lost. He considered it the part
of true wisdom, when such a decision is made, to
submit. It is rts adjadicatu. If there is a time for
all things, a time to contend, there is also a time
to give up. He should, therefore, vote against any
further attempt to separate these bills. He be-
lieved, if attempted, it would be ineffectual, and
would lead to sull further procrastination. For
himself, he thought the expressed will of the Sen-
ate should be obeyed. Both subjects had been
fully, not to say unnecessarily, discussed. Noth-
ing, therefore, would be gained by any further
attempt to separate them. The Senate is as well
prepared for a decision now as it ever can be: and
to continue a discussion upon this subject ot sepa-
ration would be to occupy its time with a question
of but little importance, while the necessities of
the country for prompt action are everywhere
known and felt, and the public voice is cading for
the most decisive measures. The Administration
has done and is doing its duty. Now let Congress
do theirs; and the sooner it is done, the better it will
be done. Hcapproved of the amendment proposed
. by the Senator from Texas. He was prepared to
!■ vote a gratuity in money to each soldier and vol-
i unteer. But he would suggest to that honorable
Senator whether it would not be more advisable
to make his amendment in the alternative; to allow
the soldier or volunteer to receive his money or
land at Ins option. This, he believed, would be
better and more satisfactory. It the soldier pre-
ferred the money, he could take it, and then ail
their apprehensions respecting fraud and imposi-
tion would be at an end.
I jyh-. SIMMONS said he had prepared such an
! addition to Mr. Rusk's amendment.
j Mr. CASS observed he would then yield the
i fi°Mr. RUSK said he had withdrawn his amend-
1 merit with a view of offering it as a substitute for
I the separate bill from the House m relation to
1 bounty lands, when that should come up for con-
[ sideration, but as it was evident that a majority of
1 the Senate were determined that the subject should
be connected with the present bill, he would now
renew it.
The amendment was then read, and is as fol-
lows:
" That to each non-commissioned oflicor, musician, and
private, of ihe i cgulars, volunteers, and militia, who has en-
gaged or shall engage to serve for twelve months or during
the win with Moxieo, nnd who shall actually setve Tor the
teim of one year, unless killed or dying in the service, or
who shall be discharged honorably before the expiration of
his teim of service, in consequence of wounds received, or
sickness incurred in the course of such service, theie shall
be issued by the Secretary of the Treasury a scrip for the
sum of one hundted dollar^ beanng interest at six percent,
per annum, payable semi-annually, and redeemable in ten
years, and to all who shall have served for six months, died,
or been dischaiged in consequence of wounds received, or
sickness incurred, in the course of such service, there snail
be issued by the Secretary of the Treasury a f-crip for tho
sum of fifty dollars, bearing interest at six per cent, per an-
num, payable semi-annually, and redeemable in ten yeprs."
Mr. SIMMONS said that he had prepared an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, providing that the soldiers who are entitled
to one hundred and sixty acres of land, should
have the option of taking a warrant for the land,
or a treasury scrip for one hundred dollars, and
those who weie entitled to eighty acres, should
have the option of taking a warrant for the land,
or a treasury scrip for fifty dollars—said scrip to
bear six per cent, interest and payable in ten years.
He desired to know whether the Senator from
Texas would accept this as a substitute for his own
amendment.
Mr. RUSK said he should prefer his own amend-
ment with a little alteration, viz: the addition of the
words " if the war should last so long."
Mr. HUNTINGTON said there was very great
objection to the amendment of the Senator from
Texas. It would create a loan or stock redeem-
able in ten years. It would authorize the Secre-
tary to issue scrip for ten years at sift per cent, in-
terest. It might be reasonable to give the soldier
a bounty, but why should they give the notes of
the Government? Having authorized twenty-eight
millions of due bills or promissory notes redeem-
able in twenty yeais with six percent, interest, he
was not willing to issue another stock at six per
cent, to the soldier. He preferred the amendment
of his friend from Ohio, [Mr. Corwikt,] even as
between money and land scrip. But as to this he
was entirely opposed to it.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the Senator from Texas
would allow the vote to be taken on his amend-
ment without the provision for interest. "Without
that provision it would soon be absorbed, but with
it, it would create a great public debt.
Mr. BREESEsaid that he considered thearnend-
ment of the Senator from Texas, without the mod-
ification suggested, the most objectionable. The
scrip for land issued without interest would depre-
ciate fifty per cent, in six months. It would be-
come a circulation. He thought it was better for
the Government to give land than to give money
derived from these iands, inasmuch as the lands
cost the Government but about twenty-three cents
the acre.
Mr. DENTON said he looked upon the propo-
sition of the Senator from Texas, objectionable in
itself, as creating a public debt for ten yeais and
delivering up the whole of the public land to rav-
age. But manifold as were his objections to the
proposition of the Senator from Texas, he con-
sidered it would be, at least, a deliverance from a
worse evil.
Mr. ARCHER expressed himself in favor of
the proposition of the Senator from Texas, pro-
vided it were so modified as to cxciude the interest
on the scrip.
Mr. BADGER said, inasmuch as this subject
had been fully discussed in committee of the whole,
and as the amendment of the Senator from Oliio
had been there adopted, he thought the true course
for every Senator who was in favor of giving this
bounty land 'to the soldiers, was to vote against
every amendment now proposed or to be oflfered,
and give to it the sanction of the Senate, as it had.
received the sanction of the committee. He was
still more strongly inclined to that opinion, because
his fnend fiom Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] vvho was
known to he opposed to the whole project, hail
seemed to favor some of the projects which had
recently been offered; and when he saw that Sena-
tor supporting a plan to give bounty lands to sol-
diers, when he was known to be opposed to the
! whole system, he recurred to the old warning—
" Timeo Danaos et dona ftrenies"—for he probably
