288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29.
intended by this act of generalship to get out of the
matter altogether.
Mr. HANNEG-AN meant to vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,]
if it were modified by striking out the proviso,
which only gave those now in the field eighty acres,
while those hereafter to be called out were to have
one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. BUTLER was glad that they had at last
got an amendment to pay the soldiers in money,
and not in land. He would give the soldier a note
for one hundred dollars, bearing interest. The
speculators could not rob him of that; while, with
all their restrictions, they could not prohibit the
land fiom falling into the hands of those specula-
tors. He would give money, then, and would
move to amend the amendment so as to give the
soldier at his discharge the sum of fifty dollars.
Mi. BREESE would piefer that the lands should
be given, as it cost the Government only twenty-
three cents an acre. As to the scrip proposed to
be given by the amendment of the Senator from
Texas, unless it was made receivable for the pub-
lic hinds, it will be worth comparatively nothing.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN would prefer the proposition of
the Senator from Texas, if it would assume the
alternative form, and leave itdiscretionary with the
soldier whether he took, a hundred and sixty acres
of land, or the stock created by the amendment.
In that form it would accomplish many important
objeus. The law would adjust itself to the cu-
cumstances of the men who would receive its bene-
fits. The volunteers of Pennsylvania, where there
was no public land, who did not desire to go to
the West, would naturally take the money bounty;
\\ hue those who reside m the western States, where
there aie rich lands in their immediate vicinity, it
their circumstances were such as to make it desi-
rable to occupy the land, would take land, and be-
come fieeholdeis. Thus it would adjust itself to
the, condition of the troops as they found themselves
tu the end of the war. By presenting this alterna-
tive the great and unanswerable objections to al-
lowing this land to go without restrictions would
be entirely done away with. He feared it would
be impossible to impose suilicient restrictions, but
the best would be to give the soldier the alternative
to take either land or money.
There were many, both regulars and volunteers,
who had gone into the Mexican war, and who
would stiil go fiom States where they would de-
sire to leside when they ictuined from thewai.
But if they desired to go to the new States, they
might nut have the ability to settle their ailairs and
go for a number of years, and all tins time their
capital would lie unprofitable in their pockets; and
thoefore they should be paid in an equivalent
which they could make a\ ailable. It had been said
by Ins fuend from Illinois [Mr. Breese,] that this
kind of stock could depieciate. So all stocks could
(iepieciate which had 110 other secunty than the
uidorsementof the Government. The smallness of
the stock, it had been said, would be a means of
ilepteei.Uing the stock; but lie held a eontruiy opin-
ion, foi it would enable small money dealeis—men
who have but s mall amounts to invest—to pur-
chase this stock. On second thoughts, then, he
thought the smallness of the denomination would
keep up the stock.
Under all the aspects, then, in which this subject
presented itself, after all the discussions they had
had, alter the struggle of many minds which they
had witnessed, he thought the best way to do this
business was to dispose of it while the arguments
were all fresh in their recollections. He had de-
sired to keep the two subjects distinct, and, by ad-
vocating that course, he was in no danger of being
^apposed to be opposed to the bounty system, for
he had given evidence of his inclinations on that
.subject; but now they had arrived at such a stage
that he was strongly disposed to favor the propo-
rtion of ins friend lroni Texas, especially if that
Senator would gi\e it the alternative form as he
had sua^ested.
Mr."EVANS said he had taken no part in any
of these discussions on this bill, nor had he voted
on many of the amendments, nor now did he pro-
pose to do more than say a few words. The mat-
tei of difference between the Senatois on different
sides of that Chamber seemed to be this; while
theie seemed to be a pretty general intention to
give a bounty to the soldier at the end of his term
of service, the question was whether they would
give it in land or money. The Senator who had
just taken his seat, for one, would leave it optional
with the soldier to take either. Butdidthe Senator
propose that he should have a double quantity of
land? TheamendmentoftheSenatorfromOhio [Mr.
Corwin] proposed to give one hundred and sixty
acres of land; while the other amendment proposed
an alternative of one hundred dollars in money,
which was but about one half. If they gave him
money, he could buy land, if necessary. He saw
no necessity, either, for the scrip to be made re-
ceivable in payment for public land, any more than
any other scrip. It was to be a six per cent, stock
of the United States. They proposed to give one
hundred dollars in money to the soldier of twelve
months'service, and fifty dollars to soldiers of a
less term; but, as they had not cash in hand for
that purpose, they made a loan; and, instead of j
giving money which they had not, they gave a i
certificate of stock, bearing six per cent, interest, !
payable half-yearly, exactly as all public stocks j
were. It was a public stock, then, and nothing!
else. j
Mr. BREESE made some explanation; but it i
was inaudible in the gallery. j
Mr. EVANS. What would a soldier think of |
a promissory note for ten years ? Why, forty dol- i
lars would he its full value. But stock at six per |
cent, interest, and payable half-yearly—unless the j
war were of longer duration than he expected, and i
the public debt increased beyond all anticipation— j
would advance to ovei one hundred dollars to the !
soldier, and, as the interest would be paid semi- j
annuallyi it would lead him to habits of prudence i
and forethought and economy. Such would be its j
general tendency. He felt much inclined to press |
a vote on that form of amendment, so that we could I
say to the soldier, when he came out of the war, (
that he should have not only all his pay, but a j
gratuity, and in such a shape as would induce him j
to preserve it, and to husband it, and, if he died, j
leave a small semi-annual sum to his family. He
believed the soldier would rather have it in that
shape, than in land to double the amount; for, if
he required u, he could go to market and raise the
principal. But, if he took land, there would be so
much thrown into the market by soldiers who did
not desire to occupy it, that the price would decline.
Looking, then, at the tendencies of the two modes,
it seemed to be both cheaper and better to give the
soldier a gratuity.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he desired to state the
grounds upon which he voted. He should vote
against the amendment of the Senator from Texas,
and then against concurring in that of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] with the hope that if
both were rejected, the Senate would fall back on
some better proposition than either. He did not,
as he had often before declared, regard the public
lands of such vital importance, as a source of rev-
enue. He would not look to them as a source of
revenue. He regarded the continued retention of
them by the United States, as a nuisance. It kept
up a standing army of officeholders. He hoped
the time would soon come when the settled policy
of the Government would be to give them to actual
settlers. He was, and had been from the first, as
his votes had shown, in favor of one hundred and
sixty acres to every volunteer and regular, and
under the conditions and restrictions proposed the
| other day by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brx-
| ton ] He was in favor of those retrictions: 1st,
i to protect the soldier from speculation; 2d, to effect
| the actual settlement of the bounty land by the
i soldier, when the war was over. This last motive
! had not been avowed on this floor; but he did not
' hesitate to say it was a strong inducement with
him, and he desired it to be a condition—a part of
the consideration of the grant of the land. As to
the complaint that it operated unequally upon the
volunteers and soldiers of the Atlantic States, who
did not desire to settle in the new States, and those
fiom the new States, it might as well he argued
that the price fixed by law for the lands now
($1 25 per acre) was unequal in the same way.
The Atlantic citizen had to go to the West or
South to examine the lands—had to incur expen-
ses to get to them, which the purchaser near them
, did not. The clas.* of citizens who generally
j volunteer or inhst as privates, are those who, if
possessed of these lands, will be most likely to
settle on them. They are gencially young men
who desire employment, and will be given it in
the clearing up and settlement of these lands thus
given them, and will become independent freehold-
ers by the process, and more useful to society than
if they return in search of employment to their
old homes. There is plenty of room in the West
and Southwest for such citizens. As to the extra-
ordinary fuss about the public lands, and extin-
guishing the revenue from it, always made when
any measure changing the present huckstering
system is proposed, this measure cannot affect any
revenue till the war is over; and then, if all the
lands settled were by the soldiers, and if nobody
else bought any, it would only exhaust five years
| of the land revenue, for it is about §2,000,000 a
! year. But can it be supposed this law would stop
' everybody else from purchasing? By no means.
I [t will, on the contrary, increase purchases by
, others. It will enhance the value and inciease the
| price of our public lands. Does not their scttle-
| ment, or the prospect of their settlement, always
have such effect? Hence, also, was he in favor of
! the restriction from sale, by the soldier, for some
years after the war, and for securing the land to
i his children and widow, because it would prevent
any decrease of sales by the United States to
others. Purchasers could not look to the soldiers,
but must look to the United States. Mr. W.
said, he had looked at the House land-bounty bill,
as sent up to the Senate, and now on the table,
and he hoped all the amendments now proposed
would be rejected;and itadopted, with restrictions
against alienation. He had only been induced to
make this explanation, lest his vote should be mis-
understood. He said the imputation against those
in favor of giving bounty lands to the regulars and
volunteers, of seeking to clog or delay this bill to
increase the army, so far as it might be supposed
to apply to himself, was unjust. He deemed it
proper that the bounty land should be given by
this bill, to show the soldier what he was to have,
and to induce him to enter the service. He had
on every occasion voted against postponing or de-
' ferring the bill, and those opposed to the bounty
! lands had themselves occasioned as much of the
[ delay as the other side.
j The question was then taken upon agreeing to
! the amendment of the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
| Rusk,] and decided in the negative, as follows:
I YEAS—Mesfis. Allen, Archer, Atehipon. Atherton, Baer-
by, Iienton. Butler, Cuss. Chalmers, Dix, Evans, Fairfield,
j Hannegan, Houston, Lewis, Mason, Nile.--, Ru*k, Sevier,
I Sprijrht, Turuyy, and Yulce—22.
; NAYS—Mes^rc. A«hley, Badger, Borripn, Calhoun, Cani-
] eion, CilJey, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clajton, Corwm,
; Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Huntinjrton, Jarnagm, Mansuin,
: Miller. Morehead, Voaiec. Phelps, Simmons, Upharn, Web-
j stei, Wehteott, and Woodbiidge—24.
! The question then recurring upon concurring in
; the amendment made in Committee of the Whole,
; ]Vlr. BUTLER offered an amendment precisely
similar to that which had just been negatived, with
1 the exception that the amount of treasury scrip to
be given in the two cases should be reduced from
one hundred to fifty dollars, and from fifty to
twenty-five dollars.
Mr. BAGBY said that he would state a few
reasons for the vote he was about to give. He
had voted against-this proposition for two reasons.
First, he did not believe that the patriotism of the
people of the country required any stimulant to
induce them to engage in this war. In every
State more troops had offered their services by
thousands than could he received. The difficulty
consisted in repelling the tide of patriotism, and
not m putting it in motion. Mr. B. was opposed
to it for another reason. He was in favor of a
well-arranged and digested system of bounties to
those who fought the battles of the country; but
he was not in favor of a system which opened a
boundless field of speculation, fraud, and plunder,
^"hen the bounty-land bill from the House came
up, he would give it his support, provided the
rights of the soldiers were guarded against the
rapacity of speculators.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the amendment of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] and decided in the negative,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. ArcliPr, Atherton, Baghv, Benton, Butler
Dix, Fairfield, Mason, Niles, Rusk. Sevier, Speight,Taruey
and Yniee—14.
NAYS Messrs. Alton, Achlev, Atchison, Badger. Bern'en,
B'-ecse, Bright, Calhoun, Carncion. Cass, Cliahiteis, Ciiley,
Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwm, Cmtenden,
Davis, Dayton, Evan«, Greene, Hannecaii, Iloufton, Ilun-
I tington, Jamagin, Mangum, MiHer, "Morehead, Pearee,
