1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
in the other branch of Congress, and in the Demo-
cratic press in various parts of the country.
At length there came an official recommendation,
in the shape of a message from the President, that
the old hero should be superseded by placing over
his head somebody taken from the walks of civil
life, perhaps a member of one of the Houses of
the National Legislature, to take from him the
command and to disgrace him as a general. There
was obviously a desire to get rid of him in some
way. But the manner with which that proposi-
tion had been met by the Whigs, and the honest
indignation and disgust of some gentlemen on the
other side of the House, very speedily put that
matter to rest. Great labor, however, had been
employed to induce some gentlemen to back out
from their position; the screws had been vigorous-
ly applied, and it had at length been openly an-
nounced to us by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Wick,] whose vocation it was to lecture that
House when it went astray, that " we must have
a Democratic general at the head of our army."
This was speaking out. It was by means like
these that the President and the Administration
party here were preparing the public mind for the
sacrifice of Taylor, ay, and of ScoK too; and the
move here to-day was, as he had said, part and
parcel of the general scheme. Gentlemen on the
other side were not billing to vote a pure, unmuz-
zled, honorable vote of thanks, such as would
reflect equal credit on a brave soldier and a grate- j
ful country; but they attempted, by putting the 1
previous question on the House, to compel those
with whom the measure originated to add to the
expression of the national gratiiudc a supplement
which, instead of heightening the gratification of
the old hero, was calculated and intended to con-
vey a sting to his honest heart, and turn public
thanks into public insult. Mr. A. did not doubt
that when he had read the resolution he would
stamp it beneath his feet; he would never soil his
h.mds by the receipt of such an equivocal expres-
sion of the approbation of the Government. He
ought not to keep it a moment in his possession.
He knew too well what was due to his own honor.
The sole object, in thus transforming the original
resolution, was to prevent the Whigs, with whom j
it originated, from voting for their own resolution.
Mr. A. had voted against this amendment to the
resolution of thanks, just as he had voted against
the preamble to the war bill, tie had pronounced
that preamble to be untrue in fact, and he now be-
lieved that a large majority of the nation were of
that opinion, and so would continue. The war
had been undertaken for other ends than the vin-
dication of our wrongs at the hands of Mexico;
it had had its origin in party aspirations and party j
plans, and had been undertaken with a view to
conquest. And now the false statement that it was
to redress our wrongs inflicted by Mexico, had
again been thrust upon them in the shape of an
addition to these resolutions of thanks. It had no
foundation in fact.
What was it that had now produced the call
proposed by the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Jacob Thompson] for a portion of General Tay-
lor's correspondence with the War Department?
That gentleman was always fair and frank in his
course here, and he did not doubt the gentleman
would admit that the speech made by him in that j
House some days since did reflect very severely i
upon General Taylor. And now, following out the :
same hostile course, he introduced here a resolu- i
tion intended to fortify his former position, and
strengthen the ground taken by himself and. his
friends against the old general. If they thought it
necessary that Taylor should be sacrificed, and
the nation made to believe that he had done noth-
ing which reflected honor upon the country, the
course they were now taking was in conformity
with such an opinion. But on this they might
rely, that if that was the judgment the Adminis-
tration and its friends had made up, the American
people would most emphatically reverse it. They
had intelligence enough to perceive that it was
sought to ruin the man who had indeed "filled
the measure of his country's" military "glory,"
because he was not the supple tool of power. He
must be destroyed, disgraced, superseded, because
he was a Whig. It had been confessed before the
sun. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wick]
had announced, in open Congress, that " we must
have Democratic generals to carry on this war."
As the resolution had originally been worded, it
left the President at liberty to send the House just
such portions of Taylor's correspondence as he
pleased. It had since been qualified; but even in its
qualified shape, it still left him the freedom of send-
ing just so much as might be availed of to sacrifice
Taylor. His word for it, the House would never
see all that Taylor wrote to the Secretary, and all
that the Secretary wrote to Taylor, till a month
after the campaign was ended. It was not till then
that the General would haveany possibility of vindi-
cating himseif. For, contemporaneously with this
call for his letters, came the resurrection of an obso-
lete order, (that did not even appear at all in the last
edition of the Rules and Articles of War,) pro-
hibiting any officer in the army to publish any
communication of his during the existence of the
war. This order had been originally passed in
1825, but it had fallen into oblivion and been drop-
ped: insomuch that it had no place in the rules of
war as published in 1841. But it was now galva-
nized into a new existence, to serve a party pur-
pose. Mr. A. here read the rule as follows:
"650. "Private lefteic oi repents relative to militaiy inarches
and operations aie frequently mischievous m design, and
always di&giaeefnl to the army. They an; therefore suictly
forbidden; and any officer foun.l giuity of making tueh re-
port for publication, without special peunission, oi of placing
the writing beyond Ins control, so that it finds its way to the
press within one, month after the termination of tiie cam-
paign to which it relates, shall be dismissed fiom the ser-
vice."
What had brought up this order from the tomb*
where it had quietly slept for so many years •
The appearance of a private letter of General Tay-
lor, never intended for publication, and for the
publication of which he was in no way responsi-
ble. Mr. A. admitted that its publication was an
act of great indiscretion; it was an act, however
well intended, that did great injustice to General
Taylor. It was a letter addressed to a superior
officer, in which he confided to him the feelings of
his bosom without reserve. It should not have
been given to the world. Yet Mr. A. could not
but think that the House would hesitate before i
censuring General Taylor for the act of another,
done without his knowledge or permission. It
was evident to all men that the order published this ,
morning in theorem (and he believed in the Intel-
ligencer, too) was intended dnectly to censiue
Taylor for the publication of that letter. Was this
fair? Was it just? A year might roll away before
he would have an opportunity to s{ eak a word in
his defence. However misrepresented or maligned,
he must be silent; not a word must be uttered.
He could not have a despatch published in his own
vindication, while a selection of documents to any
extent was published by an Administration hostile
to him.
Mr. A. said he had voted in favor of the resolu-
tion, unfair as it was, lest any one who supposed i
that Taylor had done something inconsistent with '
his duty might have a pretext for saying that the
Whigs were trying to shield him. Mr. A. had
no fears for General Taylor. His conduct would
stand the test of the severest scrutiny. Nothing
had been done by him, in his arduous command,
that could possibly injure him. Garbled letters
might, perhaps, induce some to judge unfavorably
of him for a time, but after peace should be restored,
and his lips were unsealed, he would be able to
present such a case as would command a triumph-
ant verdict at the hands of his country.
The publication of this order was remarkahle in
another respect. It prohibited the publication of
all letters from any officer in the army; and yet the
organ itself, in which the order was paraded m
capitals, had within two days past published let-
lers from officers, and other despatches from the
army, when they were of a complexion favorable
to the Administration. Yet they refused the same
liberty to a man placed in a high and responsible
situation, and now set upon and dogged by the Ad- j
ministration and its tools in and out of Congress. >
The resolution moved by the gentleman from |
Mississippi was equivalent to a bill of indictment J
against General Taylor. It implied that there was ;
something in that correspondence which, if it could jj
be got at, would pave the way for an impeacnmcnt. ,
Possibly that might be the object. By this happy |
stroke of policy it might perhaps be hoped not
only to sacrifice Taylor, (who was probably deem-
ed to be in the way of some political aspirant,) but
to aid the project of a lieutenant general, which
had so repeatedly been thrust upon both Houses
of Congress. That redoubtable project had beei%
voted down in that House with an emphasis that
spoke death to any hopes founded upon it; and
so it would continue to be, notwithstanding the
givings out of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Wick,] unless the Executive influence (as Mr. A.
sometimes feared) should prove too strong forthe
people.
There were other reasons why Mr. A. had voted
for the resolution. The phraseology had led him
at first to think that the resolution called only for'
General Taylor's letters, and not for those of the
Secretary; but it was now said by gentleman that
it covered both. Unless, however, this was very
plainly expressed, the House would not get a
word of it. He hoped the gentleman would have
the frankness to make his meaning so plain that
there could be no official misunderstanding.
It was well known that the House would never
be much enlightened by such a call as was now
made by the fViends of the Administration. He
wanted to extend it a little. He wanted to get some
information in relation to the employment of a se-
cret agent sent to hold communication with Santa
Ana at the Havana. He should call for the instruc-
tions to that individual; and he thought we should
find there the true ongin of the famous two million
hill, in connexion with the throe million bill which
they were to have politely presented to them on
Monday next. Before Mr. A. resumed his seat,
he should move an amendment to the resolution,
proposing such an inquiry.
He should like, also, to see the instructions
given to Mr. Slidell, our Minister, or Commissions ,
or by whatever other title he rejoiced in being
called, who had been for some months trying to
get himself acknowledged as something by the
Mexican Government. If ever those instructions
should see the light, wc should probably see that
it had been from the beginning the purpose of the
Administration to get up a difficulty with Mexico,
and so get California. But we had them not, and
no efforts would probably obtain them till a month
after the campaign was over. Till then no light
was to be furnished—all must be kept dark. Mean-
while, they were told it was their duty to keep
quiet—and then, by-and-by, when all was over
and past lecall, then call the Administiation to an
account. And he supposed, from the publication
of the official "order" this morning, that it might
probably be intended that no communications from
members of Congress must be published during the
continuance of the war. He supposed that they
too were prohibited from speaking their thoughts
till a month after the campaign. No doubt if the
Executive could have his will, the same instruction
would be extended to them also.
Before he went any further, he would send to
the Chair the amendment he proposed to offer.
[It was read at the Clerk's table, and is as fol-
lows:
" Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform tins Houmj if any officer or agent of the
United States was sent by him, or by his direction, to Ha-
vana, to advise, proeuie, or in anv way to pioinoto the le-
turn of Santa Ana to Mexico; or whether any person visited .
Washington city, and conferred with the President or any
officei of the Government upon the subject of said return
of Santa Ana; and, if so, who Mas the officer or agent,
what were his instructions, and when was he sent on such
minion ; or who was the person that visited Washington
city, and thus eonfeired with the Pi opulent or anj other
officer of the Government, and what was decided upon at
sueh conference. Also, that ho inform the House h\ what
merino and through what channel Santa Ana was informed
that an order was issued to the commander of our naval
(oices in the Gulf of Mexico, directing taid eommandei not
to obstruct fcanta Ana's return to Mexico; and ihat he also
Manumit to this House copies of am letters, communica-
tions. or paper-; ot any kind in the Executive Department of
the Government in any way relating to the subject of Santa
Ana's icturn to Mexico.
" Resolved, That the President of the United States he
requested to inform this House, whether the United States
have any diplomatic a§ent to the Government oi Mexico; if
not, whtiii they ceased to have sueh an agent; ami if tne
Hinted Slates have such an acrent, who heis, what duties he
ha> peifoimed snce the war with Mexico, what compensa-
tion he h.ifi leceived, and what is his present rate of com-
pensation."]
The information here asked for was earnestly
desired by Mr. A. Santa Ana had been sent back
to Mexico by President Polk—at least the idea
had originated with him. A mission, a secret em-
bassy. had been sent to him in. his exile, and the
Executive agent had an interview with him at the
Havana; after which directions were given by the
Cabinet to our officers who were blockading Vera
Cruz not to interrupt his return; and he accord-
ingly passed the blockade and landed safely on the
Mexican soil. Now, what were the designs of
