1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
tion is accused of hostility to General Taylor; and
yet when a proposition is made to let General Tay-
lor tell his own story, they make opposition. They
seem to prefer to fight in the dark on supposition,
than to have the plain facts.
Mr. ASHMUN here interrupted Mr. T., and
said he had voted for the suspension of the rules
to admit the proposition.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. He was glad to
hear it, and hoped—as he certainly expected when
the resolutions were introduced—that they would
meet no opposition, and least of all from that side
of the House. Before he concluded, he wanted to
allude for a moment to the amendment which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Asiimtjn] had
given notice he intended to propose, calling upon
the President for information concerning "certain
treasonable matter, as he chose to regard it, in
aiding and abetting Santa Ana to return to Mexi-
co. This Santa Ana he [Mr. Ashmen] regarded
as a most perfidious man, but still the ablest gen-
eral of Mexico. Now, the gentleman piesented
himself in an extremely strange attitude in two
respects by this complaint of the President. First,
if the President did wish to enter into a plot for
the betrayal of the Government of Mexico—of
which he had seen no evidence, and which he en-
tirely disbelieved—with whom would he concert
sooner than with Santa Ana, with all his treach-
ery.'' Because with a good man and true there
could be no hope of affecting any great object; but
with a man of his character something might be
expected. In the Revolution, the British officers
made no approaches to Washington, but all their
propositions were reserved for Arnold, who was
base enough to answer their purposes. But again:
the gentleman from Massachusetts believes this
warisunjust, unholy, and againstgood conscience;
as a Christian, as a just man, loving the right and
wishing it to prevail, he, it seemed to him, ought
to thank Mr. Polk, with his view of the subject,
for giving the enemy so great and brilliant a com-
mander to lead the Mexican armies to victory and
to triumph, in order that the right might prevail*,
and with such views, and sentiments, and feelings,
he supposed General Taylor would desire and
pray for some other defender than the gentleman
from Massachusetts. He had performed a thank-
less task.
Mr. T. moved the previous question.
Pending which motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
By Mr. THURMAN : The petition of the heiress of Fred-
erick Leigle. ANo, the petition of suiidiy citizens of Ohio,
praying for a grant of land to the Zanesville and Maya-viIIe
Turnpike Itu.ul Companies.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of the inhabitants
of township No. 42 north,range ] cast, in Illinois!, for a light
to relocate their school section. Also, citizens of Illinois
and Wiscon&in, for a change of mail route fiom Ro&eoe to
Beloit.
By Mr. S. D. HUBBARD: The petition of 128 legal voters
of the town ot Meriden, Connecticut, for pcaco with Me.mco.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of the city of New Haven,
Connecticut, to the same effect.
By Mr. DK MOTT: The petition of J. V. Kerr, of New
Yoik, asking remuneration for lands, of right his, nnpropeily
conveyed toothers.
By Mr. MARSH: The petition of citizens of Alexandria
county, late District of Columbia, praying leamiexation to
bant Di^tnot.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The petition of a large num-
ber of citizens of Lebanon, Ohio, recommending the Gen-
eial Government to discontinue the sale of the public lands,
and that they be laid out in faims and lots for the free Use of
such citizens (not possessed of other lands) as will occupy
them.
By Mr. CRANSTON • The petition of Nathaniel S. Re-
gies and other?, prawng that no alteration be made in the
laws in relation to pilots.
By Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin : The proceedings of a
public meeting at Potosi, in Wisconsin, asking a giant of
ei«ht s-ections of land to complete the opening of the Grand
Rivei Slough. Also, the petition of citizens of Grant county,
Wisconsin, asking a mail-route in Dubuque, \ la. Weld's
Fen y and Potosi,"to Platteville, in said county; al«.o, from
Potosi to Lancaster, in said county. Also, the petition of
settlers on the canal lands in Wisconsin, asking a reduction
of the price and riehf to preemption of said lands.
By Mr. J. 11. INGERSOLL: The memorial of the citi-
zens of the city and county of Philadelphia, earnestly en-
tieating Congrfso to pass the bill reported at the last session
(bill No. 418) tor the constiuction ot a diy dock at Philadel-
phia, and thus provide this much-neglccted station with the
means of lepairing the national vessels.
By Mr. CULVER: The petition of Job Wilbur, Esther
Wilbur, and 112 otheis, of Easfon, New York, praying that
our army be withdrawn from Mexico, and negotiation be ten-
dered, and protesting against any further appropriation of the
public funds for canymg on the war.
By Mr. PFLLSBURY: The memorial of D. Klaener, agent !
of the association for the protection of German emigrants to i
Texas, praying remission of duties. |
By Mr. SEDDON : The petition of Elizabeth H.Baldwin, \
widow of Isaac Baldwin, for continuance of a pension lterc- i
tofore allowed her.
By Mr. CAMPBELL, of Penn > Ivama: The memorial of
the Board of Commissioners of the Incorporated District of
the Northern Libei ties, in the county of Philadelphia, pray-
ing for the construction of a dry dock, referring the selection
of the plan to a competent commission.
By Mr. G1DPINGS: The petition of Lyman Peck and 95
voters of New Lynn, Ohio; of William Huntington and69
voters of Green, Ohio; of A. E. Austin and 293 others, of
Ashtabula county, Ohio; of B. M Cowles and 320 other
ladies, of the same county; all praying a dissolution of our
union with Texas, in consequence of the support of shivery
by the free States. Also, the petition of C. C. Hood and 62
other citizen* of Pennsylvania ; of J. H. McBride and 42
others, citizens of Lowell, Ohio; praying an amendment of
the Constitution so as to dischaige the people of the free
States from all support of slavery. Also, the petition of S.
D. Tlowe and 63 othei citizens of Pennsylvania, for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia. Also, the
petition ofE. P. Farmer and 26 other citizens of Canfield, i
Ohio, praying that no supplies may be granted to carry on |,
the war with Mexico. Als-o, the petitions of Joshua Maule i
and 42 other eirizens of Belmont county, Ohio ; oftheQuar- |
tetly Meeting of l*'ilends of Clark county, Ohio ; of I). A. <
Finney and 121 other citizens of Meadville, Pennsylvania;
of George Smith and othei citizens of Ohio; of Milton
.Tutliff and 10 other citizens of Warren, Ohio: of 11. W. j
Healv and 52 otheis, of Wayne county; ol'J. Wught and I
78 other=, of Sidonm, Indiana; all piaying that the present |
'war with Mexico niav be brought to a peaceful and imme-
diatc close. AKo, the petition ot Joseph Lindr-uy and 42 1
other eilizens ot Pennsylvania, piayme that Congress will 1
take such mea:-ures as will abolish slavery m the United ■
States. Also, the pennon of William Blanchard, for the j
repeal of tuch acts of Congress as authoiize the s-ale of free i
person^ of color into shivery within the District of Columbia. !
Bv Mi. R- SMITH : Resolutions fiom the General Assein- t
bly of the State of Illinois, instructing their Senators and '
requesting their Representatives to use fheir best exeitions j
to procure an appropriation for the completion of the Cum- j
berland road through the State of Illinois. Also, resolutions i
instructing their Senators and requesting their Representa- j
tives to procure the passage of a law donating one quarter- 1
section of land to each township in said State for the purpose \
of establishing a public library therein. \
By Mr. McCLEFifiAND: The resolutions of the Legi-da- j
ture of the State of Michigan, relative to the sale of certain
salt spring land^ therein.
By Mr. BEDINGER: The petition of John Lttlleiohn, I
praying compensation for certain work done by him as con- '
tiactor upon the public works of Harper's Ferry, Vnginia. !
By Mr. THOMASSON: The memorial of the s-uivevois
and inspector* ot thf   *' 
Cincinnati, St. Loui:
foi the establishment ot ports of entiy at tho>e places.
Bv Mi. HALE: The petition of Elijah Dexter and others,
inhabitants of PJvmpton, Massachusetts, praying that the
piesent war with Mexico may be speedily terminated with-
out the finthei effusion of human blood.
Bv Mr. WILLIAM G. BROWN: The petition of citizens
of Ohio county, Virginia, praying Congress to provide means
vigorously to prosecute the war, by laying duties on the free
li-Jt, coin and bullion excepted, and by increasing the duties
on articles now taxed less than twenty per cent.
BvMr. HUDSON: The petition ofS.S. Smith, and others,
of Westminster, Massachusetts, piaying that, as the war is
prosecuted to extend slavery, its expense may be defiayed
bv a tax: upon slaves.
"By Mr. GRINNELL : The petition of George Howland,
and one hundred and twenty other citizens of New Bedfoid,
Massachusetts, Hiking that the armies of this country be
withdrawn fiom the soil of Mexico, and the fleets from her
waters, in order that no more blood may be shed, and that
the way may be opened for a speedy and permanent peace.
By Mr. HASTINGS: A memorial of the citizens of the
count} of Louisa, in the State of Iowa, piavmg for a dona-
tion of land to aid them in reclaiming certain inundated
lands. Also, a preamble and resolutions of a public meet-
ing on the same subject.
By Mr. WM. W. CAMPBELL : A resolution of the Com-
mon Council of the city of New York, remonstrating against
the discontinuance of the branch post office m the city of
New York.
a resolution of the Senate, in relation to surveys
of private land claims at the Sault de Ste. Marie-,
which was ordered to be printed, and the map ac-
companying the same to be engraved.
Mr. DAYTON presented the credentials of his
colleague, the Hon. Jacob W. Miller., chosen
a Senator by the Legislature of the State of New-
Jersey for six years from and after the fourth day
of March, 1847.
PETITIONS.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Sturbridge, Massachusetts, praying the adoption
of measures for the speedy termination of the war
with Mexico; which was laid on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the petition of Eze-
kiel Potter, praying compensation for his services
as a soldier in the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of the heirs of John S. and
Nicholas G. Boss, deceased, praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which were re-
ferred to the select committee on that subject.
Also, three petitions of citizens and female in-
habitants of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
adopt such an amendment to the Constitution and
laws as will abolish slavery throughout the United
States; the motion to receive which was laid on
the tabic.
Mr. CILLEY presented a petition of ship-
owners and others, citizens of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, praying that the act of March 2, 1837,
concerning pilots, may not be repealed; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cheshire, New
Hampshire, praying the adoption of measures for
th^speedy termination of the war with Mexico;
which was laid upon the table.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington, praying that the bill which
passed the House of Representatives to amend the
charter of said city may bccome a law; which was
referred to the Committee for the Distiict of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. DAYTON presented the memorial of the
the revenue for the poitsof Louisville, I heirs of Robert Hartshorne, deceased, praying in-
mi*, Pntsbuig, Nashville, and Wheeling, j demnitv for French spoliations prior to 1800; which
3nt 01 "orls CB0V at tho"e I was referred to the select committee on that sub-
ject.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of citizens of
Monroe county, New York, praying that the Ton-
awanda band of Seneca Indians may be exempt-
ed from the operation of the treaty concluded be-
tween the United States and the Seneca Indians in
the year 1842; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of the
'j heirs of Jeremiah Mastin, deceased, praying in-
:;demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
i| which was referred to the select committee on that
j subject.
j! Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of the
j Board of Commissioners of the Northern LiLei ties
| of the county of Philadelphia, praying the con-
j| struction of a dry-dock at the Philadelphia navy-
j1 yard; which was referred to the Committee on Na-
'j val Affairs.
I Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
j praying the adoption of measures for bringing the
; war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable con-
; elusion; which was referred to the Committee on
' Foreign Relations.
! Mr. ATHERTON presented the memorial of
J John Walter and others, praying for a dry-dock
in the harbor of Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
' Mr. A. remarked, that ill presenting this memo-
: rial, he would ask the indulgence of the Senate to
say that it was well known that a navy-yard had
| been long established at the town of ICittery, ill
Maine, a place across the Piscataqua river, oppo-
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 1, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by the hands of his
Private Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, made , , , .
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in : site to Portsmouth, in New Hampshire, and con-
1 relation to the articles of the existing tariff upon || nected with Portsmouth harbor. Perhaps all the
which the duties can be increased; those upon '! advantages of this place, as a naval station, were
which the duties can be reduced; and those upon not generally so well known. These advantages
the free list which it would be desirable to tax, all 11 wuie briefly and forcibly set forth in the memorial,
for the purpose of augmenting the revenue; the 1 and were such as had impressed the minds of all,
extent of such augmentation; and the extent, if fully aware of them, with a conviction that the
any to which said tax upon free articles will in- ,j interests of the public imperatively required the
crease their cost to the consumer; which was or- '' construction of a dry-dock at that place. Indeed,
deied to be printed. ij the opinion seemed to be now entertained by those
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate 11 who had examined these subjects, that a navy-yard
a report from the Secretary of the Treasury, com- ;i was deficient for many, if not most of the purposes
municating a report of the Acting Commissioner of j[ of its creation, without such an appendage. This
the General Land Office, made in compliance with 11 would seem to result necessarily from the fact, that
