THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. "
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE' CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session,
offices in the army of the United States. Referred
to the Committee on Elections, and ordered to be
printed.
II. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the House, a repott from the acting Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office of the quantity
of unsold public land within thirty miles of the
Mississippi river, on each side thereof, from the
southern extremity of the Lower Rapids, near the
mouth of the Des Moines river, to the mouth of
St. Peter's river, how long said lands have been
in market, &c. Laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
III. Abetter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the House of
the 10th August last, reports as to whether any
and what changes can be made in the several
branches of the public service, by which greater
economy and equal efficiency can be secured in
their administration. Laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of March 2d,
1803, an^abstract of the returns of the militia of
all the States and Territories, with their arms, ac-
coutrements, ammunition, &c. Referred to the
Committee on the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEWART, previous notice having been
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the conditional transfer of the stock held by
the United States in the Chesapeake and Ohio Ca-
nal Company, on terms to secure the early* com-
pletion of that work to Cumberland. Read and
committed.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, again endeavored
to introduce the resolution before noticed, but ob-
jection being made—
Mr. McD. moved a suspension of the rules. 1
Pending which motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 2, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of his
Private Secretory.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, made agreeably
to law, accompanied by an abstract of the returns
of the militia of all the States and Territories, with
their arms, accoutrements, and ammunition, taken
from the latest returns; which was ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, praying that the bill to amend the
city charter, which passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, may become a law; which was referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Little &
Brown, praying compensation for publishing the
seventh and eighth volumes of the Laws of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial of coai-
owners and iron-masters of Virginia, praying that
the duties on foreign coal and iron may be increas-
ed. Referred to the Committee on Finance.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DIX submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to: '
Resolved^ That the President be requested to
communicate to the Senate such information in ,
possession of the Executive departments, in rela- 1
tion to the importation of foreign criminals and >
paupers, as he may deem consistent with the public !
interest so to communicate. j
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution j
for consideration: j
Resolved, That, after this day the Senate will j
meet at.eleven o'clock a. m. *
20
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1847.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. Benton, was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to contract with Mr. Charles Preuss for
constructing a topographical map of the great cen-
tral section of the Rocky Mountains, with the lat-
eral and rib mountains on each side, down to the
edge of the Great Plains on the east, and to Great
SaltLakeon the west, and showing the head waters
of all the great rivers rising in that section of the
Rocky Mountains, and flowing to the Pacific Ocean
and to the Mississippi; to be compiled from the
field notes, journals, and sketches of Lieutenant
Colonel Fremont, and his assistant, Charles Preuss;
the said map, besides the topography of the coun-
try, to show the results of the astronomical, baro- j
metrical, meteorological, botanical, geological, and j
other scientific observations of Lieutenant Colonel
Fremont, so as to exhibit the latitude and longitude
of remarkable places, the elevations of the country,
the temperature of the air, and state of the weather;
also characteristic trees, plants, flowers, and grass-
es; characteristic minerals, fossils, earths, and rocks;
with remarks to show the woodland and prairies,
Indian tubes, game, &e.; with the additions which
the present expedition of Lieutenant Colonel Fre-
mont may contribute to the woik. Also, a map
of Oregon and California in the same style, from
the materials of the same explorer, and other au-
thentic sourccx.
Mr. BENTON made some remarks on the ad-
vantages which would result from the construction
of these maps, for which ample materials had been
collected. Mr. Preuss had accompanied the expe-
dition to the Rocky Mountains, and had obtained
all necessary information during that expedition.
The materials which had been collected were of
great value. The map would present no bird's-
eye view of the country, although even that would
have been acceptable; but it would piesent a per-
fect view of all the features of the country, with
the aboi initial names.
The lesolution was then agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom had been referred the bill decla-
ring the consent of Congress to the sale of certain
lands heretofore granted to the State of Michigan,
with the salt springs thereon, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill from the House to au-
thorize the constituted authorities of the city of
Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, to enter certain
islands between the landings of said city and the
main channel of the Mississippi river, reported the
same without amendment.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, a resolution
submitted by him some days ago, ordering; that
three thousand additional copies of the annual re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury upon com-
merce and navigation, be printed for the use of the
Senate, was taken up and agreed to.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of John M,
Moore; which was read a first time.
Mr. CASS, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill for the relief of Robert
M. Harrison; which was read a first time. ,
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom had been referred the bill for the
relief of John Stockton, late a lieutenant in the
army, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom had been referred the bill from the
House, granting a pension to Silas Chatiield, re-
ported the same without amendment.
Mr, PHELPS, from the Committee on Patents,
renorted a bill for the relief of the heirs of Jethro
Wood; which was read a first time.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted by
Mr. Niles, came up for consideration;
Resolved, That to meet the expenses of the exist-
ing war with Mexico, to sustain the public credit,
and e;ive efficiency to the operations of the treasu-
ry, demand an addition to the revenue which may
New Series No. 20.
reasonably be expected from the existing laws of
from five to ten millions of dollars per annum.
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate such
additional revenue may be raised from imposts, by
increasing the rates of duties on importations now
subject to duty, and a moderate duty upon all or a
part of the free list; that such additional duties, if
judiciously imposed, will not be seriously burden-
some to any portion of the people, but would be
cheerfully borne by them in a time of war; that in
the judgment of the Senate it is highly necessary
that such additional revenue be raised during the
continuance of the war, and that the same be
pledged for the interest and the redemption of the
principal of the loans which have been, or may be,
authorized for the prosecution of the war in which
the country is engaged.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the further con-
sideration of said resolution was, with the consent
of Mr. Niles, postponed until to-morrow.
The Joint Resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives presenting the thanks of Congress to
General Taylor and the army under his command,
having been read a second time,
Mr. SEVIER moved to postpone its considera-
tion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped it would not be
postponed, unless there was any subject of great
impoitance to be acted on.
Mr. SEVIER said he had given notice that he
should to-day, at one o'clock, ask the Senate to
take up the three million bill. It was nearly that
hour.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He trusted then that the
Joint Resolution would be taken up to-moirow.
Mr. SEVIER said he had no objection to it.
The consideration of the Joint Resolution was
then postponed until to-morrow.
THREE MILLION LOAN.
Mr. SEVIER then moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, being
the bill making fui ther appropuations to bring the
existing war with Mexico to a speedy and honor-
| able conclusion.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
taKen up for consideration as in committee of the
whole. After having been read a second time, as
follows:
(iBe it enacted, $r., That a sura of money, not exceeding
three millions ot'duiiaif!, be, and the same fs hereby, appro-
priated, loi the puipotee of deli ajing any extraordinary ex-
penses wlnrli may lie inclined in oidrtr toluing the ousting
war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable eoitelusion, to
be paid out of any money in the tiea^uiy not othuwise up-
propu aiul to he applied imdei the direction of the
Piesiderit of the United Suites, who shall cause an account
of the expenditure thereof to be laid before Congress as soon
as may be"—
Mr. SEVIER remarked, that, this bill had been
introduced upon the recommendation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and that the Committee
on Foreign Relations, by whom it was reported,
in preparing the bill, hod resolved to follow the
form in wlneh other enactments of a similar char-
acter had been framed. One of those enactments
to which he referred was passed in the year 1803,
at the time of the acquisition of Louisiana, during
the Administration of Mr. Jefferson; and another
in 1800, when it was proposed to purchase Flori-
da. A similar bill had also passed the Senate at
the last session of Congress, the proposition hav-
ing been first consideied with closed doors, and
afterwards repoited in open session. The design
of the committee was to follow those precedents,
excluding all extraneous matter, and incorporating
nothing that was calculated to excite sectional or
party feeling, or to occasion debate. It was the
opinion of the committee, and in this opinion he
concurred, that all such matter would be ill-timed,
and that its introduction could lead to no good re-
sult; and he intended, if it were moved from any
quarter, to put anything of that sort into the bill,
to oppose it. In looking over the proceedings of
t.it; lust .session, lie fountl thut the Committee on
Foreign Relations bad reported two resolutions on
the subject, the first of which declared that the
course indicated by the President in his message
