306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 2,
received the approbation of the Senate, and was in j
tile following language: |
"1. Keso/. c<i? That the Senite entertiin a strong desire !
that the existing war with Mexico should be terminated by
a treaty of peace, just and honorable to both nations ; and j
that the President be advised to adopt all pioper measures '
for the attainment ol that object." i
This resolution was discussed for several days, |
and was at length voted on, and was sanctioned ;
by every Senator, on both sides of the Senate, with j
the exception of two, the Senator from Texas, [Mr. !
Rusk,] and the Senatorfrom Missouri, [Mr. Atchj;- l
son.] The second resolution was as follows:
"2. Resolved further. That the Senate deem it advisable
that Con^re^ should appropiiate a Mim of money to enable '
the President to conclude a treaty ot*j eaf*£ . limit*, and bound- 1
anes, with the lepubhc of Mexico, and to be u?ed by him in i
the event that such treaty bhould call for ihe expenditme of
the money so appropriated, oi any past tbei^of.*'
This was agreed to, and the Committee on For- ■
eign Relations were instructed to report to the Sen-
ate, in open session, a bill to that effect. Various .
propositions to amend the bill were made, and the 1
discussion upon it consumed two days. The bill \
was ultimately passed by a vote of 33 to 19. This ;
proposition having been thus discussed and delib- ;
erately voted on, he would consider it a waste of '
time to go at any length into the matter now, and '
in regard to the form of the measure. The same
course had been adopted in 1803, in the acquisition .
of Louisiana; in 1806, in the acquisition of Florida; ;
and, lastly, in that body at Us last session, in 1846. \
Unless gentlemen had changed their opinions since 1
that time, there could be no great variety of opin- !
ion in any part of this Chamber. The object of
this bill, as appears upon its face, was to make
peace with Mexico; and, in urging its passage, he ,
should abstain from the expression of any opinions \
regarding the origin of the Mexican war; for Ins 1
object was to excite no party feelings upon any ,
side on a question of this sort. He had his own i
opinion on the subject, but lie should not introduce
it into a discussion. He took it for granted they '
were all in favor of peace, if it could be obtained j
upon proper terms; and it was proper that he should
say. that he did not see how peace could be brought i
about, unless one or other of the belligerant parties
made an advance towards obtaining it. It was s
true, we had already made an advance towards that ;
object, by sending a Minister to treat with the Gov- j
eminent of Mexico, and had kept our army out of .
the country which was claimed by us for a consid- j
erable time before the commencement of this war, i
for the express purpose of seem mg peace, by show-
ing a forbearance and a disposition to avoid a hos- 1
tile collision.
fn making peace, of course the United States :
would expect to receive indemnity, to some extent 1
at least, for the expenses of the war, and they
would expect also the payment of the claims held
by our citizens against the republic of Mexico, '
and this indemnity was expected in the shape of ■
territory. He was not authorized to state pre- !
cisely what territory this Government would re- !
quire, but he supposed that no Senator would think ji
that they ought to get less than New Mexico and !i
Upper California. He did not suppose that a :|
treaty of peace with less than this would ever pass i!
that body. However, they would be better pre- ;|
pared when a treaty was proposed to determine as ;
to the quantity.
Having stated then, in as few words as practi- :•
cable, the object of the bill and its form, the next :i
question that arose was, whether it was likely that ij
they could effect their purpose upon these terms? |
In regard to that he would say, that, in coming to !;
the conclusion they had, the committee were <*ov-
erned, to a ^reat extent, by the recommendation of
the President; and he, after examining that corre- ^
spondence, had come to the conclusion that peace H
could be made upon those terms with Mexico. P
He believed that Mexico, a large part of it, at all i!
events a large majority of the people, would be j;
glad to make peace on these terms. !,
This opinion he derived from an examination '
of the correspondence which the President had !!
communicated to them. It would not be expect- li
ed, however, that the President, or anybody eke :
would be required to give the names of those who :
imparted this information, for it would be a breach
of confidence to do so. It would be sufficient,
therefore, for him to say, that in looking over this !
correspondence, coming from the quarter it did, he i
thought the probability was, that if this bill should ,
pass, peace—upon such terms as he hud named— ;
would be effected. They were engaged in an ex-
pensive war—a war attended by a great sacrifice
of life, and one which exhausted the means of the
Government; and if peace could be made upon
those terms, he thought there ought to be no hesi-
tation about making it. But it might be asked,
could a lasting peace be made under the circum-
stances in which Mexico was placed, divided as
that country was into various ramifications of par-
ty, factions existing everywhere, an unstable gov-
ernment, and with no one party sufficiently strong
to make peace ? The intelligence possessed by the
President gave them reason to believe that, upon
a certain advance to be made to them to pay the
expenses of their army, and other expenses, they
would bo willing to cede that portion of their coun-
try which he had named.
Mr. S. concluded by saying his object was not
to consume the time of the Senate; and, to avoid
everything that might produce discussion or party
excitement, he had endeavored, in as few words
as possible, to define the object of this measure,
and to hold out to the Senate the prospect of pro-
curing a peace. Our arms had triumphed every-
where. We had got possession of a large part of
their territory; we had got possession of some of
their seaports, and held others blockaded. All
parties in Mexico were sick and tired of the war.
We were powerful, and in a condition to force
contributions, and every one in Mexico, or at least
the greater number, were desirous of concluding a
peace. lie hoped, therefore, the Senate would
concur with him in the view which he had ex-
pressed, and adopt the measure which the Presi-
dent had recommended. If it should be proposed
to discuss the question more fully in regard to this
war, he would be prepared to go into the discus-
sion as fully as gentlemen desired; but, at present,
he would respectfully ask the Senate to let this bill
pass, for he thought it was becoming on the part
of this country, as being the most powerful, and
as our arms had triumphed thus far. to make the
first advances towards concluding a peace, and
putting an end to this destructive war. He thought
that a proper regard for the opinions of the world
required that they should make peace, and that
their demands upon Mexico should be moderate
in any treaty that might be made with that repub-
lic.
Mr. MILLER said that this bill came to them,
it appeared, as almost every bill relating to the
Mexican war did, at the President's recommenda-
tion. The object of the bill, it was said, was to
make peace, and to make that peace upon the
grounds recommended by the President of the
United States, the preliminary step to which was
the placing in his hands three millions of dollars.
If he thought that an end could be put to this un-
fortunate war by passing this bill, and placing
three millions of dollars in the hands of the Presi-
dent, he would willingly vote for it; but he must
be permitted to say that he did not sec how the
placing of this money in the hands of the President
could restore to this country an honorable and per-
manent peacp. The chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, who. it was to be presumed,
was well infoimed in relation to this matter, had
stated his belief that peace could be obtained upon
certain terms, and he had thought proper to give
to the Senate and the country the terms upon
which that peace could be made. He understood
the chairman of the committee to say that peace
might be made, or at least that the Piesident of the
United States would consent on his part to con-
clude this war, if Mexico would consent to cede to
the United States the whole of New Mexico and
the whole of Upper California.
They had now for the first time, from an official
source, the information which the country had
long desired to obtain, viz: to what extent, and for
what purpose, this war was to be further prosecu-
ted. They were now told that it was for the pur-
pose of acquiring, by force of arms, or what he
considered to be the same thing, driving Mexico
by force of arms, or the people of Mexico, to con-
sent to surrender to the United States New Mexi-
co and California. This war, then, according to
the information which they had now received, was
converted into a war of conquest. This fact was
now avowed before the American people. It mat-
tered not that these territories were to be ceded to
us under the form and sanction of a treaty, for
they all knew that such treaty, if made, was to be
forced upon Mexico by means of the prosecution
of this war. He intended, without authority, on
this occasion to t^pass upon the time of the Sen-
ate, for the purpose of expressing his views in rela-
tion to this war, and in relation to the causes which
led to it, and the manner in which it had been pros-
ecuted, and to suggest to the Senate a few humble
considerations in regard to what he conceived to be
the best mode of putting an end to it. They were
called upon day by day to vote men and money for
the purpose of sustaining this war, and having on
many occasions given his vote for these purposes,
he felt it due to himself, and to the State which he
had the honor in part to represent, to express those
views now, clearly and openly, to the Senate. He
knew that the demands for the prosecution of this
war were great; that immense means were requi-
red; that it was a question of men and money; that
it lived on the lives and property of the people.
Whether the war could be justified befoie God and
man or not, it was a war now existing, and a
war which he felt bound, as long as it did exist, to
assist in providing for, in order to support the
success of our arms and the honor of the country.
But he would candidly say that if he believed an
end could be put to this war in an honorable man-
ner, by withholding the appropriations for it, he
would withhold his vote from any supplies of men
and money for the purpose of prosecuting the war
any longer. But he felt that the war was no longer
under the control of the Senate. Commenced, as
he believed it was, either by design or by a blunder,
it had gone on step by step, connecting itself with
the legislation of the country, winding itself about
them m defiance of the terms of the Constitution,
until it had bound the country in every form of
legislation to its support. This little war, com-
menced, whether by the act of Mexico or of the
President of the United States, he would not stop
to inquire, had been growing larger and larger as
time had elapsed; and, as the army had advanced
into t^c Mexican territory, the enemy had fallen
before it; but every victory that we had gamed
seemed to add strength to our adversaries. At the
commencement of ^the war, to all human appear-
ance, Mexico, divided in her councils, distracied
in her domestic affairs, apparently without the
means of supporting the war, seemed to he before
us, like a man before the lion, leaving us nothing
to do but to put forth our power and destroy the
devoted victim. But it appeared that every wound
we inflicted imparted renewed strength to the
victim. TCvery victory that we gained, whilst it
lessened the number and strength of our army,
seemed to rally the citizens of Mexico; and, like
the blood shed in defence of homes and firesides
every citizen of Mexico stricken down brought
together a thousand freemen for the purpose of
avenging his blood. The road to the city of Mexi-
co—to the " Halls of the Montezumas"—seemed
to grow longer and longer, and the revels which
many gentlemen anticipated at the close of this
warm the "Halls of the Montezumas" had been
preceded by many a carnival of blood. The peace
which it was thought we could conquer by one
or two battles seemed to fly before us like an ignis
Jutuuu and at this moment it was as far distant as
it was when the army marched from the Nueces to
the Rio Grande. But the war was no longer un-
der the control of politicians. It had assumed an
aspect and an importance before the country which
was calculated to rouse all the feelings of the peo-
ple towards it. It was now evident that it was to
be a protracted and an expensive war. It was now
evident from what they saw that all the energies,
both moral and physical, of this country, were to
be called into requisition for the purpose of putting
an end to it.
Mr. MILLER continued. If this war was to
be continued another year, it would require all the
energies of this nation, both physical and pecuniary,
to sustain it. We have already authorized the
President to call into the service fifty thousand
volunteers, and by a bill just passed the Senate
the President was authorized to incrcse the army
by ten regiments, making the army to consist of
twenty-seven thousand regular troops, and together
with volunteers, some eighty'thousand men. The
armies of this republic had already spread them-
selves at the direction of the President, fromTam-
pico, on the Gulf, to the Pacific Ocean, a distance
of several thousand miles; and if the war was to be
carried on with vigor, this army must be sustained
in a foreign country. All its munitions of war,
all the provisions necessary to supply it, would
