1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have to be transported at an immense expense. !j after day, asking for appropriations"of
One part of the army of this republic had just i| money, without, to his knowledge, havine asked
passed round Cape Horn, for the purpose of in- !i u„\  navlllS a!«ed
urn
men and
vadmg and taking possession of California—°-om«-
by water a distance of some fifteen thousand miles"
and an ainny of this kind must and will require an
expenditure of money which will be an oppressive
burden on the people of thiscountry. What were
the facts in relation to the difficulties and expense
Attending such an army as that under General
Taylor.' Why, although lie was ordered early in
the summer to take a position on the Rio Grande,
the fact was now before the country thathis means
of transportation to Mexico had not reached him
even up to the 2d ofNovember last. Most of them
had to be prepared here in the Worth and trans-
ported by water, and then sent across the country
to Mcxico. He merely mentioned these facts to
show toe difficulty of carrying on a war thr<
! Congress to lay taxes to sustain the war. Bold
ii this Administration had been, and even reckless,
j: as he conceived, in not avoiding- the «-ar. Loud'
i[ and cramorous Us friends had been for the vigor-
i! ous prosecution of the war; but when they came !
'to as^ appropriations of monev, or the raisins- '
!] of means, without which no war "could be niose-
;! cuted with vigor, t hey were perfect cowards. They
shrunk from meeting-the responsibility. No; the
i democracy of.-this country was not to be taxed
; for this war. ''They were to conquer all Mexico.
j Splendid schemes of conquest were devised. Their
, armies were spreading from the Pacific to the Gulf
j of Mexico, but not a dollar tax was to be imposed
i to sustain the war. The democracy might sip their
tea and coffee without being disturbed in its enjoy-
ment by any tax. The war was to sustain itself.
:i!:; ;r"T""'  " ■  ««-■ w™°
He had heard the cost for the first year estimated
at one hundred millions of dollars. He repeated,
that no man could tell what the cost would be; but
he believed it would not vary much from that es-
timate for the time specified; if it did, it would more
probably be over than under that amount. In
May last ten millions weie appropriated; m June,
about eleven millions; and in August, by a supple-
mental bill, an appropimtion was made of two
millions. They had attempted to raise by loan
under the bill of last session, ten million:;, and
they had taken the twelve millions surplus 111 the
treasury; and during the present session they had
passed a bill authorizing a loan of twenty-three mil-
lions more; making about fifty millions of money
actually applied to the purposes of this war. nd
it had been said b)r gentlemen who had examined
the appropriation bills for the. present session, that
the whole amount required at this session would
be at least fifty millions. He thought, llien,- with
propriety he might say that for the present ye,tr
this war would cost one hundred millions; and yet
they had been told that this war had but just com-
menced. Now, how were these immense expen-
ses to be met? This was a question which the
Senate should ask itself. It was a question which
the people were beginning to ask.
And here he had a woul to say to the conduct-
ors of this war. It was an easv* thing to get a
country into a war, and it was an easy thing, amidst
the excitement which geneiully attends a war, to
make appropriations for the purpose of sustaining
it. It required no great patiiotism for them, sitting
here day by day, to appropriate men and money
to sustain this war. The great question to be asked,
which should strike any Executive when about
to go into a war, was, " How are the means to be
raised for the purpose of carrying on the war?"
The disposition of our people was such, that there
was no difficulty m obtaining men to go into the
fight; but the great question was, how was the
money to be obtained ? The question now was,
whether they would raise the money at once 
whether they would call upon the people by means .
of taxes to sustain the war, or whether they would t
put off the evil day, and leave the work to be done ;
by those who shall come after us. Would they j
meet the question at once, and test the popularity •'
of this war, by calling upon the people to surrender •
their property for its support; or would they blink !
the question, and throw the responsibility on their j
successors? An Executive, who had full confi- '
dence in the propriety of the course he had taken  j
an Executhe who felt, assured of receiving the
approbation of the people of the country—who felt
that he was sustaining the rights and honor of
his country—who had been compelled to go into
a war which the honor of the country forbade him !
to avoid, would meet his responsibility at once. '
He would say to the people, " If this war is to be :
sustained, I shall want not only soldiers and vol-
unteers, but means to support them; and I recom-
mend Congress to impose a tax so as to call forth
those means from the private property of the. peo-
ple." Such was the course which "this Govern-
ment pursued in the last war. They met it fairly.
As soon as the war was commenced, the declara-
tion of war was accompanied with a recommenda-
tion for an increase of taxes; and, as he under-
stood, the taxes were doubled at once.
But this Administration had not taken that
course. It satisfied itself with having made the
war, and with having sent in here to Congress day
was to be conquered, and her people were to pay i
tor their subjugation. Contributions were to be j'
levied, in the first instance, to sustain the army on j!
its march to revel in the tfalls of the IVJoiUe^umas; j
and then they were to pay themsehes by taking i1
New Mexico and California This was the manner !
m which this war was to be earned on. j!
What, then, were the measures of the party j:
now in power—the financial measures—which ii
they have perfected? No war duties had been ij
suggested; and the system they had was one }'
which, they were told by Ihe President, was ad- j1
justed with a view to the economical admimstra- ji
tion of the Government in time of peace
measure was solely recommended on that ground.
And what other measure had they heard of? They
had heard of a system of free trade, though this, I
perhaps, was more of a theoretical than a practi- i
enl measure. It lay, however, at the foundation '
of the present order of things, and was undoubt- I
ediy also adopted merely for a time of peacc. !
Then, again, there was the hard-money currency j
system. 1 h^se were the measures of this Admin-
istration; and by such a system a foreign war was !
to be carried on—a system which, in Ins humble i
opinion, would not sustain the Government in time J
of peace—a system which even its friends did not |
pretend would be sufTicieni 111 time of war; and yet '
it was the only system by which they proposed to i
carry on a war at a distance of three thousand j
miles. They all knew that a war of this kind,
of raising the means for carrying on this war, the
Administration had attempted to push its credit to
j the utmost extreme; and, in the first year of this
war, they found the treasury empty, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury at his wit's end to raise
ways and means. The Administration preferred
its own political theories of the last ten years to the
honor and credit of the country. They would not
give up the sub-treasury, though their iron chests
field nothing but mere suspended promises to pay.
1 hoy would not give up their notions of free trade,
for fear it might disturb some favorite scheme they
had heretofore entertained. In time of war, there
should be no party; but inasmuch as the attempt
had been made, not here only, but in the country,
to throw on the Whig party the imputation that it
was reluctant to sustain the war, he threw back
the imputation on the Administration party, and
charged them with neglccting to sustain the war,"
by not preparing the treasury and the finances of
the country for the emergency.
But he had a word to say a"s to the way in which
this campaign had been managed. That was the
duty of the Executive, and, though he did not
agree with gentlemen that the. Executive, upon his
own responsibility, should plan a campaign, by
the Executive it had been planned. Well, and
what had been the great scheme to conquer Mexi-
co, or to "conquer a peace?" Why, as far as .
could be seen, they had invested Mexico with our
armies, as the waters surround the continent. One
portion of our army was on the Rio Grande; an-
other was penetrating Mexico some hundred miles
The jj up; a third was penetrating the centre by Santa Pi
a foui th was sent round Cape Horn to take posses-
sion of California; and the "navy of the United
States occupied the Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific
OceanJ so that the republic of Mexico was com-
pletely surrounded by our arms. They desired,
it was said, to conquei a peace, and the way to do
it was to take possession of the Halls of the Mon-
tezumas; anil to do that, they had stationed their
armies at the extreme points—in remote, provinces.
They commenced as far from the point of attack
as they could get. They sent their armies into
the provinces of Mcxico to fight with the elements
in the wilderness. They sent their navy into the
CtuIC and the Pacific. And for what purpose?
Why were their squadrons thus employed ? Mexi-
co had no fleet, nor any naval foice. And this was
I the great plan of the campaign: Mexico -was sur-
carried on at a distance, was a most expensive]; rounded by our armies <uid our navy. And what
war to any government. But he would undci-|j then? They were to strike a blow at the heart of
take to Ray that no government on the face of the j] Mcxico, and yet their armies were from one thou-
earth could carry on a foreign war with more ex- ti sand to two thousand miles from that point. Oh!
ponse to itself than the United States. We were jj but they were ail to march and concentrate on
not prepared for a war of this kind; but the mon- m Mexico: and then a peace was to be conquered,
archies of Europe, having standing armies in the jj If peace were the object—if the object of this cam-
field, were always ready, and they could carry on ; paign had been to conquer a speedy peace, to use
foreign wars without disturbing the people at jj the language of the resolution adopted here some-
home. Their standing armies must he sustained, jj time ago, they hod taken the worst course to do
• either in peace or war. But in the United States i
: we have no such state of preparation. Our insti- j
1 tutions foibid such preparations. If we undertake ;
■ to cany on mi-ch wars, everything must be com- i
; menced dc novo; and we know it costs our Gov- j
i eminent twice as much as any of the governments •.
i of the Old World. j
But they had been charged on that side of the |
Chamber with not giving a hearty support to this ;
war—with being: indisposed to carry on the war i
vigorously. Now, whatever might be the opinion |
of gentlemen on that side of the Chamber as to the '
cause of this war, and as to its necessity and its j
justice, he believed they had all manifested a dis- i
position to sustain the honor and credit of the j
country, now it was engaged in war. They had '
voted for, or they had not opposed, all the meas-
ures of the Administration to sustain and carry on '
the war. The friends of the Administration have
got all they asked for. They had taken the war ;
undertheirpeculiarchargeandmanagement. They |
had got all the men and money they desired; and ,
now he and his friends had the right, and with 1
more justice, to turn round and say to the Admin- ;
istration, "You have not done your duty to the ;
country, in vigorously supporting this war. You
have neglected to prepare the country for this war; |
you have neglected to sustain the treasury of the |
country, that this war may be prosecuted effect-
ively; you have not called upon the people to !
pledge their property to sustain this war; you have j
gone into the war relying on your credit, and you I
supply the treasury simply by borrowing. Instead '
it. But if the object was to dismember Mexico
of her provinces, the campaign had been wisely
planned.
There had been many schemes proposed to con-
quer Mexico. They could hardly meet a soldier
on the street, of any military pretension, who had
not his plan. But if the piau were to conquer a
peacc, why was it that the troops were not concen-
trated at some point and marched to that point
where an effectual blow could be struck, and then
make known that we were ready to make peace
on the selt'ement of the boundary lme between
Mexico and Texas, and the payment of the indem-
nities due to our citizens' If that object had been
made known, they would have had peace long ago.
I>nt instead of that, an army had been sent round
Cape Horn to California, to attack that province,
and to establish a civil government there. This
had been published to all the world, and it was
well understood that this Government was grasp-
ing after territory.
But there was another mode of managing this
campaign—to " conquer a peace," which must be
wiitten in its secret history. It was by means of
money, not employed to furnish arms or munitions
of war, not to pay soldiers to fight our battles; but
to be employed in some mysterious way to affect
the internal counsels of Mexico. At the last ses-
sion they were asked for two millions of dollars,
and the object of the President of the United States
was then understood to be in .some way connected
with Santa Ana. He was the person who was to
be influenced by the sum of two millions of dollars.
