308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
It was known that part and parcel of the plan bad
been carried into execution. He knew, the world
knew, that Santa Ana was an exile at Havana,
and that, at the instigation of the President of the
United States, he was taken back to Mexico. The
President admits that it was by his own conni-
vance and consent; and he says, that by Santa Ana
he expected to produce a peace. He asked for two
millions of dollars to get Santa Ana to that coun-
try*and to regulate him when there. And whether
his conduct since had been influenced by the fact,
that part of the contract had not been performed
by the President of the United States, he was not
able to say. Now, three millions were asked for;
and this also was in relation to Mexico. There
was a party there that was willing to make peace
if these three millions were placed at their disposal
to sustain the peace party. With such a scheme
he had nothing1 to do; he believed it would amount
to nothing. I? there were in Mexico to be found
traitors to their country, who would pocket the
money of this Government to sign a treaty of peace,
they would soon find it necessary to seek a retreat
either in the United States, or somewhere else,
from the indignation of their countrymen, and this
Government would lose its money, and before the
world its honor also. Two millions were required
to get Santa Ana into that country, but three mil-
lions were now required to get him out again.';
Mr. M. was sorry to trespass on the time of the
Senate; but he did not allude to these things so
much for the purpose of finding: fault with what :
has been done, as to bring; the Senate and the coun- !
try to a consideration of the causes of the war, for [
the purpose of seeing whether they could not bring j
the war to an end by an honorable and speedy ad-
justment of the causes which biought us into the !
war. In order to do this, he would refer for a few [
moments to the causes of the war. And, in doing1 j
this, he would direct the attention of the Senate to ;|
what the President himself has said regarding the i|
difficulties, and the only difficulties, between Mexi- I*
co and the United States at the time the war com- !j
menced. He then quoted from the Annual Mcs- \ \
sage of the President to Congress, of December, j|
1845, to show that the boundary question, and the i
unredressed injuries which Mexico had inflicted j
on the property of United States citizens, were the j
only matters in difference. Now, with repaid to ;
these indemnities, according to the President's mes- 1
sage on the 2d December last, three instalments {
had been paid, leaving a balance unsettled. i
But the President further states, that for the
purpose of settling the boundaries, he sent Mr. j
Slidell to effect their adjustment, lleie, then, w<_re j
plainly and distinctly stated the causes of differ- J
ence when the war broke out—the boundary hue j
between Mexico and Texas, and indemnities to . i
the amount of two millions of dollars, or (when ||
all was put in that could be got in, right or wrong) !|
from three to four millions of dollars more. p
It Jiati been satd that it was very unfortunate that ![
two republics living side by side, either by desi«n i!
or by a blunder, should be got into a war. It ought !|
to have been prevented; and if proper prudence !
and foresight had been exercised by the Executive <i
of the United States, it would have been prevent- i
ed. ff the Senate had had time to consider the ;|
question when the declaration of war—for he call- jj
ed it such—when the President's message of the li
11th oPMay last was sent in to the Senate^ it would !
have been settled to the honor and satisfaction of j'
all parties concerned. Fie could not refrain from ij
saying that no nation could be justified that got J
into a war for such trifling causes. There had
been in the public mind, and he thought he might i'
say in the mind of the Executive himself—foi lie |
?>uve the President credit for due reflection on this '
important question and a realization of his rcspon- |
sibility—a hesitancy with regard to this war and ;
to the justice and necessity of if. Such a feeimo- !
was abroad. He had seen it manifested here! j
They had seen it in the acts of (he Administration '
throughout this campaign. The Administration '
desired on every occasion to be certified that it !
was right. It had attempted ail the way along to |
get the assent of Congress and its sanction for the j
war so hastily brought on the country. They I
could not even offer a vote of thanks to those gal- |
Jant men who had carried our arms victoriously 1
through three battles, without its being converted
into a certificate of the President's conduct in re-
lation to this war. The feeling of doubt of the
necessity and justice of this war, which was thus
exhibited, had taken a strong hold on the public
mind; and it was making itself felt here, and he
felt that the hour had arrived when it became the
duty of the Senate to respond to that sentiment of
the people, and to say that this war, which was
brought on by such trifling causes, must be brought
to a close. It was for this purpose that he had
referred to this war and to its causes. In the set-
tlement of disputes, not only between individuals
but nations, if they would agree to confine them-
selves to the causes which led to the dispute, there j
would be little trouble in adjusting them; but if j
they wished to take advantage of each other—if'
one, feeling itself to be stronger than the other, '
would cavil and introduce something new, there !
was great probability of breaking up all attempts J
at settlement. But if both desired peace—if the |
United Slates, the stronger of the two, honestly 1
desired a settlement—all that it was necessary |
for us to do was to confine the Executive in the j
settlement to the original causes of the war. Now ;
he would put this pertinent question to the Senate, I
and through the Senate to the Executive: aAre |
you willing to propose to Mexico to make peace !
by a fair and honorable settlement of the causes ,
which led to the war?" If the President would i
say in plain language to Mexico, " We will settle j
our differences if you will acknowledge the bound-
ary of Texas to be the Rio Grande, and pay our j
citizens the indemnities due to them," he assured !
the Senate that Mexico would accept the terms, |
i nd they would have peace. If such a proposition 1
had been made by Mr. Slidell, there would have '
been no war at all. j
But if the President of the United States would :
not make that proposition—if he will not answer 1
in the aflinnative to such a proposition from the :
United States Senate, then we and all the world !
could understand what he was after. What else ■;
could the Piesident want than a settlement of the
boundary line of Texas and the payment of the
have proclaimed to the world that no man can be
compelled by force of arms to owe allegiance to
any country; and that he has the right to throw
off his allegiance to any sovereign on earth. Daily
we admit hundreds of emigrants from Europe to
the rights of citizenship, having long since discard-
ed from our statute books the old doctrine that a
man has, in this matter, no right of choice. What,
then, he repeated, did they mean to do with these
people ? Did they by force of arms intend to com-
pel an entire people to become citizens with us?
But there was another point of view in which to
contemplate this question. What would they do
with these provinces when they obtained them >
Then would come up the question of partition—
the division of the spoils. Then they would find
that they had transferred the war from Africa to
Rome. Then would come up a question which
every patriot in the land, every man who values
the peace and harmony of the Union, should pre-
vent being agitated at all.
But what do we want with New Mexico ? Why
should we surrender the claims of our citizens to
the two millions of indemnities, and take pay in
land ? Do we want land ? Are we so cramped
that we cannot live without enlaiging the area of
the country > Is the valley of the Mississippi
worn out? Is the rich and fertile soil there to be
forsaken, and are pur people to go to Mexico to
seek new homes ? \
And what do we want with California? Is it
that on the Pacific Ocean we want a secure harbor?
Why, for a long time we have been getting Oregon.
Its importance to the country has been strongly
represented. Its attitude in relation to our com-
merce and agriculture has been long represented.
It was a vast, unappropriated country, and we have
been encouraging citizens to go there; and the time
would soon come when we shall have a colony
there, and when the commcrce of the United States
would open for itself a market on the great Pacific,
indemnities ? Let the world understand it; espe- , and when our institutions, our laws, and our reli-
ctEilly let the people of this country understand it. gion, will take a stand there, and have their influ-
I-Ie knew of nothing else the President could desire, - ence, not only on the Pacific coast, but across thai
unless it was the conquest of Mexico, for he sftvelv ocean, and in the islands of the sea. The great
did not act on that exploded idea of the law of^[ work of building up and sustaining Oregon was
nations that a Christian nation, after going to war l| "before them. It was a work of peace and of civih-
and getting all she goes to war for, was to continue jj zatipn. And it would require all the energies of
to fight for the purpose of punishing her antagonist.
After striking her antagonist to the earth, she was
to continue the war for the administration of pun- [
ishment! Surely this age would not justify the j
continuance of wai for *uch a purpose. For what ;
other pvt}jio>e, then, Was the war to be continued, j
Tie was sorry to say thwt there was another pur- i
pose. It Has to be continued for the purpose of I
extending the jurisdiction of the United States over, i
the provinces of Mexico. Conquest was the idea. .
Why, here they were told by an honorable Sen- ;
ator they were to take their ptiy for our people in i      
hud, and not be \ery particular in regard to the |, when'by reason of a trifling dispute about twomil-
quantity and valuation of it. They were to tell || lions of dollars and the settlement of a boundary
Mexico that the debt they owe us should be for- j' line, which men of sense could settle any time n>
given if she would cede New Mexico and Cah- ,, twenty-four hours, we were thrown into a war,
fornia. 1 hen, w as it not e% ident that if this war j, which was not to be settled, says the Senator from
was to be continued longer, it was to compel Mexi- !; Arkansas, until New Mexico 'and California are
co to surrender to us these two provinces? This 11 ours. If the country would submit to this, and
had been anticipated by many gentlemen who wcie ,i allow aggressions to be carried on to acquire new
opposed to this war. They had long been appre- jj temtory,' it would be of very little use to attempt
■ this country to build up and sustain it for some
1 time to.come. But before they had taken one step
1 to build up and .sustain that Territory, one hun-
! dred millions of dollars was to be expended to ac-
i quire New Mexico and California. Would they
never stop in their acquisitions? When they got
; New Mexico and California, would they not push
their acquisitions further? Was not the tempta-
tion great? When the annexation of Texas was
urged upon them, they were told that was to be
the boundary of the Union. Thus far they weie
to go, and no farther. But a year had not passed,
hensive that the object was not so much to sustain
the honoi and the rights of the United States, as to
extend the dominion of the United States.
Now suppose they got those two provinces;
suppose our victorious armies overrun all Mexico,
and our flag waves in triumph over every walled
town throughout that republic; suppose their
Ccesar should return from Gaul, with intelligence
of the subjugation of provinces, and should come
into this Hall and here present them to the Senate
for the purpose of submitting them to its control
and dominion—what then? Suppose they got
New Mexico and California by a tieaty of peace,
what were they to do with them? Gentlemen
seemed to look upon it as a mere acquisition of ter-
ritory—as the acquisition of so many acres of land
or square miles. Why, there were people there;
there are citizens of Mexico there. What was pro-
posed to be done with them ? He doubted very much
to improve our country at home. We had better
cast loose the rein, and let all the energies of the
country expend themselves in the acquisition of
foreign climes.
M r. M. had (he said) honestly believed this war
with Mexico could be settled, and settled in two
or three months, if the Senate would, by resolu-
tion, advise the Piesident to settle the differences,
between the two countries, by an adjustment of
the original causes of the war. If we will say
that our object is not acquisition; if we will say
that we will be willing to make peace, on a settle-
ment of the boundary line of Texas and the pay-
ment of the indemnities, we shall have peace.
When the resolutions for the annexation of Texas-
were before the Senate, prior to the completion oj*
it, they were told that if they annexed Texas,
without first settling the boundary line, there would
be great danger of war; and one objection against
whether, under our form of government, they could ji annexing by resolution was, that it would put it
bring into the United States, by means of conquest, j[ out of the power of this branch of the Government
a foreign people arid territory. He spoke, how- ii to settle it before annexation took place. Pie knew
ever, more particularly of people. Could they by jj the honorable Senator from Alabama [Mr. Bagby]
conquest compel the people of another republic to :■ was opposed to annexation by resolution, and that
become citizens of the United States? Why,^ve i; he was in favor of the proviso, or a treaty; bat &
