1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was believed at the time that the President would
adopt the mode sanctioned by the proviso, and do
it by treaty. He doubted if it would have passed,
if they could have foreseen what really took place.
Instead of the President opening the boundary
question with Mexico on liberal terms, on the
basis of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] in his various despatches, it was done
at once by resolution.
Sut it was said that the Senate ought not to
interfere in this matter: this war is under the con-
trol ©f the Executive, and the Executive alone
can make peace. Well, that was true. Congress
can only make war; but this war has been made
without the consent of Congress. It was made*
before the question was submitted to Congress.
It was made—whether honestly or not he would
not question—but it was made by a mistake of the j
President, in ordering our troops to march from
the Nueces to the Rio Grande, and putting them in
a condition where war must follow—placing them,
in the language of the Senator from Missouri, in
a position to assault Matamoros, and where the
accidental discharge of a gun must bring on a con- j
flict. Mr. M. blamed the President for that. It ;
might have been an oversight; but before we had j
time to reflect, the war was on us, and to this day
Congress has never declared war. There is no war
de jure, though there is de facto.
But they had another excuse for interfering in
this matter. In a late case of great notoriety and
importance before the country, when we were in
danger of being brought into war with Great Brit-
ain—on a questien of boundary, too—when it had
arrived at that point at which the President found
it necessary to ask for advice how he should act
under such important responsibilities, he sent to
the Senate, and asked our advice respecting the
formation of that treaty. Now he would not stand
on formalities on questions of war or peace. They
did not say to the President, "We will give you
no advice: you make war at your peril. The
Senate had 110 disposition thus to treat the Presi-
dent; and they received his message in good faith,
and answered it in like manner. And what was
the result? Why, they saved the country from a
bloody war. And now, he said, it would be not
only correct, but he held it to be the duty of the
President to do so under the circumstances of this
case, and all the circumstances connected with the
history of this war, that the Senate and Congress
might express their opinions in regard to the fur-
ther continuation of this war, and the means of
bringing it to a close. For one, he should be wil-
ling to say that it was the duty of the President to
settle this controveisy with Mexico by an honor-
able and fair adjustment of the causes of the war,
discarding all idea of conquest or receiving pay in
land. He considered such a project disgraceful to
the country. If we had gone to war because the
blood of American citizens had been shed on
American soil—and that was the word which went
forth through the country, and struck every ear
and heart—if for that our armies had been marched
to and across the Rio Grande, to right ourselves
before the world, and to defend our rights and
honor, how were we to be satisfied by taking pay
in land—by the cession of California and^ New
Mexico, and by subjugating the people of New
Mexico to our Government? He discarded such
a settlement as that, as dishonorable to the country.
All we had to do was to compel Mexico to settle
the original causes of war. What utility would
there be in a continuance of this war? We had
been told that though the war had cost us much,
we had been fully repaid by the renown which
our arms had won; that European nations had
forgotten us, but that now they were taught that
we could defend both ourselves and our rights.
But was it possible that Europe could have forgot-
ten all the glorious deeds of the last war and the
war of the Revolution? _ If ail the honor and glory
we acquired in contending with one of the great-
est military nations on earth had passed away like
a dream, what could this miserable contest with
poor, stricken-down Mexico do to establish our
renown ? He had never been in foreign parts; but
if the American name and glory were so low that
it was necessary to engage in a war with Mexico
to establish them, lie never desired to go there; for
he should not be proud of a nation that was sunk
so low in the estimation of the great family of
nations.
But did the power and the glory of this nation
depend on deeds of war? No, our glory was de-
rived from achievements of peace. Our enterprise,
our institutions, our religion, were our glory and
our boast; and when all the renown which could
be derived from deeds of arms liad passed away,
the glory of this country would stand before the
world, founded on the great principles of peace and
justice.
Mr. SEVIER made a brief explanation in reply
to some remarks of the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Miller.]
When he concluded there was a cry of " Clues- i
tioe," from several parts of the Senate. j
Mr. MANGUM hoped the question would not j
now be pressed. He did not know that any Sena- j
tors on his side of the Chamber desired to debate j
this subject, but time should be given them to do I
so if they had such a desire. J
Mr. CHALMERS suggested that the Senate ||
should go into Executive session. jj
Mr. SEVIER said he desired to get the final !j
vote at an eaily dav, and therefore lie had abstained :
from going into a discussion of the causes and origin ;
of this war; deeming it unfair to into it himself,
and then to press a vote which would deprive othre |
gentlemen of the same opportunity. He was not
willing to stop all debate. If gentlemen desired to ,
delay its passage, he could not prevent it.
Mr. MANGUM said, there was 110 purpose of ,
delay, of any unreasonable delay on his part; but j
this "was a very important question. They had ;
been engaged during the last few weeks on very !
important measures, which had occupied their at- j
tcntion exclusively; and not knowing that this bill ,
would be precipitated upon them, they were not j
prepared satisfactorily to determine those iiyipor- i
tant questions which it involved. He hoped the j
question would not be pressed. If it were neces- j
sary they could go into special session. ;
Mr. SEVIER said, if it was to be debated, that :
it might share the fate it did last year, he was not
willing to have it passed over; but he should not
object to reasonable debate. lie was  ot willing,
though, to have it spoken to death. They had the
appropriation bills yet behind, but ho was willing
to yield a day or two.
Mr. MANGUM said he did not know abso-
lutely what the intention of other Senators might
be in regard to debating the subject. He had no
such purpose, and he thought that those with
whom he acted had no disposition to defer the mat-
ter, or postpone it unreasonably. They had mani-
fested a disposition to aid the President in every
possible way in the prosecution of this war, in or-
der to obtain a speedy and honorable peace. But
they wanted some time to consider of this subject,
though it was notentirely new. It had been brought
before the Senate at the last session, but under a
very different aspect.
The object of the President now seemed to be
pretty clearly intimated to be the purchase of Cali-
fornia and New Mexico. If this were so, he would
only say, for one, that, under this aspect, it pre-
sented a vastly momentous question. He was
unwilling to see Mexico dismembered. He was
unwilling to acquire, at the edge of the sword or
the point of the bayonet, a single square inch of
territory, though he was disposed to acquire, it
practicable, those water facilities whicn would be
of immense advantage to this country. But as to
a forcible spoliation of the territory of California,
or any other, at the edge of the sword, it was dis-
tasteful to him. He was altogether averse to it.
The change of phase which this matter had as-
M sumed rendered it incomparably of more impor-
tance than the proposition of last year; and he was
indisposed, therefore, to give a vote which might
foreclose him hereafter (the views of the Adminis-
tration not having been clearly indicated until to-
day) from taking such a course as his more ma-
tured judgment might dictate.
Mr. SEVIER moved to postposc, the furthei
consideration of the subject until to-morrrw. He
then briefly explained some matters in ielation to
this subject, from the history of the last session of
Congress.
Mr. MANGUM rejoined.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations would acquiesce in the
request of the Senator from IS orth Carolina, and
let this subject go over. He hoped it would not
be pressed with the speed which was indicated
Udoii all the measures which had been deemed
necessary by the Government to carry 011 this war,
his side of the Chamber had acquiesced. But now
another question was presented. They were call-
ed upon to vote an extraordinary amount of money
for the purpose of bringing the war to a termina-
tion, and in fulfilment of their daty, they should
have an opportunity to ascertain and declare* on
what principles, with what views, and for the ac-
complishment of what purpose this war was pro-
secuted. It was one tiling to yield to the Execu-
tive, and vote appropriations when the country
was in a state of war, and our army jeoparded by
an army of superior numbers; it was another thing
in their legislative capacity to define the object for
which the warVas to be prosecuted. In making
this appropriation of three millions of dollars, it
was their duty to ascertain the purpose to which it
was to be applied. He could not, therefore, un-
derstand how this bill could be passed without dis-
cussion. He moved a postponement to Thursday
next.
Mr. SEVIER was not willing to be behind any
gentleman in courtesy, but they must remember
that this was the short session, of which but little
more than three weeks remained, and in that time
they had many important measures to dispose of
He'also reminded Senators of the course pursued
at (he last session, when a similar measure was
under discussion at the hour of adjournment. If
a debate was now to be gone into, the sooner it
was begun the better.
Mr. BERRIEN denied that there was any dis-
position to avoid an expression of opinion by .a
vote on this question. We were not so far ad-
vanced in the session as the Senator from Arkan-
sas supposed, having more than four weeks of the
session left to them. If, therefore, this could be
postponed for a few days, they would have time
for reflection, and they had abundant employment
for the days beyond which it might be postponed.
There was the Indian appropriation bill, the navy
appropriation bill, and others to which they might
direct their attention. That the Senator from Ar-
kusas might not fear the loss of his measure, he
was willing, and he. believed the Senators on his
side of the Chamber would be willing, to have a
day fixed on which the vote'should be taken, and
the decision of the Senate had upon it.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved to go into executive
session.
Voices: " No, no, dispose of this first."
' Mr. MANGUM repeated his hope that there
, would be no objection to a postponement to the day
after to-morrow.
i Mr. SEVIER was still of opinion that if there
1 was to be a discussion, as had been intimated,
! they should go into it at once. Let it be taken up
! to-morrow, and if Senators were not then prepared,
' it could go over to the next day.
Mr. CALHOUN said Thursday was but day
after to-morrow. By the postponement to that day
they should gain time, as it would give Senators
! the opportunity for reflection; and they knew that
' debates which came on after due reflection were
generally the most concise. He hoped that during
i every session of Congress every one would have
the opportunity at some period of the session to ex-
! press his views on the general questions before the
country. So far as he had observed, the gentle-
men on the other side of the Chamber had shown
no disposition to prolong the debate unnecessarily.
i He thought there hud been rather more consump-
tion of tune on his own side. He thought the
request now made a reasonable one. Senators
desired to be heard without, intending to consume
time unnecessarily, and what even time a reason-
able discussion might take no one could tell. But
surely three, four, five, or even six days, could
not be considered unreasonable on agreat question
like this. He should vote for the postponement.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone to Thursday, and they
were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer. Atclrison, Badger, Borrien, But-
~KAV1-Mf««, Allen, Ashley, Atlierton, Bastoy, Benton,
ii D«, rail flow. Hamiegan, Houston,
Sevier,' Speight, Sturgeon, and 1 urncy—16.
]; So the bill was postponed.
i Mr BERRIEN then gave notice of his intention
! to offer an amendment, whicli was read as follows,
ij and ordered to be printed:
