310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
Provided, always, And it is hereby declared to ho the true ,
intent and meaning of Congress in making this approprm- ,
tion, that the war with Mexico ought not to be prosecuted '
by tills Government with any view to the dismemberment i
of that republic, or to the acquisition by conqucst of any
portion of her teiritory•, that this Government ever desims
to maintain and preserve peaceful andfiiendlyrelauon* with
all nations, and particularly with tho neighboring republic
of Mexico, will always be ready to enter into negotiations,
with a view to terminate the present unhappy conflict on
trims which shall secure the jit>ti miits and preserve invio-
late the national honor of the United States and of Mexico;
that it is especially desirable, in order to maintain and pre-
serve those amicable lelation^ winch ought always to exist
between neighboung republics, that the boundary of the
State of Texas* should be definitively settled, and that pio-
vision be made by the republic of Mexico for the prompt and
equitable settlement of the just claim* of our citizens on that
republic.J>
Mr. BADGER then moved that the message of
the President of Friday last, relating to the same
subject, together with sundry other papers, should
also be printed; which was agreed to.
THE COPPER LANDS.
Mr. BREESE moved to postpone the prior or- !
ders, with a view to take up the bill to establish a :
land office in the State of Mich i® an and Territory I
of Wisconsin; which motion having been agreed '
to, the bill was considered as in committee of the
whole; and, after having been explained and
amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and, by unanimous consent, was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
regulate the carriage of passengers in merchant
vessels, and the bill for the reduction of the costs
and expenses of proceedings in admiralty against
ships and vessels, were seveially read a fir.st and
second time and appropriately referred.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after a short time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. I
Tuesday, February 2, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
On motion of Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON, it
was so corrected as to state the fact that on the
■motion to postpone the consideration of the special
order, (i. e. the three million bill,) he had voted in
the affirmative.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN moved further to
amend the Journal by stating, that on the adoption
of the resolution submitted by him yesterday, and
calling for certain information, he had called for the
yeas and nays, which the House refused to order.
The SPEAKER said, that under the practice of
the House, entries of that description could not be
made
The Journal was then approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the motion of Mr. McDowell, of Ohio,
pending at the adjournment last evening, to sus-
pend the rules to enable hirn to introduce a joint
resolution aulhoiizingand dire ting the Committee
on the Library to contract with Mr. Powell for a .
picture for the vacant panel m the Rotundo.
Mr. McCLELLAND, (on lea\e gi\en,) fiom ■
the Committee on Commerce, to which had been 1
referred the bill making appropriations for the im- j
provement of certain harbors and rivers, reported
an amendatory bill. Read und committed
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, (byleave,) from the 1
Committeeon Naval Affairs, ieported abill to "rant
certain privileges to the yachts belonging to the ■
members of the New York Yacht Club; and moved ;
that the bill be now put upon Us passage; but !
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, it was committed I
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
_ Mr. SEDDON (by Wive) presented the memo- '
rial of coal-owners and iron-masters of Virginia
asking that the duty on foreign coal and iron under ;
the present tar iff may be increased to the same rate '
levied on those articks by the tariff of 1842. Re- i
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The question was then put on suspending the '
rules to enable Mr. Joseph J. McDowell to^offer
his joint resolution, and decided in the negative. i
military academy. !
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved !
3fse4.%. 11?t0 Committee of the Whole on the state of !
the Union, (Mr. Hamlin in the chair.)
On motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, the com- j
mittee proceeded to consider the bill making appro- ;
priations for the support of the Military Acadcmy
j for the year ending 30th June, 1848.
1 The bill having been read—
| Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL moved to add
: to the bill the following: " For a board of visitors,
. §2,000."
; Mr. I. made a few remarks showing the pro-
■ priety of the amendment, stating that m the csti-
| mates from the department this item was included.
' The question was then taken, and tbe amend-
i ment disagreed to.
1 Mr. INGERSOLL moved to amend the last
item of the bill, by increasing the amount from
*920,000 to $23,000.
Mr. I. stated that this amendment corresponded
with the estimate laid before the committee by the
department, but the committee had reduced the
amount s8,000.
Mr. HUNUERFORD made some remarks in
reply to Mr. Ikgersoll.
The question on the amendment was then put,
| and the amendment disagreed to.
i No further amendment being offered to the bill,
1 it was laid aside.
i CIVIL APPROPRIATION IIH.L.
The committee, on motion of Mr. McKAY, took
, up the bill making appropriations for the civil and
; diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
| year ending June 30, 1848.
! On the suggestion of Mr. McKAY, the reading
: of the bill thiough was dispensed with, and it was
I taken up by paragraphs.
Mr. WENTWORTH said—
i I will move to strike out the fn-sr section of the
1 bill, in accordance with the usual custom for those
; wishing to address the committee, and proceed to
1 remind those around me that, not long ago, I intro-
duced a resolution declaring it "inexpedient to
! levy a tax upon tea and coffee." I did this for the
, best of reasons—viz: that I deemed it my duty to
' do it. The Secretary of the Treasury had pro-
i posed such a tax, and I knew this House was
; opposed to it. If an extra tax was necessary, and
j this House was opposed to the proposed one, the
j sooner the Secretary could be informed of the fact,
! the more time would he have to devise another
| plan for raising the necessary revenue. To save
' the time, trouble, and expense of a protracted dis-
j cussion m this House, I moved the previous ques-
; tion. And 1 should never have troubled the House
! again with the matter, but for the frequent remarks
! made here and elsewhere respecting the necessity
1 of this tax, and the motives of those opposing it.
: These remarks are not submitted, as most are m
this body, for tbe ear of my constituents. All who
have ever known anything of me politically, know
that I have always been for keeping tea and coffee
free of duty, and for making salt and sugar so, as
soon as it was practicable. With these sentiments,
i I have never appealed to the people in vain for
' support; and after that generous support, even
i though I should change myself, I should be guilty
' of the grossest political treachery, if I should fail
to carry out fully their views. In offering that
! resolution, then, I exptessed my own views, as
! well as the views of my constituents, and, as it
proved, the views ofa large majority of this House,
. and also of the Democrats of this House.
; I supposed, until recently, that the whole Dem-
■ or.ratic party was opposed to this tax. But in these
tunes of hankering after place and power, honor
, and emolument; of new plans, new theories, and
j new practices; of political tergiversations and man-
! agement, one hardly knows what to expect. I
, know that I came to Congress an opponent of a
tax upon tea and coffee. And I always supposed
that the Democratic paity came into power pledged
to such a policy. In allusion to this matter, the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wick] the other
day told us, that there were individuals who got
up shadows to frighten themselves. Now, if this
tea and coffee tax is one of those shadows, let us
see who have done their part towards getting it
up. In canvassing my district in 1844, I asserted
that Mr. Clay favored a tax on tea and coffee, and
that Mr. Polk opposed it. In substantiating my
position, 1 used to read from a speech of President
Polk's, which I am sorry that I have not now with
mc. But, in its absence, I will go back into Ten-
nessee politics, and gather up a couple of crumbs
which will be of service in this matter, as I find
them extracted into a number of the Congressional
Globe.
On the 17th of October, 1841, as the groundwork
for the next Gubernatorial election, a prominent
Democratic member of the Tennessee Senate, now
holding office under this Administration, introduced
the following resolution:
^Resolved, That this General Assembly views, with de-
cided disapprobation, the act ot Congie.-s, passed at the Jate
extia bes-'iim, commonly called the tax bill, imposing an in-
creased and hea\ y tax on numerous common necessaries of
life, including tea, colfee, ^alt, sugar, and othei ai tides, as
it pjwspd the House of R-'pie^eiitativfs, and in which re-
spect it was but slightly modified in the Senate ; that modi-
fication extending to tea and coffee alone, and being earned
against the vote of Ileniy Claj, of Kentucky, who adhered,
by his vote, in that respect, to "the bill as it passed the House;
and which act contains an unjust discrimination in the duty
on iron in favor of certain corporations."
Such was the Democratic doctrine in Tennessee,
at least, in 1841. But I have a better crumb yet,
A speech of Governor James K. Polk, reported in
theNashville Union of November 1, 1841, charges
that—
I kk A dominant majority in the popular branch of Congress,
I by a solemn vote, m p)sed a tax of twenty per cent, on tea
I and coffee also; and in that form the bill pa.s>ed the House. In
| the Senate thot e two articles were stricken out by the votes
■ of Democratic rfenatuis, and a &malt portion of Federal
j Senatois; Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, and other Federal bena-
! torri, recording their \otes to retain the tax upon them, and
i against making them ireo articles."
j What will those who call me " little better than
i a Whig" for entertaining similar views to these,
j now say to such an expression, and true as the
; gospel,from ourovvn DemociaticPiesident? These
■ weic the views of the President when elected,
j They were mine then, and I believe they now are
; of an immense majority of the Democratic party.
: Now, I will carry this examination still further,
j and get at, if possible, the exacfc sentiments of those
1 of the Cabinet who ha\e, of late years, been in
| Congress,
; On the 31st of July, 1841, the Whig House of
1 Representative, by a vote ot one hundred and six-
; teen to one hundred and one, passed "An act re-
■ lating to duties und diawbacks." This was sent
' to the Senate, where the Hon. Levi Woodbury, a
! Democrat from New Hampshire, moved to amend
! it by inserting "tea and coffee" among the free
' articles. The vote stood thirty-nine to ten. The ten
i were Whigs, and Mr. Clay was among them. Of
| the majority, were two members of the present
Cabinet, Messrs. Buchanan and Walker, and the
two Democratic Senatois from Illinois. When the
question of concurrence m the Senate's amendment
came up in the House, the vote stood one hundred
and seventy-eight to eleven. The eleven was
composed of John Q,uincy Adams, seven other
Whigs, and three South Carolina Demociats. Of
this majority weie the present Postmaster General,
and the whole Illinois delegation.
At (his very time, when'Mr. Woodbury, since
made a judge by President Polk, made this move-
ment to keep tea and coffee free, and was sustained
b\ four members of the present Cabinet, the affairs
of our nation were in as critical a condition as they
arc now. The excitement about the arrest of Mc-
Leod was at its height. Our army was facing that
of John Bull upon our eastern frontier. The Ash-
burton treaty had not been concluded. The Oregon
difficulty was entirely open. The Mexican indem-
nities were unsatisfied, and our indebtedness was
very large. But, very properly, though Henry
Clay wished it, no tax could be levied upon tea
and coffee then.
Again: at the .second session of the Whig Con-
gress m 1842, the Committee of the Whole amend-
ed the bill "to provide revenue from imports," by
striking out a provision imposing a tax upon tea
and coffee for three years u and no longer." This
amendment was concurred in by a vote of one hun-
dred and eighteen to seventy, July 16.
In the majority are recorded the names of two
members of President Polk's Cabinet, Messrs.
Clifford and Johnson, and all the Illinois delega-
tion present.
At that time it was not Democratic to tax tea
and coffee for three "years and no longer. At that
time, the embarrassments of the country were very
great. McLeod, to be sure, had been liberated;
but all the other difficulties just mentioned existed,
and the liabilities of the country had run up to
$24,800,000; and our liabilities at the commence-
ment of the piesent Congress, were but $24,400,-
000. I submit the following comparative state-
ment*
