1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3X1
Statement of the debt of the United States, on the Isi of Jtdtf,
1842, and January, 1847.
Dobt.
Old funded and unfunded
debts 
Treasurv notes of 1812 to
1815  
Ceitificates of Mississippi
stork 
Debts of the corporate ci-
ties of the District of
Columbia, assumed by
the United Slates 
Loan of 1841, 6 percent...
Loan of 1842, 6 per cent...
Loan of 1843, 5 per cent...
Loan of 1S48, 6 percent...
Treasury notes 
Five per cent., fourth and
fifth instalments of the
Mexican indemnity 
1st of July,
1842.
$317,935 63
4,317 44
4&2Q 09
1,380,000 03
5,6/2 976 88
8,343^886 03
9,077,006 05
1st of January,
1847.
$134,008 72
4,317 44
4,320 09
1,080,000 CO
3,OUO 00
8,313,883 03
6,601,231 35
4,193,600 00
3,784,080 97
320,000 00
.$18,800,442 00 I $34,471,444 60
We got along without taxing tea and coffee then,
and I see no reason why we cannot do it now.
Again, on the 25th of August, 1842, Senator
Hives, a Whig from Virginia, introduced a propo-
sition to tax tea and coffee. Mr. Secretary Walker
proposed, as a substitute, "a property tax for rev-
enue of one per cent, -ad valorem on all gold and
silverware above one hundred dollars;" and Mr.
Buchanan, and ten other prominent Democrats,
voted for it, but no Whig. Why not try some-
thing of this kind now? It certainly would be
popular. We can but try it; and if it fails, we can
resort to something- else.
On the same day, Senator Allen, a Democrat
from Ohio, moved to strike tea and coffee from
Mr. Rives's proposition. Secretaries Walker and
Buchanan, with eleven other Democrats, voted for
the motion. When the final vote upon Mr. Rives's
proposition was taken, Senator Buchanan voted
against it, and it was lost. Mr. Walker was ab-
sent: had he been present, lie would, of course,
have voted with Mr. Buchanan.
No person can deny that the Democrats came j
into power with professions against a tea and coffee 1
tax*, and it is equally undeniable that to the Demo-
cratic party is entitled the credit of keeping those
articles free ever since the year 1832. Sir, this
good old Democratic policy of keeping the foreign
necessaries of life down as low as you can, has
gained our party a great many votes; and both
policy and justice require that we should not turn
our backs upon it. Had Mr. Clay been for free
tea and free coffee and Mr. Polk against it, who
doubts but the election of 1844 would have differ-
ently resulted ?
Instead of finding fault with me, an humble-mem-
ber of the Democratic party, the advocates of this
tea and coffee tax should lecture the President and
Secretary Walker themselves. They advocated
the doctrine before I did, and abler than I ever can.
They are the ones, if any, who are liable, in the
language of the gentleman from Indiana, to this
charge of getting up shadows to frighten them-
selves. Let him go to the schoolmaster, and not
to the boys, with his homilies.
After the foregoing expressions, I might, per-
haps, forbear making an announcement of my sur-
prise that Secretary Walker should ever propose a
tax on tea and coffcc. Sir, I was surprised when
I found that, after all my professions for 54° 40'-
has been paid into the treasury of the United
States. I want to know what doctrine I shall ad-
vocate before my people as the Democratic, doctrine
on this subject, if that of old General Jackson is to
be abandoned ? Shall I tell them they must build
their own harbors? Who here will tell his con-
stituents they must pull the snags out of the Mis-
sissippi themselves ? Why, tax what you raise—
tax the commerce of the country—tax your corn,
wheat, flour—tax everything you produce—do this
to make your own harbors; and then tax tea and
coffee besides! Why, what is there, Mr. Chairman,
that we must not tax soon, if we go on at this rate ?
We must tax everything that comes in, to carry
on the Government; and everything that goes out,
to improve our rivers and harbors. That is the
Democratic doctrine, I am told. Sir, I never shall
vote for a tax on tea and coffee, until our country
; is placed in a worse crisis than it now is, or I be-
lieve it ever will be. I wonder if the chairman of
1 the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. McKay]
; is in Ins seat? Yes; I see he is. I would like to
, know how that gentleman came to inoActo stiike
; out of the tariff bill reported by him at the last
! session this proposition to tax tea and coffee I
! find that section four of the bill, as reported, pro-
' vides:
" She. 4. Jltn\ be it further cncrfetf. That if it shall happen,
j in any future fiscal j'eai, that the revenue sdiall not he suth-
eientto defray the expenditure* required for that vear, u
j duty of ten per centum ad valoiem shall be levied, collected,
I and paid on tea and coffee, to take effect after the first quar-
ter ofthe ensuing year; and it sjhall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to leport «uch deficiency to the Presi-
dent, who shall forthwith announce the same by proclama-
tion. and direct that the aforesaid duty be collected as above
provided.'"
Here is the fourth section of the tariff bill as
reported to this House at the last session. Our
country then was in a war: we did not know how
it would terminate. It was lone* after the Mexican
war was commenced and was in prosecution; and
yet the chairman of the Committee of Wavs and
Means came forward in this House, and had
stricken out of that bill this tax on tea and coffee.
What was it done for5 Was it done to catch the
men who are in favor of free tea and free coffee?
Was it done to pass the bill—and then try the
same game, which was played upon us after we had
let Texas in, by selling out half of Oregon* Was
it to give us to understand, Your lea and coffee
shall be free; and after your tariff bill is secured,
then to turn round upon us and tax tea and coffee?
I do not know how the gentleman explains it. But
if he did it honestly and sincerely, how can he
complain of me' for doing, this session, what he
himself did last session? I am a young man; I
cannotsee, perhaps, quite as far as many who have
more age and more experience; and if I keep with-
in one year of my leaders, I think I do very well
in these times of political changes. If the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means was
for free tea and free coffee at the last session, when
there was a war, he must excuse us for being for
it now, until he gives us a reason for changing,
founded upon events that have occurred since the
last session, when he himself moved to make it
free. When the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means struck it out, I stood up for it,
as I stand now. I told my people that tea and
coffee were free under this bill; that we had re-
duced the duty on sugar and salt, and kept tea and
coffee free; that the poor man was better provided
for in this bill than he was under the tariff of 1842. |
compromise; that he was going to give to the free-
labor States this small measure of justice, for the
sake of passing the bill. I believed he was honest
j in doing so.
Sir, 1 have made some sort of an estimate in
relation to the position in which my own State
would be placed by this tea and coffee tax, and I
sincerely believe if this tax is laid that Illinois will
pay more money for the support of the National
Government under the tariff of 1846 than she did
under the tariff of 1842. And I believe that my
own Congressional district would pay a greater
tax upon tea and coffee than any slave State in the
Union. I honestly, sincerely believe it; and I
never will consent that any such odious discrimi-
nation shall be made; never. And God knows
my State is not in a situation to be taxed, justnow,
any higher by the General Government. I am,
however, a taxation-man; one of those who for the
last five years have held and urged that Illinois
should immediately commence to pay everjr dollar
. of interest she owes. I believe and hold to it now;
> and I have risked all the popularity which for the
1 last five years 1 have enjoyed, either as a speaker or
! editor of the public press, upon it. Let our people
: meet manfully every dollar of interest they owe.
And while I advocate this proposition, I cannot
consent that this Government shall tax my poor
people for their tea and coffee. 1 cannot consent
to any such unjust discrimination upon free labor
> as compared with slave labor.
Now, sir, I want to ask the Clerk to read the
1 following from Mr. Walker's report. When the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Payne] spoke the
j other day upon the report of the Secretary of the
< Treasury, he gave his own version of it. I step-
i ped forward and asked that gentleman to allow
■ twelve lines from that report to be read, and ha
i refused it; and it is not the only time that the gag
i has been applied to members from the free States
: at the present session. Since I have been a mem-
I bur on this floor, I never knew a gentleman here
1 to use in hisphxcc and ask leave to introduce a bill
; and that it be read twice, that that favor was de-
1 nied, until the honorable gentleman from New
York [Mr. King] lose and asked his bill to be
read and referred. And now, no man known to
be in favor of the gentleman's proposition can get
any chance to have it introduced and printed; as
was proved yesterday by the attempt of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] to in-
troduce his amendment, and have it printed: which
couitesy was refused him. And the gentleman
from Alabama pursued the same course towards
me when the ieport of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was being quoted by him, and I asked to have
twelve lines read from the same document, which
he refused.
Mr. W. then sent up to the Clerk, by whom it
was read, the following extract of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, at the commencement
of the present session:
" This duty, however, would be rendered nugatory, in
patf. for several years, unlcs s it were imposed duringa very
early peiiod of the sets-ion, and to go into effect at a tune
not later, if po&Mble, than the 1st of January next. Between
that date and soino tune early in the spring large importa-
tions of tea, and. to some extent, of coffee, are brought into
tlic country, and ou^ht to be subjected to the duty, in Older
that revenue should be raised from &uch imports. If tins is
not done, and the duty to go into operation at a much later
period, the tax will operate as an enhanced price to the con-
sumer, without pioducing a eonetpondent revenue."
Now, the Secretary of the Treasury sends in a
document here for our guidance in relation to the
finances. From the extract which I have read, it
second of January, the day after, when he said it
would be useless, I then rose and introduced my
after all my praises of the President's Inaugural— (l ...    - 
I was a forty-nine man—that I had got to be a forty- j; But, lo! scarcely had my voice died away on the
nine man, or be read out of the party. I was also 11 ears of my constituents, before, under my own w^n^, nnt wnm this
much surprised to find that all the harbors which j, frank, I am compelled to send them this report of ;. would appear that M Wa kei does not want th s
General Jackson had begun upon the upper lakes j the Secretary of the Treasury recommendmg a tax tax, ui.le^laid by the fust of ^nua. y.^Onjhe
had got to be unconstitutional; and that the works j! upon tea and coftee! The President does not di- j
upon them were to be stopped; and that no more ! rectly recommend this tax; yet southern men say
snags could be pulled out of the Mississippi i iver. " "   ~
All this was surprising enough. But my surpri.se
was beyond all bounds when I plainly saw that
efforts would be made, under the penalty of being
called "little better than a Whig," to bring afl
the Democratic party into the support of this tax.
Mr. Chairman, can you tell me what comes next?
Hereafter when our file leaders are to make a sud-
den tack, I wish they would let us all know it in
season, so that we can be on the ground in time.
In relation to our harbors and rivers, the Admin
rectlv recommend this tax; yei souuicm men ,, ----- s
he is in favor of it. Shall an humble Representative resolution, that it was inexpedient to tax tea and co-
on this floor be censured for not advocating what |, fee. Sir, I must have better leaders^ or J. can Uol-
the highest officer in the General Government dare
not take the responsibility to recommend ? Sir,
every one knows the scene that took place oil this ;
floor in relation to salt: rather than lose the tariff
bill, our Democratic friends gave way; but if we ■
are to tax tea and coffee, may we not soon be asked
to increase the duty upon salt* We never dreamed
low them. I have never bolted a regular Democratic
nomination, from President down to constable. I
always do the best I can to keep up; but I am off
the track somewhere now. .
Now, I find Mr. Walker says, "after making
full allowance for this decreased consumption,"
&c. Out of whom is this " decreased consump-
when we allowed "ssilt to be taxed, that before the j1 tion" to comer Out ofthe blacks of the South? No:
year was gone!it would be attempted-end that out ofthe fee laborer* of the North. Now, here
istration, since the last session of Congress ad- i1 by our Democratic friends, too—ito tax tea and ~ .~ tea and coffee- for Mr. Walker
journed, have sold out all our machinery, adlour ■ coffee.^ !j SfSS^ there would be a «de-
a mpasure is 1
ntroduced to deprive a portion of my
chains, all our materials for improving harbors.
Our oak timber, our stone, &cM &c., are all gone;
sold out at one-fifth what they cost, and the money
of Ways and Means rose in his place, and of his
own. accord moved to strike out this tea and coffee
tax from the bill, I supposed then it was a mutual
creased consumption" of these articles if the duty
! is laid as lie proposes. I don't want any " de-
