312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
creased consumption'5 of tea aftd coffee among the
people of my district. There are very few able to
spare it. It is better that the rich should go with-
out their wines and brandies, or, what is more
probable, it is better that they should pay a higher
price for them, than that this state of things should
exist.
Between the first of January, (Mr. Walker says,)
and early in the spring, u the tax would operate as an
enhanced price to the consumer, without producing
a correspondent revenue." But this is no reason
with tea speculators, who feel as much interest in
a tax on tea and coffee as the manufacturers of the
East did last summer in the defeat of the new taiiff
bill. I am told there are a large number of tea-
dealers in this city urging, strenuously urging, that
we should tax tea and coflee ' Why? They h«ve
got their stores full of the articles?, as they have
come in free of duty; and the moment yon levy
thin tax upon them, you give the whole amount of
the tax as a profit to them, to be paid by the labor-
ing man. Sir, I was opposed to the Whig manu-
facturers making money in that way; and I am
also opposed to the importers of tea and coffee thus
plundering the people. I will submit to nothing of
the kind.
Sir, what is the present condition of this coun-
try ? Is our credit reduced t Can our loan not be
negotiated at par? And if it cannot, is there no
other way to restore the credit of this nation, than
by resorting to a duty upon old maids and old
women? A.re the wealth, the eneigies, the bone
and sinew and muscle of the country, all gone?
Are we reduced to as low a state as Mexico, who
keeps up her finances from the rings, pins, and j
other jewelry and plate, which Santa'Ana bogs as i
a war pittance from the Icvdies of that country? Aie !
we reduced to that pa?.s, that we are to go to the !
houses of the widows and orphans, and say, Can't
you, from the earnings of your needles and hands,
throw m a few cents to aid, by a tax on tea and '
coffee, to carry on the Government? Why, Mr.
Chairman, if it has come to this, how thankful I !
am we have settled the Oregon question ! My con- j
science! what a time, if we had had a fight with ;
Great Britain ! If we cannot live under this, with- j
out being driven to these straits, what would we «
have done if we had got into a fight with John I
Bull? Although I did complain that this treaty on i
49° was entered into, and that what the President
and his Secretary of State had declared, and what
we believed, to be our "clear and unquestionable"
right, was compromised away; stiif, if we are to 1
be brought down to the last article of taxation—tea j
and coffce, I will never more complain of that treaty •
being made: although it did look like taking a little i
advantage of us in getting the whole of Texas in
first! They struck out the tea and cotiee tax from i
the tariff bill—they got that through; they are go- ;
ing to try to put it on now: another measure just ■
like the Texas and Oregon concern! a part and
parcel of the same system of legerdemain ! a game ■ i
of plunder of the North ! !
iSTow, f suppose there is no necessity for my
going on to say anything about the justice of this ,:
tea and coffee tax, or the principle of'it; but I will
support no measure of taxation that grinds the r
poor laborer on the canal, the mechanic, the farmer l'
of my district, and brings him up to pay the same ,,
or a greater degree of taxation than'the rich man i;
pays. Whilst the poor are called upon to pour '■
out, and are pouring out freely, their blood in de- !
fence of their country, 1 demand that the rich ^
should pay out of their purses. The poor are not
to fight the battles and pay the taxes too. John '■
Jai-ob Asfor would pay perhaps fifty cents tea tax; !''
and I suppose I have constituents who are not ■
worth a single dollai, who out of the earnings of :
their hands would pay more than John Jacob As-
tvr! h don't look like—it ain't democratic. I '•
profess to be democratic in principle and in heart;
and I will not vote lo tax the poor as much as the .1
rich. I go far equalizing the taxes for the suonort 1
of the Government as near as may be upon the ■'
people m proportion to their ability to pay. That 'i
is the real democracy—the old-fashioned democ- :
racy. I go the whole ho<r, or none, upon all oc- !'
casinos, in carrying out the principles of the de- |'
mocratic creed, I care not who bids me to the !!
contrary. Free tea and free coifee—yes, and free I
territory; that's written on my banner. Now,
gentlemen may refer to their constituents, and 11
pretend to a gieat deal of indignation, and ask, '<
Why, do you pretend that we' have a man in
our Congressional district who has not patriotism
enough to pay a tea and coffee tax for the support
of the Government in a war? I do believe all our
people have patriotism enough, and are willing to
pay any amount of tax in support of a war, and
so they have been found, and ever will be. But
while the poor man pays in his own blood, do you
think it right that he should pay more in money
than John Jacob Astor? That is the question; anci
if any individual here calculates to be a candi-
date for reelection, and goes before his people with
that kind of demagoguism for the purpose of sup-
porting this tax, let his opponent take the other
view of the subject, and ask the people if they are
; willing to sustain any principle of taxation which 1
' throws the burden from the lich and places it upon j
; the poor. This very issue brought our forefathers
! to the field, and their sons are unworthy the rich i
; legacy they left them if they do not resist it. Sir, ■
; I have eight dollars a day here, and I have men in ;
j my district who do not earn eight dollars a month, !
! and yet my portion of this tea and coffee tax, I
| venture to say, would not be so high as theirs. ;
' Gentlemen should lemember that the consumer .
! not only has to pay this tax, but he also has to '
I pay an immense amount of merchants5 profits
' thereon, fiom the time-it comes from the custom- '
; house to the time it reaches the last retail store in
1 the distant parts of the country. And all these indi- •
I viduais around the galleries and lobbies of this '
l' House, who are electioneering to have us tax tea J
ji and coffee, calculate to make their hundreds of i
|] thousands by it off the poor people! And they are :
lj going to read me out of the Democratic party for :
|! adhering to the old and uniform pilnciple of our ,
j( paity! Sir, bring on the guillotine, and tins little
District of Columbia could not contain the heads 1
of the millions of free white laboreis which would
be taken off.
Now, Mr. Chairman,! contend that this tax on
I tea and coffee would be a sectional tax—entirely
so. I find there are but forty-eight votes recorded 1
! in favor of it, on the resolution which I offered; ,
1 and only nine were from the free States. Four of
' them voted for Mr. Burt's Oregon amendment; ji
1 seven' voted against the improvement of the :!
; northern harbors. 1
| I believe you will find all who are against the ;l
' Wihnot proviso, when brought to the test, to be '
; in favor of taxing tea and coffee. I wish to keep I1
these things together, to compare them. The poor 1
white man's friend will always oppose slavery,
: because no freeman can ever afford to work at so ■
low wages as a slave. Now, every man from the :
slave States, with a very few exceptions, voted in ;
favor of a tea and coffee tax; eight only voted
■ against it; and all, I believe, from regions where
free labor is predominant: and one of these is
known to this House as gentleman sympathizing
with the laboring and mechanical interest to the
full extent, if not more than any other member
here. Sir, I sent his speech home to my constit-
uents, and they were particularly pleased with it.
If you ask who it is, I call your mind to a little
scene which took place on this floor at the last ses-
sion of Congress. When a graduate of West
Point undertook to throw some aspersions upon
the laboring men, who was it that stood up so ably
and breasted the storm of aristocracy, and defended
the rights of the poor man, the laborer, and the
mechanic? Who was it that made every republi-
can bosom beat with joy, when he showed the com-
plete triumph of the self-made man over the pro-
tege of the General Government ? I find that man,
as I expected to find him, against taxing tea and
coffee. I might go on still further; but gentlemen
might say I was guilty of flattery. I will call
your attention, however, to two prominent mem-
bers of this House, from Virginia, who went
against this tax. They live in the mountain re-
gions, where competence is wealth, and almost
every man has to perform his own labor.
Sir, we have a southern President, a southern :
Secretary of the Treasury, and a southern chair- 1
man of the Committee of Ways and Means; and !
we have a southern Organ." Not one of these
great interests is represented by an individual ,
from the free States—not one. Why, take up the >
u Union," and day after day you find a lecture, a I
long homily upon this subject, which reminds me ;
very much of an old song, entitled " the Washing i
Day," which runs thus: j
•scold, scold— {
{It's thump, thump-
Fret, fret away;
Not a bit of comfort yet
Upon a washing day." [Laughter.]
Just so about this tax on tea and coffee. It is
" scold," " scold," all the time. And how many
votes do they suppose they have changed? Why,
what a scene did we exhibit the other day? A
gentleman from Maryland, a slave State, moved
an amendment to the loan bill, to tax tea and cof-
fee. He walks down in good faith with several
other gentlemen in favor of that interest, and goes
through the tellers. Some of the moie prudent
managers of this tax party say, 44 It won't do;
don't go through the tellers, andenable the Whigs,
with your aid, to get a majority, so as to carry this
I amendment into the House, and there get a vote
i by yeas and nays, and thus again expose the weak-
I ness of the Administration on this measure."
| They hindered as many of the friends of the meas-
< ure as they could; and I saw three men, after they
j had gone through, go and change their votes to the
; other side. The whole Whig party then went
| through the tellers, in order to bring us to the yeas
j and nays in the House; and it was as much as wc
| all could do to save the Democratic tax party again
| from defeat in this House. We licked them by
j four votes; it was one of the best things \ye have
1 managed this session. [A laugh.] I take no
j pleasure in exposing the extreme weakness of my
j brethren opposed to me in this matter. Now, to
| show the tactics, or the tick-td.es, of our "Organ,"
let us see what it said about it. After the whole
1 Whig party had gone through the tellers, in order
j to get us recorded on the yeas and nays, outcomes
I " Father Ritchie," and says:
j " The country wiil, we doubt not, be glad to learn that in
j the votes on the loan bill, the majority by winch the wartm
I o.t toa ami coffee was! ln3t win only four votes ThN civea
. g)od ground to hop.' thai tiie measure may yet prevail."
Thus the Whig.s aimed a blow at the Adminis-
' tration, and arc applauded by the Organ;" and
! that blow is stmt forth to the world as public sen-
timent in this House. A man of Mr. Ritchie's
respectability in this country ought not to send
' forth such a document. Why not? Because the
: importers of the city of New York, foreseeing this
j tax, or thinking, from the advice of the Union,
| they foresee it, raise the price of their tea. Every
, wholesale and every retail dealer, and every country
! merchant, will raise the price of his tea' and cof-
1 fee, and say a heavy duty is la id upon it, or it will
! be, for, from the Union, [a laugh,] which I take, I
; see it was lost by only four votes, and it will be
; probably carried before my next paper reaches
i me.
; Speaking of These Whigs, I to not wish to
abuse them, as I want them for a very good use
when this " three million bill" comes up. I want
to make use of their aid to draw our northern
1 Democrats [a laugh] up to the yeas and nays on
the Wilmot proviso. I hope their motto on that
day will be, " No dodging;" 1 hope they will give
: us the South and North; I hope, too, that the
' southern chivalry, despising anything like this art-
ful system of dodging, will also come up and carry
| the yeas and nays, and drive our northern Demo-
crats to the record on the Wilmot proviso. Let
us see who are the northern men wishing slaves
j imported into a country now free.
; Mr. .TONES, of Georgia, here interposed, and
inquired if the gentleman himself voted on the
i yeas and nays on the tariff bill of 1846.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (in reply.) Most men
in this House know that I was called away from
this House by the sickness of a child, (all ] had,)
which resulted in his4eath; and there is 110 gen-
tleman, I presume, but will consider this a suffi-
cient apology for my absence. But I was here
on the final passage of the tariff bill, and ray vote
will speak fin- itself. I was assailed for that vote by
the Whigs in my district; I went before my con-
stituents; I was reelected by double my previous
majority. My eouise was fully sustained, and I
should take the same again. I doubt whether there
is a single member of this House that is recorded
so often on the yeas and nays as I am. On that
point I challenge an examination of the journal. I,
sir, never dodge.
Now, I have taken up several New England pa-
pers, and they say, the reason why Wentwortii
introduced that tea and coffee resolution was be-
cause he was mad about the President's veto of the
harbor and river bill of the last session. I wonder
if the New Hampshire Democrats are mad on that
point! I wonder if the Maine Democrats, or the
