1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman from Vermont, of the Democratic party,
are influenced by these reasons to go against th'is
tax on tea and coffee! Every one knows that so far
as I am concerned, and so far as most of us are
concerncd, before our constituents, our views are
more distincly known upon this subject of fYee tea
and free coffee than upon the improvement of har-
• bors and rivers. Why, there never was a Whig
in my district that ever pretended to charge me
with being in favor of a tax on tea and coffee.
They have charged me frequently with not doing
enough for the improvement of harbors and rivers,
but they have never charged, or dreamed of char-
ging, me with favoring a tax on tea and coffee; and
yet, because I will not turn round at a whistle,
and abandon the sentiments of my whole life, and
go for a tax on tea and coffee, they say I am mad
because the President vetoed the river and harbor
lull! If there ever was a false charge in the world
that is one.
And notonly so, but when they make the charge,
they know they tell a falsehood, and know that
Mr. Polk came in as President of the United States
in favor of free tea and coffee; and yet they say
we of the North and Northwest are mad, because
the President vetoed our river and harbor bill, and
vote against taxing tea and coffee on that ground.
Was "our chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means mad about the veto, when he moved
to strike it from the tariff bill > If one Democrat
in this country is more conspicuous than another
in favor of free tea and free coffee, that man is
Levi Woodbury, of New Hampshire. Was he
mad, because the President vetoed the river and
harbor bill ? Was he mad years before the propo-
sition came up ? And yet these men are holding
lip the friendship to the impiovenient of harbors
as a reason for voting against this tax on tea and
coffee. By the way, General Jackson was always
for our lake harbors, and for free tea and coffee
besides. Why, it is the veriest humbug and false-
hood in the world. Sir, I don't, like some men,
because they can't carry their points on one thing,
get mad at my party. Because I can't carry one
article in my creed, and I see it gone, I cling the
stronger to the other articles, lest they also, may
be taken away. Sir, if we lost a portion of Ore-
gon—yes, sir, lost a portion of Oregon, and now
have taken from us also the privilege of havbors
and rivers, I will never abandon this free tea and
free coffee until that is taken away also by the
same surreptitious course; and when that is taken
away, even then I will not join the Whigs, but I
will still cling to what there is left of the democrat-
ic principles. Gentlemen call this a war tax. Pray,
how long is the war to last' Have they read the
Secretary's report of February 1st? He there
says:
" Should eitlier of these alternatives be adoptod, it is re-
spectfully suggested, that th^ credit of the Government
would best be maintained by pledain? the new and additional
duties to the payment of the pmicipal and interest of any
loans already aulhoiized by Congress during the present ns?-
sion, and to terminate when these loans shall be paid in
full."
Yes, sir, "to terminate token these loans shall be
paid in full." Now,our last loan is to run twenty-
years, and this tax is to run that length of time,
and no longer, unless a longer loan is raised. Do
gentlemen "see anything green" in us that they
attempt this game? Why, it is intended as a per-
manent tax, and it is of no use to deny it. This
tax, as I have shown, was reported in the original
bill, and was only struck out to he revived again
when the bill should be passed. To have pressed
it then would have lost us the bill.
Now, sir, in reference to reading out of the party.
J have heard several gentlemen insinuate that my
democracy had got to be rather doubtful; and I
have seen several democratic papers that have in-
sinuted that I had gone nearly over to the'Whigs.
Now, I say, let him that is without spot or blemish
cast the first stone ! Now, I want those who were
for 49°, when the President was for 54° 40', to
read me out of the party if they can. Then I
want those who were for 54° 40', when the Presi-
dent was for 49°, [a laugh] to read me out of the
party; and then I want the whole Democracy of
Pennsylvania, who voted against the new tariff,
[renewed laughter] to say a word about my being
read out of the party. Let them look at home.
Let those of the Democracy who went against the
President on the French spoliation bill appeal to
my votes to show that I am not in the Democratic
party, and those who went against the Adminis-
tration on the famous Wilmot proviso read me out
of the party, and those who voted against the lieu-
tenant general, [a laugh;] and then tfctose who voted
for volunteers when the Administration was in
favor of regulars; and then those who went against
the land*graduation bill  and against the veto of
the harbor and river bill, read me out of the party.
And if there is a single individual Democrat in this
House without spot or blemish, if there is such an
anomaly, in these days of legislative independence,
let him stand up in his place and say, You go out:
and I don't know but I would promise to go. But
he is the only man that could undertake to censure
me; and he is the one who may. I know my
friend from Indiana here [Mr. Wick] would not
attempt it, although he acknowledged the other
day that he was trying as hard as he could to fol-
low in the footsteps of the Administration.
Mr. WICK, interposing, said his expressions
the other day had been misinterpreted.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he was glad to hear
it.
But, (continued Mr. W.,) as I was saying, I
have occasionally got out of the traces of what men
call here the party. I have made no extra profes-
sions of a desire, in this matter, to follow the Ad-
ministration, for I look upon this House as a
branch of the Government, as independent as the
Executive himself. I take an oath at your desk to
support the Constitution to the best of my ability.
I am sent here to represent my constituents, if
my constituents want me to go for the extension
of the Cumberland road, I go for it—the President
to the contrary notwithstanding. If they want
harbors, I do the same. 1 do not blame the Presi-
dent for his executive independence, nor the Senate
for its. And I do not care if they blame the House
for its independence. If we cannot resist them
when we believe them wrong, we can resign, and
the people will elect others who can.
A majority of this House is entitled to as much
respect as the voice of the Senate, or the voice of
the Executive; and m so far as the matter is view- J
ed in a party light, a majority of this House has j
as much ri°ht to dictate, and say what the Demo- j
cratio creed is, as a majority of the Senate, or the i
President himself; for it is this House, or the peo- j
pie whom we represent, that make the President. ,
A majority of this House have declared against |
taxing tea and coffee—a majority of the Democratic I
party in this House; and that must be the Demo-
cratic creed just as much as the voice of the Presi-
dent, who now goes the other way. And I shall
stand up to it, despite all the efforts that may he
made to read me out of the party. Now about the
veto power. So far from being opposed to him
on that account, I will be more liberal with him
than he is with us. He vetoes one of our bills,
and he says, " Pass it by two-thirds, and it shall
be the law." He sends a bill to us, and we say,
though opposed to it, " If you can get a majority
at all, it shall be a law." So the Senate often
vetoes his nominations and bills too; and we also
veto Senate bills. Sir, I want men to remember
the constitutional privileges of each of the three
branches of this Government, and not to set angry
because they do not always agree. They were i
made to be checks upon each other. But may I
not claim sometimes to have the mantle of charity
thrown over me, if I, in exercising my constitu-
tional rights, differ with this House, or with the
Senate, or with the President, where the interests
of my people are involved ? And I call the atten- j
tion of this House, in justification for an occasional
wandering, to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Wick,] who did acknowledge that he got wrong
once—who did acknewledge that on the river and
harbor bill he voted in the affirmative, against the <
President; but when the President vetoed the bill, I
he took the back track. If he errs unintentionally, !
when striving so hard to keep straight, why may ;
not others, who look only to the wants and inter- !
ests of their people at home ? The only difference
between the gentleman and myself, I suspect, is,
that I cannot turn so short a corner. I try as hard
to start right as he does. Tell me at any time
what the voice of the Democratic party is. and
what sound Democratic principle is, and that is
what I rely upon and hold to. I take every pains
to start with the gentleman, but when I get upon
the road, if the President goes back T cannot go
back until I get convinced. I wish to keep right
along; I can't abandon or change my straightfor-
ward course. On Oregon, he it was who started
me wrong. Had he come out fo^ 49° at first, w©
54° 40' men would have no excuse.
Now,-Mr. Chairman, I suppose that there are
crises that would induce me to vote to tax tea and
coffee. That would be the same state of things as
now exists in Mexico, where the mothers and
daughters throw their jewelry into the national
treasury. That is the only crisis.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, " defined my posi-
tion." No doubt there is an honest difference of
opinion on this side of the House as to taxing tea
and coffee; and that difference will be found to
run upon Mason and Dixon's line. That is the
line of difference; you'll find it so. And if this
Government can't be carried on by the slave inter-
est, as it now is, rather than see the Government
entirely fail, I beg them as a matter of patriotism
to withdraw, and let some men from the free States
take hold of the reins of Government, and see if
we can't p'ossibly carry it on for a little while; and
if that can't be done, why, rather than see the credit
of the Government irretrievably lost, I might con-
sent to see this burden placed upon what ought
always to be considered the last resort of taxation,
the beveiage of the old women and old children.
[A laugh, and a voice, "Old children!"], Yes;
in some countries they call single ladies, very much
advanced in years, " Old children!"—[Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. W. was proceeding further, when he was
arrested by the Chairman's hammer.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON next obtained the
floor, and addressed the committee during his
hour. He commenced by laying down the propo-
sition, and invoking the attention of the House
while he proceeded to demonstrate it, that the
Executive and the Secretary of the Treasury were
both against laying a tax on tea and coffee, [a gen-
eral laugh.] He happened to be one of those who
were so unfortunate, or so fortunate, as the case
might be, as to be opposed to this tax. He knew
wc had some politicians of so enlarged and com-
prehensive views of national policy, that when an
individual stops to discuss or consider a question
of such insignificance as the raising two and a hgjf
millions by tax on tea and coffee, it looks to them
if not contemptible, at least very demagoguical.
He was not so much opposed to this tax on ac-
count of the amount which it would raise from the
laboring classes, nor did he believe it would great-
ly affect the interests of those who would have it
to pay; yet there was a principle involved, to the
violation of which he could not give his assent,
until the country was reduced to a much greater
strait, than was at present the case.
But he had said that he believed the President
of the United States and the" Secretary of the
Treasury, were both against laying a tax on tea
and coffee, and he proceeded to advert to facts to
prove it. He first referred to the reduced and
waning state of the treasury when the Whig
Congress assembled in extra session in 1841, con-
voked by General Harrison; to the necessity then
existing for opening new sources of revenue un-
der the restrictions of the compromise act—one of
the most important ever placed on the statute
book; and to the action of the House, which irt
order not to interfere with the compromise, went
out into the free list, and, among other articles,
selected tea and coffee on which to lay a tax. If
the occasion ever presented itself, or could present
itself, he said, when it was necessary and proper to
tax tea and coffee, it was in 1841. The bill passed
the House with a tax on tea and coffee; it went to
the Senate, and that tax was there stricken out! By
whom? By the Democratic paity; so much were
they opposed at that time to laying a duty on tea
and coffee. It was made a party measure; they rang
the party changes on it from one extreme of the
Union to the other, and especially and particularly
in the section from which he came. When that
measure was before the Senate, Mr. Walker, the
present Secretary of the Treasury, opposed the tax
on tea and coifee, and in lieu thereof offered an
amendment to the bill to lay a tax of twenty per cent.
ad valorem on gold and silver ware, plate, <fcc. He
[Mr. W.] estimated that the value of these arti-
cles was double the amount of the circulating me-
dium in the country, or about one hundred and
sixty millions; the duty of twenty per cent, there-
on, which he proposed, would bring thirty-two
millions of revenue. This was his estimate and
his plan at that time.
Mr. J. read at some length from Mr. Walker's
