314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
spcech on that occasion, with the view (as he said)
of proving two things: first, that Mr. Walker was
satisfied in his own mind that a sufficient amount
of revenue could be raised from taxing gold and
silver, and at the same time that he was utterly-
opposed to a tax on tea and coffee. If it was ex-
pedient and proper to tax gold and silver plate in
1841, was it not equally so now? And was not
the principle equally just?
He also referred to Mr. Benton's position—who
himself modestly said that his name had been con-
nected with the lieutenant-generalship, and whose
self-conceit and esteem were such as if there was a
vacancy in the office of vicegerent of the universe,
lie would think himself qualified for it—and read
from his speech also opposing the tax on tea and
coffee, and proposing as a source of revenue a tax
on the bank circulation of the country.
He recurred to Mr. Walker, examining his re-
port, as Secretary of the Treasury, at the present J
session, in which he held that this tax on tea and
coffee, if laid after the 1st of January of this year,
would be useless—noticing other parts of said re-
port, and arguing therefrom, when taken in con-
nexion with Mr. Walker's position in 1841, his
hostility to taxing tea and coffee.
He wished to exonerate the Democratic party
from the charge of favoring a tax on these articles.
In his State they were opposed to it. They had
passed resolutions in the Legislature and in pri-
mary meetings in Tennessee, condemning it, and
condemning the Whig party for their support of it
in 1841. In fact, in his State both parties were
opposed to it; and he knew that the people of his
Slate would be astounded at the charge that this
tax was now brought seriously before the country
as a Democratic measure.
Mr. J. believed the President himself was op-
posed to it, and referred to his message itself at the
commencement of the present session in proof; in
which, speaking of the imposition of a duty on
certain articles on the free list, he says, " If Con- ]
gressdo it," (or words to that effect.) Mr. J. trust- i
ed and hoped that Congress would not do it; he did
n£t believe, that the exigencies of the country le-
quired it. But on this point he more particularly
relied upon u speech of Mr. Polk, delivered at
Nashville, October, 1841, in which he took decided
ground against taxing tea and coffee, branding it
as a federal measure.
In further exhibiting the position of the Demo-
cratic party on this question, he rererred to the op-
position to this duty of Mr. A. V. Brown, the pres-
snt Executive of Tennessee, the friend, adviser,
and counsellor of the President, when in Congress
in 1841; and to the speeches and votes on the same
side of the question, and at the same time, of
Messrs. Buchanan, Walker, Clifford, and John-
son, four members of the present Cabinet. The
gentleman from Alabama also, [Mr. Payne,] who
was so rampant the other day in favor of taxing
tea and coffee, and whose contortions were so vio-
lent as to threaten injury to himself, if not to gen-
tlemen around him, also voted against this tax in
1841.
He characterized the vote of the small band of
forty-seven, who voted in fas or of this proposition
the other day, as the first indication of the forma-
tion of a new party—the tea and coffee tax party.
But it was said, in this time of war, if you would
not tax tea and coffee, you go against supplies.
Was not such a charge ridiculous, even if the
time had not passed by when the Secretary of the
Treasury said it would do any good> What was
the amount which it was calculated would be
raised by it? Why, two millions and a half! And
we had already authorized the borrowing of twen-
ty-eight millions. It was ridiculous; it was char-
latanism to put forth the pretext that this mighty
Government would be brought to a stand because
we would not tax those articles of prime necessity,
tea and coffee, which, according to their own esti-
mates, would not raise more than two millions and
a half of dollar*.
Being unwilling, then, to tax tea and coffee, and
considering it settled that this tax would not be
levied, Mr. J. proceeded affirmatively to indicate
what he would do. He would vote for as many
men as were necessary to prosecute the war, and
for the appropriation of every dollar of expense
incurred; and he would go for taxation for supply,
and for retrenchment in expenses in those depart-
ments of the Government where it could be made,
lie referred to, and reaffirmed the positions taken
by him last session, and went into an expose of
his plan of revenue, by taxing gold and silverware,
pleasure carriages, gold and silver watches, bank-
ing capital and circulation, retrenching in the ex-
penditures of the civil list, repealing the act estab-
lishing theSmithsonianInstitution,&c.; estimating
the probable amounts to be derived from these
several sources, and maintaining that an excess
would result therefrom and still remain in the treas-
ury, after paying off the national debt, and meet-
ing current expenses.
These means he would adopt, and all rational
and necessary means, to uphold the credit of the
Government, and amply sustain it in its present
exigencies.
Mr. WICK then obtained the floor, and pro-
ceeded to reply to the remarks of Messrs. Went-
worth and Delano; but mainly of the former]
gentleman. j
After drawing a broad distinction between prin- |
ciples of Democracy, which were unchangeable,
and measures adopted as expedient by the Demo-
cratic party, which might vary with circumstan-
ces, he went on to say that it was news to him
that any were attempted to be read out of the Dem-
ocratic party. He had heard that some gentle- j
men, if they persisted in their course, might, very |
possibly, in time, read themselves out. As yet, i
he held his friend from Illinois just a leetle better
than a Whig.
As to the speeches he had quoted to show that
leading Democrats had once opposed a tax on tea
and coffee, there was nothing new in that. The
gentleman admitted his own constituency weie
stupid; but did lie think the House were to be
humbugged by such references as these? Since
the time these speeches were made, the circum-
stances of the country had changed.
Mr. W. had no fears at home on this subject.
And where he found ultraisms, not founded in
principle, existing in the district of any member
of Congress, he always suspected them to have
been cherished, if not created, by himself. Noth-
ing was easier than to get up opposition to taxa-
tion among the most honest people in the world.
These deceptions might last for a time; but at last
the people would understand the demagogue; his
ultraisms would fall, and he with them; and when
he fell, he fell, like Lucifer, never to rise again.
Mr. W. contended that, so far as his own dis-
trict was concerned, Whigs and Democrats (with
a few exceptions in the ranks of the former) dif-
fered from the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano]
in these respects—that they thought the war a just
j and necessary war, and were ready to sustain'the
j needful taxes and expenditures which might be
requisite to bung it to a successful issue.
As to the objection that a tax on tea and coffee
worked unequally on North and South, so would
all direct taxation. It must do so, because north-
ern laborers consumed so much more of taxable
articles than slaves did. All taxation must at last
be drawn from labor, for none but laborers were
producers.
Mr. W. replied to the charge in regard to his
vote on the veto of the river and harbor bill, de-
fending his own course in sustaining the President,
and denying that there had been any of the dodging
; which had been charged. The fact thathehad voted
for the bill in the first instance, was to be attributed
to a mere oversight on his part; since, if he had un-
derstood what its provisions were, it never should
have received his vote.
Mr. W ft NT W ORTH asked if the bill had not
been discussed day after day in committee, and
whether the yeas and nays had not been called on
it in the House several times?
Mr. WICK admitted it all; but still he had not
; then examined the bill. The bill contained appro-
; priations for harbors where God had made none,
. and man could not.
j Mr. WENTWORTH asked him to specify.
| Mr. WICK referred to Little Fort, on Lake
! Michigan.
Mr. WENTWORTH said the gentleman had
i been grossly misinformed.
j Mr. WICK said he stood corrected, and pro-
} ceeded—
1 Where piers were begun, there was no objection
; to appropriations for their completion. The ap-
I propriations for rivers had been m language too
i general and comprehensive. If it had been more
j explicit, so as to guard against the violation of State
' rights, there might have been less objection to it.
As to the alleged distinction between the North
and South on the tax of tea and coffee, his people
knew of no such distinctions; and a man that
would come there to talk about them would
meet the same reception as a lecturer on aboli-
tion. With the settlement of the Oregon question
they were very well content, and heartily glad the
difficulty was over.
Mr. W. denied that the Missouri compromise
had any legal application to new territory now to
be acquired. As a matter of right, it wns indefen-
sible, though many might deem it expedient.
Mr. W. defended his own rider to the Wilmot
proviso, on the ground that he had offered it pur-
posely to make that measure odious and prevent
its adoption. His constituents looked on that
proviso as a peace-breaker—a truce-breaker; and,
not understanding how a man might be kicked into
a measure by those at home, they scarce did justice
to those who introduced it. He denounced it as a
wedge to break in pieces the Democratic party.
Mr. W. denounced Mr. Wbntworth as taking
a delight in bringing the party into tribulation. It
was a base bird that fouled its own nest.
As to legislating about territory before we got
it, he recommended gentlemen to Mrs. Glass's
recipe, which began, " first catch your fish."
Among other topics, Mr. W. noticed what Mr.
Wentworth had said about folio wing him through
his district and seeing how his people liked a tax
on their tea and coffee, in preference to a tax on
the rich man's plate, watches, &c. But after the
gentleman had followed him, and recommended
his tax on gold and silver ware, &c., Mr. W.
would come, in turn, after him, and tell them that
this was to be a direct tax, and that Federal tax-
gatherers were to come and poke their noses into
their cabins, inventory their little property, and
put them to their book oath as to what they owned;
and then the gentleman would be blown sky-high,
and never seen or heard of again.
Mr. W. argued that a tax might be very proper
and necessary in war, which was not so in peace.
To lay it in time of peace might be Federal, and
in time of war, Democratic; and so with loans and
regiments of regulars.
In matters where principle was not concerned, a
party must have some rallying point; and he con-
tended that Executive recommendations were that
point, in preference to the notions of any private
member of the party. When he could not follow
these, he should resign, and his people would send
some one who could or would.
Mr. W. had no doubt the tax on tea and coffee
would fail; and it would be by the dissension of the
Democrats, throwing the balance of power into the
hands of the Whigs, who were only following their
vocation, having; a carte blanche to do anything that
would unhorse the Democratic Administration.
Mr. W. having concluded, the chairman gave
the floor to Mr. Severance.
The committee then rose and reported its action
on the Military Academy bill, and progress on the
Civil and Diplomatic Bill.
The Military Academy bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time, and passed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 3, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
credentials of the Hon. Pierre Soule, (Democrat,)
elected a Senator of the United States by the
Legislature of the State of Louisiana for the un-
expired term of the Hon. Alexander Barrow,
deceased.
The credentials having been read, Mr. Soule
was qualified, and took his scat.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate, requesting him to inform the Senate wheth-
er any funds of the Government, and if any, what
amount, have been remitted from the Atlantic States
to New Orleans, or to the disbursing officers of the
American army in Mexico, since the 1st of Sep-
tember last; and, if remitted, in what funds remit-
ted—whether in gold and silver coin, treasury
notes, bank notes, or bank checks; and if in whole
or in part remitted in gold and silver, what has
been the expense to the Government of each of
