316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
h&d nothing to do with party. He was above all
party. He sought for no party approbation. He
desired the approbation of his country. He ap-
prehended that, if it were known how little Gener-
al Taylor busied himself about politics, parties, or
political operations—how exclusively devoted he
was to the service of the country—the knowledge
of that fact would shield him from every unkind
suspicion on the part of any honorable member of
that body. General Taylor was far from being a
political partisan, much less was he actuated by
that sort of spirit which seemed to give complex-
ion to this resolution. The whole country had
received the intelligence of the surprising achieve-
ments of our little army under the gallant leading
of General Taylor with satisfaction, mingled with
surprise at the singular success which had attended
those operations. Conducted, as they were, under
circumstances of extreme difficulty and embarrass-
ment, he believed they were not surpassed by any- i
thing of the kind that had ever occurred m the I
history of the world. And now, when the coun-
cils of the country were called upon to express the
publicgratitude,called forth by those great achieve-
ments, why should they give way to that sort of
spirit which would prompt them to look for some
circumstance that would dim the glory of the
achievements, and to qualify their expression of
approbation in such a manner as to make it doubt-
ful in the construction and the opinion of the
world, whether they did not intend to dim the
lustre of his renown, and to drug the very cup
which they were holding to his lips.-' He was
sure such was not the feeling of his honorable
friend opposite; he was certain that he was act-
ing with perfect candor; but he would humbly
submit to him that he had taken too much of a
party view, and therefore an erroneous one. It
was not usual to stop to inquire, after a great vic-
tory had been won, whether the action could have
been better fought, if managed in some other way.
It was enough that a victory had been gained, no
matter what the oider of battle might be, whether
gained by the superior exertions of the centre, or
o£ the left wing, or of the right wing. General
Taylor had done all that was expected of him. He
had evinecd all the skill of an accomplished gen-
eral, and all the courage and valor of a perfect sol-
dier. Then why examine the matter with so criti-
cal an eye, to endeavor to find something which
would diminish the glory of his achievements—to
find out some little circumstance, and to grasp at
it, in order to convey a sentiment of disapproval?
He did not speak of the motives of gentlemen. He
spoke of the resolution and of the interpretation
which would be put upon it by the woild. It would
bear upon its face evidence that they did not ap-
prove of the armistice. And pray, what did they
know about the armistice, which would enable them
to determine whether it should be a subject of ap-
proval or otherwise? Some gentlemen whom he
had heard converse upon this subject, not in Con-
gress, but out of it, seemed to entertain the expec-
tation that General Taylor, ^ ith his slender forces,
exhausted by a three days' battle, should have
rushed upon thousands of their intrenched adver-
saries, and have forced them to an unconditional
surrender. Would any of those who cavilled here
have done so? General Taylor had but about five
thousand disposable tioops at the end of the bat-
tle, and it was expected that those brave fellows,
exhausted with three days' fighting, would have
rushed, bayonet in hand, upon the enemy, nine
thousand in number, strongly fortified as they were,
and have^ made them prisoners. It was an easy
matter to talk of these things at their firesides, but
he would venture to say, that the opinions of those
who were upon the spot—the opinions of such men
as Worth, Davis, and Henderson,as well as of Gen-
eral Taylor himself—were worth more than any
judgment that misrht be formed by those who were
not connectcd with the battle, and had no partici-
pation in it.
In regard to the armistice, what could have been
done morn than had been done, if the armistice had
not been agreed upon ? After such a victory and
such a battle, the army could have done nothing: for
two months at least, whilst the armistice would have
the effect of paralyzing the enemy, if it were faith-
fully observed during the time of its continuance.
The very fact of assenting to an armistice, on the
part of General Taylor, proved him to be a man of
sound judgment as well a? o" humane feeling. The
armistice afforded him time for obtaining supplies,
and restoring the vigor of his own little army,
while it afforded to the women and children of the
beleaguered city time to escape the horrors which
would attend the sacking of a town by a triumph-
ant soldiery. There was nothing to find fault
about, What would their army have done if no
armistice had been agreed upon? They required
time. Military men were the best judges of this
matter; they who stand upon the point of honor,
who were trained to that sentiment, who lived and
died for honor, and who appreciated above all
things honor that was conferred upon them by
their country. What would they think of this
obliterated compliment ? This uncertain mark of
approbation ? How would such a hesitating com-
pliment be received by the army after winning
such a battle as that? How would it be thought
of when it was perceived that Senators here were
endeavoring to qualify the matter so as to go
against General Taylor or in his favor, according
as the tide of war or the tide of politics might
turn ? When they perceived them taking a sort of
neutral betwixt and between position, ready to
take shelter under the armistice, and to vote ap-
proval and disapproval at the same time ? How
was the army likely to receive this thing, which
they intended, not only as a reward for past good
conduct, but as an incentive to further achieve-
ments and further victories? Would it be so ? The
next time they fought—the next time they ac-
complished a brilliant achievement, what thanks
would they have to expect? If an expression of
approbation was to be of any worth or of any
value at all, it must come entirely free and unre-
strained. It must come to them as freely as the
rain falls from heaven. If they attempted to qualify
the matter, they would destroy the compliment. It
would turn that which they intended as a compli-
ment to very dust and ashes. He hoped the propo-
sition of the Senator from Mississippi to amend
the resolution, would be adopted.
Mr. SEVIER replied, that in relation to Gen-
eral Taylor, he had no doubt there was no better
or braver man in the army, and he would be the
last man to cast censure upon him. He had, how-
evei,awordof reply to make to the gentleman
from Kentucky. That honorable Senator said
that all the military men at Monterey were in favor
of the capitulation. Now, he believed a letter had
been published on this subject from General Hen-
derson to General Taylor, in which it was stated
that the capitulation was made by order of General
Taylor; and that he and General Worth were op-
posed to it. This capitulation had also undergone
a review by the Government, and it was disap-
proved of there. Here, where the facts were all
made known, the capitulation and armistice weie
disapproved, as he understood. This was not de-
signed as a censure of General Taylor, as thanks
were given to him for the battles. He thought,
however, there could be no very great objection to
this proviso being stricken out.
But how long was it since another distinguished
military man (General Jackson) was before this
Senate, on whom a fine had been imposed of some
I one or two thousand dollars, from which they
! wished to relieve him? But two or three years.
! And what was the course of gentlemen on the other
• side 011 that occasion? They then endeavored to
■ attach to that bill a proviso equally objectionable
| with the present. They wished to incorporate
j disclaimers m that bill, that they might not be com-
1 mitted. It seemed that parties changed as the
! times changed, and Senators could change with
circumstances.
| Mr. S. would not, however, say another word on
i that subject. His object now was to leave the
j capitulation an open question. He found there
i were those here who had reviewed all the circum-
1 stances of that fight. He found there was a letter
j from General Henderson expressing his disap-
: proval of the capitulation; and was it then asking
; too much, when voting these thanks, that they
should not be committed to other matters ? and that
this point, which had been heretofore disapproved,
; should be left an open question? If it were irrel-
1 evant, he would not put it there; but it had been
| reported to the Senate, it had been disapproved by
| the department, whether properly or improperly,
i he would not undertake to say.
i Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON" inquired if the
| Senator from Arkansas meant to say that the de-
; partment had disapproved of the capitulation as
' well as the armistice.
Mr. SEVIER had so understood.
Mr. R. JOHNSON replied that there was no
document which exhibited that fact. They had
no evidence of it.
Mr. SEVIER reiterated that such was his im-
pression, that both the capitulation and the armis-
tice had been disapproved. He again repeated that
General Henderson's letter represented that the
capitulation and armistice were made by order of
General Taylor.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON hoped the Senator from
Arkansas would be reconciled to the motion to
strike out the proviso. He regretted that on this
occasion, when they were about to give a vote of
thanks to the General who had led their victorious
armies, that the remarks of the Senator from Ark-
ansas should have taken such a course. That
Senator had spoken of "this side" and "the other
side," as if there could be more than one side in
this matter. Why, he trusted and hoped and must
believe, that the gentlemen on the other side the
Chamber were as "ready to return thanks to their
gallant soldiers as any gentleman on this side. He
trusted it was not possible that any feeling could
be cherished, either on one side of this question or
the other, from the mere circumstance that General
Taylor has entertained political opinions on one
side or the other.
The gentleman from Arkansas was mistaken,
when he said that the department had disapproved
the capitulation. They disapproved the armistice
and directed him to terminate it, and he did so in
puisuance of that order from the department; but
when he gave notice to the general of the opposing
army, there were hut some four days of the period
of the armistice remaining, so that no great injury
was done by the armistice. As to the capitulation,
he had never heard that the department had disap-
proved of it or its term<3.
Mr. SEVIER. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him ? I had the impression that the capit-
ulation was disapproved by the department, and
I now find it is confirmed by the letter of General
Taylor, in which he speaks of the disapproval of
both capitulation and armistice.
Mr. J. M, CLAYTON did not so understand it.
He spoke, however, from recollection, riot having
the letter before him.
But to proceed. The gentleman had not given
a single reason why this proviso should be retained.
Mr. C. should he very sorry to see such a proviso
as was annexed to this resolution pass this body.
It would have an injurious moral effect on the
country, but especially on the army. What would
be the inference if this should be retained ? Why,
that we thought it wrong that after three days*
hard fighting and bloodshed, and after the general
of the opposite army had asked an interview, to
save a needless effusion of blood, it was agreed
that they should march out with their sidearms.
Now, what else could our army have done under
such circumstanccs? With not more than five thou-
sand men ready for action, would they have had
them to attack an army of eight or nine thousand
men, strongly intrenched, and drive them from the
fortifications they occupied, or make them prison-
ers? And what would the commanding general
have done with them, with his limited supplies, if
he had made them prisoners of war? He could
not have fed them for ten days. And they had it
from the commanding general himself, that the
Mexican soldiers could have retired to the moun-
tains in one night, when they found it necessary to
do so, and strongly intrenched themselves there.
Now, with these facts staring them in the face, he
asked, before the country, what they would have
had General Taylor to have done?' Was he, re-
gardless of the lives of his soldiers and the feelings
of humanity, to have conquered the enemy? What
for? Certainly not to retain them as prisoners of
war. They would have been a nuisance on his
hands, and he therefore musthavedischarged them
immediately. What for, then ? Was it for the ad-
ditional honor and glory of having slain many
more Mexicans in battle, for nothing but an empty
name ? Were they to have no regard, in consider-
ing this subject, to the loss which we should our-
selves have sustained? Mr. C. honored General
Taylor, not only for his generalship on that occa-
sion, but his humanity—for the latter especially.
Would gentlemen have had General Taylor to have
stormed and sacked that city? Were they ac-
quainted with the inevitable consequences attend-
ing the sacking of a city, and of letting loose a
