1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that, in cases of this nature, where propriety of
conduct was questioned, the commander-in-chief
was entitled to have the judgment of a court of
inquiry before his conduct should be definitively
pronounced upon.
Little acquainted as he was with such matters,
he would not presume to make up an opinion. He
thought that they might get a vote of thanks for
the military operations at Monterey adopted in a
handsome and graceful manner, leaving the other
matters to be decided at some future time, if there
should be occasion for such decision, before this
tribunal or elsewhere. If now in order, he would
move to strike out the entire resolution, and to in-
sert in its stead a resolution in the exact words of
that which passed Congress at the last session.
But, as there was a proposition to amend now
pending, he would Jet the question be first taken
upon that proposition.
The yeas and nays were then taken on Mr.
Speight's motion to strike out the proviso, and it
was decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—M-jssrs. Aiciier, Badger, Benton, Berrien. Butler,
Calhoun, Clialmeis, Cilley, Thomas Clayton, J„]ln M. Clay-
ton, Cnrvvin, Crittenden, Davis, Dnjtoii, Evans, Fan field,
Greene, Houston, Huntington, Jarnagm, Johnson ot' Mary-
land, Johnson of Loui.-mna, M.mguin, Miller, Morehearl,
Pearep, Rusk, Simmons, SouI6, Speight, Upham, WVbster,
and Woodhridge—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atclnson, Atherton, Bag-
by, Brce3e, Bright, Cass, Dix. Ilamiegan, Niles, Sevier,
Sturgeon, Turney, and V nice—10.
Mr. WEBSTER then moved his substitute for
the resolution, and the yeas and nays being taken
thereon, are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cilley, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Coiwin,
Cutttnden, Davis, Da) ton, Evans, Greene, Huntington,
Jarnagin, Johnson of Marvia.id, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mangum, Miller, More-head, Pearco, Simmons, Upham,
Webster, and Woodhridge-—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atohi-son, Athcrton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Busht, Ca^s, Chalmers, Dix, Fairfield,
Hanncgan, Houston, Niles, Ruak, Sevier, SoulS, Speight,
Sturgeon. Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—23.
The resolution, as amended, was then reported
to the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in, and the reso-
lution was ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time.
By unanimous consent, it was then read a third
time; and the question being- on its passage, the
yeas and nays were taken, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atcher, Atherton, Badger, Benton,
Berrien, Butler, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Cille.v, John M.
Clayton, Thomas. Cla> ton, Coiwui, Cnttenden, Davis, Day-
ton, Dix, Evans, Fairfield, Gieene, Hanneean, Houston,
Huntington, Jarnagm, Johnson of Manl-md, Johnson of
.Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearee, Rusk,
Sevier, Simmons, Soule, Speight, Sturgeon, Upham, Web-
ster, Westcott, Woodbiidge, and Yulee—43.
NAYS—None.
The following title, on motion of Mr. CRIT-
TENDEN, was adopted: " Resolution giving the
thanks of Congress to Major General Taylor and
the officers and men under his command in the late
military operations at Monterey."
GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said as they had been
turning their attention to military affairs and mili-
tary men, he hoped he ahould be excused if he
now asked leave of the Senate to introduce a bill
for the relief of General Robert Armstrong, for
wounds received in the last war under most meri-
torious circumstances. He now asked leave of the
Senate to introduce it, and when the proper occa-
sion came he should make some remarks in expla-
nation of Ins character.
Leave was given. The bill was introduced and
read a first and second time, and referred to a se-
lect committee of three, on the suggestion of Mr.
H. JOHNSON.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
message of the President, sent to-day in answer to
the resolution he had submitted some days ago, be
printed for the use of the Senate; which motion
having been agreed to—
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, February 3, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday having been read and
approved,
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which had been referred the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill to raise for a limit-
ed time an additional military force, and for other
purposes, reported the same, with a recommenda-
tion that the House concur with the Senate in their
amendments to the said bill, with amendments.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
said amendments.
Mr. BOYD explained the amendments.
Mr. ASHMUN spoke against the recommenda-
tion of the committee to disagree to the amendment
of the Senate striking out the proviso to the first
section of the bill.
Mr. HARMANSON moved to amend the report
of the Committee on Military Affairs, by adding
an amendment to the ninth section of the Senate's
amendments.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of or-
der.
Mr. MORSE spoke in favor of the amendment
of his colleague, [Mr. Harmanson,] and urged the
propriety of making some provision for the Louis-
iana volunteers, and moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs, with instruc-
tion to amend the same by adopting the amend-
ment of Mr. Harmansost.
Mr. KAUFMAN supported the amendment in-
dicated by Mr. Harmanson, and urged the claims
of the volunteers from Texas, Louisiana, Missou-
ri, &c., and expressed his hope that the motion to
recommit would prevail.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the hill and
amendments were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union.
And tiie House having resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. McClernand in the
chair,) it proceeded to the consideration of the said
bill and amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, first took the floor,
and occupied it during the allotted hour in the de-
livery of a speech, in which he went into an exam-
ination of the President's plan of the war and of
General Taylor's conduct of it.
Mr. HENLEY, of Indiana, and Mr. BOYD, of
Kentucky, briefly replied; after which—
The committee rose to enable Mr. BOYD to
move a resolution to close all debate in Committee
of the Whole " in thirty minutes after the com-
mittee .shall again resume us session;" which re s-
oiution was adopted, under the operation of the
previous question.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, and Mr. DROMGOOLE oc-
cupied the floor during the remainder of the time
allowed for debate.
And the committee proceeded to vote on the
amendments of the Senate.
The vote was first taken on concurring in the
first amendment of the Senate, viz: striking outthe
proviso of the first section, which authorizes the
rresident to appoint such of the commissioned
ofiiceis during the recess of the Senate as may not
be appointed during the present session. This
amendment of the Senate was not concurred in:
Ayes 56, noes 76.
The second amendment of the Senate was read.
It proposes to add at the end of the first section the
following:
" Proiided, That one or more of the regiments of infantry
authorized to be raised by this section may, at thediscr* tion
of the President, be organized and equipped asvolngeuis
and a* foot riflemen, and be provided with a rocket and
mountain howitzer battery."
This amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows: j
" Sfc. 6. *ftnd be it further enacted, That it shall and may I
be lawful tor the President ot'the United States, by and with i
the adviec and consent ot' the Senate, to appoint one stir- t
geon and one assistant sutgeon to each regiment laised under j
this act." |
This amendment was amended, by recommen* |
dation of the Committee on Military Affairs, so as j
to allow the President to appoint " two assistant ;
surgeons." ^ j
The amendment was then concurred in. |
The Committee on Military Affairs reported an !
amendment to the seventh section of the Senate's i
amendment, striking outall after the enacting clause, ,
and inserting— !
" Th.it, dunng the war with Mexico, it shall be lawful for ,
the officers composing the council oi administration oi thu I
several regiments constituting a brigade, either legular or .
volunteer, in the seiviee of the United States, to employ j
some proper person to officiate as ebapfam io such brigade, j
and the person so emplojed shall, upon the certificate oi the j
commander of tne brigade, receive tnr ins services the pay l
and emoluments of a captain of infantry and forage for one j
heive."
Mr. FICKLIN moved to amend this amendment
by adding thereto the following proviso:
"Provided, That the chaplains now attached to fte regu-
lar army, and stationed at different military posts, shall bs.
required to repair to ihe army in Mexico whenever ama~
jority of the men at the pos-ts where they are respectively
stationed shall have left them for service in the field; and
should any of said chaplains refuse or decline to do this
when ordered so to do by the Adjutant General, the office
of such chaplain shall be deemed vacant, and tne pay and
emoluments thereof be stopped."
Mr. TIBBATTS inquired of the Chair if Mr,
Ficklin's amendment was in order?
The CHAIR decided it in order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to a question of order.
He said it was not in order to move to amend an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Chair if he still de-
cided Mr. Ficklin's amendment in order?
The CHAIR stated he did.
Mr. COBB appealed from this decision of the
Chair.
The question was stated, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
It was decided in the affirmative, and the decision
of the Chair sustained.
The question was then put on Mr. Fickun's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS moved to amend the
amendment of the Committee on Military Affairs
by striking out the words, " the pay and emolu-
ments of a captain of infantry and forage for one
horse," and inserting, in lieu thereof, u five hun-
dred dollars a. year and one ration per day.''
Agreed to.
The question was then put on the amendment
as amended, and it was agreed to.
The eighth section of the Senate's amendments'
was read and agreed to.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to amend the
amendments of the Senate by adding between sec-
tions eight and nine the following section:
"Andhe it further enacted, That from the commencement
of the war with Mexico until the tei initiation thereof, the
monthly pay of the non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and piivates, of the army of the United States, and the mi-
litia and volunteois in the service, shall be increased three
dollars per month each."
This amendment was disagreed to.
The eighth section of the Senate's amendments
was read and concurred in.
The ninth section of the Senate's amendments
being read—
Mr. HENLEY moved to amend it by adding,
after the enacting clause, the words, " That each
commissioned ofHcer below the rank of colonel,
and," so that it would read, " that each commis-
sioned officer below the rank of colonel, and each
non-commissioned officer,"&c. Disagreed to. *
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to amend
the said section by striking out the words " war-
rantee or his heirs-at-law," where they occur, and
inserting, in lieu thereof, " legal holders of the
warrant or certificate." Disagreed to.
Mr. HARMANSON moved to add to the ninth
section of the Senate's amendment the following:
"And that each private, non-commissioned officer, and
musician, who shall have been received into the service of
the United States since the commencement of the war with
Mexico, for less than twelve months, and shall have served
for such term, or until honorably discharged, shall he entitled
to receive a warrant for eight)- acres of land which may he
subject to private entry, or fifty dollar? m scrip,if prcfeiled ;
and in the event of the death of such volunteer dunng hts
term of service, or aftei an honorable di&chaige, but before
the pas:«ae;e of this act, then the w.inant for such hind or
scrip shall issue to the wife, child, or children, if there be any,
and if none, then to the father, and if there be no father,
then to the mother, or if no mother, then to the brotheisand
sisters of such deceased volunteer: Provided, that nothing
contained in thK section shall be constiucd to give bounty
land to such volunteers as were accepted into sei vice and
discharged without being marched to the seat of war."
This amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. HUNGERFORDmoved tonmend the ninth
section of the Senate's amendment by adding the
word " musician" after the word "officer." Which
was agreed to. *
Several other verbal amendments were made to
this section on the motions of Mr. HUNGER-
FORD and Mr. BIGGS.
Mr. PHELPS moved to amend the ninth section
of the Senate's amendments by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting the follow-
ing in lieu thereof; which was disagreed to;
" Beit enacted^ 6>c., That, fioni and after the fir?t day of
May last, and until the termination of the war with Mexico,
the monthly pay of the non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates, of the army of the United Siates, and
