820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4.
militia and volunteers in the service of the same, shall be
increased uiree dollars per month each.
" Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That each non-com-
missioned officer, musician, and piivate, who has volunteer-
ed since the first of May last for less than twelve months,
and who shall have gone into the serviee and continued
therein until honorably discharged, shall be entitled to a
warrant tor eighty acres of land belonging to the United
States, subject to private entry at the date of said warrant.
"Sec. '3. Jind be it further enacted, That any non-commis-
sioned officer, musician, or private, who has volunteered or
may volunteer in the service ot the United States for twelve
months or during the war with Mexico, since the first day
of May last, and who has gone or may go into actual service
and continue therein until honoiably discharged, shall be
entitled to a wariant for one hundred and sixty acres of land,
with the privilege of entering the same on any land belong-
ing to the United States and subject to private entry at the
date of said warrant.
• " Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That each non-com-
missioned officer, musician, and private, of the regular army,
who, on the seventh day of May last, had less than twelve
month.* to serve, and who has been or may be engaged in
the war against Mexico, and who ha? seivrd or ma\ serve
in the army until he is honorably discharged, shall be enti-
tled to a wairant for eighty acies of land belonging to the
United States, Mibjoct to private entry at the date of said
warrant
"Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That each non-com-
missioned officer, musician, and private, of the regular army,
who, on the seventh day of May la^t, had twelve month1? or
longer to serve, and has been or may be engaged in the war
against Mexico, and has served or may serve until lie is hon-
orably discharged; and each non-commissioned officer, mu-
sician, and piivate, who, since that timf, has inhsted or
may mlist, and who has been engaged or may be engaged
in the war against Mexico, and shall serve until he is honor-
ably discharged, shall be entitled to a warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land belonging to the United States,
subject to piivate entry at the date of said wanant.
•'Sfc.o. And be it jurther enacted, Thai if any non-com- s
missioned officer, mu-tcian, or piivate, of the regular aimv, j
engaged in the war against Mexico, oi any non-commissioned J
officer, musician, oi private, in the volunteer service of the '
United State, after having be<'n mn^fted into the service,
ha* bee.i or shall he killed, or has died or shall die, in the I
seivice, his wite and child or children, if there be any ; if ,
none, then his father; and if no father, then his mother, '
shall be entitled to leeeive a warrant for one hundred and 1
sixty acres of land belonging to the United States, subject to !
private entry at the dat>* of >-aid warrant.
" Sec. 7. And be it further exacted, That the Secretary of i
War, for the tune being, shall, ft om time to time, is ue war-
rants for the military land bounties to the persons entitled |
thereto by this act: Provided, «lwaijs, That such warrants
shall be issued only m the names of the persons thus entitled, '
and not until after the close ofthe existing war with Mexico,
and shall be by them or their representatives applied for, i
within rive vearo after the xaid peisons are entitled thereto : !
Provided. That nothing contained in this section shall be so i
construed a* to give bounty linds to volunteers tnu-tered ]
into the seivicv of the United States without being marched !
to the seat of war." )
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to strike out all the |
ninth section of the Senate's amendment, and in- j
sert: :
''That each private soldier, musician, and non-commis- ■
sioncd officer, who has already or may hereafter inh-t in the 1
regular aim\, oi engage m the volunteer *ervice, ot the Uni-
ted rfiate-s for five \eat-, oi dmmg the continuance of the
wai with Mexico, and -hail actually serve for such period of 1
tune, shali be entitled to receive a warrant for one hundred
and .-lxtv arres of the public land, to be located m such di^-
fict or districts as shall hereafter be set apart by law foi that
purpo-e.
'"And he it further enacted, That if any one of the persons 1
aforoaul shall be prevented, by teason of sickness oi other !
disability incurred in the faithful discharge of duty, from
semng for the five years or dunng the wai. and shall" obtain ,
a discharge in consequence of the same, sucn pei^on shall
b^ entitled to rtccivo a wanant for one hundred and sixty \
acre? of the public land, to be located as aforesaid. I
"And he it farther enacted. That if any one of the persons >
aiore-atd shall h<> killed ot die m the set vice, after having i
boon red ivcd and mu^teiod into the same, his wife and i
child, or childien, if an>,and it none of either, then his j
father, and if no father, then his mother, shall be entitled to '
roctiive a wairant for one hundred and sixty acre^ of land,
to be also located rss aforesaid
" And be it fuither enacted, That all private soldier?, mu- -
Ktetans, and uon-comnnM>ioned officers who shall actually
have -eived for five >ears, or during the war with Mcxico, '
snali he entitled to receive, ai.d shall be paid, the j-um of ,
llfty dollais, in addition to their regular pay. And if, by 1
re.i>oa of  i< kness oi other dw.t'ahty men: red in the faithful '
djschatge ol duty, any one of th^ prr«on«! above enumerated 1
dull 1)'* pievcrtted from serving tlic ti\e years or during the
v\i,aud Miall obtain a discharge in consequence of the '
same, -ar h pet,on shall be entitled to, and shall be pud, |
the sum of fifty dollar-, m addition to his regular pay due*'
at the tune ot ins discharge.
"An I he it fuitficr enuded, That it any one of the persons i
before eimnieiatpd -hall he killed, ordie in the serviee after !
having been received and mustered into the same, Ins wife '
and child, <<r childien, j! any, it none of either, then his '
f.itlvr, tf no father, thf'n his mother, shall be entitled to re- ■
cetve. and -huli In pa«d, the stun of fifty dollais. ^
"And be it further enacted. That if any private, musician, !
or non-coninii-siorted officer m the regular or volunteer ser- !
vi.-p, whitsft tenn shall e\-pue before the end ofthe wai with !
M'xico, and upon &ucn expiration, having obtained a dis- i
ehaige in consequence tliereof, sht^ll be theieupon minted !
?n the ic/uUr army toi the teim of five years oi dunny the 1
war witu Me.xico, shall he entitled to leeeive, and shall be !
paid on being mustered into the service, the sum of fifteen !
doiiars additional bounty." j
The amendment was disagreed to. t
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the question had
been put on concurring with the ninth section of
the Senate's amendment?
The CHAIR stated it had not; but that the ques-
tion had been put on striking out the ninth section,
and inserting the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole.]
Mr. DROMGOOLE then moved that the com-
mittee non-concur in the ninth section ofthe amend-
ment of the Senate. The motion was disagreed
to.
Mr. SCHENCK then moved to strike out the
proviso of the ninth section of the amendment of
the Senate. Disagreed to.
The tenth section of the amendment of the Sen-
ate was then read, and the woids, " and one regi-
; ' mental quartermaster to each regiment, but the
i 4 said regimental quartermasters may be appointed
I s by the President alone in the recess of the Sen-
i < ate," were struck out by the recommendation of
| the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend the tenth sec-
j tion of the Senate's amendment, by striking out
, the words " from the officers of the army.55 Dis-
! agreed to.
The tenth section as amended was then concurred
in.
And the committee rose and reported the amend-
ments of the Senate as amended.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question, which
was seconded, and the main question ordered to be
put, viz: Will the House concur with the Com-
mittee of the Whole m their disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate striking out the follow-
ing proviso to the first section of the bill?
" Pro'i-led, Tnat it shall be lawful for tne I'residentof the
United States, m tiie lece&s of the Senate, to appoint such
oi tno commissioned ofbceis authoiized by tliib act a«. may
not b^ appointed during the pie^ent bes-ion, which appoint-
ments siiail be submitted to the Senate at their next ses-
sion tor their advice and consent."
The question was decided by yeas and nays, as
follows: Yeas 113, nays G9.
The remaining amendments of the Senate, as
amended by the Committee of the Whole, were
then agreed to.
SUB-TREASURY.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported (on leave) the follow-
ing supplemental bill to an act entitled an "An act
to provide for the better organization of the Treas-
ury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement, of the public money:"
"Be it enacted, «§*c., That hereafter, whenever transfers of
money in tiie trea?>ury are requued to be made by the Tr<.m-
uiv Dopaitimmt, ftoin any one depository of Government to
anotner, under tiie piow.-oon ot the act approved August 6,
1<24o, entitled - An act to piovide for the better organization
ot itie trea.-ut> , and lor tne collection, j>ate-keepnig, trans-
fer, and dif/Hti.-etneiit of the pnhhc revenue," and such
tiansfers cannot be effected otherwise than by the tran&poit-
ation of specie, at the expense of the Government, it bliall
b:' iawtul lor the Secietary oi the Treasury to cause to be
paid, out oi anj mouej m the Trea&ui v not othei wis-e appro-
piiated,tho actual expenses nece^auly required tn effect
Mien transfeis, in such manner, by conuaet, draft, oi othci-
wise, as may be utteruUui with the least hazard and the
smallest cnaige to the Government.
"And be it ju> titer enacted, That in all cases when trea^u-
i} Uiafib, imt le>-> in amount than bix bundled dollars, cannot
be coiwutPd, by the disbursing agent at the place ot dis-
bursement, into gold or silver at or above par, and when the
public crechiot intended to be pud by such draft is present
at tue place of di.-bui sement, and piefers to receive such drait
at p.u m payment, he ma> be so permitted to receive the
tame, by special endorsement thereon, payable only to the
ord.-r Of s.anl cieditor; and the >ame iu!e  and regulation."-,
appfieable to all other trea^uiy drafts under s>eetion twentj-
one of said act approved Augu-t6,1846, shall be enforced
to require the sp edv presentation ot >aid diatu at the place
< t payment, and l) prevent tne same being used or thrown
into circulation jw a pa(>ercuireney or medium of exchange.
'•And he it father cn<-cted) That during the continuance
ot tue existing war with Mexico, an.! with a view to the pro-
cming oi foreign gold or silver com at the lowest rates, for
di-buiaemeiit in tiie prosecutionof said war, it shall be law-
ful for the Secretary ot War, or the Secretary ot the Navy,
to authorize ti ea&ui) notes oi tieatuiy diaf is to b^ exchanged
tor ^uch com, at a rafe not above tiie commercial value
thereof in the United States: Provvkd, That ivaid exchange
shall be inoie advantageous to the Government than any
other mode of ai*burs*emeut.
"^indhe it fathe) enacted, That all disbursing agente of
the Government, within or without the limits ot the United
Stales., than be reijuircd to keep safely and diobur-e all pub-
he inotiojs received by them, undei suoh rule< and regula-
tions, anil with such securny, as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary ofthe Treasui y, to*en*urea proper accountahihtv,
and to yuard against the lo«.s of said moneys, and to facili-
tate and secure the prompt and faithful payment and dis-
bursement or the same, m contoiinity with the law, and &o
as to prevent m all ca.->es tlve use of bank paper in making
such disbursements.
"And he it jaither enacted, That gold or silver intended for
the payment of duties may be deposited, in advance, with any
assistant treasurer, or treasurer of the mint, or branch mint,
at the port where the duties are payable, whose receipt for
such specie may be accepted by the collector of such port in
payment of duties accruing there.
"And he itfarther enacted, That the number of clerks au-
thorized by the ] 3th section of the said act approved August
6,18-16, may be increased, if deemed necessary, so as not to
exceed twenty; the annual salary of fourteen of whom shall
not exceed eight hundred dollars each, and of the remaining
six the annual salary of three shall not exceed one thousand
dollars each, and of the rest the annual salary f=hall not
exceed twelve hundred dollars each, nor shall the annual
aggregate sum exceed seventeen thousand eight hundred
doifars.
"And be it further enacted, That, during the continuance
of the existing war with Mexico, and with a view to the
procuiing of foreign gold or silver coin at the lowest rates,
for disbursement in the piosecution ot said war, it shall be
lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury to authorize treas-
ury notes or treasury drafts to be exchanged for such com
at a rate not above the commercial value thereof in the
United States: Provided, That said exchange shall be more
advantageous to the Government than any other mode of
disbursement."
The bill, having been read twice by its title, was
referred to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 4, 1847.
TheJournalof yesterday was read andapproved.
Mr. DIX presented two memorials of citizens of
New York, praying a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Lake Michigan to
the Pacific; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBRTDGE presented the joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Michigan, in relation
to the leasing of the copper lands in that State; which
was read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHALMERS presented the petition of citi-
zens of Washington, praying that the bill to amend
the charter of said city, which passed the House of
Representatives, may become a Jaw; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lum bta.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of Jane Sproston, the widow of a deceased
naval surgeon, asking for a renewal of her pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petition of the Baltimore and Philadel-
phia Steamboat Company, asking an alteration in
the act of February 18, 1793, respecting the coast-
ing trade; which was referred to theConmittee on
Commerce.
Mr. DIX submitted the following resolution for
consideration:
Resolved, That on and after Monday next the
Senate will meet at eleven o'clock, a. m.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill levivmg certain naval
pensions for the term of five years; which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to authorize the issuing of a regis-
ter to the brigantine Ocean Q,ueen; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which had been referred
the bills from the House for the relief of Harvey
Reynolds, for the relief of Catharine Stevenson,
for the relief of Ann Clayton, for the relief of Eliza-
beth Fitch, for the relief of Thankful Reynolds,
and for the relief of Elizabeth Calkins, the widow
of Silas Winans; reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. PEARCE, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the bills from the House
to increase the pension of Roswell Hale, and for
the relief of Jonathan Hoyt, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
John Bronson; which was read and passed to the
second reading,
Mr. J., from the same committee, to which had
been referred the bill for the relief of Ray Tomp-
kins and others, children and heirs at law of the
lafe Daniel D. Tompkins, reported the same with-
out amendment.
^ Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to postpone the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up two bills
to confirm certain old French grants of land, which
had received the sanction of Congress at the last
