322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. "4,
to extend, unless m cases of great emergency, to
any one of its members.
Mr. SEYIER said he apprehended there was to
be half a dozen speeches made on that side, and if
the Senator from Georgia was not prepared to
proceed, he hoped that some other Senator would.
He asked if it was not the intention of Senators to
debate it ? i
Mr. BADGER, in reply to the remark of the
Senator from Arkansas, said he thought it alto- j
gether probable that half a dozen speeches would 1
be made on that side of the Chamber, in relation :
to the subject of the war. It would be proper, he :
thought, that discussion should take place upon !
that subject; but he had no apprehension that the ;
debate would be extended to any prolixity, and j
he hoped that the courtesy of a postponement for ;
one day that was now asked would not be disre-
garded by the Senate.
Mr. SEYIER said he had no doubt there would
be occasion for the exercise of a good deal of
courtesy on both sides of the Chamber before the
end of the session. There were a great many im-
portant matters to be disposed of, and but little
time remaining for their consideration.
The question was then put on the motion to
postpone, and it was decided affirmatively.
ARMY BILL.
The bill to raise for a limited time an additional
military force and for other purposes, having been
returned from the House with amendments, was
taken up for consideration.
The amendments having been read—
The bill and amendments were, on motion of
Mr. BADGER, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Aifciirs.
Mr. KV'.A ;\S moved to proceed to the consider-
ation of the piivate bills on the calendar.
Mr. D1X adverted to the fact that there was a
bill, the first on the calendar, which had been there j
for something like three weeks. He alluded to the
bill to repeal the pilot law of 1837; and, if the cal-
endar was to be taken up, he should propose to j
proceed with the bills regularly. ;
After some further remaiks from Messrs. j
HUNTINGTON, DIX, and DAYTON, the ques- ;
tion was taken on the motion of Mr. Evans, and 1
decided in the affirmative.
The following bills were then severally read in
Committee of the Whole, and, after having been
explained, were ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and were severally read a third time by !
unanimous consent, and passed: j
A bill for the relief of Thomas Douglass, late j
United States attorney for East Florida;
A bill granting a pension to John Clark;
A bill granting a pension to Joseph Morrison; j
A joint resolution m favor of David Shaw and j
Solomon T. Corser; I
A bill for the relief of George Gordon; I
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Kuykendall; j
A bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes; j
A bill for the relief of Joseph Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Tlior.us iirownpll; I
A bill for the relief of tile personal rcpresenta- ■
tives of William A. Slacum, deceased; I
A joint resolution for the relief of Orlando Salt-
marsh and William Fuller; !
A joint resolution authorizing and directing the
examination of the claims of Alexander M. Cum- j
'.„«ng;
A bill to extend the time for selling the lands !
■,ranted to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the !
deaf and dumb; j
A bill for the relief of Madison Allen; I
A bill for the relief of Peter Capelia, adminis- !
trator of Andrew Capelia, deceased, and for the
relief of John Capo;
A hill for the relief of Francis Summeraner;
A bill for the relief of Peter Frost;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Jacques Aloulou.
The bifl to allow arrearages of pension to Hugh
W. Dobbin, an officer in the late war, was consid-
ered in committee of the whole, and after gome
considerable debate, in which Messrs. ATCHI-
SON, CALHOUN, JARNAGIN, JOHNSON of
Louisiana, ASHLEY, and others participated, the
bill was laid on the table.
The bill for the relief of certain persons therein
named was considered m committee of the whole,
and after a brief conversation, in which Messrs.
NILES, EVAXS, HUNTINGTON, and CAL-
HOUN, participated, the question was taken on
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and decided m
the negative.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Blanchard, after
having been debated at some length, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The question on its passage being about to be
put by the Chair—
Mr. TURKEY objected to a third reading, de-
claring it to be his intention to have the vote on the
passage of the bill when the Senate was full.
The bill for the relief of Jeannette C. Hunting-
ton, widow and sole survivor of William D. Che-
ver, deceased, was considered in committee of the
whole.
Mr. PHELPS made a full explanation of the
merits of the bill; when a motion was made to ad-
journ.
Mr. SPEIGHT resisted the motion, on the
ground that he had been waiting quietly for tue
last three hours to reach a bill under his care, and
he should now remain until they reached it.
The question on adjournment having been put,
The VICE PRESIDENT decided that the ayes
had it, and the Senate should stand adjourned until
to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 4, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to bo the call of the committees for re-
ports.
Mr. PAYNE asked leave to present a memo-
rial.
Mr. HOPKINS objected, and called for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. WENT'vVORTH asked leave to make a
personal explanation.
Some objections were made, but, not being in-
sisted on, leave was granted. j
Mr.WENT WORTH then said, 1 rose, the other :
day, in this House, to express my opinion " upon
matters and things in general," as has been usual
here when the House is in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I availed myself of a
liberty which has been extended to all who asked
it.
I had been accused of flymg the track on the
creed of the Democratic party; but being, as I now
am, and presume I shall ever be, a Democrat, I
undertook to show that I was just as good a Demo-
crat as those who assailed my doctrine as being not
democratic.
In consequence of what I then said, the Union
of this morning comes out with an editoiial article
in the following terms:
. '■ We invu . m tin.-, coimexton, the attention of our lead-
ers to the p'.t-il'iit np'ilo;y wl icli Mi'. WVntiviiutii, of Illinois,
ni.ule jestenl iv m tile House of Rppiesentiitives to e\cuse or
palliate lib ikfeetion at once f.om Ins paity and his duty."
Now, why not publish that " pitiful apology?"
Why invite attention to what was not to be found
in his paper? Why misrepresent me one day, and
the next day call the attention of his readers to what
I said, when what I said was not there 3
He speaks of my " defection at onee from my
party and my duty," when his Reporter omitted
wholly to state what I declared in my speech, viz:
that I had never boiled a regular nomination of the
Democratic party, from President to constable,
and presumed 1 never should. I also avowed my-
self for the regular nominee of the next Baltimore
convention for Piesident. And I now believe that
there is not a free tea and coffee Democrat in this
House but what will support that nominee, come
he from the North or the South. Can he say the
same of those opposed to free tea and coffee? He
speaks of my " duly," as if I and my constituents
were not the sole judges of that. Again, he says:
"His icniarks, as published, are stripped, either by his
own discretion, oi that of the Reporteis, of a considerable
portion of tneir vulgarity and abuse."
Before I addressed the House, I went to the j
reporter's desk, told him I should defend myself,
and asked to be reported; but every one knows
that I was not one-tenth part reported m the Union,
whose report, (nor that of the Intelligencer,) was
never revised by me. He speaks of their " vul-
garity and abuse." I have heard it said that old
documents were dangerous things, but never before
that they were " vulgar" or "abusive."
Sir I could not if I would, and certainly I would '
not if I could, say aught against the man who is at
the head of the Government, or of the members of
his Cabinet; and I will not be misrepresented as
having done so. I hold him and them, all of them,
in as high regard and estimation as any other Dem-
crat in this country; but when the Democratic creed
is in question, I maintain that I have just as good
a right to say whether new articles shall be admit-
ted into that creed as they have.
My remarks impeached no man's, moral or so-
cial position. They impeached no man 's political
character any further than was necessary to show
that the Democrats who were for free tea and coffee
were more consistent with the previous professions
of the party, in my humble opinion.
But the Union goes on to say, in regard to my
remarks, that, " as they stand, they show the sub-
stance of what he had to say in justification of his
course.'' They show no such tiling, as all who
heard me, and have read the Union's report of
them, know.
Again: " Introducing his speech by a motion to
' strike out of the civil appropriation bill the usual
' provision for the compensation of the President
' of the United States." What did the editor mean
to convey by introducing this reference? That I
would not vote to pay the salary of the President?
Is this right ? Is it fair? to give out to the world
that I was opposed to paying the President's sala-
j ry? Sir, he never can make my constituents be-
! lieve this. Even if I should not say one word in
i explanation or reply, they would naturally con-
j elude that a man must be hard pressed for matter
' to injure me, when he resorts to so small a game
1 as this. The answer is easy. I went to the Chair-
: man, and asked him at what time a debate upon
| this bill could arise ? He told me at any time, by
making a motion to strike out. I then took the
floor, and moved to strike out all that had been
read, as every one knows is the usual custom,
without regarding what it was. I did not know
what was in the item which I moved to strike out.
' Men must be sadly out of capital when they grasp
i at such straws as this.
j What does this editor say next>
' " He proceeded to show that several members of the Ad-
ministration had opposed a tax on tea and coffee in time of
peacc ; to make.the foolish assertion that such a tax would
make the Strite of Illinois pay moie than it had paid under
the tariff of 1842."
This I still reiterate, and I believe that I can de-
monstrate it.
Bat this very astute editor says that I went on
"to twaddle in a style of very unusual silliness
about taxing old women and old maids." In re-
ply to this, all I have to say is, that there is still
more silliness in the " twaddle1' that oar Govern-
ment cannot get along without resorting to theso
old women and old maids.
But what else did 1 do ?
" Appeal to thp narrowest and meanest foims of sectional
prejudice."
I need riot, I presume, tell this House that if
ever there was a man who was assailed by the
Abolitionists with unusual fierceness and fury, I
am that man. I have fought them at home, m
order to get here. But here, I regret to say, that
I have been compelled to fight their natural ene-
mies as hard as ever I fought the Abolitionists
themselves. Designate that appeal by what name
you will, 3'ou will never hear the last of it until
every portion of the Union gets its deserved share
of the protection and privileges of this Govern-
ment.
I made no attacks either on the North or the
South. All who heard me, know that! have been
willing to give to gentlemen of the South all that I
claimcd for myself. All know that where slavery
actually exists, I would not lift my hand to dis-
turb, in the slightest degree, the constitutional
rights of the South. I have fought that battle
again and again; but where freedom exists, all I
ask is, that it shall remain. You of the South say
to us, in relation to this whole subject of slavery,
" Hands oft*!1'—and you say well. 1 say to you,
in your own words, in relation to all territory now
free, "Hands off!"—and then I will say well.
For every craven heart that may falter from such
attacks as this, from those who have a personal
interest in the extension of slavery, and therefore
in stifling those appeals, millions of wronged free-
men will arise, like the high bird of liberty, to
scream them through the air. Tell the people, if
you please, that the Wilmot proviso has no place
