824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
by the Constitution. And he more minutely indi-
cated his views on this subject.
Having disposed of the constitutional question,
he next proceeded to examine the expediency of
these improvements; and in sustaining and enfor-
cing their expediency, he referred to the great
amount of commerce, and the great numbers of
lives lost upon the lakes, in consequence of this
neglect to provide any harbors of security, and
upon the rivers. He believed the treasury, if these
improvements had been provided for from it, would
have been more than reimbursed by the revenue
from the imports which would have been received
in exchange for these exports lost in consequence
of the want of protection of their improvements.
He repelled the charges that had frequently been
made of the evil effects of this expenditure for in-
ternal improvements upon the citizens of those por-
tions of the country in which they are made; and
of the corruptions of executive patronage in conse-
quence. The people of the West scorned to bend
" the supple hinges of the knee" to any Executive;
but they adhered to principles, and demanded jus-
tice and equal rights.
He also referred to the insinuations thrown out
by his colleague, [Mr. Wick,] that the vetoed bill
of the last session was passed by log-rolling, and
declared that for himself he never had a proposition
made to him during the pendency of that bill from
any gentleman for the support of any sectional
item m which he was interested. In fact, m the
passage of that bill there had been as little combi-
nation of various interests to secure its success as
in reference to any bill ever passed in this House,
much less than in the case of the tariff bill, to
which he alluded.
Mr. WICK (Mr. C. yielding) disclaimed any
intention of charging that direct offers had been
made by gentlemen, one to another, on this floor,
to forward this bill. He had referred to the effect
of including in it any items for improvements in
different sections throughout the country.
Mr. CATHCART. Well, the rule allowing you
to vote on the different items separately, which,
although got up for the very bill he had supported,
was adopted prior to the passage of the bill. Surely,
then, if that rule depended on any log-rolling, this
rule would have cut the cord that bound us.
He noticed and repelled the imputation of Mr.
Wick,that that bill proposed to create harbors where
God Almighty never intended they should be, and
was sustained in the views which he took by Mr.
Wentwortii and Mr. McClelland; and between
these several gentlemen some conversation passed
on this point.
In conclusion, in view of the importance and
magnitude of the commerce which was proposed
to be protected by the bill now before the House—
and which bill did not involve more than half a
million of dollars, both for coast, lake, and river
improvements—he expressed the hope that it would
receive their favorable consideration and action.
If it were not passed, the people of his section of
the country would be ready to exclaim that they
were "penny wise and pound foolish."
Mr. C. having concluded,
Mr. ROBERTS obtained (he ftoor, but yielded
for a moment to
Mr. SAWYER, who indicated his intention, at
the proper time, to offer an amendment striking
out the items for the purchase of books for the
Congress Library, $5,000," and " for the purchase
of law books for said library, $1,000."
Some explanations followed on the part of
Messrs. SAWYER, THURMAN, and BROD-
HEAD; and some conversation on a point of order
raised by Mr. DROMGOOLE.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN also gave notice of his
intention to offer an amendment.
Mr. ROBERTS, of Mississippi, then addressed
the committee in some remarks, relating, for the
most part, to the Wilmot proviso. He expressed
his regret that it should have been forced upon the
House at this particular time; a time when, of all
others, he said, there should be union, not only in
the Democratic party, but on both sides of the
House, and throughout the country. And, in
order that nothing he had to say might be misap-
prehended, he had followed the example of a mem-
ber from New York, and had committed his re-
marks to writing.
Mr. ASHMUN followed in a general speech on
the subject of the war, its origin, objects, and con-
sequences.
[The speech of Mr. Ashmun, and the gentlemen
who preceded him, when written out, will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
The debate was continued to a very late hour,
by Messrs. McCLEAN, DROMGOOLE, TIL-
DEN, McILYAINE, D. P. KING, RATHBUN,
and RIPLEY.
Mr. ROOT then obtained the floor, and the com-
mittee rose and reported.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS, by leave from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported a
bill for the relief of James G. Carson. Read and
committed.
Mr. THOMASSON, by leave from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill to provide for establishing a post road from
the Potomac river, opposite the District of Colum-
bia, to the Columbia river, in Oregon Territory.
Read and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to establish a district
court at Chicago, Illinois.
Read twice, and committed.
And then, at a little before eight o'clock, the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 5, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the credentials of the Hon. Prestley Spruance,
(Whig,) elected a Senator of the United States, by
the Legislature of the State of Delaware, for the
term of six years from and after the fourth day of
March, A. D. 1847.
Mr. BADGER presented the credentials of his
colleague, the Hon. Willie P. Mangum, elected
a Senator of the United States, by the Legislature
of the State of North Carolina, for the term of six
years, from and after the fourth day of March,
A. D. 1847.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of citizens
of Washington, praying that the bill to amend the
charter of said city, which passed the House of
Representatives, may become a law; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Committee on Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the documents relating
to the claim of Sarah E. Graham, and it was refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Frederick Dawson, James Schott, and E. D.Whit-
ney, creditors of the late republic of Texas.
THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to which had been referred the amendments
of the House to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military force, and for other purposes, made a re-
port, accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the House to their third, fourth, fifth,
sixth, and seventh amendments to the said bill,
and insist on their first amendment to the said bill
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and
ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The report having been agreed to,
It was ordered that the Chair appoint a com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT accordingly appoint-
ed Mr. Dix, Mr. Crittenden, and Mr. Cass, as
the Committee on the part of the Senate.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which had been referred the bill from the
House making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year .ending 30th
June, 1848, reported the same with an amend-
ment, making an appropriation of $27,000 for bar-:
racks for cadets, §2,000 for expenses of a board of i
visiters, and $8,000 for contingent expenses. >
PRIVATE BILLS. |
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, (on leave,) in-1
troduced a bill confirming a claim of the heirs and :
le^al representatives of Pierre Dufresne to a tract
of land; whicfi was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the bill from
the House to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of John Spencer, late receiver of public
money at Fort Wayne, Indiana, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a joint resolution for
the benefit of John Devlin; which was read a first
time.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Pearson Cogswell; which
was read a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
• Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing post-routes from Whit-
tington's, in Hot Spring county, to Dallas, in Polk
county, via Mount Ida and Caddo Cove, and
from Salem, in Fulton county, Arkansas, to Rock-
bridge, Missouri, via Benjamin Hawkins's, on
Bennett's Bayou.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, the bill pro-
viding for the building and equipment of four naval
steamships was taken up, postponed, and made
the special order for Wednesday next, at one
o'clock.
Mr. SIMMONS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the question on ordering the bill for the
relief of the several persons therein named to be
engrossed for a third reading was, on yesterday,
decided in the negative.
Mr. SIMMONS said, he thought that he could
satisfy the Senate of the entire justice of this bill,
which had reference to treasury notes which had
been stolen from the post office, the bill having
been reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. He did not desire to take
up the time of the Senate now, but would content
himself with having his motion recorded on the
Journal.
The motion was entered upon the Journal.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. SPEIGHT, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate resumed the con-
sideration, as in committee of the whole, of the bill
from the House making appropriations for the cur- "
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1848.
The question pending was upon agreeing to the
| amendment submitted yesterday by Mr. West-
j cott.
Mr. YULEE stated, that not having been pres-
! ent when his colleague submitted his amendment,
and as that Senator was not now in his seat, he
would be glad that the amendment might be con-
sidered as withdrawn. He was not prepared to
explain its object, not being acquainted with his
colleague's reasons for submitting it.
The proposition being out of order, the amend-
ment was negatived.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved the following amend-
ments, which were agreed to:
Inseit after the end of the first section—
For fulfilling the treaty with the Winnebagoes, viz:
To enable them to comply with their present engagements,
and to cover the expenses of exploring and selecting their
new homes, per fourth article of treaty of lath October, 1846,
$40,000. '
For expenses of removal, same article and treaty, $20,000.
For expends of subsisting them for one year after remo-
val, samp article and treaty, #20,000.
For hreaknig up and fencing land, same article and treaty*
.§10,000.
For establishing manual labor schools, &c., same article
and treaty, $10,000.
For erection of mi)!*, same aiticle and treaty, $5,000.
Foe interest on $85,000, at o per centum, same article and
treaty, $4,250.
To make good the interest on investments in State stock?,
and bonds tor various Indian tribes not yet paid by the
States, to be reimbursed out of the interest when collected,
$19,534 09.
To make good the interest on investments in State stocks
and bonds for the Chickasaw tribe of Indians, not yet paid
by the States. to be reimbursed out of the interest when col-
lected, $14,963 26.
For the leappropriati-on of this sum, (carried to the sur-
plus fund,) stipulated to be paid to the Cluppewas, Otta-
was, and JJotawattoimes, in consideration of a change of
boundary of the country ceded to the said tribes at the treaty
of Chicago, concluded on the 2t5th and -27th days- of Septem-
ber, 1833, per supplementary article of said treaty, $10,000.
For the reappropriation of tins sum, (earned to the surplus
fund,) to meet pavmentsto certain Cherokee Indians for im-
piovements abandoned under the treaty of 6th May, 1838,
$343 60,
