826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
issue, and that a reasonable indemnity should be obtained
from Mexico for the wrongs she has committed toward* the
Government o{ the United States.
" And it is> further declared, that the nature and extent of
such indemnity are proper subjects, in the first in.-tance, for
executive consideration, when negotiations for p^ace may be
opened between this country and Mexico, subject to the
action of the Senate on thequestion of latification,"
Mr. BAGBY hoped both amendments would be
read, that the Senate might have them before it.
The Secretary read Mr. Berrien's amendment,
as follows:
" Provided, always, And it is hereby declared to be the true
intent and meaning of Congress in making this appropria-
tion, that the war with Mexico ought riot to be prosecuted
by this Government with any view to the dismemberment
of that republic, or to the acquisition by conquest of any
portion of her territory; that this Government ever desires
to maintain and preserve peaceful and fnendlv relations with
all nations, and particubuly with the neighboring republic
of Mexico, will always be rrady to enter into negotiations,
with a view to terminate the present unhappy conflict on
terms which shall ^ecurc the ju«t rights* and pteserve invio-
late the national honor of the United States and of Mexico;
that it ia> e>pecia!ly desirable, in order to maintain and pre-
serve those amicable relations, which ou^ht always to exist
between neighboung republics, that the. boundary of the
State of Texas should be definitively settled, and that pro-
vision be made by the republic ot Mexico for the prompt and
equitable settlement of the just claims of our citizens on that
republic."
Mr. BERRIEN said he wished to ask if the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan was of-
fered as a substitute.
Mr. CJVSS said he should offer it as a substitute
at the proper time.
Mr. BERRIEN continued. The amendment
which he had proposed and the substitute which
the Senator from Michigan had notified them he
should otFer, opened the whole question. He de-
sired to say at the outset, in order to avoid any
misapprehension, that he was prepared to sustain
the Government in the vigorous prosecution of this
war, by voting all needful supplies of men and
money to bring; it to a successful result.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator pause a moment ?
Mr. Berrien yielded the floor, and
Mr. J. K. Walker delivered to the Senate a mes-
sage in writing from the President of the United
States.
Mr. BERRIEN resumed. He was in the act of
saying to the Senate, that to avoid any misappre-
hension of the remarks he was about to submit to
the Senate to-day, and the course he designed to
pursue, he was ready to sustain the Executive de-
partment in a vigorous prosecution of this war, by
voting ail needful supplies of men and money—all
such supplies as were necessary to bring it to a
successful result, if Mexico, madly regardless of
her own interests and the interests of humanity,
should refuse to terminate this contioveisy upon
terms which may consist with her honor and the
honor of the United States. This principle had
regulated his personal conduct from the commence-
ment of this war. He had voted nil the supplies
which had been required by the President of the
United States, which had received the sanction of
their committees, with the single exception of the
act of 13th May, 1846, upon which he did not vote.
And he did not vote for that bill because it required
him to affirm what he did not believe to be true.
But it proposed to provide for reinforcing and
"Strengthening our army, then on the confines of
Mexico, and apparently in danger from what
seemed to be an overwhelming superiority of
numbers. He did not, indeed, share the appre- j
hensions felt for the fate of that army, far he had 1
an abiding confidence in the skill and gallantry of
its leaders, the bravery and discipline of our sol-
diers, and the patriotism of both. He cherished,
moreover, a grateful recollection of the story of
San Jacinto, and he had formed his own estimate
of the Mexican army under the guidance of Us
mtfst distinguished chieftain.
But it was proposed to strengthen and reinforce
that army, and to deliver it from the unequal con-
flict to which it might be subjected; and though
that relief might not reach the army before its fate
should be decided—so far as a single battle might
decide it—he was willing to vote to strengthen and
reinforce it at the earliest moment, had that proviso
not been connected with the bill.
He entertained then as he entertained now, the be-
lief, the conviction, that we had been unnecessarily
involved in this war with Mexico. He believed it
had been brought about by military movements on
our part, and that it had been forced upon the Mex-
ican Government. He was convinced that the mili-
tary order which was given by our military com-
mander-in-chief, anterior to the march of our army
from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande, was the real
source and practical origin of this war. Though
he had since seen it stated in official documents,
that it grew out of the indignities inflicted by Mexi-
co upon our citizens, and her determination to in-
vade with a view to regain dominion over Texas,
he would call the attention of the Senate to the fact,
that as early as the preceding month of June—the
15th day of June, 1845—by an order emanating
from the War Department, addressed to General
Taylor, and marked "confidential," but which
was subsequently communicated to the Senate, it
was distinctly announced that he was ordered to
take up his line of march from his encampment,
with the view of protecting Texas, not then one of
the States of this Union; it was then distinctly an-
nounced to him that his ultimate destination was
the Rio Grande or its vicinity. And yet they were
told that the order of January, 1846, was issued
under the pressure of indignities offered by Mexi-
co, in her refusal to receive our minister, and in
her menaces of hostilities. He would take from
these allegations the foundation on which they rest.
He would refer to an order which emanated from
the War Department on the 9th of June, 1845, and
reiterated, with a single modification, m July. By
this he would show that this army was not merely
designed for the protection of Texas, which would
have been secured by the possession of Corpus
Christi, but it was announced that its destination
was the Rio Grande, which Mexico claimed to be
beyond her boundary, in the order issued in July,
1845, this order was so far modified .is this: the
preceding order of June had announced that the
ultimate destination of the army was the Ilio
Griande without qualification; in the order which
followed, the commander of the American army
was told that Mexico had certain posts east of the
Rio Grande which she had occupied, and that m
the advance of our army to the llio Grande, which
was its ultimate destination, these forces of the
enemy were not to be interrupted. Now it seemed
to him, with these documents before them, that the
war in which we are now involved, is therefore a
war resulting from the order which was given by
the President of the United States to advance the
American army to the Rio Grande from Corpus
Christi, in pursuance of the destination which had
been confidentially announced to the commander of
the American army as early as the preceding June;
that the advance of the army to the'Rio Grande,
the erection of a fort pointing her cannon upon the
town of Matarnoros, was an indication of hostile
intent—no, not of hostility of intent, but an act of
hostility, which was the real origin and the com-
mencement of this war. He would put the ques-
tion to every American Senator—he would put the
question to the American people, whether they
would not have considered such a movement on
the part of Mexico, or any other nation on earth,
as an act of hostility to us. If Great Britain, du-
ring the existence of the northeastern boundary
question, had advanced her military forces to the
disputed territory, and erected forts and planted
cannon there, and pointed them on the contiguous
villages, should we have waited for her to apply the
match to those cannon before we should have con-
sidered that Great Britain had committed against
us an act of war ? And if that would have been the
universal feeling1 of the American people, shall we
deny to Mexico, because she is our enemy, a par-
ticipation in the common feelings of our nature?
This was the view he had entertained of the
origin of the war. But it exists. It has been re-
cognised by Congress. They had bound them-
selves by pledges given by the act of the 13th of
May, 184b, vigorously to prosecute it to a success-
ful result. He was willing to participate in the
common lot; and so far as depended on him, to
perform that portion of the duty which might de-
volve on him in the redemption of that pledge.
He was willing, therefore, he repeated, to vote the
men and money which might be necessary for the
prosecution of this war, or the termination of it by
negotiation in an honorable peace, by such means
as Senators might devise.
But when he thus avowed his determination to
strengthen the arm of the commander-in-chief of
our army and navy in this war with Mexico, did
he mean to yield his judgment unreservedly to the
President's biddings? As a Senator from the
State of Georgia, had he a right to yield without
reflection, without examination, without debate, to
the demands of the Executive for the prosecution
of this war, although he held himself bound to
strengthen his arm by all proper and lawful means?
The recommendations of the Executive in the
prosecution of this war differ in no particular, but
in the intensity of the interest which it might excite,
from any recommendation which, in the discharge
of his official duty, he may make to the Congress
of the United States. He was not versed in mili-
tary matters. He was not competent to judge,
without being furnished with the means to form a
judgment, what would be most conducive to the
successful termination of this war. He was willing,
therefore, to receive information from ail available
sources, and to defer his ppinion when his judg-
ment was convinced. But the doctrine which had
been here and elsewhere advanced on this subject
was to him more startling than a thousand wars
with Mcxico, or even with the most powerful
nation under heaven. That doctrine was, that
the power of Congress over the subject was ex-
hausted in the act of declaring war, except as it
might be necessary for them to furnish the means
for its prosecution by the Executive Department.
The President of the United States wanted a loan
for the purpose of carying on the war; his Secre-
tary of finance expressed his wish accordingly,
and his belief that that loan might be procured on
the terms proposed; and they were deliberately
told that that was all they had to ask.
The President wanted the loan—his Secretary
thought he could get it; and, without consideration
of the purposes to which it was to be applied—
without looking to this contest with Mexico, they
had nothing more to do than to vote it. So the
President wants an addition to his military force,
and his War Secretary, as was his province, join-
ed in the recommendation; and, according to this
modern doctrine, Congress must give ail that was
requested. And now the President desires to have
three millions of dollars appropriated, as secret-
service money: he announces this wish by his
communication, and they were told that if it were
granted, the purpose which it proposes will be ac-
complished, and, a multo fortiori, we must yield to
his demands.
If this doctrine was true, a state of war over-
turns the Constitution of the United States. If it
be true that the power of Congress was exhausted
by the act of declaring war; if it were true that the
responsibility of conducting or prosecuting the war,
and determining the manner in which it should be
conducted, and the purposes for the accomplish-
ment of which it should be prosecuted, exclusively
devolved on the President, then he agreed that the
conclusion deduced from it was true also. If the
responsibility be less, the power to discharge that
responsibility must be his exclusively.
But if it be true, what is the character of the
Government under which we live? It degenerates
into a military republic, the moment a declaration
of war is made, with a military dictator at its head.
But that doctrine, in his judgment, resulted from
an utter misconstruction of tne Constitution; and
he hoped the Senate would not feel that a few mo-
ments were lost, if they were spent in endeavoring
to put a great constitutional principle, which was
dear to us as freemen, on the basis on which truth
and justice and reason, ought to place it.
The war power, the framers of the Constitution
have placed in the Congress of the United States.
It was placed there, not only for the purpose of
determining the causes which shall induce its in-
ception, but for the purpose of superintending its
prosecution, and from time to time determining the
object which, by the use of the public force, shall
be sought to be accomplished. Let us consider
this question for a moment, ascending above an
atmospheie in which mere party dwells. By the
Constitution of the United States, all the legislative
power which is granted by that instrument is grant-
ed to Congiess. The power to declare war is not
a legislative power, and therefore it is the subject
of a special grant.
It was not a legislative power, because in demo-
cratic governments it belongs to the people, and
in monarchies, to the sovereign. It was not re-
cognised as a legislative power of Congress, and
therefore was the subject of a specific grant. The
Executive power, in like manner, was vested in
the President of the United States. But the
power to command the army of the United States
was not included in that grant, and therefore it
