328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
declared. It might be so. There might be those |
who could not enter into the feelings which j
prompted those statesmen in the enactment of the j
resolution to which he was about to refer, or who j
"would not share with him the feelings which de- j
manded his admiration of their conduct. Be it so. j
The act is recorded in your statute books, and he i
•would read it. Before the session of the Congress j
of 1812 had expired, in which war with Great
Britain was declared, this resolution was passed.
Mr. B. read the resolution appointing a day of
humiliation and prayer, and to offer supplication
to Almighty God for the safety and welfare of the
United States, and a speedy restoration of peace.
The statesmen of that day looked to these j
sources of protection and defence—to their own ;
stout hearts and strong arms. They did not dream
of tribute to an enemy. No; this sense of depend- :
ence on the God of their being:—this sense^of de- •
pendence upon their Creator—was accompanied
by the proud feeling of independence towards their
fellow men. The maxim of that day was, " Mil-
lions for defence"—ay, and in a just sense for
offence—but" not a cent for tribute." The states- .
men of that day could never have consented to i
employ the public treasure in giving tribute to their 1
foe. !
This was one aspect of the question. :
We have been repeatedly told that the national
honor of these United States is involved in this
question—that the national honor of the United
States is involved in the contest with Mexico.
But, as he had already said, if the national honor
depended on the manifestation of military prowess,
they had already vindicated theirclaim to national
honor. With a view, then, to the ascertainment
whether the mode now proposed for terminating1 .
this war was in accordance with the proposition :
that the national honor was involved in the con-
test, whether such a mode of terminating the war !
would consist with national honor, he asked them
to consider what were the purposes which led them :
lo engage in the war? When the recognition of
the war took place, it was asserted that they had ,
existing causes for war. What were those causes?
Was it the settlement of the claims of our citizens; i
the question of boundary? or was it to manifest a
just indignation against Mexico for refusing to re-
ceive our minister? If this were the case, if the
national honor was involved in the successful as-
sertion of our rights in regard to these matters, he
might be permitted to inquire, in relation to the
first, how that object was to be secured? If the
object was to secure the just claims of their coun-
trymen, surely it was not contemplated that they
dhould pay to the Mexican rulers three million* of
dollars for the purpose of inducing them to agree
to pay those claims. Surely, if that was the'ob-
ject, a much simpler process might be adopted. 1
They might assume the claims of their own citi-
zens, and thus secure to them the receipt of the
money, which would be rendered very question-
able, he apprehended, if it were applied as secret-
service money. The first object of this war could
not, therefore, be attained by the appropriation ■
contemplated by this bill. In relation to that mat-
ter, we were entitled to receive payment from the ;
Mexicans, and not to pay them. In regard to the
boundary of Texas, he agreed that this was a
question that was open to negotiation between the
two countries: he agreed that the attainment of a
proper boundary for the State of Texas might im-
pose upon them the obligation of making pecuniary
compensation to Mexico. I~[e was perfectly con-
tent that compensation should be made. The
boundary as claimed by Texas and the one that
was recognised by the Mexican republic were
widely different. If, by negotiation with Mexico, '
it were possible to obtain her consent to the estab-
lishment of the boundary as contemplated by the '
Legislature of Texas to the Rio Grande, he would
be perfectly content in that ease to pay to Mexico
what might be deemed a fair equivalent for that 1
which would inure to the benefit of Texas; but any .
amount of money to be thus paid, he apprehended,
would be paid under the stipulations of a treaty,
and was not a sum to be distributed among Mexi- ■
can rulers, or paid in advance to the Mexican Gov-
ernment.
And as to the remaining cause, the indignity
offered to the minister of the United States by re-
fusing him a reception: tf he could be disposed to
visit upon the then President of Mexico, Herrera,
whose Government was tottering to its* fall; if he
could be disposed to visit on the Mexican nation
punishment for the alleged indignities offered by
the functionary of the Mexican Government to our
minister, in refusing to do that which was entirely
beyond his power, or at least inconsistent with his
safety to do; or if he could hold him responsible
for the misconduct of the military usurper who
succeeded him, be it so, although not among other
nations considered a legitimate cause of war/, but
did they mean to purchase an apology for that in-
dignity by the use of this three millions of dollars?
But he learned from the discussion on this subject
that this money was not to be applied in fulfilment
of a treaty to be entered into by Mexico, but that
the object was by it to dispose the Mexican rulers
to e«ter into such treaty. He submitted to the
Senate of the United States if this was not a new
principle in the diplomacy of the American nation.
In the history of our various and multiplied nego-
tiations with foreign Powers, he apprehended there
could be found no instance in which the National
Legislature had agreed to appropriate an amount
of money to be applied to dispose a foreign Gov-
ernment to enter into a treaty with us, such as was
contemplated in the present case. He did not un-
derstand that this money was to be employed for
the purpose of paying Mexico for the cession of
any territory which we desired to possess; but, as
he understood from the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, it was proposed that the
money be placed in the hands of the President, in
order to enable him by its agency to dispose the
hearts of the Mexican rulers to make peace.
Mr. SEVIER. If the Senator will allow me 
Mr. BERRIEN". Oh, certainly.
Mr. SEVIER said he did not suppose that any
other Senator, except the Senator from Georgia,
so understood his remarks. He had expressly
stated that these three millions of dollars were
wanted to make an advance, in part purchase of a
cession of territory. We had gone into a war
against our consent, and, having done so, for the
purpose of indemnifying ourselves in part for the
expenses incurred in the war, it was deemed proper
that we should obtain from the Mcxican Govern-
ment a cession of the provinces of Upper Califor-
nia and New Mexico.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator from Arkansas
had a perfect right, and it was cheerfully accorded
to him, to express his own understanding of the
remarks he had made. He was disposed to under-
stand the Senator in no other terms than those
which he chose to employ, and, as some apology
for the misapprehension into which he had fallen,
he reminded the Seriate that it was expressly stated
by the Senator from Arkansas that he was not
authorized to say to what extent the Government
would require a cession of territory to be made by
way of indemnity, but he supposed that the ces-
sion of New Mexico and Upper California would
be the least which any Senator would believe they
were entitled to receive by way of indemnity for
the expenses of the war.
Mr. SEVIER. All right, except by way of in-
demnity.
Mr. BERRTEN. Very well. If that was the
least which they thought they were entitled to re-
ceive from Mexico, how could it be otherwise than
for indemnity? Were they entitled to receive any-
thing from Mexico by way of purchase ? There
were two parties to all contracts. If Mexico chose
to sell anything to us, and we chose to buy, this
would constitute a contract; but when they spoke
of a right to receive, when they spoke of a contract
founded on a preexisting state of things, in which
preexisting state of things expenses had been in-
curred, that which they might receive in return for
those expenses must be by way of indemnity. He
did not understand the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations to withhold his assent from
the statement that this money was to be employed
to dispose the Mexican rulers to enter into a treaty
for the cession of New Mexico and California.
Mr. SEVIER. I hope the Senator, when he
comments on my speech, will read the words I
used as reported in the papers. I said this money
was wanted for the purpose of making peace: not
as secret-service money, as the Senator throughout
his remarks seemed to suppose, but as money for
which a return was to be made by the President
publicly, openly, before the world. I said I con-
ceived that, the honor and the interest of the coun-
try required on the part of Mexico two things:
indemnity in part for the expenses of the war, in
the first place, and in the next, the payment of the
i claims of our citizens; and to effect this object,
. that a cession of a part of her territory would be
i necessary, for it was not to be supposed that she
j had got the money to pay us with; and I said that
, I supposed no Senator would be willing to take
j less for this purpose than New Mexico and Upper
| California. These were my remarks, in substance,
| and I hope the Senator wifl take them as I made
| them.
! Mr. BERRIEN. The remarks in the opening
I argument of the Senator from Arkansas, to which
he (Mr. B.) referred, were these:
| "He [Mr S.] was not authorized to state pre-
' cisely what territory this Government would require
for this indemnity, and for the payment of these
claims. "
Mr. SEVIER. Exactly.
Mr. BERRIEN. The report continues: t( but
he supposed that no Senator would suppose that
they are to get less than New Mexico and Upper
California" 
: Mr. SEVIER. Yes, and by treaty.
| Mr. BERRIEN. Then follows this declaration:
| " He did not suppose that a treaty of peace with
; less than this would ever pass this body."
| Mr. SEVIER. Those are the remarks I made.
| Mr. BERRIEN. Then follows some remarks
i as to the objects contemplated, and then the Sena-
j tor says:
1 Ck On our part, we begin to feel that we are engaged in an
; expensive war—i war attended by a great sacrifice of life,
■ and one calculated to exhaust, to a great extent, the means
; of this Government, and, if continued for a great while
; longer, must lesult m imposing heavy burdens upon our
j people. But, it may be asked, can a lasting, permanent
! peace, be made under the circumstances in which Mexico
was placed, divided, as that feeble, badly-governed, and
unhappy country was, into various ramifications of party,
tactions existing everywhere, an unstable government, and
: no one party sufficiently strong to make peace ! The intel-
ligence possessed bj- the Pie^ident gave them reason to be-
hove that, by a cpitarn advance in money to be made to
them, m their evhau-ted and impoverished condition, to pay
off their army and othei expenses, they would be willmgand
able to make poacc, and cede, for the objects specified, that
portion of the country he had named."
Mr. SEVIER. Exactly.
Mr. BERRIEN. Do I understand the Senator
to say that that is a correct report?
I Mr. SEVIER. Certainly.
; Mr. BERRIEN said, it seemed to him, without
I entering into any discussion upon this point—for
; he was always ready to receive from the honorable
! Senator his own view of what he said—that, if he
i had been under a misapprehension, there was
; some cause for such misapprehension. But to
, proceed: This was a new principle in the diplo-
macy of this country, to negotiate with a foreign
■ Power, giving to her in advance a certain sun of
; money to be applied to her exigencies, and to pay
i her army and other expenses, for the purpose of
i disposing her to make peace; for the purpose of
payments to her army. There, he apprehended,
was the real key to this operation. The President
of the United States probably felt—the Senator
from Arkansas felt probably, what they all felt,
that any act of the Mexican rulers, not sustained
by the army, would be inevitably unreliable; and
it was therefore to propitiate the army in favor of
any negotiation into which they might enter, that
this money was to be applied. He did not know
whether it could properly be called secret-service
money; he did not know that it could be properly
said to be money given to the Mexican rulers to
dispose them to make peace; but this he did know,
that the history of this country, so far as he was
acquainted, afforded no instance whatever of any
case in which money had been appropriated by
this Government for such a purpose. In their
negotiations with Indian tribes, certainly, they
sometimes provided fov their sustenance, and, in-
dulging the ancient habits of that people, they
sometimes made presents to their chiefs. But he
did not know that they had transferred, or were
about to transfer, in their dealings with foreign
countries, the observances which had been follow-
ed in relation to the Indian tribes. Were they dis-
posed to deal with Mexico as with the savage tribes?
Were they disposed, in looking to the necessitous
condition of Mexico, considering her Government
unstable and insufficient to preserve the stipula-
tions of any treaty, were they disposed to conciliate
opposing parties by the payment of money ? He
apprehended not. He apprehended that the opera-
tions of the distinguished chief who was now at
the head of the Mexican army might possibly be
