380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
interest, I ask you, is it consistent with the national
interest to acquire such territory? Consider it as
already acquired, either by the use of the money
which it is proposed to appropriate by this bill, or
by the force of our arms; consider that territory as
acquired, and 1 hope Senators are now ready to
answer the question, how will you dispose of this
territory? When you get these provinces, what
will you do with them ? Will you remove the ex-
isting population that settle in the West, and popu-
late them by emigrants from the United States?
That may not be. You cannot do it without vio-
lating every principle of the law of nations—every
principle which has been recognised by your own
courts of justice. Whether these territories be ac-
quired by conquest or by purchase, the moment
they pass under your domination their inhabitants
become the objects of, and are entitled to, your
protection. What next, then? If you must pro-
tect this people and the territory which they in-
habit, will you govern them as provinces? Will
you send your governors of provinces to superin-
tend and protect them? On what principles will
you govern them ? On what page of the Constitu-
tion do you find your authority? Whence—by
what principle of analogy—do you derive your au-
thority to govern these extensive territories as
provinces? Whatnext? If you may not depopu-
late them-—if you may not govern them as prov-
inces—will you exercise the power given you
under the Constitution, and obviously given while
the view of the framers of it was confined within
the territorial limits of the then United States?
Will you exercise the power of governing them as
territoiies, ami, of course, entitle them to the privi-
lege of being incorporated as States of the Union,
when they shall have attained the requisite number
of inhabitants? Are you willing to put your birth-
right m the keeping of the mongrel races who in-
habit these territories by incorporating them into the
Federal Union? For myself, I am free to declare,
?ion hose in fcedercty and I believe that declaration will
be responded to from the remotest extremities of
this widely-extended Union. Then, what is it for
which we are contending? What is the position
to which this lust for the acquisition of territory is
about to lead us? When we shall have acquired
these territories, how are we to surmount the diffi-
culties which will necessarily attend their posses-
sion ? We cannot, consistently with the Consti-
tution, govern it as an independent province. We
cannot, consistently with what we owe to our-
selves, put it into a condition to be incorporated
with the American Union. But suppose you
could: Do not you bring with it that question
which more than any other menaces the duration
and the permanence of this Union? Do you
believe that any treaty which may be negotiated
with Mexico can receive the constitutional sanc-
tion of this body, leaving the question of slavery
open? Do you believe it can receive the con-
stitutional sanction of this body excluding sla-
very? Do you believe it can receive the consti-
tutional sanction of this body, peimittmg slave-
ry? Grant that I am wrong in the opinon which
would seem to be indicated by the President—that
it would be practicable to obtain the constitutional
majority of the Seriate to a treaty which would
leave open the question of slavery—and I ask
southern Senators whether they would not slum-
ber upon their posts if their assent were given to
a treaty leaving that question open ? I ask them
if it is not their imperative duty to the States which
they represent, when any acquisition of territory
shall be made by treaty, to take care that the do-
mestic institutions and interests of the States which
they represent are protected by the express stipu-
lations of that treaty ? Suppose these overlooked
—suppose southern Senators, under the influence
of whatever motive, should acquiesce in the acqui-
sition of territory without such a stipulation as
would protect their interests, what follows? Inev-
itably, with the certainty of fate, the exclusion of
their constituents from their constitutional right to
a participation in the benefits of the territory ac-
quired by common effort. The process is easy 
it is simple—it is obvious—it is undeniable. On
the question of the admission of this territory—if
you were to govern it as a territory, with a view
to its subsequent admission, when the number of
its population would justify that procedure—on
the question of its admission as a State, the nu-
merical superiority of the free States would hold
us in chains. We may not hope to secure to our
constituents any right to participate in the benefits
of such an acquisition, unless we agree to surren-
der, in advance, that portion of our property over
which we have theguarantee of the Constitution.
It. then especially behooved southern Senators
to oppose themselves to the acquisition of territory
in any form, because, as it is quite certain that no
territory will be acquired by treaty in which the
right to exercise their domestic institutions will be
stipulated, and inasmuch as the territory acquired
by a treaty which would leave that an open ques-
tion, will inevitably result in their exclusion—I
say, in my humble judgment, and speaking as a
southern Senator representing a southern State,
that the duty of the South—the interests of the
South—the safety of the South—demands that we
should oppose ourselves to any and to every ac-
quisition of territory. But the appeal is not merely
to southern Senators, but to American Senators
from whatever quarter of this Union they may
come. The appeal is to them to exclude from the
national councils this direful question. The acqui-
sition of territory must bring before us, with accu-
mulated force, a question which now menaces the
permanence of this Union. It cannot be that
southern men can silently acquiesce in the denial
to them of a common right insured in the Consti-
tution of the United States. If we have a right to
the acquisition of territory—if that acquisition is
made by the common effort of all the States, then
all the States are alike entitled to participate in the
benefits which result from such an acquisition. But
if the inevitable tendency of such an acquisition be
as I have described it, then we must be excluded
from such a participation in the benefits of the ac-
quisition. In that case, one of two things remains—
to assert, at whatever hazard, our rights, and the
rights of our constituents; or to give a renewed
unexampled manifestation of our devotion to the
bond of our Federal Union, by submitting to tins
inequality of distribution in the acquisitions of our
common country.
He most anxiously desired that that fearful crisis
may not be brought about. It menaces us now,
even in the existing state of things; but in all hu-
man probability, it may, and I confidently trust it
will, be averted by the intelligence and by the
patriotism of the American people. But if you
are to introduce into this Union the vast territories
which you contemplate to acquire by cession from
Mexico, it will be a trial of the disinterestedness
and patriotism of the South, if they shall be called
upon to decide that they are willing to acquiesce in
their utter exclusion from all participation in this
rich and boundless territory.
I may be asked, with the views I have present-
ed and the amendment I have proposed, what is,
then, my purpose? Do I desire that the Govern-
ment should surrender the advantages which it has
acquired, and terminate the war without obtaining
any of the ends which were sought? Sir, that is
not my purpose. 1 have said distinctly that I am
willing to unite with Senators m strengthening the
Executive aim foi the prosecution of this war. I
have said that we are entitled to obtain a proper
security for the payment of the just claims of our
citizens upon the Government of Mexico, although
I confess I do not think that the forbearance to
press these claims to the extent of dipping Mexi-
can bonds in Mexican blood would have been any
violation of our national honor. But I am pre-
pared to say that wc are entitled to demand from
Mexico, on the termination of the war, such a se-
curity as would be satisfactory to ourselves for the
payment of these bonds. I am prepared to prose-
cute this war until Mexico shall be disposed to
make a just and liberal settlement of the bounda-
ries of Texas, and willing to make her an adequate
compensation for any portion of territory which j
she may imagine she has a title to, and which she I
would have surrendered by that treaty. I am pre-
pared to do this. I am not prepared to wrest from
her any portion of her territory beyond that which
she may be disposed to yield without either the j
coiruption of money or the application of force. 1
I am willing, if Mexico is disposed to cede it, to j
acquire, for the purposes of our commerce, a port !
on the Pacific ocean, and to make her ample com- j
pensation for it; putting us in connexion with i
the territory which we already possess on that
vast ocean, and without the necessity of dismem-
bering her Government by extending the line of
our territory. I am willing to give the money for
such a purpose. I would say, take that money,
but take it with the knowledge of Mexico, and all
the world, that you do not mean to dismember her
territory—that you are willing to negotiate this
matter upon principles consistent with her nghtsand
with your rights, with her honor and with your hon-
or; take it with thedisavowal of the intention, com-
municated on the part of the President of the United
States, by the distinct enunciation of your own
views and intentions as the Congress of this great
republic. I have not proposed to you to withdraw
your troops from the territory of Mexico. I have
not proposed to you a renewal of negotiations. I
have not proposed to you the abandonment of any
of your just claims upon Mexico. I have not
proposed to you that you should for an instant
relax your efforts to conquer that peace which is
desirable to us all. But I ask of you to relieve
yourselves from the imputation of prosecuting this
war against a feeble and neighboring republic, with
a superiority of force which you may command,
for purposes not required by the national honor,
and merely for the gratification of ycur lust for
acquisition of territory. I ask you to put yourselves
right before the people of Mexico and the world.
I ask you to take from them the courage of despair,
which is the feeling and the motive which now ac-
tuates and animates them. I ask yon to exhibit your-
selves in that attitude in which a nation, strong and
powerful as we are, ought to be presented to the na-
tions of this world; and then, if Mexico, maddened
by whatever cause, under the influence of whatever
infatuation, shall refuse to accept the proffered
pledge of the national legislature of the Union—if
she shall madly rush to her doom—then strike for
peace—strike for peace, with all the force which
you can command. Ay, and every American will
unite in the exclamation—"God defend the right!"
But I desire that you should place yourselves in
this attitude, that the national character may be
relieved from the imputation of pursuing this war
solely for the purpose of acquiring territory—of
affecting to vindicate the national honor, and call-
ing upon the victims of our superior force to in-
demnify us for the expense of that vindication !
I do not express to you any more than what I
believe to be the feeling of my constituents, when
I say that I think we have been unnecessarily in-
volved in this war, and by a violation of the power
which belongs to the American Congress. I do but
express the feelings of that people, as I understand
them, when I say, that as this war exists, and has
been recognised by Congress, they are willing, uni-
tedly, with heart and hand, to pursue it vigorously
to a successful issue. But I express, also, what I
believe to be the feeling of that people, when I say
that they would utterly repudiate the idea of dis-
membering a neighboring republic, and dismem-
hering her for the purpose of defraying the expen-
ses of a war into which we have entered with the
proud feeling that we were vindicating our national
honor.
Sir, I have been perfectly sensible of the respon-
sibility which attended the position which, under
a conviction of duty, I have thus been disposed
and which I have thus determined to adopt. I
have been admonished by past experience of the
discourtesy which may result in the excitement of
debate. I am admonished of the rabidness with
which a party press may pounce upon individuals
engaged in the discharge of their duty. These
things pass me ns the idle wind. I should feel that
I had lived to little purpose, if in the honest dis-
charge of my duty as an American Senator, I could
not express fully, freely, unreservedly, the convic-
tions of my judgment. I desire to say to you, sir,
and to the Senators generally, that I have acted in
i the belief of the truth of the principles for which I
have contended, and especially in the belief of the
tiuth of this proposition, that, however we may
seek to shelter ourselves by transferring the respon-
sibility of this war to the President of the United
States, who, in fact, is responsible for it in its ori-
gin: yet that we have adopted it and recognised it;
we have pledged ourselves to its prosecution, and
therefore we are responsible, and cannot relieve
ourselves of that responsibility, but by a faithful
discharge of the duties which it imposed upon us.
We are responsible in the face of the civilized
world—we are responsible in the sight of Heaven;
ay, and there is another responsibility which may
perhaps be brought home to us—we are responsible
to the civilized world, that we should conduct this
war with a feeble neighboring republic upon princi-
ples which the improvements in international law
