3S4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
Public Buildings and Grounds, moved to amend
the bill by inserting after the preceding item the
following, which was agreed to:
"For annual repairs of the Capitol, lamp-lighters, oil for
lamps, wicks, and repairs of lamps and lamp-posts, attend-
anee on furnaecs of the crypt, attendance in water closets,
cleaning the rotundo and ciypt, biu^hes and brooms, labor-
ers and cartage on the Capitol giounds, tools, wire, twine,
leather, nails, stakes, manure and straw for grounds, spent
a<?he«, lime, and plaster for ground?,trees, attendance at the
western gates of the Capitol, enlarging watch-box at the
northwestern gate of the Capitol, repairs of public stables,
flasrging and enclosures, keeping in order iron pipes that
convey the water to the Capitol and public offices, for re-
pairs to the western front of the Capitol, to prevent the
breaking of the wall over the windows in the basement
story, to necessary repairs to the southern abutrrrentof the
b;idi*e across Pennsylvania avenue and Second street, over
Tiber creek, new basin at fountain, and repairing jets d'eau,
sliovcliingsnow, and wooden spades, and gardener's salaiy,
$10,481 50."
"For annual repairs of President's House, gardener's sal-
ary, laborers and cartage, tools, lime, twine, leather, nails,
btakes,-travv for plants and oil foi lamps, manure for garden
and grounds and Lafayette Squaie, repairs of fence at Foun-
tain Squaie, Lafayette Squaie, and President's garden, and
assistant gardener, $3,806 23.*'
"For annual expenses of the Columbia Fire Company
and the Franklin Fire Company, $100."
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved to amend
the bill, by striking out the item " For additional
compensation, at $800 each, to the district judges
of Missouri, Arkan<as, Louisiana, Mississippi,
and Alabama, under the provisions of the first sec-
tion of the act of 17th June, 1844, $4,000." This
amendment was agreed to.
Mi*. WOODWORTH moved to amend the bill
by inserting after the item " For contingent ex-
penses under the act for the collection and safe-
keeping-, transfer, and disbursement of the public
revenue, "&c., the following: "To enable the Clerk
of the House of Representatives to pay for the
books furnished to the members of the House of
Representatives of this Congress, who had re-
ceived them by the oidcr of the House of the 3d of
August last, and for books furnished under former
i evolutions to membeis of this House, §72,205 27."
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to amend the
bill by inserting after the item s4For compiling,
printing, and binding the Biennial Register," the
following; which was agreed to:
"To reimburse the owners the principal specie value of
loan office and final settlement certificates which may be
produced and exhibited, the sum of $0,000: Provided, That
no p.irt of the sum >o appropnated -shall be eiYrned to the
&uiptu< fund, as m oidmaiy ea<e>, but shall remain subject
to the direction of the. accounting ofhccis of the treasury,
to mi'i't the claims th.it may arhe from time to tune: Jlud
provided. That liogie.iter amount of interest be allowed on ;
the said eeitukate^ ihan would have been allowed had they I
been funded undei the act of the 4th August, 1790." :
Mr. J, R. INGERSOLL moved to amend the j
bill by inserting immediately alter the preceding,
the following; which was agreed to: !
" To pay Swan and Palmer lor work executed by them J
at Twin JVliiud, on the Ohio river, above the falls, $6,497 25;
Pronded, the account be fir-t settled by the proper account- ;
mg ofiicer of the Treasury Department." j
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the item u For !
interest, payable 10th August, 1847, and 10th Feb- !
ruary, 1848, on $320,000 five per cent, stock, issued
for the payment of principal and interest of the
fourth and filth instalments of the Mexican indem-
nity, due in April and July, 1844, per act of the
10th August, 1846, $1G,000." Agreed to. j
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to amend the bill !
by striking out of the item " For salaries of 238 '
keepers and 16 assistant keepers of light-houses," '
&.C., the words " and superintendent on Lake i
Michigan." Agreed to. i
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the bill by insert- ,
ing after the item for the salaries of Ministers to I
Gtuat Britain, France, Russia, &c., the following !
"For outfit of a Minister to Mexico, $9,000.&" j
Agreed to. |
Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the second ;
scction by inserting therein the following, which i
was rejected: j
" For deficiency m the appropriation for the salary of the !
late Commissioner to the Sandwich I.-lands, $4,280 33, arrive- !
abiy to the recommendation and estimate of the Secretary
of State." „
Mr. DANIEL P. KING moved to amend the
bill by inserting, after the item £s For salaries of the
district attorney and marshal of Texas," &c., the
following: " For payment of balance of salary due
George Brown, late Commissioner to the Sand-
wich Islands, $2,000." Disagreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the hill by adding
to the item " For additional salaries of treasurers of
the mint at Philadelphia and branch mint at New
Orleans," &c., the following: "Provided, That the
salaries of the assistant treasurers and their clerks,
and the additional salaries of the treasurers of the
mint, shall commence only from the day on which
they respectively entered upon the discharge of
their several offices." Agreed to.
Mr. McDANIEL offered an amendment, to
come in at the end of the bill, (of which the Re-
porter was unahle to obtain a copy.)
The CHAI3MAN decided the amendment out
of order.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the bill by add-
ing at the end thereof the fallowing. Agreed, to.
"For compensation of two clerks in the office of the Fourth
Auditor, at $1,000 each per annum, $2,000.
" For contingent expenses including stationery and blank
book*, in tlie office of the Second Auditor, .^295.
" For outstanding claims for the late mission to China, to
be settled by the Secretary of State upon principles of equity
and justice, a sum not exceeding $7,700."
Mr. HENLEY moved to amend the bill by-
adding at the end thereof an amendment, which
the reporter believes was in relation to the mile-
age of Senators and members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, requiring that the mileage of Senators
and members should be computed according to the
shortest mail route, &c.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order.
Mr. HENLEY appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The question was then stated, Shall the decision
stand as the judgment of the committee? and deci-
ded in the affirmative; and the decision of the Chair
was sustained.
Mr. SAWYER called the attention of the Chair
to his motion to strike out the items " For the pur-
chase of books for the Congress Library, $5,000,"
and " For the purchase of books for the law libra-
ry, $1,000," made yesterday, and asked that the
vote might be taken.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order, as those items had been read and agreed
to before the gentleman [Mr. Sawyer] had made
the motion to strike out.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved to add, at the end of
the bill, the following: " For expenses incurred in
the support of Africans recaptured and landed on
the coast of Africa in the year 1845 from on board
of the barque Pons, $15,000."
The CHAIRMAN decided this amendment out
of order.
Mr. DOUGLASS appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The question was stated, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, and the amendment accord-
ingly decided out of order.
The bill and amendments were then reported to
the House.
And the question being on concurring in the said
amendments and ordering the bill to a third read-
ing—
Mr. WOODWORTH demanded the previous
question.
There was a second. And the main question
was ordered to be now put.
The amendments were concurred in, and the bill
(having been ordered to a third reading now) was
read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Win7tiirop in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bills on the private calendar.
A bill for the rehet of the legal representatives
of Sim:m Spaulding, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William I3unce, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Martha Clark;
A joint resolution for the relief of M. A. Price
and E. A. White;
Were severally read and ordered to be reported
to the House without amendment.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Smith T.
was amended, and so ordered to be reported.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported
the three first-mentioned bills and joint resolution
to the House, and the last bill as amended.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House again re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOGE moved to adjourn, which motion
was rejected.
Mr. DANIEL moved a call of the House; the
motion was rejected; thereupon,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 6, 1847.
TheJournal ofyesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Lake Michigan to tlie
Pacific Ocean; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands;
Also, the proceedings of a public meeting held at
the court-house of Belmont county, Ohio, to take
into consideration our present relations with Mexi-
co, the manner in which the war now existing with
that country has been conducted, and the means
necessary to its vigoious and successful prosecu
tion, which were read, and laid on the table.
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial of Wil-
liam H. Thomas, agent for the eastern Cherokees,
! praying an equitable adjustment of their claims un-
j der the treaty of 1835-6; which was referred to the
; Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Nehe-
miah Brush, asking for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a series of resolutions adopted by the Le-
gislature of Illinois, in reference to the graduation or
cession of the public lands, the improvement of the
Mississippi river and the lake harbors, and grant-
ing pensions to person^ employed in the ranging
service of the United States during the last war;
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Jean
Baptiste Beaubien, praying confirmation of his title
to a tract of land; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of citizens of
Monroe county, New York, praying that theTon-
awanda band of Indians may be excepted from the
execution of the tieaty of 1842 with the Seneca
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. EYANS presented the petition of inhabit-
ants of the town of Bluehill, in the State of Maine,
praying the adoption of measures to bring the ex-
isting war with Mexico to a speedy close; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. DIX presented a series of jointresolutions of
the Legislature of New York, setting forth that no
peace with Mexico can be regarded as honorable
to the United States which shall not secuie full
indemnity for the aggressions committed upon the
rights of this country and its citizens; and that if
any territory is hereafter acquired or annexed, the
act by which it is acquired or annexed should con-
tain an unalterable fundamental article or provision
whereby slavery or involuntary servitude shall be
forever excluded; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE (on leave) introduced a bill to es-
tablish a court at Key West, in the State of Flor-
ida; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MOREHEAD (on leave) introduced a bill
to amend the act extending the jurisdiction of the
district courts to certain cases upon the lakes and
navigable waters connecting the same, approved
the 26th of February, 1845; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
^>Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, (on leave,) in-
troduced a bill supplemental to an act passed 9th
July, 1846, entitled "An act to retrocedethe coun-
ty of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to
the State of Virginia;" which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a joint resolution for the relief of Caleb
Green; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. R., from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of Joseph Watson; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. R., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bill from the House for the relief
of John C. Stewart and others, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. R., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bill from the House for the relief
j of the estates of Benjamin Metoyer and Francois
Gaiennie, deceased, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committeeon Pensions,
reported a bill granting a pension to Abigail Gar-
land, widow of Jacob Garland, deceased; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
