1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
James S. Conway; which was read, and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of James P. Sutheron; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. BAGBY offered the following resolution for
consideration:
Resolved, As the opinion of the Senate, that the
resolution of the Legislature of New York, decla-
ring, " that if any territory is hereafter acquired by
' the United States, or annexed thereto, the act by
'which such territory is acquired or annexed,
' whatever such act may be, should contain an un-
' alterable fundamental article or provision, where-
' by slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a
' punishment for crime, shall be forever excluded
'from the territory acquired or annexed," is m
derogation of the Constitution of the United States,
and at war with the rights and interests of the
States in which slavery exists.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded, as m
committee of the whole, to the consideration of the
bill to regulate the exercise of the appellate juris-
diction of the Supreme Court of the united States
in certain cases, and for other purposes.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to amend the bill as fol-
lows : ^
Alter the word " Floiida," in the 5th line of the 1st sec-
tion, inseit " under and by virtue of Hie act ot CotigietoS of
!2Jd May, lS2d, entitled 'An a<-t s-upp,ementary to the &tv-
eial ai'-t* providing foi the fcettleiiKiit and confirmation of
puvate land chum-? in Flouda,- and under and by vntue of*
an act entitled ' An act to piovide for the final settlement ot
land claims 111 Florida,' approved !<Jdth May, 18o0.;>
After the word "and," 111 the aame hue, insert "in the
several cases winch werd pending."
After the word "court!-," in the 4tli hue of the 4th sec-
tion, ln-seit " under and by virtue of the act of Congress of
23d May, Ib23, entitled 'An act supplementary to uje sev-
eral rtet> ptoviding for the settlement and continuation of
private land claims in Florida,' and undtr and by vntue <.f
an act entitled 'An act to provide fur the final settlement ot
land claims in Florida,5 approved 2ith May, J 830."
After the woid "and," in the same Jjuo, insert " of all
cases winch weie pending and undetermined in the.''
After the woid 'kto,'' m the 5th line of tno oth section,
insert " the eouit ol appeals ot said Territory, oi to."
In tne 9rli and 10th lints ot the oth  pption, stnke out the
wotds "to the Supreme Court of the United States."
At the end of the 5th section add the woids "to the Su-
pieme Court of the United States, winch shall have jurisdic-
tion to levievv the saint*.?J
Add a new section to the bill as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any unfinished
business, or proceedings now lemaiuing or pending before
the judge of the f-uporioi court at St. Augusune, as a com-
missioner, undei and by vntue of the "Act for the lehet of
ceitain inhabitants of £ tst Florida," approved 20th June,
1834, or under any oth jr act granting special powers or im-
posing special dunes upon said judge, be, and the same are
heieby, tran.-ieired to toe judge ot tne district court ol the
eastern district of Florida, to be proceeded in and finished,
or decided in the same manner piovidedf'or by laiv; and the
said distuct judge shad have, exercise, ana possess, the,
same duties, powers, and lights, which have, by virtue of
the act ot 2,iih June, lfc34, aforesaid, or otheiwise been pos-
seted and exeicised by the said judge ol the superior court
at St. Augustine, so far as m iy bj necessary to enable tiie
said diotrict judge to determine and furnish any matter, busi-
ness, or proceedings now pending and undetermined Leioie
the judge of the supeuor eouit aforesaid, by vntue oi any
&uch special act.
Mr. ASHLEY expressed a wish for some ex-
planation of the last amendment.
Mr. YUJLliE explained.
The amendment was then agreed to.
JVlr. WOODBRIDGE moved further to amend
the bill by adding the following section:
S>. n. 7. Jlad be it farther enacted, Titat ail and singular
the piovicions of tins act, so ur as may be, shall be, ami |
the> aie heieby, made applicable to all cases which were '
pending m the .-upieme or other siipenor eouits of and loi
ihe hit1 Teintory or Munigau, at the tune said Teiniory
was admitted a& a State into the Union, and to all ta-«s m
winch judgments or deeiees iiave be^n rendered m t-aid t-u-
preme oi superior eouit o! said Lite Teintory of Michigan,
and not hitherto renewed as aioresaid by win of erioi or
appeal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Wo fui theramendment being offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and the amendments were
concurred 111.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives informing the Senate that said House
had passed an act making appropriation for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1848, and for other
purposes.
Said bill was read a first and second time, by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
A message was also received from the House of
Representatives, informing the Senate that said
House insisted upon its amendments to the bill to
raise, for a limited time, an additional military
force, and for other purposes, and had agreed to
the confeience asked for by the Senate, and had
appointed Messrs. Boyd, Morse, and J. R. In-
gersoll, managers on their part.
THREE MILLION BAL.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the special order
was taken up, and the Senate resumed the consid-
eration, as in committee of the whole, of the bill
making further appropriation to bring the exist-
ing war with Mexico to a speedy ana honorable
conclusion.
The question being upon the following amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] to the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] and intended as a substi-
tute therefor:
Strike out all after the word " provided," and insert:
"And it is heieby declared to be tin- tine intent and mean
nig ot" Congress, m making tins appropnation, that, as by
the act of the lepublie ot Mexico, a stale of war exists be-
tween that Government and tile Uiuti'd States, agreeably to
the deelaiation made by this Congress, on the I3tli dav of
May last, therefore tile interest and honor of this country
icquire that the caul war be vigorously prosecuted to a >ut -
cestui i>sue, and that a reasonable indemnity should bp
obtained from Mexico fur the wrongs she has committed
towards the Government and the citizens ol tile United
States.
"And it is further declared that ihe nature and extent of
such indemnity are pioper subjects, in the first instance, for
executive consideiatlou, when negotiations for peace may
be opened between this eountty and Mexico, subject to the
action ot the Senate 011 the question of ratification."
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON then rose and ad-
dressed the Senate to the following effect:
Mr. President : The question pending before the
Senate is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan as a substitute for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Geoigia to the
bill as reported from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations. The single question, therefore, and prop-
erly the only one before the Senate, is as to the
propriety of this amendment. But 111 what I am
about to say, it being, perhaps, the only occasion
on which 1 may have to trouble the Senate on this
subject, I propose to myself a wider latitude, and
to extend my remarks to other matters, as grow-
ing out of this proposition. And I will venture to
hope for the indulgence of the Senate for what I
may thus feel myself called on to say, because I
find myself somewhat unexpectedly thrown into
the discussion of this bill. Nothing, certainly, was
further from my purpose, in this stage of the de-
bate, when the Senator from Georgia concluded
his admirable speech yesterday. In my simplicity,
I took it for granted that the amendment submitted
by the Senator from Michigan would not be suf-
fered by him to go to a vote, without his saying a
single word in its support. It is on its face an im-
poitant proposition; but it is not on its face an
amendment obviously connected with this bill. It
has been started on the Senate without previous
notice, suddenly, and apparently without even con-
sultation with the Senator's own political friends.
It embiaces, Mr. President, a high and momentous
principle of public policy, a principle not only of
vital importance 111 the present condition of the
country, but of vital importance m any similar
situation m which the country may hereafter be
placed. In this situation, seeing the vote about to
be taken, even before time was allowed for the
presenting of the amendment, I inquired of my
friend from Michigan if it was not his purpose to
make a statement of the grounds on which he had
submitted the proposition. I was answered, as I
distinctly heard the honorable Senator, that it was
not. I could not have been more surprised if our
friend Santa Ana had proved true to the promise,
either given or implied, under which he was per-
mitted to pass through our blockading squadron to |
enter Mexico, and to head the troops now marshal-
led in battle-array against us. I pondered for a
moment, and then came to the conclusion that a
night's reflection would be sufficient to satisfy the
Senator from Michigan that it was no less due to
the country, than to his own reputation, that a
proposition of such a character should be defended
by all the arguments which his ability could pre-
sent. Under this impression I moved the adjourn-
ment. But I have taken nothing by my motion.
The honorable Senator is as still as the grave.
Why is this? Has the, proposition been offered
without due reflection ? If so, it should be with-
drawn. Has it been carefully considered ? Does
it meet with the concurrence of the Senator's po-
litical friends ? Does it express the sentiments of
the President of the United States ? If so, it is due
to all that it should be defended with all that abil-
ity which the distinguished Senator from Michi-
gan possesses. On this side the chamber, we think
we have a right respectfully to ask the aid of lights
which we ourselves are not able to furnish. Imt,
the effulgent intellect of the Senator from Michigan
shine upon this proposition, that the darkness of
our minds may be illuminated, and that we may be
enabled to see it in its intrinsic excellence. I do
not yet despair that this will be done, although
the prospect is exceedingly discouraging. We yet
have strong reason for hope. The American peo-
ple have a right to expect it; the well-earned rep-
utation of the honorable Senator, at home and
abroad, invokes it; public feeling will not, should
not, be satisfied without it. His high character,
his long experience, his mature judgment, his nice
sense of honor, public and private, cannot fail to
make the world solicitous to learn the grounds on
which he places his amendment. And I trust, al-
though a night's reflection has not been able to
bring my friend from Michigan on the floor to-day,
that we shall find him in his proper place there on
Monday next.
What is the proposition ? In order to under-
stand it, it is necessary to see what the bill- is
which it is proposed thus to amend ? During the
last session of Congress, the President of the"Qni-
ted States, first in secret and then in open session,
asked for an appropriation for the purpose of ne-
gotiating a peace with Mexico. A bill was ac-
cordingly passed by the House, appropriating two
millions, but was defeated in the Senate by the
termination of the session pending its discussion.
In his annual message at the commencement of
this session, he reiterates the request. The chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations has
reported a bill fiom that committee, appropriating
not two, but a sum not exceeding three millions
for the purpose of enabling tho President to bring
the war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable
termination: and he has accompanied this with a
speech, to which, by-and-by, I shall pay my re-
spects. What is this bill ? [Mr. J. here read the
bill, as published 111 Tuesday's proceedings, Con-
gressional Globe, pp. 5204-5.]
To this bill the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Ber-
rien] proposes to append a proviso, concerning
which it is not my purpose, in this connexion, to
say anything. Then comes the amendment, by
way of substitute to that amendment, of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] in which he as-
sumes to give the grounds on which this appro-
priation is to be made. As one of the reasons,
reference is made to the causes which have pro-
duced the war. Another consists in a statement
of the terms on which the war is to be brought to
a conclusion, as regards the matter of the indem-
nity which the United States demand, and without
which, I presume, the war is to be interminable.
And the third is, that, in order to begin to con-
clude this war, the President must first act.
In relation to the first of these grounds, I will ask
my friend from Michigan to state, at his own good
pleasure hereafter, why he deemed it necessary, m
a bill appropriating three millions to terminate a
war in which we are engaged, to go into any ref-
erence to the cause and character of the war? Has
he any misgivings ill his own breast? Is he ap-
prehensive that his own opinion 011 the subject will
not coincide with the opinions of the people of the
United States, and that the world at large has
come to a different conclusion as to the character
of the contest'
Mr. J. went on to remark on the language of the
preamble to the law of May 13, 1846, in which it
was declared that the war was brought on by the
unauthorized act of Mexico, a proposition to which
many Senators objected, but which they were in-
duced to sanction by the spirit of patriotism which
piompted them to vindicate the honor of the Uni-
ted States, and to preserve her arms from tarnish.
He was not one of those who differed from the
President and his friends as to the fact stated in
the preamble. He had then given his reasons,
and it was not now necessary to reiterate them.
A proposition was made at that time to strike out
the preamble, but it was voted down, and this he
