338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. G,
seen its existence manifested in one of the greatest
States of this Union—the State of New York—
whose voice would be potential in all human prob-
ability in all our future political conflicts. One of
her representatives on this floor had presented res-
olutions this morning which speak the fixed and
abiding opinions of that State. But to go beyond
the resolutions and see the manner in which they
were passed, and how stood the matter? By con-
sulting the records of that State they would see
that there were but nine dissenting voices. And
what else took place ? The coterminous and almost
equally powerful State of Pennsylvania had passed
resolutions of the same import, and *by an almost
equal majority. The Legislature of Ohio, in one
of its branches, has proclaimed, 111 an equally
unanimous voice, the same doctiine; and if he was
not misinformed, one branch of the Legislature of
Michigan had announced that to be her will.
Well, what is it the resolutions from the State of
New York speak? He would request the Secre-
tary to read that resolution in relation to slavery,
to which he had alluded.
The Secretary read it accordingly.
Mr. H. JOHNSON. The Senator from Ala-
bama, he supposed, had not heard of those reso-
lutions, until they were announced at the table.
Mr. BAGBY. I had never heard or dreamed
of them.
Mr. R. JOHNSON thought so. The Senator
from Alabama instinctively lushed to the rescue of
her institutions, which he supposed to be uncon-
stitutionally and unnecessarily assailed by this
doctrine of New York. It was not his purpose to
speak on the question which those resolutions em-
braced, at least not now.
Mr. BAGBY interposed, and asked, as the reso-
lutions from New York had been read, that the
resolution offered by him might be read also.
The Secretary read it accordingly, as it appears
in the preceding part of this day's proceedings.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. Now, there was no doubt
that the Senator from Alabama not only spoke his
own opinions, but those of his constituents in that
resolution. He made bold to say, and he said it
after having had some opportunities of knowing,
that the voice of the North on this subject will be
uniform. It was useless to inquire into constitu-
tional questions until they were furccd upon them.
It was useless to examine what rights would be
left to the South if this thing is consummated. He
mentioned the fact only that there is one, and one
universal opinion pervading all political soots; and
he made bold to say that no representative, who
dures even from his constitutional convictions, by
any act of his on this floor or elsewhere, go against
it, will ever be permitted to he a representative
again. It was a matter of feeling. It resulted
from a settled and abiding conviction that slavery
is wrong in the abstract as well as the reality. It
grows out of a belief as to the extent of human
rights, and the rights which human society can
legally involve. It was a spirit of liberty, hawng I
its birth and its home in the heart; and he was 1
sure that he was not wrong, when he said that if :
it had not already coveied the whole North, the ;
whirlwind of opinion on that subject was rushing ,
on, and no man would be permitted to stand who |
attempted to resist it.
There was but one way to obviate it, and that I
way was open to us; it was a way which had
hitherto made us a happy, powerful, and united 1
people. It was by keeping the question out: and,
in his judgment, it could be done consistently |
with the national honor. What were one hun- ■
dred or two hundred millions of dollars expense ;
in which this war may involve us ? No man can !
feel the pressure of it for a moment. No man j
would know of its existence, unless he were told !
of the tact. And what was additional territory :
wanted for? Have we not enough not only for ■
the men of the present day, but for hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of millions, that may come !
into existence hereafter? Have we not degrees of !
latitude enough to furnish us with everything to '
supply man's wants and minister to his comforts? !
The pro gress of fho United -States thus far has j
announced that we have. No people that ever
breathed in pnst time or the present, can compare ■
in the prosperity which we have enjoyed and the
glory we have acquired by and for the United
States with its present territory. The war will >
have been forgotten except for the splendor of its
achievements—and they will tell the world through
all time what is the extent and ability of Ameri-
can valor—they will tell to all ymes that whenever
and however assailed, American courage and
Ameiican skill, under the guidance of American
freedom, are equal to any emergency. But great
as our prosperity is, and great as is the glory we
have heretofore had, they will be still greater if
we are but true to ourselves. "Who, looking
through the vista of time—no matter how fruitful
his imagination—no matter how sanguine his tem-
perament—can tell of the power and glory of those
that will succeed us if this Union lasts? The i
South is in no danger from whatever they might
term the honest prejudices of the North, or the
political fanaticism of the political demagogues of
the North, if there be such, who may seek to
avail themselves of such fanaticism, if the South
was true to itself, and stood together as one man t
to the. territory we now hold, covered as it was
with the regis of protection which the Constitution
affords. They dare not pass a State line, or the
Constitution will speak in a voice of authority.
Once assail us, and the laws will vindicate our j
rights. But when a new element is brought into
existence—when new States are to be brought in,
consisting of a territory equal, as the President
says, to the original thirteen States of this Union,
by conquest, then an alarming element is created,
which is calculated to frighten the most sanguine.
In the name of Heaven why was it that they were
willing to brave so much danger for such an ac-
quisition? And an acquisition obtained by such
means! Were they not satisfied with the Consti-
tution of the United States? Have we not terri-
tory enough to answer all the reasonable wants of
human society? Has not the Constitution given
to all the blessings which man can derive from
such an instrumentality' It was reared for im-
mortality, if any work of man can aspire to such
an existence, but it might perish in an hour by
forsrctfulncss, corruption, or ncgligcnce.
What, then, is to be done? He asked southern
men and northern men, if the question should be
forced upon them, what was to be done? The
North is firm as the soil upon which her freemen
tread: the South is imbued with indomitable cour-
age, and feels impressed with the conviction that
their rights are invaded. What, then, is to be the
■j result? One of two things: civil war with all its
it inconceivable evils, or the disruption of this Union.
|| The cement which keeps us all together, in a Union
l| which dispenses to all everything that any contri-
'l vancc of human society can dispense, is to be di3-
j solved; and this glorious and mighty lepublic, now
'I the pride and admiration of the world, will be
1 broken into withered and scattered fragments; and
i all by suicidal hands. And all, I again repeat, for
;i what? Because Mexico is unable to pay except
if by a cession of territory which wc will force from
! her at the point of the bayonet, or failing in that,
jj will buy a peace.
I There were many considerations connected with
j! this subject, which he had not time to touch upon
i now without trespassing on the indulgence of the
Senate. He had but a word or two to say in con-
elusion. He was sure the Senate and the public,
j so far as they h;ul taken an interest as to what his
j course was on this subject in this body, wouid do
I him the justice to say, that by his votes as a United ;
: States Senator he had given a cordial and hearty i
support to the present Executive in conducting this
! war. He had done it, at the sacrifice of differing
: in some particulars from those with whom he was
! accustomed to agree. If he had subjected the mat- j
■ ter to his judgment alone, perhaps he should have j
' deferred to others; but his instincts were the other ;
1 way, and he followed them. They taught him 1
! that the honor of the nation was involved; and he ,
was determined that it should be vindicated. They i
! taught him th.it the glory of our flag was about to ,
i be tarnished, and he resolved, so far as depended ;
! on him, that it should be rescued. He had voted j
! twenty-three millions freely, and would continue |
i and continue to vote with equal freedom and liber- j
; ahty for any ond every measure the President may j
| recommend, if accompanied by any reasons to sat- j
■ isfy him that they were necessary for the vigor- j
ous prosecution of the war. j
! He had played no paitisan game; nor had any
; Senator on his side of the Chamber, nor, he trust-
; ed, on the other side either. He had known hut
I one party—his country. He had consulted the in-
, terest and honor of bmt one party—the interest
' and honor of his country, and he would continue
that course throughout this unhappy conflict; for
that same spirit which animated him in the course
to which he had alluded, had caused his heart to
leap with joy when he fust heard the tidings of the
brillian t achievements of our arms. But heshould
blush for his country, if she persisted in exactions
from a feeble, impoverished foe, which the world
| would denominate rapine and plunder. We are
1 great and powerful, and therefore can afford to be
magnanimous; but our greatness and power have
for their lifeblood public virtue. Our long and
unexampled career of prosperity has been the re-
sult of public virtue; but let that virtue fail us—
weaken the moral sense of the nation—teach the
lesson that the property of others may be seized
upon and confiscated—pander to the unbridled lust
oi foreign acquisition,—and it was his opinion—
he spoke it with reverence—as sure as there is a
God m Heaven, who rewards virtue and punishes
vice, so sure is it that, sooner or later, His judg-
ments will be upon us in some awful calamity.
Mr. CASS remarked that he did not rise to make
that speech—the speech the honorable Senator from
Maryland had so much pressed him to make. His
honorable friend had paid him a good many com-
pliments; some of them were righthanded, but
some of them, Mr. C. feared, were rather left-
handed. Were it not for the confidence he had ill
the good faith and judgment of the honorable Sen-
ator, his modesty would have suggested there was
some little humor in what had been said with such
outward gravity. However, he was bound to be-
lieve he deserved it all. Mr. C. said the honorable
Senator had adjured him with unusual solemnity
to make a speech—to explain the amendment he
had oiFered—adjured him by the highest moral and
political considerations—by his duty to himself, to
the Senate, to the country, to the world, and to
posterity. He could hardly escape from such in-
vocations. Still he would not make a speech, at
any rate at that moment. His resolution appeared
to him so plain as to need no explanation. He
who runs may read it. Its bearing lay upon the
very surface, and could only be misunderstood by
talking it into a state of mystery. Mr. C. said he
could not flatter himself that the world knew or
cared much about him—an ignorance in which
posterity would equally partake. Whether he
spoke or not, was a matter of the smallest possible
consequence to anybody but him. But (he said)
he rose for a more serious object, and that was to
put himself and his amendment right in the opinion
of the Senator from Maryland. That honorable
Senator had wholly misunderstood him. He seem-
ed to suppose the amendment was designed to
entrap some Senator who might be desirous of
voting for the appropriation, but who could not vote
for the declaration that Mexico commenced the
war. No such unworthy purpose gave birth to his
proposition. So far from it, he himself should vote
against it on the final question, should it supersede
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia. Mr.
j C. said he desired the naked appropriation, without
I any restriction as to its application, and he did not
| design to encumber it with anything which would
| impede its passage. He was anxious for a cession
| of land, and he believed if the matter were left to
I the President, that a cession would be obtained
I satisfactory to the American people. In introdu-
| cing his proposition, he was merely desirous to
j express his views of the subject as contradistin-
j gmshed from those of the Senator from Georgia.
| If a rider must be attached to the appropriation^ he
J desired his own; but he desired still more that
nothing of rhe kind should take place, believing it
was wholly unnecessary, and might put to hazard
the appropriation itself.
Mr. MOREHEAD rose to address the Senate,
bijU as the hour was late, he gave way for a motion
to go into executive session.
U. S. CIRCUIT COURT IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BADGER asked the Senate to indulge him
for a few moments. He desired a small bill, which
was on the table, to change the time of holding the
term of the United States circuit court for the dis-
trict of North Caiolina, to be taken \ap and acted
upon. He explained its object to be to prevent a
conflict between the duty of the supreme court
judge in North Carolina and Washington, m the
District of Columbia.
The bill was taken up by consent, and passed
through all its stages.
The Senate then adjourned.
