I84T.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 6, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BOYD introduced to the Honae Mr. Tho-
mas w. Newton, (Whig,) member elect from the
State of Arkansas, vice Mr. Yell, with the army
m Mexico.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES rose to inquire of
the Speaker whether there was any evidence be-
fore the House that Mr. Yell had resigned his
seat ? B
The SPEAKER said he held in his hand the
certificate of the election of Thomas W. Newton
as a Representative from the St.ite of Arkansas.'
The certificate seemed to be in due form.' But it
was not a question for the Chair to decide as to
the right of the gentleman to a seat.
After a suggestion by Mr. GRAHAM, that it
was proper for the House to proceed in due form,
and that this was not the time to determine upon
the right of Mr. Newton to a seat—
. Mr. GEORGE W. JONES offered the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, That Thomas W. Newton, having
presented credentials of his election as a member
of this House from the .State of Arkansas, and the
House having received no information of the death,
resignation, or disqualification of Archibald Yei.l,
heretofore elected and qualified a member of the
99th Congress, the said credentials be, referred to
the Committee of Elections, and that the said com-
mittee report thereon at the earliest practicable
day.
Mr. J. (very imperfectly heard) was understood
to say that he hoped this resolution would be adopt-
ed. Suppose that Archibald Yell, whom the House
well knew was a member at the lastsession, (having
been eleeted for the 29th Congress,) should present
himself here to-morrow, or perhaps fifteen minutes
after Mr. Newton should have been qualified and
- taken his seat, what aspect of things would this
House present? There would be two members
elected-to fill one seat. We all know that Mr.
Yell had been present during the greater portion of
the lastsession; that he had exercised all the rights
of a member of the House, and that no objection
had been made. All he (Mr. J.) desired was, that
the matter might be looked into. If there was a
vacancy, of course the gentleman who now pre-
sented himself would take his seat. But until the
point of fact was settled, he (Mr. J.) did not sup-
pose that the House, in justice to itself or the
country, could permit this gentleman to take a
seat to which, so far as his (Air. J.'s) infoiillation
extended, another gentleman was, to all intents and
puposes, entitled.
Mr. DOBBIN said lie would state, in answer
to the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] that this subject had already been
referred to the Committee on Elections. That
reference had originated in the discussion which
took place a few weeks ago in relation to the
qualification of the late member from Illinois [Mr.
Baker.] The chairman of the committee, under
its instiuctions, reported a lesolution lequesting
the President of the United States to inform this
House whether any of the members of the present
Congress had received any appointments in the
army, or held any office under the Government of
the United States. He (Mr. D.) understood that
the President had already sent in a message which
had been ordered to be printed; as soon as that
liad been done, the message could come before the
committee, and they would be prepared to report
on the case. In fact, if the message had been on
the tables this morning, he had 110 doubt that the
committee would be prepared to report to-morrow.
The subject had already been discussed there, and
he believed that the members of the committee had
made up their opinions.
Mr v JONES said he understood that the House
did call, in substance, I'or the information designa-
ted by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Dobbin.] But that had no reference to any par-
ticular case. It was a general inquiry whether
any member had received an appointment under
the General Government, and, if so, the fact was
to be reported to this House. It might be that
Governor Yell had not leceived any appointment
from the General Government. Of course, then,
the resolution could not refer to him; and, accord-
ing to his (Mr. J.'s) present impression, neither
Mr. Yell, nor any other gentleman who held office
in the volunteer army, was in such service or office
under the United States as would exclude him from
a seat in this House. This, he presumed, was the
first case of the kind since the organization of the
Government; and in order that the House might
act understanding^, and that a correct precedent
might be set, he hoped that the whole case would
be fully investigated by a committee before the
gentleman was admitted to a seat. He presumed
that the committee might report on Monday morn-
ing.
Mr. HARPER briefly contended that the House
could not take cognisance of the question, nor the
subject-matter be referred to a committee, until the
gentleman claiming the seat had first been sworn.
Mr. GORDON said it was a public and noto-
rious fact that Mr. Yell, now serving in the army
of the United States in Mexico, had not taken his
seat in this House during the present session. Jt
was'also a public and notorious fact—of which the
occur. Well, we have, then, not only most con-
j elusive and unquestioned authority of the foot that
| Mr. Yell is now a member from the Slate ot'Ark-
I ansas, because the fact of a vacancy has not been
■ communicated, but the action of this House itself
! must preclude the gentleman who now presents
1 his credentials from takiftg his seat, at all events,
; for the present.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Raker,] af-
■ ter being absent during a part of the la^t session,
and about half of this, presented himself here,
took his seat, and resumed the discharge of all his
official dutiesL The House, then, sanctioned the
principle, that Mr. Baker, after serving in the army
for months, and still retaining his commission, was
entitled to his seat as a member of this body. That
gentleman took his seat, discharged his duties, re-
: ceived his emoluments, and did every thing that
j was incumbent on him to do m the capacity of
Repiesentative of the People. How, then, can
j House was bound to take notice—that the State of ]j the House now turn round, on the precedent which
Arkansas had held an election, into which both
political parties entered, and that one of the candi-
dates had been declared duly elected, and was now-
here with his credentials. We were bound, there-
fore, to receive him in the first instance, he havino-
been elected. But this did not dccide the ques^
The Committee on Elections would take up
tion.
it has itself established by its own solemn act, and
admit another member from the State of Arkan-
sas ?
1 regret that this question has been presented;
and I feel bound, under the circumstances of the
case, and especially after the observations of the
 - gentleman fiom New York, to take the course
the subject, and make a report to the Tlouse, upon u which my vemaiks indicate. Let what will come,
which the House would act. Prima facie, the case |j I shall endeavor to carry out the principles of the
was made out, and therefore this gentleman should i1 Constitution.
be allowed to take his seat. The Democratic party :( One word more. I learn that the Legislature
could well afford to let him do so. They were in ,| of the State of Arkansas has declared that there
a strong, an Overwhelming majority in this House, ,1 was a vacancy. I do not know that fact; but if it
and could afford to be magnanimous, since no vote ji is true that the absence of a member of this House,
which the gentleman could give could thwart this i! for a longer or shorter period, authorizes the Le~
Government in the adoption of the great measures j[ gislature of his State to declare his seat vacant,
of its policy. The Committee on Elections could ji and to fill it, I think it probable that, before the
then investigate the matter, and if the gentleman j adjournment, there maybe some two, three, or
should be found not entitled to his seat, the House
could turn him out.
• Mr. THOMASSON moved to amend the reso-
lution of Mr. Jones, by striking out all after the
word "resolved,'' and insei ting the following:
"That Tlitima- \V. Newton, who now presents lu<* cre-
dentials o! election .ts ,i im nilr-i (if (fi nui tin, Si.ui-
of Aikau-iii<;, lie sworn - a member am! lake hit: -cie. and
that the ciedcnlinU ot Ins election ]a> refened to the Com-
mittee on Elections.,J
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON said, that the
sentiments expressed by the gentleman fiom New
York [Mr. Gordon] were altogether worthy of
him, and magnanimous, if the House were to view
this matter in a party aspect. But gentlemen well
knew that a constitutional question of great mo-
ment intervened, and that anything like magna-
nimity or liberality must yield to the consideration !
of that question. j
The question, then, had nothing of a party char- j
acter in it, and had nothing to do with the party i
divisions of this House. If the gentleman who 1
presented himself here as the Representative from :
the State of Arkansas was duly entitled to Ins
seat, he (Mr. H.) cared not what lux political sen- ]
timents might be, he should have his seat. Gut j
was it not very evident that there could not be two '
representatives from the same district on this floor \
at the same time? and if that were true, (as no "
gentleman would deny,) how could this House
tell, how could it know, that there was a vacancy
at the time of the election of the gentleman who
now presented himself here and claimed the seat?
We know (continued Mr. H.) that at the first
session of this Congress—at its organization—the
State of Arkansas, which constitutes one Congres-
sional district, was represented by Governor Yell,
who then presented the proper credentials. I ask
you, Mr. Speaker, and I ask this House, whether
Mr. Yell has resigned ? We all know—for it is a
proposition that no man will gainsay for a mo- | from recollection only.
mavit if th/i vp«3icrnntirm nf n mpmhpf r\f '■  • l^OTTf^-T A Qft
perhaps half a dozen, cases of gentlemen present-
ing themselves here to fill seats already occupied.
Mr. R.ATHBUN was desirous, he said, to bring
this discussion to a close; and, with that view, he
would offer an amendment: but
Mr. GORDON (to whom the floor had been
awarded) said the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] could not have listened to his argu-
ment, or he would not have submitted the remarks
he had. He (Mr. G.) had stated that it was a
feet, as public and notorious as the session of this
Congress, that Mr. Yell was now serving in Mex-
ico, and that he had not attended here during this
session- 
Mr. HOUSTON, (interposing.) I did not con-
trovert those things at all.
Mr. GORDON, (continuing.) That an election
| had been held, in which both political parties con-
; curred that the seat, was vacant; and he hold that
I this made out a prima facie, case, and entitled the
gentleman to take his seat; that then the case could
be investigated; and that, if he should be found
not entitled to his seat, the House could turn him
out. But he (Mr. G.) entertained no doubt as to
what would be the result on the question of his
being entitled to lus seat.
Mr. DOUGLASS rose, he said, merely to in-
quire of the Chair whether the President of the
United States had not this morning, by message,
announced the fact that Mr. Yell was a colonel of
volunteers now serving in Mexico ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware that
such a communication has been made this morn-
ing. Some days a o the President did send in a
communication'on this subject.
Mr. DOUGLASS. Announcing the fact that
Mr. Yell was commanding a regiment of volunteers,
in Mexico?
The SPEAKER. To the best of the reooHee-
tion of the Chair, it is so. But the Chair s,peaks
ment—that if the resignation of a member of th
body takes place, the fact is communicated to the
Speaker, and, through him, to the House. No
such communication has been made; and, there- ■
fore, it is perfectly clear,-to my mind, that Mr. Yell
has not resigned his seat. In what other way can
a vacancy occur except by resignation ; Only by ]
the death of the sitting memhei. Has that everit
occurred ? If it had, it would have been commu-
nicated in the same manner. It is unusual, it is ,
unprecedented. I believe no case can be found
where a vacancy has occurred in which this fact J
has not been communicated to the House. Nor, ]
under the practice of the Honse can such a vacancy..1
Mr. DOUGLASS. That being the foct, I hope
the gentleman will be sworn in.
Mr. BURT inquired of the Speaker- whether the
communication referred to set forth the fact that a
vacancy had occurred?
The SPEAKER directed the C+erk to read tin?
certificate of election.
The Clerk did so. It simply recites that an flec-
tion had been held, and that Mr. Newton had been
elected for the unexpired term of Mr. Yell.
Mr. BURT. I woukl inquire whether it is the
practice of the House, when one of its members
lias accepted a disqualifying commission or office,
to inform the Governor of the State of which lie is
