340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
a Repi*esentative of that fact? He apprehended it
was not the practice.
The SPEAKER. The practice usually, but not
always observed, is, that the Governor of the State
informs the House of the resignation of the mem-
ber.
Mr. RATHBUN suggested that the certificate
under the broad seal of the State of Arkansas did
not state the fact indicated by the gentleman from
South Carolina, "[Mr. Burt,] that a vacancy had
it said simply, " to fill the unexpired
the United States service, he is subject to the rules
and articles of war—to all laws we may enact in-
cluding them—this determines the officer to be
ours, the officer of the United States pro hac vice.
A State militia officer, mustered into the United
States service, ipso facto becomes an officer of the
United States, and so continues until discharged
from that service. If an officer of the United
States, it is clear he is not qualified to hold a seat
on this floor.—(Con. XI. art. 1, sec. 7, clause 2.)
Who is to determine tins fact? If Governor
Yell is not now a member, it is because he has dis-
occurred.
term," without setting forth any fact of resignation   .
or vacancy. Now, the question whether the seat ji qualified himself since his election and admission
'as vacated by the acceptance of ^disqualifying '! here to a seat. The gentleman from South Caro-
~ ' ' '  •.!..«.* t. . '']ina fMr. Woodward] contends, that as the Con-
stitution declares, in case of vacancy, that the Ex-
ecutive authority of the State in which the vacancy
occurs shall issue the writ of election, that there-
fore the Executives of the States are to determine
the fact of vacancy, and that m this instance the
Executive of the State of Arkansas 1ms determined
the matter by ordering; an election and giving a cer-
tificate to the present applicant. I apprehend, sir,
this is a matter of " qualification;'9 and on turning
to the Constitution, (art. 1, sec. 5, clause 1,) I find
that u each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tion returns and qualifications of its own members."
If there be a vacancy, it is because of disqualifica-
tion—the commission of some act of disqualifica-
tion by Mr. Yell. If there be any such commis-
sion, the gentleman being a member of this House,
this House must judge of such act passed upon it,
and if they find the fact, declare the vacancy.
Mr. C. Raid, ftom what he had saRl it would be
office, had not been decided by the House. It was
before the Committee on Elections, and the gen- ,
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Dobbin] had j
stated that the committee would probably be ready
to report on this question on Monday, and advise ,
the House of its judgment. To say the least, it 1
was a nice question, whether the disqualification J
had taken place; it was one upon which gentlemen ]
were not prepared to vote without discussion or j
examination. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. {
Baker] stook precisely in the same position with j
Governor Yell; yet the House recognised him as a j
member. He remained here some days, without j
any question as to his right, holding the same office !
as Mr. Yell; and if it was a disqualification in one
case, it was so in another.
With a view to bring the House to a disposition
of the present question, he proposed an amend-
ment to the resolution. [We have not this amend-
Mr. R. subsequently withdrew; but
ment, which
we believe it contemplated setting forth the fact that J understood, that if Mr. Yell has occupied the office
the House had no information of the occurrence of j, referred to, he was prepared to vote it one of dis-
a vacancy in the State of Arkansas.]
And Mr. R. moved the previous question.
But there was no second.
After some remarks by Mr. WOODWARD—
Mr. COTTRELL said that the termination of
the twenty-eighth Congress vacated every seat in
the House of Representatives. At the commence-
ment of the present (the twenty-ninth) Congress,
Archibald Yell, appeared from the State of Arkan-
sas, which is entitled to only one member in this
branch of Congress, was qualified, and took his
seat. It is not now pretended that Mr. Yell was
not properly admitted, and therefore entitled to
serve during the ichole of the twenty-ninth Con-
gress. These being the facts, a gentleman (Mr.
Newton) now conies here, and claims to be en-
titled to a sear—not by contesting or questioning
Mr. Yell's election, or his rightful admission hete
as a member at the time, but on the ground that
Mr. Yell is disqualified by his having accepted
the office of colonel in a regiment of volunteers now
in the service of the United States.
This presents the question, whether there is a
vacancy? For if there be no vacancy, the present
qualification and the office vacant, and admit the
i present applicant to his seat upon th* Executive
i certificate. Rut as we have not been officially m-
i formed that the facts exist as stated, Mr. C.
i desired and hoped the matter would go to the Com-
! mittee on Elections, to ascertain and report i\m
; facts to the House, that they might act understand-
i ingly.
i After some remarks by Mr. DOUGLASS—
i Mr. SCHENCK said there were two questions,
which might arise for the consideration of the
j House: not necessarily connected, or involved in
;j each other, however; and only one of which they
|! were now called upon to decide. The one was the
I' right of Mr. Newton, the member elect, to take
ji his seat: the other might or might not afterwards
arise, whether he would be entitled to hold it,
j' either as against Colonel Yell or any other contest-
li ant who mi^ht hereafter appear.
] Jt was not necessary perhaps at this time to an-
tKipate a decision upon the latter inquiry. On that
j point, (hough, his own mind was fully made up. He
believed that the former member, by the acceptance
respects, except as to clothing and pay, placed on
the same footing with similar corps of the United
States aimy."
The honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglass] has clearly stated and argued this view
of the subject, and I will not follow it up. The
House will remember that I presented the same
views, and made the argument somewhat more at
large, some weeks ago, when I took occasion to
offer a resolution of reference and inquiry in the
case of Colonel Baker. Neither will I now insist,
as might be done if that branch of the question
were necessarily under consideration, upon the
utter incompatibility of the two offices—military
and legislative. Only take one illustration of the
manner in which they might conflict. Suppose,
at the same time, the gentleman formerly here from
Arkansas should be claimed as a member of this
House and as a colonel of volunteers. There might
be a call of the House which would require and
enforce his appeaiance here; while, by his supe-
rior in command in the army, he should he ordered
to march to the storming of Monterey or San Luis.
Who should he obey? The duties could not be
both performed. If lie disobeyed us, we should
have him in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms;
if he disobeyed General Taylor, he would be march-
ed under arrest, in charge of a file or platoon of sol-
diers 1 There would be a pretty strife and contro-
versy ! The Sergeant-at-Arms would hold on to
the truant member; the soldiers would insist upon
their forcible possession and control of the person
of the deserting colonel! It would be more than a
case where "doctois disagree.'' It is pretty certain
that our legislative authority and interests would
! be the most likely to suffer, and be disregarded]
i To say nothing of the stronger impulses of gallan-
; try, which would be so likely to lead the colonel to
i the field where glory was to be won, the contest
would be a very unequal one. The enforcing pen-
i allies greatly differ. The House would but fine
' the absentee", or at most censure him for contempt
! of its authority: a court martial might order him
j to be shot. Here was a difficulty not to he possibly
{ reconciled upon any supposition that the two offi-
; ccs—the two services, military and civil—are at all
i compatible. But Mr. S. had said he would not
! argue the disqualification of Colonel Yell to hold
I his seat at this time. He would he glad if that
| question, as well as the right of Mr. Newton to
; take the seat, could at once be settled by a direct
| vote of the House. It was a question which in-
; volved the independence of Congress—itsindepen-
1 dencc of Executive encroachment or intrusion. He
1 was sorry that the Committee of Elections, to which
'! his resolution, suggested by Colonel Baker's case,
! had referred the inquiry, had not yet found time to
' report. He had hoped they would do so before
this case from Arkansas, which was also anticipa-
applicant, it is clear, cannot be admitted, as there ;j army and service of the Government, in that ca
of his commission as colonel, and entering the'ted at the time of offering that resolution had conn
can be no election unless there is a vacancy; and
also, who is to determine the fact of a vacanty.'
Upon each of these questions he proposed to offer
a few remarks.
Now, sir, said Mr C.,on reference to the Con-
stitution of the United States, (drt. 1. sec. 2, 3s£
clause,) it will be perceived that the tenure of a mem-
ber of this House is two years. Governor Yell,
then, being " qualified" when elected and admitted
a member of this House at the commencement of
the present Congress, is yet a member, unless he
has vacated the office by his death, resignation,
or commitmg some act of disqualification, it is
not pretended he is deed, or that hp has resign-
ed. The grounds upon which it is contended a
vacancy has been created are, that Governor Yell
has accepted the appointment of colonel m a regi-
ment of volunteers in the service of the United
States. Is this an act of disqualification ? and if so,
who is to declare the vacancy ? Who is to find the
the iud
pacity, was "holding an office under the United j
j States," and had disqualified himself from retain- '
I ing his seat. This had been distinctly decided
j e\en in the case of n major of militia, in the in- i
• stance of John P. Van Ness, of New York, cited
j by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gra-
1 u.\m.] If true in such a case, how much more
| forcibly would both the letter and the reason of
i the constitutional prohibition apply to an officer
I of volunteers' This corps of volunteers was an
' anomalous sort of force in its character; and there
■ might be doubt vet whether it was allied most
\ nearly to the nulitia or to the regular army, or
! identified with either of them. But these are facts,
j The militia is oiganized under the laws and insti-
! tutious and authority of the several States, and
• when rolled into service, is called with its corn-
up. He hoped they would yet report.
But let all that pass now. The immediate ques*
tion to be resolved is, the right of Mr. Newton to
take his seat at this time, upon the credentials
which he has presented. He thought there could
: be no reasonable doubt of that right—certainly
! none, if respect was to be paid to the uniform prac-
; tice of the House in all time heretofore.
] Mr. S. agreed with (he honoiable gentleman
j from South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] that,
i while this House was the exclusive judge, under
I the Constitution, of "the election returns and
j qualifications'1 of its own members, theiewasa
j difference between that and the judgment as to the
| existence of a vacancy. In this instance, there
| was no question either as to the election, the return,
orthequalifications, of Mr. Newton. Those points
were all undisputed. But was there a vacancy m
who hold that an officer of volunteers of this grade,
though in the sei vice of the United States, was not \
an officer of the United States in the meaning of'
the Constitution, but an officer of the Stale under '
w hose laws he was appointed, and from whose Ex- !
ecutive he received lus commission. These gen- j
tlemen look to the authority whence the appoint-
ment and commission emanates, to determine the
character of the officer—I, to the service. It is the
service that determines whose officer he is. If in
piete oigaiiizdiion upon it into the employment of j the representation of his State to be filled? Now,
the General Government. It is created as a pait \\ he could not agree with the gentleman from South
of the military force of the country by Slate les:is- \\ Carolina, that this House had no judgment at all
jAtion only. And ypt, js we have seen, a militia ]j in that matter to be exercised. Theie seemed
of deci-
and in tho
facts and pronounce the judgment , _       llt „lltvv ^
Mr. C. said he agreed tnat the office alluded to >f officer, when in the service of the National Gov- !i to him (Mr. S.) to be a concurrent power
was one of disqualification. There are those, sir, || ernmenr, was unanimously held by this House of ,i ding that point in the State authorities ar
Representatives, in a former Congress, to have for-
feited his right to ?it as a member. But the vol-
unteer force owes its very existence, and has its
very beginning in the legislation of Congress. The
act'of last session originated and created that part
of the present existing army. They are employ-
ed, prosided, paid by the Federal Government;
and, by the very terms of that act, they are not
only made " subject to the rules and articles of
j war," but it is declared that they " shall be in all
House. He thought that while the authorities of
a Stale were to determine upon ordering an elec-
tion to fill a vacancy in their representation here,
and thus must necessarily judge as to the existence
of that vacancy, this House also was, to some ex-
tent, to judge whether there was a vacant seat to
be filled. Resignations were seldom, if ever, an-
nounced to the House, but were made to the Gov-
ernors of the States; and so it was most likely to
be, whenever vaeancics oc«urred from any other
