346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
The question of which I am speaking now, and
-which I almost dread to discuss, agitated the coun-
cils of our fathers; and there is, resulting from the
policy pursued by them, an example which seems
to me worthy of praise—an example of compro-
mise and conciliation, avoiding extremes on either
side. I call, therefore, upon our friends on the
other side so to leave this question as to promote
the sound policy of the Government; as to heal up
the wounds which dissension has already made;
to quiet the apprehensions of the public mind, and
to follow the example of the illustrious fathers of
the republic, in announcing that the object of this
Administration is not to add territory to the Union
by dismembering another nation; that it is not
their object to pursue a policy that will shake the
public sentiment of this country to a dangerous
extent. They owe it to themselves and to the
country to place the policy of the present Govern-
ment upon this ground. Sir, it appears to me that
it is the interest of this Executive to quiet the feel-
ing that now exists in this country upon this sub-
ject, instead of asking money for the purpose of
acquiring territory, which will excite and exas-
perate that feeling. As you have announced to
the country that the war was not commenced for
conquest, you should also announce that it is not
to end by conquest. Have we not land enough
to satisfy any American citizen ? Or is there such
a pressing necessity to have more, that we will en-
danger all that is dear to us in the pursuit of this
policy ?
Sir, there is another branch of this subject to
which I will briefly advert. Suppose the Presi-
dent should purchase Tipper California and New
Mexico; suppose he applies the money to be given
to him by this bill in such a way as to secure to
us those territories, and presents to the Senate a
treaty with the republic of Mexico to that effect:
do gentlemen suppose that it is a matter of cer-
tainty that the Senate will accede to it? Where,
then, is (he propriety of urging a measure that can
end in no good? Is there any certainty, I ask,
that a treaty negotiated upon this basis can ever
receivc the sanction of the Senate? In view of the
gieat divisions which distract this country, a ma-
jority of two-thirds on a question like this is very
difficult to be obtained. Suppose, then, a treaty
negotiated on this basis should be presented to the
Senate and rejected: what, then, is the attitude
which you wiii occupy before this nation and the
world } You will indicate to Europe, that while the
President lias announced that the war at its begin-
ning way not for conquest, you announce that both
the beginning and the closc of the war has been ex-
clusively for conquest. There is the positive fact
presented Jo the view of the world. There is the
result. Negotiation concluded, and a treaty pre-
sented to the Senate and rejected, and what will
you have gained? Increased divisions, excite-
ment, and disorder throughout the land; danger-
ous agitation; everything, sir, which the mind can
conceive or the eye look upon, threatening the dis-
turbance of the peace and quiet of the people of
this country.
Again: suppose you make a treaty upon this
basis, and it is confirmed by the Senate: what do
you gain? You have additional territory, what
do you propose to do with it' I suppose there is
not a citizen of this country who, if the question
were put to him, would not say that you have ter-
ritory enough already. But you acquire additional
territory. vVhat else do you acquire ? You will
have acquired a large number of the population of
Mexico, an ignorant, a fanatic, a disorderly peo-
ple—a population having none of the elements of
character in common with the people of this coun-
try— a population sprung from a different origin,
having none of the blood of the Anglo-Saxons run-
ning in their veins—a people differing from you in
origin, in character, in feelings, and in principles 
having nothing in common with you. What are
you to do with them? Are you to govern them
as you do your slaves in those States which now
tolerate the institution of slavery? Are you to
treat them as serfs belonging to the land which
you acquire, as attached to the soil? Or will you
put them on a level with the people of this coun-
try? Will you give them the privileges which
your people enjoy, and enable them to regulate and
control th-e destinies of the Governmqpt? Will
you elevate them to the character of citizens of the
United States, though it is now universally be-
lieved that the people of Mexico are entirely des-
titute of the capacity of self-government? Sir, if
they are to constitute a portion of your popula-
tion—if they are to become free citizens side by
side with us—it may be that, in displaying those
elements of character which render them now the
most unstable, unsettled, inefficient population on
the face of the globe, you may have the same dif-
ficulty in governing them that the authorities in
Mexico have. I will acknowledge the energy and
power of this Government, but at the same time
remember their remoteness from the centre of ac- |
tion; remember the responsibility that you would I
incur, owing to their distance from the seat of
power. You may pass your laws, but you may not
be able to control the people and to enforce their
obedience.
Sir, in every aspect in which I can view this
subject, it does seem to ine that it becomes us to :
pause before adopting a policy like this. Let the j
President, in his confidential relations with the ;
two Houses, ask us, if he chooses, to receive a j
message from him disclosing his policy; let him
put this grant of three millions upon a known and
recognised basis; let the country be satisfied that
the appropriation is intended to accomplish a great
national object that will meet their approval; and,
my word for it, he will not find a dissenting voice.
There is no party in this country willing to throw
obstructions in the way of beneficial measures—
measures for the advancement of the interests and
the glory of this country. I know how apt we
are to look upon the Representatives in these halls
as opposed to each other upon all questions sub-
mitted to them, because they represent different
portions of the country, and, to some extent, dif-
ferent interests ; but, upon a question like this, it
will be found that they represent but one people,
'having a common object to promote the good of
the whole nation.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the subject be in-
formally passed over.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the Senate go into
Executive session.
Mr. DIX lequested the Senator from Arkansas
to withdraw that motion as he had a report to
make from the committee of conference on the
points of difference between the Senate and the
House of Representatives on the ten regiment bill,
which it was important to pass as soon as possi-
ble.
Mr. SEVIER withdrew his motion accordingly.
THE TEN REGIMENT BILL.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee of Conference,
upon the ten regiment bill, submitted the following
report:
Tne committee of coufeience on the part of the Senate,
on the disagreeing votc> of the two Jlous.es on the bill enu-
tl< cf *-Au act to laise, 101 a Humeri lime, an additional mili-
tary force, and for oilier pmposos," vopoit—
That they have met the conferees on the part of the House
of Kt*pie>cntaliv<;b, and after fiee and full confeience on
the subject of the disagreeing votes, have agieed to leconi-
inend, and do recommend, to the respective Houses, as fol-
lows :
1. That the Senate recede from its amendment to the first
tfteuon of the bill, striking out the rcuiajridci of the section
after the word "war," and agree that tiie se< tion stand as
on«inally pas.-ed by the Hou-e, with an amendment, insert-
ing afiet the word u act," in the Atftli line, the words, ♦' ex-
cepting the field officer of the aforoba.d legimcms."
That tile Senate recede fiom its di-a^iecment to the
amendment of the House striking out file woid uor e" trom
the Oth line of the third amendment or the Senate, and in-
serting the woid " two," and agiee to the same.
3. That the Senate recede fiom itb disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the louith amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the. same, with the following amend-
ments, viz: Stnke out u five hundred'' in the I Oth line, and
hkm rt *'seven hundri d and fifty;" Make out ''shall." in tlft
IolIi line, and inaeit " may at the discretion of the Secrctaiy
of Wm."
4. That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the t«j\th amendment of the
Semite, and ogtev to the same with an amendment, sinking
out of stid amendment of the House the word " eighty,1' in
the £th line of said amendment, and inserting "foity;"
sinking our the word " fifty," in the 9th line of said amend-
ment, and inserting "twenty-five ;" striking out in the lllh
line, and after the word ii mother," to and including the
woid " Msteis" in the 15th hne.
5. That tiie Senate leccde from its disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the 7th amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agiee to the same.
JOHN A. DiX,
LEW. CASS,
Conferees on the part of the Senate.
LINN BOYD,
J. K. 1NGERSOLL,
Conferees on the part of the House.
Mr. STURGEON hoped the Senator from New
York would explain the several points embraced
in the leport.
Mr. DIX said, it was very important that the
Senate should proceed to the consideration of this
report; and he accordingly moved that the Senate
now proceed to its consideration.
Mr. BERRIEN appealed to the Senator from
New York not to press his motion at this time, the
Senate being very thin.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DIX said, the first point in the report of the
committee, related to the proviso to the first section
of the bill. That proviso authorized the President
of the United States to appoint the officers to be
raised by this bill, during the recess of the Senate,
and to submit the nominations of officers so ap-
pointed at the next session. The Senate amended
the bill by striking outthat proviso, and the House
disagreed to the Senate's amendment. The com-
mittee of conference had agreed to recommend the
adoption of the proviso, with the exception of the
field officers. In that form it would require the
President to nominate the field officers during the
present session of Congress, leaving him to appoint
the company officers during the recess, and to send
their nominations to the Senate at the next ses-
sion.
The second amendment upon which the two
Houses disagreed was in relation to the appoint-
ment of assistant surgeons. The amendment of
the Senate provided that there should be one sur-
geon and one assistant surgeon to each regiment.
The House amended the amendment by increasing
the assistants to two; and the committee of confer-
ence recommend the Senate to recede, so that there
may be one surgeon and two assistant surgeons
to each regiment.
The third point of disagreement was in relation
to the appointment of chaplains. The Senate
authorized the appointment of one chaplain to each
regiment, providing that the volunteers should
elect their own chaplain. The House disagreed
to that amendment, and provided for the appoint-
ment of one chaplain to each brigade; and instead
of being elected by the regiments, they were to be
employed by the council of administration, of
which each regiment has one, consisting of three
officers. The House also proposed to reduce the
compensation to $500. The committee of confer-
ence recommend, as a compromise between $1000
proposed by the Senate and $500 proposed by the
House, the sum of $750. There was also a pro-
vision in the House amendment, that the chaplains
appointed for the different posts under the law of
1838, should be required, where the force of such
posts was reduced more than one-half, to go to the
sear of war, and in case of refusal, they were to be
removed from their offices. Of those posts, there
were twenty where chaplains had been heretofote
employed under the direction of the War Depart-
ment. By a regulation of the War Department,
when a garrison was withdrawn the appointment
of chaplain ceased. Some six garrisons had been
withdrawn during the war, so that the number was
reduced to fourteen. At two other posts there
j were vacancies, so that there were m fact but
j twelve post chaplains. Then,again, the act which
j authorized their appointment required them to per-
; form the duty of schoolmaster at the posts; so that
| wherever a garrison remained it was difficult to
; dispense with them. Besides, the posts were very
| remote—in Arkansas, Iowa, and at other distant
; points, only three being on the seaboard. The _
j committee of conference recommend to the two
i Houses, instead of making it imperative, to leave
| it to the discretion of the Secretary ojjjVVar to ra-
j quire these chaplains to go into the freid with the
1 army or not, as he thought proper. The amend-
i ment, therefore, as agreed to by the committee,
J would authorize the appointment of one chaplain
I to a brigade instead of to a regiment, to be ap-
; pointed by the council of administration, instead
of being elected by the regiments, at a salary of
$750* and one ration, giving to the Secretary of
War a discretion in relation to the appointment of
post chaplains.
The fourth point was respecting the bounty-land
provision, which the Senate introduced. The
House had made several amendments to this pro-
vision. The first amendment was by the intro-
duction of the word " musicians'' after the words
"non-commissioned officers/' giving to them the
benefit of the bounty-land. That was the correc-
tion of an accidental omission. Another was, a
change of the line of inheritance as introduced by
the Senate. In the provision as inserted in the
