1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate, the rule was, in case of the death of the
soldier, that the title should go first to the widow,
second to the children, third to the father, fourth
to the mother, and fifth to the brothers and sisters.
This rule had been changed in the House, so as to
place, first the widow and children, giving them
a joint interest; second to the father; third to the
mother; leaving out the collaterals—brothers and
sisters. During the late war, the bounty-land pro-
vision excluded brothers and sisters, and all collat-
erals, distinctly. There was no such exclusion
here; but under another part of this bill, provision
was made that it should go to the heirs-at-law. In
these amendments the committee recommend a con-
currence.
There was another amendment to this section,
giving the benefit of the bounty-land provision, or
the scrip provision, with a reduction of" the amount
in the present bill, to those who have been, or who
shall be, called into the servicc for a less time than
twelve months. The committee had agreed to a
compromise on this subject, and had retained the
provision with a reduction of the bounty to one-
half, giving forty acics of land, or scrip for twen-
ty-five dollars, instead of eighty acres, and fifty
dollars. In that form the committee recommended
the Senate to concur. He understood the provis-
ion which came from the House, giving a bounty
to those who serve for less than twelve months,
was passed there with greatunanimity. The other
points were of but little importance. He moved
that the report be adopted.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped the report of the
committee of conference would not be adopted.
This bill went from the Senate with one of the
most obnoxious and objectionable features, and it
came from the House with that feature expunged.
The committee of conference, however, had par-
tially restored it. He referred to that portion of
the bill whicK authorized the President in there-
cess of the Senate to appoint the company officers,
subject to the approval or rejection by the .Senate at
its next session.
When this proposition was before the Senate on
a former occasion, he took the opportunity to say
that he thought it was unnecessary, bccause he
believed thatsufficient time was given to the Presi-
dent to enable him to make suitable and proper
selections; and that there was no necessity to in-
corporate m the bill what at least might be con-
sidered a doubtful power, and by many was held
to be an unconstitutional exercise of power. He
thought so still. He believed that as good a se-
lection could be made now by the President of the
United States, before the termination of the present
session of the Senate, as could be made afterwards,
lie thought, then, that it was not only unnecessary
but inexpedient. He was in favor of the volun-
teer system in preference to regular soldiers, and
for this, among other reasons, that it curtails the
power of the Executive. He had said befoie, and
he repeated it now, that he thought this power
■which was now attempted to be intrusted to the
President, of appointing in the recess, a dangerous
power. Such a power ought never to be given,
unless it was indispensably necessary. The more
tune they gave for the exercise of the Executive
discietion, the greater opportunity and the strong-
er the motive there might be to make an improper
use of that discretion. He spoke of the principle:
and he repeated that the longer time was given to
Executive discretion in the selection of officers
under the Government, the greater was the danger
of an abuse of power, and the appointment of per-
sons from'motives other than those that should
regulate the appointing power. But if this was
ever so necessary—if This was ever so expedient,
it seemed to him that it was an unconstitutional
power. He was so well satisfied that this power
could not be given by Congress to the Executive,
that he would not vote for the bill so long as such
a provision was contained in it.
He wished to take up the time of the Senate a
few moments on this single point: Is it competent
in the Congress of the United States, under the {
Constitution, to vest in the President the power, in ;
the recess, to appoint officers of the army, who are j
created by legislative enactment, when the Senate i
of the United States is m session? That was the !
question. I
He took it for granted, it would be agreed by \
them all, that no officer of the United States could j
hold his office, unless the authority for the appoint- i
mentwas given by the Constitution. TheConstitu- 1
tion of the United States provided the several
modes in which the officers of the United States
should be authorized to execute their duties; and
unless the mode pointed out in any particular law,
was conformable to the Constitution, such power
could not be given. This was the fundamental
proposition with which he started, and no one could
gainsay it. Let us, then, look at the instrument
which gives authority to appoint the officers of the
United States, for he took it for granted, none
would deny that these were officers of the United
States. They were as much officers of the United
States as ambassadors or ministers, and as collec-
tors of the customs. They were officers created
by law. The powers and duties of the office were
exercised under the Constitution and laws of the
United States; and they were not volunteers under
the laws of the various States; for that was not
incorporated in the bill. They were regular offi-
cers of the army; and, being such, their appoint-
ment—whether of captain, colonel, or major—was
to be looked for, and ascertained by reference to
the instrument, which alone could confer authority
to appoint to office.
With the permission of the Senate—for this was
to be presented to the Senate to be decided, as a
matter of principle, and whatever the decision
might be, it would become a precedent to be fol-
lowed hereafter, and hence, it would become them
to settle this question right—he asked their atten-
tion for a moment to the provisions of the Consti-
tution, which creates the authority to appoint to
office under that Constitution.
He begged leave to remark that, ip general, the
spirit and the policy of the Constitution was such
as to require all the officers to be appointed by the
President, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. That was the great, cardinal, governing rule
in relation to appointments. It was supposed by
the framers of that instrument to be the best mode.
It was thought desirable that in most cases the
authority should not be vested m the President
alone, or in the heads of departments, or any other
body alone; but that it should be in two bodies,
and that it should be can led out by the concui i ent
act of more than one. That was the general doc-
trine of the Constitution. But with the view of
providing for cases which may arise, and for emer-
gencies which may exist, and to prevent the Senate
from being constantly in session, the framers of the
Constitution had taken care to provide for the ap-
pointment of minor officers—all others than those
which were required to be made by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate. He would not
go into the reasons for this.
But this provision, requiring the concurrent
action of two bodies, was doubtless designed to
get better men, and to guard against mistakes and
errors, and something worse. But these were ex-
ceptions. And what were they p
The Constitution provided for the election of cer-
tain officers, not by the President, but by the people
directly. The Vice President himself was an offi-
cer under the Constitution of the United States:
and how was he appointed? By the President?
By the President by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate? No. By the Constitution
this was provided for. But the appointment of j
others is also provided for. These are the words: j
" He [the President] shall have power hy and with the '
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, pro- j
vided two-thuds of the Senator present concur; and h<> ;
>hall nominate, and by and with the advico and eonvnt ■
ot tlte Senate, shall appoint ambassadors, other ministers ,
and consul*, judges ot the Supieme Court, audallothci j
oflicois of the United Stales whose appointments aic not
heieinbelore provided for, and which s.ha!I be established
bv law: hut the Congress may by law vest the appointment
oi such inf' noi olheeis as they think proper, m the Presi-
dent alone, in the courts of law, or m the heads of dopait-
incnfs."
The Constitution has provided specifically for
appointments, some by the mode here pointed out,
and others by election, such as the President and
Vice President. The Secretary of this body was
an officer under the Constitution: and how was he
appointed ? The Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives also was an officer of the .United States,
under the Constitution; and his election was ex-
pressly provided for. These were the first class of
cases forming the exception to the general rule.
Well, then, were these officers of the army, officers
of the United States, under the Constitution ? That
would not be denied. Had, then, the Constitution
made any specific provision for their appointment?
They had usually been brought under the clause to
which he had called the attention of the Senate.
Well, but the Constitution provided that the Presi-
dent might be authorized by Congress to appoint
inferior officers, or the appointment might be vest-
ed in the courts of law, or in the heads of depart-
ments. Now any one knew what this latter meant.
By inferior officers, was meant clerks, inspectors
of revenue, clerk of the Supreme Court, and the'
like, who might be appointed by others than the
President, or by the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. They might be
appointed by the heads of departments. The court,
too, which was sitting in this Capitol, might appoint
its own clerk. And the Secretary of the Treasury
every day appointed inspectors of customs by au-
thority of law predicated on this article of the
Constitution. But these men were not within this
provision. They are not to be appointed by heads
of departments, nor by courts of law. In what
other way, then, are they to be appointed? The
provision which he had read stated how. They
were to be nominated by the President, and ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of tne
Senate.
Now, suppose there was nothing else in the Con-
stitution, would these officers be embraced by that
provision ? Let us look at it. They were to be
appointed by the President by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate when they met again.
That was the provision of this bill. But under
tins clause of the Constitution, there were-to be
two acts done beforG these offices could be filled;
two concurrent acts: one by the President, and
one on the part of the Senate; and before both are
done, there can be no such thingas the execution
of an office by an individual. What was the Presi-
dent to do? To nominate; to designate an indi-
vidual to an office. He cannot appoint in the first
instance, but he points out the individual who is
to be appointed; the contingency of his appoint-
mentdependingon the action of the Senate if favor-
able, and the President choses to appoint. Even
if the Senate confirm the nomination, the appoint-
ment depends on the President. He is under no
obligation to appoint. Ho lepeated, then, that
! under this provision of the Constitution, both acts
I must occur before the individual could exercise
the powers of an office. There must be first a
nomination, then approbation, and then an appoint-
ment. The Supreme Court had decided this to be
the course under this provision of the Constitution;
for that court had decided that until the appoint-
ment was made the office was not filled. There
could be no occupation of an office until the Presi-
dent had nominated, the Senate had approved, and
the President had appointed. Even after the Sen-
ate may have approved, the President may with-
hold the commission which is the evidence of the
appointment. Nay, he may refuse altogether, and
then the nomination and confirmation fall to the
ground.
Whether the President could exercise this dis-
cretionary power or not—and the Constitution de-
cided that he can—one thing was clear, that when
the Senate was in session, the President had to no-
minate and the Senate was to confirm, before there
could beany exercise of an office. All then which
they had to do was to look and see if the ease pro-
vided for here was embraced in the Constitution. It
was proposed by this amendment, to which the
committee of conference had agreed, that the Presi-
dent, during the recess, may appoint captains and
all subordinate officers, and submit them to the
Senate for ratification or rejection at the next ses-
sion. Well, if the office is now created, the instant
the bill was passed there was a colonelcy to a legi-
ment,and a captaincy; and could not the President
appoint now? The bill would provide that he
should appoint, unless these appointments were
embraced in the clause which he had read. If the
President did not nominate while the Senate was
in session, there could be no exercise of the ap-
pointing power by the President,for the President
could not appoint until the Senate had confirmed.
The result was, that an attempt was now to be
made to fill an office in the recess of the Senate,
which exists before the recess, and to authorize
; the President to fill it—not by the sole act of the
President, but by the subsequent act of the Senate
of the United States. Now, there could be no
doubt of this, Chat they could not authorize the
President to fill an office during the recess which
! exists before the recess, unless they authorized him
i under this law agreeably to a provision of the
