S48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
Constitution, by giving him the sole power, and
not concurrent power with any one else.
Now what were the remaining provisions of this
Constitution? There was but one other, and that
provided that " The President shall have power
* to fill up all vacancies that may happen during
* the recess of the Senate, by granting cornmis-
* sions which shall expire at the end of their next
* session." To guard against the possibility of in-
jury to the public service, and to prevent constant
sessions of the Senate, it was here provided that
vacancies might be filled by the President. But
when must they close? At the end of the next
session. But had they here vacancies created in
the recess? He would not go into that question,
ior if there were vacancies in the recess, there are
vacancies now; and the President's power to fill
vacancies only extended to those which were cre-
ated during the recess. Suppose one of the judges i
of the Supreme Court now in session here should |
die; did gentlemen suppose that the vacancy could ;
be filled after the adjournment of the Senate ? And j
why not? For this obvious reason, that the Con- |
stitution did not give such power to the President, S
unless the vacancy occurred during the recess. j
But one word as to the power of the President j
to appoint alone. He had considered no provision '
of this Constitution except that which gave Con-
gress the power to vest the appointment of inferior
officers in the President and the President alone.
He was sure the judicial men of that body could
not have failed to notice the marked distinction
between the phraseology of this bill and that of the
Constitution. There was not one word in the
Constitution about the President appointing during
the recess. He may commission, and the com- <i
mission shall expire. But he may do another thing. J!
At the commencement of the next session he may
make a new appointment, or he may omit to send
in a nomination to the Senate. But what does
this bill provide? Why, it gave the President no !
discretion at all, except in the first instance, for he
would be required to send in the nominations here. 1
They were providing in terms, that those that he ;
does appoint now he shall nominate. But if they i
gave the President the power at all, that power 1
must be complete in itself, unless the vacancy oc- |
curred during the recess. I
The only provision by which this section could j
be sustained was that part of the article which he j|
had read, by which power might be vested in the j;
President, alone, to appoint inferior officers. Now i;
admit that these are inferior officers, and that Con- ;
cress may by law vest authority to appoint such [:
inferior officers in the Piesident alone; but (hey
could not give him power under this clause of the ,j
Constitution to appoint anybody except those f
whom he pleased to appoint, and such officer hold- .j
ing the office would do so without any control on ;
the part of the Senate of the United States. There j
were two essential principles or elements in this. ,
The one was, that the President alone mi^ht have.;
authority conferred on him, and not on the President '
and the "Senate. And what did that imply? Why
that he was under the control of nobody else, but j'
that his powei* was complete to effect the appoint- ji
ments. AVhat was the other element ? That when ji
he has executed it, the power is completely finish- ,|
ed; and that he is to be responsible to nobody >!
thereafter. It gives him the sole power to revoke ,1
the appointment, and when it is done there is an j,
end of if. But what did this amendment propose ? 1 i
To vest in the President not the authority alone to :!
appoint, but to appoint during the recess, subject
to the approval or rejection of the Senate hereafter.
j>Jow, how did this infringe on the principle ot the !l
Constitution? Why, both these elements were ji
defeated. The authority here proposed to be |j
given was no authority from the Constitution. It
was not an appointment by the President by and ■!
with the advice and consent of theSenate. It was \
not an appointment by the President alone. It was j
not an appointment by the heads of departments. >;
It was not an appointment by the President mthe j
recess of the Senate, to an office becoming vacant ['
in the recess of the Senate. \
He was not forgetful of the instances which had I
been cited by the Senator from Michigan, who had ;
now the book before him. He was well aware of >
what took place in the years 1812 and 1813 on the j
subject; but he desired to call the attention of the j
Senate to the practice in the early days of this coun- j
try, to see how those who framed the Constitution ;
understood it. He referred them to what was done ;
in *98) and they would see with what discrimina-
tion—with what a clear understanding of the terms
of this Constitution, of its spirit as well as its let-
ter—theframersof it applied the principle for which
he was now contending. He held in his hand the
first act he could find—an act of the twenty-sev-
enth April, 1798, providing for an additional arma-
ment for the protection of the trade of the United
States, (first volume of the Statutes at Large, page
552.) This law provides for the creation of office
by the act itself. And what did Congress do ?
They knew it could not be executed while Con-
gress was in session. What, then, did they do?
Did they enact that the President might appoint
during the recess of the Senate, and afterwards
send in his nomination? iNTo. They read the
Constitution very different from that; and there-
fore they provided, by section three, that the offi-
cers whom it was necessary to appoint during the
recess of the Senate, might be appointed and com-
missioned by the President alone. How clear that
was. The office existed; but theframersof the
law knew that the President could not be invested
with power to make the appointments, unless it
was vested in him alone, and they made provision
for it. And when they came to establish a pro-
visional army, what did they do? The office did
not exist. It was not created; therefore, nobody
could fill it, because there was no office to fill. But
the President was authorized, in case of necessity,
to make mlistments into the army. Thus the office
was created during the recess, and provision was
made to fill it.
Mr. H. then referred to another act of the same
session, authorizing the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or by himself in
the recess of Congress, to appoint and commission
as many field officers as he thought expedient.
But there was not a word about their nomination
being submitted to the Senate at the next session.
There was another act, too, of a similar chaiac-
ter, which he proceeded to quote. He said he had j
not been able to put his hand on one which autho- I
nzed the appointments to be made as was proposed
in the bill.
In the act of 1813 there were some provisions
somewhat similar to this, but they were all or most
of them passed the last day of the session. Some
of them were passed late on the night of the 3d of
March. But he knew not of any imperious neces-
sity for the agitation of this question now, when
the appointments could all be now made.
It was a question of an exceedingly doubtful au-
thority, in his judgment. It would be a clcar case
of action without the authouty of the Constitution,
and therefore he would not do it. Let them com-
pel the President to send m his nominations, or let
him have the responsibility of making the appoint-
ments alone.
He had felt it to be his duty to make these re-
marks to the Senate; and having done his duty, he
would not longer detain the Senate.
Mr. CASS said he did not see how this law
could be properly executed, if the proviso autho-
rizing the President to appoint company officers
during the recess of the Senate were struck out.
It is well understood that the President designs to
make the commissions of these officers contingent
upon the raising of the men. Arrangements will
be made to receive companies with their officers,
or to allow persons with influence in their neigh-
borhood to raise them. By this means we shall
be sure of having the force immediately, and of
bringing it into operation without delay. Those
expecting commissions will be stimulated to exer-
tions, and the companies will soon be filled up.
This was the course pursued in 1813, and with
success, and he could speak with the more cer-
tainty, a3 he participated in it. But if, during the
four weeks of the session that remain, these nomi-
nations must be submitted to the Senate, this mode
of operation cannot be adopted, except perhaps in
a very small circle lound the seat of Government.
In other parts of the Union it would be impossible
to authorize persons to raise the men and to have
the companies filled in time for the nomination of
the officers to the present Senate. And, indepen-
dent of the great delay which would take place,
the expense would be much increased, for, if the
officers are first appointed, they will draw their
i pay immediately, while it may be a long time be-
! fore their commands are filled; whereas, upon the
! other plan, the officers are not in service and draw
I no pay till the men are raised. In the two im-
portant particulars, then* of celerity and economy,
and , it may be added, of public satisfaction, it is
obviously better to appoint the officers after the
men are raised than to appoint the officers first and
raise the men afterwards. We might lose a whole
campaign in the process of inlistment* So much
for the policy of the measure.
But it is objected that the proposition is uncon-
stitutional, and that we cannot authorize the Presi-
dent to appoint these officers in the recess of the
Senate, and require their nomination at our next
session. That this has been done heretofore is not
disputed; for the fourth section of the act passed
January 29,1813, contains the same grant of power
in almost the same words, though it extends it far-
ther; for it includes the field as well as company
officers. The validity of this precedent, signed by
Mr. Madison, is, however, denied, and upon what
grounds ? The Constitution of the United States
authorizes four modes of appointment: 1st, by the
President and Senate; 2d, by the President alone;
3d, by the heads of departments; and 4th, by the
courts of law. The grant of power with respect
to the three latter is in these words: " But the Con-
( gress may, by law, vest the appointment of such
4 inferior officers as they think proper in the Presi-
* dent alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
' of departments." What are " inferior officers'1
within the words of the Constitution ? By an act
of Congress, passed during General Washington's
administration, approved March 3d, 1791, the
President was authorized to raise a corps " of two
4 thousand non-commissioned officers, privates,
c and musicians, with a suitable number of com-
* missioned officers,"and he was authorized ''alone
' to appoint the commissioned officers thereof."
By an act of Congress of March 5th, 1792, the
President "alone" was "authorized to appoint, for
the cavalry so to be engaged, the proper commis-
sioned officers." Similar provisions are found in
subsequent acts of Congress, and they prove dis-
tinctly, that from the commencement of the gov-
ernment, military officers of these grades were con-
sidered inferior officers," and their appointment,
therefore, might be vestetd in the President.
This almost contemporaneous construction of
the Constitution is now disputed, and it is con-
tended that these officers are not "inferior." Two
views of the subject are presented—one by the dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] and the other by the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] supported by the other
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.] The
former [Mr. Calhoun] seems to confine the word
"inferior" to its natural signification, while the
latter give to it a meaning never before recognised.
The former contends that clerks and officers of that
description about the departments come within the
term, and that their appointments may be made in
one of the three peculiar modes pointed out by the
Constitution. He asks, if you include company
officers in the term " inferior," where will you
stop? I answer, if you include clerks orany other
public agents within that term, is it not just as dif-
ficult to find a precise place to stop? Mathematical
precision is not attainable here. It is not attainable
in any moral investigations, nor in more physical
ones. Who can tell where day ends and night
begins? And yet we know that the one gives place
to the other. We know that the Chief Justice of
the United States is a "superior" officer, and that
a messenger in a department is an " inferior" one;
and yet there is a necessary latitude of discretion
in determining where, between the two, superiority
ends and inferiority begins. What right has the
distinguished Senator from South Carolina to say
that a clerk stands on one side of the boundary
line any more than a third lieutenant in the army?
He says that this discretion may be abused; and so
it may, and so may any other discretion; and still,
from the very constitution of our nature, discretion
must be granted. Practical men should fear it, and
seek to restrain it as much as they can. But they
should fear it and restrain it the most in those cases
where it is most likely to be abused. Congress
have an unlimited right of taxation; and by the
theory of the Constitution, they may at any time
ij collect a tax equal to the whole value of property
in the Union; and when collected, they may throw
it into the sea, or if they cannot do that, they may
make some other expenditure of it equally strange
i and absurd. But no man in his senses would
j think of guarding against an abuse like that; and
j any practical abuse of this power of appointment
