350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
•was that important matter? Nearly the whole
space allotted to the proceedings of Saturday is
taken up with matters relating to my colleague,
[Mr. Wentworth,] and to which 1 will now call
the attention of the House. And I do so in all
earnestness. The report says:
" Mr. WENTWORTH then rose and said: < Mr. Speaker,
I rise td^rivile^ed question. [Ones of' Sit down !'—'Bah !']
I propose to occupy the attention of the House only about
five minute. ['Bah! Bah !5 and cries of < No, no,'and c Sit
down,' <Oh no!'] I will only delay the House for a few
moments. [' Bah! Bahand cries 4 Oh,no!> «I object,* and
confusion.]"
And again, (continued Mr. D.,) after the House
had s;one into Committee of the Whole, when the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Garrett Davis]
was assigned to the chair, the following1 is report-
ed as having occurred:
"Mr WENTWORTH. In rearard to the bill for the re-
lief of the heir- of Tnoma* Wishait, I have but a few words
to ?-ay. [•Bah.' Bah!'] The paper which I hold in my
hand—Bail! Rail[ can read it by its title, and I wish
to have: it published. -For making a speech — [' Good!'
ironical laujhtei, and cues of ' Read it by its title,' : put it j
in a paper,' See.]'5
The report (continued Mr. D.) goes on to repeat
these exclamations of insult thirty times in the
course of it, and to represent to the country, and
to publish to the world, as a true state of facts
actually occurring here, that when a member rose
and stated that he desired to say a few words on a
bill then under consideration, the other members i
of this House cried out, in an insulting manner, j
44 Bah! Bah!" and continued these exclamations; |
and that you, Mr. Speaker, as the presiding officer '
of this body, sitting in that chair, sulFercd this ■
state of things to continue  ^ ;
[Several voices: Not the Speaker—it was in [
committee.] _ j
Mr. DOUGLASS. No; it was both in the |
House and in committee, and this report makes it ;
appear that you, sir, sitting there, allowed these j
insults—these blackguard expressions—to be ap- |
plied to a member of the House, and that you were
so far a party to the infamy as not to call to order.
It represents, that in Committee of the Whole,
when the chair was occupied by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. G. Davis,] these same ex-
clamations were uttered, and that that gentleman
so far forgot himself as to suffer the House to he
disgraced" and one of its members to be insulted in
a most gross and blackguard manner, without call-
ing to order. It represents that I and his other
colleagues sat here in silence, and did not raise our
voices when such an outrage was committed, and
that this whole House sat 111 silence, and did not
raise its voice in reprobation of such insult. I take
occasion to say, that I was occupying u place near
my colleague." I heard no such exclamations. 1
undertake to say, that no man will rise here and
acknowledge himself blackguard enough to declare
that when another member rose to speak upon a
bill, he had insulted that member to his face by
these rude and vulgar exclamations. If there were
any such, I did not hear them; and I would like
to know whether there is one member who did
hear them. I do not pretend to deny that there
was confusion on the occasion—much confusion.
I do not pretend to deny that my colleague was
called to order. He tons called to order; and I am
told he was out of order. But I wish to call the
attention of the House to the fact, that when first
called to order, the chairman said lie could not de-
termine whether the gentleman was out of order
or not. That fact is suppiessed in the report.
The second time my colleague was called to order,
the. Chair decided that as yet, as yet, he was not
out of order. That fact is also suppressed in the
report. When this House, in all sincerity, 1 be-
lieve, laughed at the failure to call him to order,
and my colleague had shown that he was in order,
the report undertakes to say there was uunical
laughter and loud noise and confusion. Now, I
undertake to say, that this report is not an honest
report; that there is a suppression of material facts.
It is a statement of facts which did not occur; and
the whole of it was got up, as would appear on the
face of it, for the purpose of degrading a member
of this House. And in order to show that a mem-
ber had been insulted, the reporter was willing to
degrade the House itself, and to represent it as a
blackguard assembly and a bear garden.
Mr. LEAKE (the floor being yielded) rose and
said that he did not himself know, but he had just
been informed, and understood the fact to be un-
questionably so, that neither of the regular report-
ers of the Union was in the House at the time
alluded to, and that the report was made by an
assistant employed by them on that day. As an
act of justice to the reporters of the Union, and to
all concerned, this fact should be known.
Mr. D. I am exceedingly gratified 
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and suggested that
the rules of the House require that the resolu-
tion, which the gentleman had indicated his inten-
tion to offer, should precede the speech, not the
spccch the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Douglass] rose to what he called a question
of privilege,fend was going on to explain the na-
ture of the case.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman said that
he had a resolution to offer.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I will gratify the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I send up the following reso-
lution, and, when it has been read, will procced
with my rcmaiks upon it.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Reporters of the " Union"
newspaper, published in this city, be expelled from
this House.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. Very well; we'll take
the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. DOUGLASS (in continuation.) I respond
to the demand of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. G. S. Houston,] and I hope there will be no
dodging.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. None in the world—
no dodging.
The SPEAKER interposed to order.
Mr. DOUGLASS. We will take the yeas and
nays. And here 1 will say to my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] that I have nsen
in no spirit of excitement. I have done this tiling
deliberately. I resolved upon it without consult-
ing mortal man; and after I had resolved upon it,
only one gentleman knew that I was going to do
it I have done it from a conscientious sense of
duty. As to the personal controversy that exists
between the editor of the Union and my colleague,
I have nothing to say. I have had nothing to do
with it, any further than to urge both parties to
quit it, because it would operate to the injury of
both, as well as to that of the Democratic party,
and that it could have no other effect than to give
" aid and comfort" to the enemy. To that extent,
and only that, 1 have interfered in the controversy.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested that proba-
bly the gentleman from Illinois would accept an
j amendment to his resolution. Instead of including
all, (the just and the unjust,) let the matter be re-
ferred for inquiry to a select committee,
i Mr. DOUGLASS. I wish to say that I have
J made the resolution general against the reporters
of that paper, because I know not the guilty one.
i I have no personal ill-will towards any of them,
j The proprietors of the Union are my friends: so
[ are the reporters, so far as I know them. But
when a similar outrage was perpetrated here last
i year upon my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Ha wyi.i;,j a
resolution was brought forward, of which this is
a copy.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL.
That way a letter-
' writer.
; Mr. DOUGLASS (continuing): Expelling the
j reporters and letter-writers of another paper. The
| question was then raised, thata distinction should be
made between the guilty and the innocent; but the
House determined that, if the editors of a paper
would allow reporters and letter-writers to commit
! such outrages, the House would look only to the
paper, and would hold it responsible; and would
> exclude all its reporters and letter-writeis until
j men of a different stamp should be procured to re-
i1 port the pioceedings for them. And whenever
! the editors of the Union will purify their report-
' er.-j' box by putting men there who will make faith-
ij ful, honest, and impartial repoits, then I shall be
l: for again admitting them to seats here. My ob-
j jeet is not to injure the editors of the Union nor
I1 the paper itself, norany of the reporters connected
H with it,except the guilty one; and, 1 repeat, when-
1 ever the editors shall purify their box, so that the
i! persons occupying seats there shall be such as gen-
| tlcmen can safely associate with, then, and not
before then, will i be willing again to allow their
repurters seats in this Hall.
Mr. CFIIPMAN here rose and inquired, wheth-
: er the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass]
; pretended that anything contained in the report
was not true? He (Mr. C.) had certainly heard
some such exclamations.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I do say that the things re-
ported here are not true. Arid I will ask the gen-
tleman whether, when my colleague [Mr. Went-
w uKTii] said he desired to say a few words oil the
bill, he (Mr. C.) did get up and say, " Bah, bah,"
to it r
Mr. CHIPMAN. I have read no such report.
Mr. DOUGL ASS. Then I will read it again.
[Mr. D. heie read a portion of the report.]
Mr. CHIPMAN. Does the report say that any
particular member did so ?
Mr. DOUGLASS. No; because the writer knew
that the statement was a falsehood; and, knowing
that it was so, he dared not say that any particu-
lar member on this floor did it. Hence, I say, the
greater the offence, and the more infamous the
crime, because, as no particular member was
named, suspicion attached to all, and the charge
would apply to the whole House. These excla-
mations are continued almost through every sen-
tence, and they occur m the whole report thirty
times—yes, thirty times—demonstrating that the
object of the reporter was, first, to suppress the
previous debate; second, to magnify tins matter;
and thirdly, to put it m such a shape as would lead
the world to believe that the whole House had in-
sulted my colleague, and by doing so, had disgraced
itself. And thus, for the purpose of publishing a
false and fraudulent report, this House is stultified
arid disgraced in the eyes of the world. I desire •
to vindicate the character of the House; [ desire
to vindicate my own reputation as a member of it;
I desire to do justice to my colleague, by having
that go forth which is true. These are the con-
siderations which have prompted me to offer the
resolution. And 1 tell gentlemen that I have of-
fered it, fully prepared to meet the consequences.
I tell them that I am not going to vote to expel a
Whig repoi tei for a less offence, and then refuse
to expel a Democratic reporter for agrcatcr offence.
The difference is this: the Whig reporter only
wrote a letter purporting to give a representation
of something that took place here, which was evi-
dently a burlesque on the face of it. This re-
porter has purported to report what took place,
and has falsified the report and blackguarded the
House. He has insulted you, Mr. Speaker; he
has insulted every member of the committee and
of the House; and for those reasons I offer the
resolution, and trust it will be adopted.
Mr. KENNEDY obtained the floor, and said he
desired to state to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Douclass,] befoie he undertook to expel
this reporter, (he knew not who he was, nor did
he care,) that he must not assume that this was a
libel upon this House, or that it was a false report.
| It so happened that I participated in that scene,
; which 1 am perfectly willing- to admit, if the gen-
i tleman will have it so, was a disgrace to the
House. But it will never do for members on this
floor, because they arc clothed with a " little
buefauthoiity," to attempt to throw off theirown
: disgrace upon the shoulders of those who dare to
repoit them correctly; and I tell gentlemen, the
way to save this House from being libelled, is so
to conduct themselves as to avoid the necessity of
compelling the reporters to disgrace them in making
true reports of the proceedings here. Now, I don't
! know how man* " balls" there were, or how true
it was 
Mr. DOUGLASS (interposing) remarked that
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] said
he had participated in this scene, which he (Mr. D.)
pronounced a disgrace. 1 did not know that the
I gentleman did, and 1 wish to put the question
whether be did, when a member rose, and spoke
to the question, insult him and the House by say-
ing " bah ! ball !" to him *
Mr. KENNEDY. I recognise no right on the
part of the gentleman from Illinois to catechise
me.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I did not catechise the gen-
tleman. I was disclaiming having imputed to him
I any such tiling, not believing that he did, or that
1 any other member did, as the report represents.
Mr. KENNEDY. I repeat, 1 heard repeatedly
over this House exclamations of dissatisfaction
and disgust that a member should seize upon a
private bill to attempt to make a personal expla-
nation that the House refused to hear, and that it
was disgraceful to make, under such circumstances'
Mr. 'DOUGLASS. I wish to call attention
