354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
F eb. 8,
war; sent there to be discharged in any territory
which may belong to the United States at the con-
clusion of this war.
Why, it is ail idle arguing as to the course of
this Administration. Its course is fixed. I trust
the President will continue firmly to adhere to it.
I am for territory, sir; and I am also for preserv-
ing the character of that territory against the ag-
gressions of slavery; I ara against subduing the
soil which is now free, and making slave territory
of it.
But my friend from Philadelphia [Mr. C. J. In-
gersoll] gives me a consoling assurance: and that
is, that a slave cannot live there. Sir, as much as
I respect his declaration, yet in the face of the dec-
larations of the whole South, I cannot abide by it.
Sir, every southern man declares they wil! hold it
for slavery; that all below 3fi° 30' shall be slave
territory. And yet it is not the <( proper time"
now ! The President's policy is fixed; the South
declare their purpose; and yet northern men have
flinched from meeting it.
Sir, an honorable gntleman from the South, I
believe the one at my side, [Mr. Bitrt,] made the
novel, the proud declaration on this floor, that "we
have no traitors at the South." It seemed to me,
sir, as if the declaration was made with that pride
which a brave man feels when he knows that he
is surrounded by brave, firm associates. But if,
as has been said, this measure, which was support-
ed by a large majority in the House, which com-
manded the votes of a majority of the Democratic
party in this House, if it is to be smothered,
stifled, put down; if the men on whom we depend
for support will flinch from meeting the question
now, I shall understand that declaration as a with-
ering, scorching, burning sarcasm on the North.
Yes, sir; " there are no traitors in the South."
The South is true to herself on this question and
on all questions. "Well; the North did stand true
once on this question: on this question the North
stood true at the last session, and I believe she
will again. I have no fears, sir, for the action
of northern men on this subject. It is right, sir;
it is just; it is timely. Anil if ever a time was
when such a declaration can be effectual, it is now.
" Wait until this country is acquired?" Why, I
am already informed, and believe—indeed the fun-
damental law which General Kearny chose to give
to New Mexico, bears on its face the impress, that
the southern slareiy of this Union has alrt<idy
found its way there; and there is no doubt of it.
There, in violation of law; theie, against the fun-
damental law of the Mexican Republic. General
Kearny, in this fundamental law which he lays
down for the government of that country, 111 pre-
scribing the qualifications of electors, say's: "live-
ry free male citizen," &c. Then, there are smne
males that are not free! And I understand that
already on the line between Missouri and that
country arc found slaves who are being removed
thither; that already 111 that country there are
slaves. No: we passed but a few days ago in this
House an Oregon bill, in which we exclude sla-
very from that territory. The proposition restrict-
ing slavery there, lias by a majority of the Senate's
committee, by southern meii, been stricken out.
And yet, in the face of these facts, it is nol time to
act! " Wait till we get the skin of the lion before
we dispute about his hide!" Now, [ say, we have
the skin of the lion, and southern men are already
grappling it, and intend to avail themselves exclu-
sively of its benefits. Southern men say this is
the time to meet the question; that neither party
should be deceived. The North ought not to be
deceived and betrayed, under the idea held out to
her that no slavery is to oxist in that territory, if
when the country is legally annexed—(for I srant
the forms are not gone through with, although it
is ours: I hold it 13 ours, and must remain forever
so, unless we give it up. The conquest is made,
and the forms of annexation, only, remain to be
gone through with:)—if when it is fully annexed
we are to find slavery established there and recog-
nised by this Government. 0
Now, it does seem to me, in the face of these
things, that now is the time for this declaration.
Lict not the South be deceived. Let no prospects
be held out to her, that this war is to result in sus-
taining, strengthening, and extending this institu-
tion. Now is the time, and the honest time, to
meet this question.
But I am told, You are embarrassing the Ad-
ministration by bringing forward this proposition.
We embarrassing it—the majority of the Demo-
crats 011 this floor! Why, in God's name, are we
to be forced—why are we to be called upon, who
arc a majority on this floor—a majority of the Re-
publican party, who carry out its great principles,
and vindicate them—are we to be forced to aban-
don our principles? Are we to be held up as fac-
tionists, as,agitators, and the minority to be held
up as the only true and faithful Democrats? We
are disposed to aid in carrying out this war. We
have voted for all the supplies of men and money
that have been considered necessary by the Ad-
ministration. We have done everything that men
could do, or that has been asked of us, in support
of this war; and yet, becausc the majority seek—
not the abolition of slavery, not to do violence
to any rights of the South, for we vcspcct their
rights, we will stand by them—but because we
seek that this Government shall not be made an
instrument of pushing this institution of slavery
over territory now free, we are to be called agita-
tors, and it is to be said that we are embarrassing
the Administration !
There is the point, and, in my judgment, the
strong point—the neutrality of uur Government;
and for this Government to stand by and sec sla-
very carried into these territories, and slaves held
there, would be tantamount, in my estimation, to
a positive enactment in its favor. It would be the
same thing.
My colleague [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] tells me,
however, Wait till the people meet together to form
their own Constitution, and let them then decide
whether they will have slavery m that Territory
or not. Sir, I am willing it should be so. All I
ask is—and my amendment goes no further—(for
we can legislate over this Terutoiy only <is longns
it is a Territory)—that slavery shall be prevented
from entering there, and getting a foothold before
that time. When we surrender it up, and .States
are foimed within if and admitted, they come into
the Union with all the attributes of sovereign
States, and have the right to act for themselves
upon this question, as upon all others. I suppose
that Pennsylvania could establish slavery to-day,
if she chose; and so could Ohio, in spite of the or-
dinance of 1787. But all we demand is, that while
this is a Territory, and while it is under the control
of the Government of the United States, that tins
Government should religiously preserve its char-
acter. Free it is now; and free, with God's help,
it shall remain. It shall nnt.be fettered; it shall
not he trampled upon: it is ours bv destiny; and
we will keep it, and keep it free. When territory
presents itself for annexation with slavery already
established, I stand ready to take it, if national
considerations require it, as they did m the case of
Texas. 1 will not change its institutions, then. I
make no war upon the South, I have no squeam-
ish sensitiveness on the subject of slavery—no
morbid sympathy for the slave. But I stand for
the integrity of the territory. It shall remain
free, so far as my voice and vote can aid in the
preservation of its free character.
And that is what we ask. And yet the majority
of this House, the majority of the Republicans of
the North, are called upon to yield—what? To
make concession of things that ought to be con-
ceded ? No. They are called upon to yield up
rights clearly their own. Where is the northern
gentleman prepared to do it? I will go for con-
cession, for compromise: but to compiomise on
this question is to compromise the right, and
establish the wiong. It is to carry rdjucry where
it does not now exist; to violate the integrity of
this territory. If you refuse to make it slave ter-
ritory, is that an invasion of the rights of the
South ? While I have, as I before remarked, no
squeamish sensitiveness on the subject—none
whatever—I am nevertheless one of "those who
believe that the future destiny and glory of this
Republic depend in a great measure upon letting
the institution remain within its present limits.
But, upon this point, one other thought. The
North has ever been ready to yield when the cry
of disunion came from the South. And, by-the-
by, when southern gentlemen sit down and revise
their estimates of the value of this Union, I have
no fears of dissolution from that quarter. Not
that I doubt'the bravery of the South. I know
they dare do all brave men dare do in vindication
of their rights. But they will not, when the North
is right, when tbev stand on the broad, firm ground
of justice and right, dissolve the Union for such a
cause. I would be afraid to invade their rights; I
would expect, from their known character, from
their chivalry, and from the position they have
heretofore taken upon the question of State-rights,
a manful resistance. I would be afraid that trouble
would grow out of such a controversy. I say, I
would be afraid to invade their rights. This we
are not disposed to do. But I am not afraid to do
right; I am not afraid to insist upon this position,
that territory now free shall remain free while
under the control of this Government.
Sir, there is another reason, and a most substan-
tial one, why this amendment should be made
now, and made to this bill. For what is this
appropriation to be made? To make peace. How
to make peace? I inquire, sir. No one supposes
by a humiliating purchase of peace. Why, sir,
we took up arms to conquer peace, and, with
God's blessmg, we are able to do it. Then this
money is not asked for as the means of buying a
humiliating peace. What return, then, are we to
have for this money? And why are we asked to
appropriate it? Sir, to buy territory. That is the
object of the appropiiation, express and avowed.
My friend, the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] avows it
is to buy territory; and the honorable chairman of
the same committee in the Semite [Mr. Sevier]
makes the same distinctadmission. His language
on this subject is explicit:
"The intelligence possessed by tlie President gives them
reason to believe that upon a certain advance to be made to
pay the expenses of their [the Mexicans-] army" 
Why, in God's name, are we to pay the expenses
of their army? It is hard enough to fight them as
the war is going on, and pay our own expenses.
Whij pay the expenses of the Mexican army ? Sir,
theie is a reason for it:
rc and other cxjicmcs, they [the Mexican*] would be willing
to cede that potion of their territory fNew Mexico and
Upper California] which he had named."
And yet, when the bill is before this House,
making the very appropriation asked for to buy
tenitory, northern men tell .us they don't believe
any territory is to be acquired, and that this move-
ment is out of place; that it is bunging forward an
agitating question ! An agitating question ! Why,
if the minority on this floor of the Democratic
party will conie up and yield to the right, there
will be no " agitation'5 upon this question. I im-
plore the minority of the Democratic party on this
floor—who are shown to be a minority by the vote
of the last session—to stop the agitation of this
subject; to yield to the fair, honest, rightful de-
mand of the North. We seek no agitation of the
subject; but because we will not yield to the mi-
nority, we are denounced as the agitating party.
This is a strange doctrine for Democrats.
Sir, my reasons for moving in this matter have
been in part given. Bccausc I saw the policy of
the Administration—every man with his eyes open
sees it, and must see it. There is no concealment.
Territory we will have, and money we ask of you
to buy it with. I am ready, I am anxious to give
this money. I will vote for it. But I seek in the
act which gives this money, that the territory shall
be preserved from the aggiessions of slavery; that
the territory, so far as the act of this Government
can do it, shall be sealed up for freedom. This is
what I seek.
One«gentleman from South Carolina [Mr, Rhett]
submitted a long constitutional argument on this
question, and one which, it seemed to me, fritter-
ed away all the poweivs of Government. I tried
to follow him in his ideas of sovereignly, and they*
led me away into the clouds. I understand by sov-
ereignty, the power which makes law; which de-
mands oi'its citizens to yield to its authority; which
executes the laws, and enforces obedience. Sir, I
could not understand the distinction he was pleased
to make, when he said, " the powers of sovereignty
are one thing, and its being another." It may l. o
my fault; but I know of no sovereignty distinct
from its attributes. Sovereignty is known by its
attributes and acts. The thcoiy of our Govern-
ment places all sovereignty in the hands of the peo-
ple. But in a technical and legal sense, sovereignty
resides in the State Legislatures and in this Con-
gress. Within the limits of the Constitution, we
are sovereign; and within the limits of their respect-
ive constitutions, the Legislatures of the States aro
sovereign. The right of the people to remodel or
alter their Government, is a right which the theory
of our Government sustains and maintains. Why,
