1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
m
the argument of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina >vould strangely conflict with the opinions held
by that school of constructionists, in the case of
Rhode Island. I recollect they denied theauthority
of the people of Rhode Island to remodel their con-
stitution. In one breath he makes sovereignty re-
side in the people; in the next, in the States; and
he makes the States joint-tenants and co-sovereigns
over the Territories of the Union. Well, what acts
of sovereignty can these co-sovereigns exercise over
this territory? Can South Carolina legislate for it?
Can Pennsylvania' The States can act upon this
territory only through this General Government.
I maintain that tins Government, so far as the terri-
tory of the Union is concerned, is sovereign within
the limits of the Constitution.
Why, every argument of the gentleman against
this amendment was with equal force against the
ordinance of 1787 and the Missouri compromise.
The great questions of constitutional right, of civil
s'ight, of the rights of the people of the South, arc
not determined by parallels of latitude and longi-
tude. If this proposition invades the. rights of the
South, then the Missouri compromise line invades
the rights of the South. If we have no right to
say to them that slavery shall not exist in Cali-
fornia and New Mexico, we have no right to say
to them that it shall not go north of the Missouri
compromise line. I can understand, however, that
when a State has obtained population sufficient to
entitle it to admission into the Union, and it is ad-
mitted, then it comes in an independent sovereign,
and all we ask is, that until that day does arrive,
slavery should be excluded from that territory. If
it is free territoiy when they knock at our doors
for admission, or when the people assemble in
convention to form fundamental laws for its gov-
ernment as a State under the Constitution of ther
United States, if the territory is free then, I'll run
the risk of their making slave territory out of it.
But we do demand that the fundamental law of
this territory, which excludes slavery, shall not be
violated. We demand that this Government shall
not stand by and wink at its jfiolation.
It does seem strange, that all the odium is to he
heaped upon us who stand intrenched firmly he-
hind our rights; and that the South, which stands
warring against ri«ht, that the whole Administra-
tion press,"shall cast aspersions upon us and doubts
of the fidelity of those who maintain that the char-
acter of this territory shall be preserved.
Now, I trust that this amendment will liotbe re-
garded as puerile or childish, or that it is offered
out of season. It was offered, sir, when our stand-
ard was raised over the territory, and not to be
lowered, not to be taken down. It was offered
when a fundamental law was prescribed fot'one of
Ske territories which we intend to hold. We have
it now—it is ours. And the President asks you
for money by which we may seal and conclude all
necessary arrangements for bringing it in as a part
of the domain of the country. And upon that bill
I offered my amendment.
I would have been glad, indeed rejoiced, as ob-
jections are made to bringing it forward in this
manner, to have had an opportunity lo introduce
an independent proposition upon this subject,
standing isolated and alone. But every man knows
that no such opportunity has, or can be, offered
under the rules of this House. A resolution of
that character can only be got in by suspending
the rules, and that requnes a vote of two-thirds.
I had a resolution drawn, for more than three
weeks, for the propose of getting it in, and I could
not even get so far as to make the motion that
the rules be suspended. I abandoned it as idle
and useless, and came back to this proposition,
which was carried last session in this House by a
large majority.
Whatj I ask, has changed the case since that
time? That proviso was strong then. It stood
here in this Hall, a giant in.its strength; the North
rallying to it as one man. Who has shorn this
Samson of its locks, if shorn they are? How is
this measure to be defeated ? What considerations
have induced men to change their position upon
this question ? It is right and just; and if there is
any thing wrong, the South is in the wrong for not
yielding.
But, sir, in reference to slavery, while, as I said
before, I have no morbid sympathies on this sub-
ject, I do believe it is a great political and a great
' social evil. I believe it is the most difficult prob-
lem which we will have to \york out m our free
Government here. Why, if you go back to the
days of the Revolution, or rather after the estab-
lishment of peace and of our independence, you
find there were six slave States and seven free
States; the slave States containing an area of some
fifty thousand square miles more than the free
States, and with about equal population. This is
shown by the census of 1790. Now, in 1840, these
seven free States have double the population of
these six slave States. How, and why is it? Why,
in the Revolution, Massachusetts furnished more
men for the carrying on the war than the entire
slave States. How happened this? Not from want
of patriotism on the part of the South—for they
were foremost in that glorious struggle—but from
the want of ability, growing out of this question
of slavery. Where the men who labor in the field
are slaves, you cannot place arms in their hands;
and it is the laboring man, the man who toils in
the field, who constitutes and will constitute the
strength and defence of his country oil the field of
battle. That is the reason. Why, if this war
continue, Pennsylvania, I believe, will send moie
men into the field than the entire six original slave
States. Not that Pennsylvania feels any more in-
terest in the vindication of the honor and the glory
of the country than they do; but because she has
the men to do it, and, owing to the peculiar insti-
tution of the South, they have them not: their la-
borers cannot take arms. Why is it that Vir-
ginia, the " mother of States"—that State which
has ever been foremost, since the adoption of the
Constitution, in the vindication of the rights of the
States and the liberties of the people—why is it
that the sun of the glorious " Old Dominion" is
not still in the ascendant? She used to be first:
before New York, before Pennsylvania; and now
she is outstripped by .some States that have grown
up within the memory and lives of the present
generation. How is it> Why, owing to this in-
stitution. This is the whole secret. I believe it.
Contrast again Ohio with Kentucky. Why is it
that the one has left the oilier in the race of pros-
perity and growth in greatness? It is owing en-
tirely to this institution m the one, ami not in the
other. There is always a lack of energy, a want
of enterprise in slave labor, which are found m free
labor. Why, 1 verily believe that the poor man
of the North, who goes into the woods to hew
himself out a home, docs more work than three
slaves, while he consumes less. Nothing is neg-
lected by him; his rye catches everything that re-
quiies attention. It is their enterprise, their dili-
gence, their economy, that builds up new empires
in the West, while the South has been falling back.
Why, sir, contrast Michigan and Arkansas. In
twenty years, Michigan has assumed a high posi-
tion among the States of this Union. She has all
the elements of a great State; cities, flourishing
towns, and highly cultivated fields; with a popula-
tion that outnumbers three or foul times that of
Arkansas. And yet Arkansas has even a better
soil, even superior natural advantages. What is
the cause of this disparity? It is owing to this
institution in Aikansas, and the absence of' it in
Michigan.
Now, as a friend of the Union, and in no spirit
of hostility to the South, but as a friend of the
American Union, I offered this proposition. Why.
Mr. Walker told you, when lie was urging the
annexation of Texas, (and I admit the force of his
argument,) annex Texas, and you open a frontier
of two thousand miles bordering on Mexico, where
this slave and black population, as it shall increase
and press upon the country, can pass off, and he- i
come mingled up with the mixed laces of Mexico !
and South America. i
Here the hour expired, and Mr. Wii.mot was j
broken off m his remarks. i
[The remarks of A-Tr.Wn.mot, of which the)
above is the substance, will be found in the Ap- ^
pend'X, as written out and revised by himself.] j
Mr. STRONG, of New York, obtained the
floor.
The CHAIR, raised a question of order,
contending that all the speeches were out of order,
there being no question befoie the committee.
Mr. SAWYER, moved to strike out the first sec-
tion of the, bill.
Mr, DR(">MGOOLE said that would decapitate
the bill, and a committee had no power to destroy
a bill referred to them, but only to amend, or to
recommend that it do not puss.^
The motion was ruled out of orde,r.
Mr. STRONG claimed the floor; and, to make
his speech in order, moved to strike out " three"
millions and insert " two." He then went into a
question in which he avoved his intention to vote
against the proviso, such being' his understanding
of the will of his constituents, and of his State.
He concluded by saying he should vote for the
bill, but against the proviso.
[Mr. Strong's speech will be published.in the
Appendix.]
Mr. CH1PMAN next obtained the floor and.,ad-
dressed the committee.
When Mr. C. concluded, the committee rose and
reported progress.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the bill making ap-
propriations for the Indian Dopartmcntforthefiscal
year ending June 30, 1848, and the bill making
appropriations for the Military Academy, which
had been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The bill from the Senate to extend the time for
selling the lands granted to the Kentucky Asylum
for teaching the "deaf and dumb was read twice,
and refeircd to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. G. W. JONES objected to the transaction
of any further business, as the House was without
n quorum.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill from the Sen-
ate entitled "An act to apply certain alternate sec-
tions of the public domain toward the completion
of works of internal improvement in the State of
Michigan, and for other purposes," reported the
same with an amendment.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
I. A communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a rcpoitof the Director
of the Mint of the United States, showing the op-
erations of the mint, &c., for the year 18-J(j.
II. A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report m answer to the resolutions
of the House of the 10th August and the 13th Jan-
uary, 1841!, of Messrs. Butler and Lewis, late com-
i missioncrs to (he Indians of Texas and the south-
wrstcrn prairies. Laid on the table, and ordered
to be piintcd.
III. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, tiansinitting, in obcdience to a resolu-
tion of tlic House of the 8th December last, a re-
port relative to the employment of secret inspectors
of the customs or agents in any capacity other than
ordinary officers. Referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means and ordered to be printed.
IV. A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in compliance with the act of
May j, f8*20, a statement of the appropriations for
the naval sm ice for the fiscal year ending June
30, JS'-Ki. Laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
V. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in obedience to sundry
resolutions of tlie House of the 10th of August
last, a report of the cost of collecting the revenue
fiorn customs for the year ending 30th June, 184G,
and ill each collection district separately, and
also estimates of the sums of money necessary to
defray tin' expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs for the latter half of the ycoi 1846, and
for the next fiscal year; also, as to whether any
and what elmn^es can be made m the Treasury
f'leptii'tment, by which greater economy and equal
efficiency may he secured to tlie Administration.
Rolened to the Committee of YvTays and Means
and ordered to be printed.
VI. A communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, transmittiiii a report of the disbursing agent
of that Department, exhibiting' a detailed statement
of Ins ierejpt<- rou! payments during the calendar
year Jb-40. Laid oil "the table and ordered to be
printed.
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 9, 1847.
The.Tournal ofyesterday was read and approved.
'Mr DICKINSON presented the petition of cit-
iz.ens of Cayu«'a county, New York, praying that
I the Tonawamla band may be excepted from the
' execution of the treaty of 1842 between the Urn-
