356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
ted States and the Seneca Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MILLER presented five petitions of citi-
zens of Washington, praying certain amendments
to the city charter; which were referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BAGrBY presented five petitions of citizens
of Washington, praying that the use or sale of
spirituous liquors in and about the Capitol may he
prohibited; which were referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Land^ reported a bill to grant a right of preemp-
tion to Philip H. Dering and Robert K. Champion,
to a tract of mineral land; which was read a first
time.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration,
as in committee of the whole, of the bill to repeal
the act of 2d March, 1837, entitled "An act con-
cerning pilots.39 *
Mr. DIX addressed the Senate in favor of the
bill.
Mr. MILLER indicated a desire to reply to the
honorable gentleman from New York, and accord-
ingly moved that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until to-morrow, which was
agreed to.
The adverse reports from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, upon the petitions of Hans Nelson and
Josiah Colston, and from the Committee of Claims,
upon the claim of the administrator of Jacob House-
man, deceased, were severally taken up and con-
curred in.
Mr. SPEIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill from the
House making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensions of the United j
States, for the year ending 30th June, 1848, re- '
ported the same without amendment. '
The Senate having proceeded to consider said
bill as in committee of the whole—
Mr. JOHNSON", ofLoui siana, moved to amend j
the bill by adding the following as an additional j
section: :
Sec. 2. Be it faither enacted, Tls.it, Aom and aftei thr  1
pa^sasc of this act, the fcVoroftiry of War is herr-hy autho-
rized to make such comiiensHtion to asjenN foi jnyiny pen-
sions, as may bo ju&t anil r< asouable, to !> > p ml out of the
futvl appropriated for thi1 payment of rovol utiou.iry punt-ion.-*,
. hut in no ease to pxceed two per centum on moneys dis-
burse! by them ; the said compensation to be in full lot all
their service, and any contingent evpon^1* that may aiw
ill the dHcharyp of then o licicU diino—booK^, printing, and
stationary evcepted.
The further consideration of the bill was tjien
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER said, before the special order was
taken up, he desired to make a motion, asking for
another committee of conference with the House of
Representatives in relation to the disagreeing vote.
He believed he mighcsay that both brandies were
now pledged to concur in giving the President the
power to appoint during the rc^ehs.
The motion having been agreed to, Mr. BUT-
LER moved that the Chair appoint the committee
on the part ol the. Senate—expressing a wish that
he^might not be named as one of them.
The motion was agreed to.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT named Messrs, Man-
gum, Dickinson, and Niles.
THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill making a special
appropriation to bring the war with Mexico to
a speedy and honorable conclusion—the question
pendm^bemg the amendment of Mr. C\ss.
Mr. CALHOUN rose and addressed the Senate.
JNevo^ (said he) since I have been upon the stage
ot action, has this country been placed in a more
critical situation than at pr^ent. We are not only
in the midst of a war, a very difficult and very ex-
pensive war, but we are involved in a domestic
question of the most irritating and dangerous char-
acter. They both claim our serious and deliberate
consideration, and T do trust, that before this ses-
sion closes, late as it is, they will both receive a
rail discussion. It is due to our constituents that
the actual state of things in reference to both should
e ulfy understood. For the present, I purpose to
consider the question which is moie immediately
pending: How shall this war be best conducted in
order to bring it most advantageously to a success-
ful termination; or, to express it a little more fully,
w s ia 1 it be conducted to enable us most advan-
tageously to effect all the objects for which the war
was made; for it is only by effecting these objects,
that the war can properly be said to be successful.
There are two ways (continued Mr. C.) in which
this war may be conducted. The one is, to push
on offensive operations until Mexico is compelled
to yield to our terms; the other is, to take a defen-
sive position, and to maintain and secure the pos-
session of the country which is already in our
military occupation; and the question which 1 pro-
pose now to consider is, which of these two ought
to be selected? This is, Mr. President, a great
question; in my opinion it is next in importance
only to the war itself. I have given it my most de-
liberate consideration, and the result to which I
have come is, that we ought to choose the defen-
sive position, and I shall now proceed to state the
reasons on which that conclusion is founded. I
believe that such a course is the best calculated to
bring this war to a successful termination, or, to
express it more fully and more explicitly, (for I
wish to be fully comprehended upon this impor-
tant question,) to bring it to a certain successful ter-
mination, and that with the least sacrifice of men
and money, and with the least hazard of disasters
or sacrifices, or loss of reputation* or standing to
this country.
If he rightly understood the objects for which
this war was declared, he felt a deep conviction,
that by assuming this defensive attitude all those
objects m ghtbe obtained; if he rightly understood,
he repeated, for, strange as it might seem, the ob-
jects for which the war was commenced were left,
even at this late day, to inference. He had exam-
ined the message of the President to Congress, con-
taining his recommendation that Congress should
make war—the messages rather, and the acts of this
body arising out of them—for the purpose of dis-
covering the objects for which the war should be
undertaken. The result of that examination was,
that the objects for which the war was made were
threefold: liist, to repel invasion; next, to estab-
lish the Rio del Norte as the western boundary of
Texas; and, thirdly, to obtain payment of the in-
demnities due to our citizens for claims which they
held against Mexico. The two first appeared to
him to be the primary objects of the war, and the
last only accessory. , The President, in his mes-
sage, did not recommend Congress to declare
war. No; he assumed that the war already ex-
isted, and called upon Congress to recognise its
existence. The President assumed it to exist, be-
cause the country had been invaded, and blood had
been spilled on Anieiican soil. This assumption
he predicated on the ground that the Rio del Norte
was the western boundary of Texas; and he alleged
that the Mexicans had crossed tliat boundary—had
come to the American side—which he affirmed was
an invasion; and the war having been thus entered
upon, he recommended likewise that it should be
prosecuted in reference to the claims of our citi-
zens. The act of Congress declaring that war had
been made by the republic of Mexico recognised
the Rio del Norte to be the western boundary of
Texas, and affirmed that the crossing of that river
by the Mexicans constituted an act of invasion.
Hence, both the executive and the legislative
branches of this Government were committed to the
fact that the Rio del Norte was the western bound-
ary of Texas, and that the crossing it was an in-
vasion on the part of the Mexicans. These were
clearly primary objects. But in recommending the
war, the President recommended that it be prose-
cuted for the objects which he had already men-
tioned, among which was that, of indemnity to our
citizens, an object which, though not a sufficient
cause of war m itself, yet, being involved in war,
it appeared to him might properly he made one of
the causes foi which the war should be prosecuted,
that all causcs of difference might be settled. These
were the three objects of the war.
But (continued Mr. C.) the President now further
recommends that the war be prosecuted m order
to obtain indemnity for the expenses of the war
itself. That can. however, in no sense be consid-
ered as one of the primary objects of the war,
though it may be said to be a legitimate policy;
for it can never be supposed that a country would
enter upon a war for the mere purpose of being
indemnified for the cost of that war. I hold, then,
Mr. President—such being the objects of the war—
that all those objects for which it was declared can
be accomplished by taking a defensive position.
Two of them ha.veb.een already thoroughly effected.
The invasion has been repelled by two brilliant
victories; the Rio del Norte is held from its source
to its mouth as the American boundary; a single
Mexican soldier does not remain within our terri-
tory; and such has been the success of our arms,
that wc have not only acquired enough territory
from them, but vastly more than enough to indem-
nify us for the expenses of the war, if it should be
the judgment of this body that it would be a sound,
wise, or just policy on our part to seek sueh in-
demnity. Here, then, wc have the question pre-
sented, shall we hold to the line we now occupy,
and which we cover by our military forces, com-
prehending two-thirds of the whole of Mexico,
embracing the valley of the Rio del Norte on both
sides, as far upward as the Sierra Madre, and down
to the extremities of Upper California and New
Mexico—shall we hold all this, or shall we select
some other position better calculated for the object
we have in view? Sir, I am not at all- prepared to
discuss this point. J have not the requisite infor-
mation, and, if I had, it would not be necessary,
with the object I have in view. What I propose
to discuss, in the absence of sueh information, is,,
what considerations ought to govern us if this
point were determined—if it were determined that
a defensive line is the course of policy to be pur-
sued; and this i\gain must be deduced from the
objects contemplated by the war.
He would now proceed to state what, in his
opinion, those considerations were; the first of
which necessarily must be to effect the objects they
had in view in Heclaring the war, viz: to repel in-
vasion, to acquire the territory as far east as the
Del Norte, to establish that as our boundary, and
to compel the payment of the indemnities due to,
our citizens. And, as far as these considerations
were concerned, they ought not to go an inch be-
yond them ; they ought to avoid the appearance
even of taking possession of any portion of the
country in the way of conquest. But what was
to be demanded by these considerations might be
I enlarged by others, which he would now procced
to state. And, first, as to forming our boundary:
he considered that it should be done in such a
manner as would involve the smallest possible
sacrifice of men and of money; and that it should
possess all the natural advantages that such a
boundary ought to possess, in order that supplies
of men and provisions could readily be drawn
fiom the adjacent country. The next considera-
tion, in his opinion, which ought to govern them
in selecting the line was this: it ought to be con-
venient, to possess all natural advantages, to "be
tenable at the least expense, and to allow supplies
to be introduced with the greatest facility, and
such as it would be desirable for us to possess, if,
upon the ultimate adjustment of our differences
with Mexico, itshould become the common bound-
ary between the two countries. And he would go
further: he would say that it should be such a line
as would not deprive Mexico in the smallest possi-
ble degree of her resources and her strength; for,
while we consulted our own interests in establish-
ing a defensive line, wc should not overlook what,
was due to Mexico. He held that wc ought to
be just and liberal towards Mexico, not only be-
cause she was our neighbor; not only because she
was a sister republic; $ot only because she was
emulous now, and ever had been emulous, of im-
itating our example in the establishment of free in-
stitutions; not only because she was, next to our-
selves, the greatest Power upon this continent,
amidst all the Powers which had grown up from
Spanish or other European origin; though these
were high considerations, which every American
ought to feel, and which every generous and sym-
pathetic heart would feel, yet there weie others,,
which referred more immediately to ourselves.
Mexico was one of the greatest problems among
nations; and', in his opinion, the true policy of
this country was, not to repress her power, but,
on the contrary, to rentier her strong, and capable
of sustaining all those relations which might exist
between her and other nations. He held that there
was a mysterious connexion between the fate of
this country and that of Mexico, and that her in-
dependence and respectability, and capability of
maintaining all those relntions, were almost as es-
sential to us as they were to Mexico. He held
that Mexico was to us forbidden fruit; and that,
if we should consume that fruit, it would be almost
tantamount to the political death of our own insti-
tutions.
The next consideration was, that the line should
