ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
the object was not conquest—he bad made up his
mind that the object was not conquest, because we
had territory more than ample upon our hands al-
ready for all the purposes of this Government for
years to come. If not for conquest, he would ask
for what an offensive war was to he carried on:1
He would be answered, it was to obtain peace; or,-
to use the language commonly employed, "to con-
quer a peace"—an expression which, if-literally
considered, would be to perpetuate war. To con-
quer peace could mean nothing more than to make
war permanent. How, Then, way peace finally to
be obtained or conquered? It could only be by
treaty. War might be made by one nation; peace
must always be made by two. Our object, then,
in order to secure peace, was to obtain a tiealy. ;
What sort of a treaty? Such n tieaty as woaki 1
suit Mexico ? We eouM get such a tre.uy at any ;
time. -No; but a treaty that would suit us—such j
a treaty as we miyht choose to dictate! Such !
was the treaty of'peace which it was the object ot '•
Iiiis war to obtain. The war, as lie had already |
said, had been prosecuted for the purpose of ob- j
tabling the establishment of a boundary \vh1J1 this
Government desired should be formed by the Rio
del Norte. This was one of its objects. The ob-
ject, then, was to compel Mexico to acknowledge
that to be ours which we could hold wil limit her
consent. Twist it and turn it as they pleased, they
could make no more of it than this. This vigor-
ous and offensive war, he repeated, was to compel
Mexico to acknowledge that to be ouis which we
could easily hold in spite of all she could do.
Now, (continued Mr. C.,) under this aspect of the
question, £ put it home to the Senate, is it worth
while to pursue a war of this desouption. an ollcn-
sive war, even if you were assuied Ui.a you could
reach the city of Mexico duin'" this campaign
and dictate such a treaty' Sir, what is to be the
strength of the army which you piopose to raise
in order to accomplish this purpose.' And what
is the amount of money which will be required to
.carry on your military operations witli tli.it <irmy>
You propose to raise upwards of seventy thousand
men, and to expend thuty-five or forty millions of j
(lollats. Nay, we will suppose that you htue.in I
effective war establishment in the field of but fifty j
thousand troops. Now, what will be the end of
the campaign? Suppose, by a concurrence of fa- j
vorable circumstances, you have effected the whole |
that you contemplated by the employment of this j
force and the expenditure of this money, what
then is the slate of the ea.se > Why, you will have i
sacrificed 111 the first pla.-e thirty millions of dollars
to get to the city ot Mexico to dictate this peace; '
and what the sacrtlice of life will be, may be judged
by looking at the past. One-thiid must 'be put i
down as certain to pensli, not by the sword, but
by disease; liltcen thousand lives, then, mu^t be
sacrificed. And I now put this (|iicstion: Is it
worth while thit tiles.? sacrifices .should be made '
in order to get that winch is within your reach
without any sacrifice at all ? Sir, i put a higher
question, thirty millions of dollars to lie expended '
in pushing your war, which must result in obtain- !
1115- for us 110 more than \ve have ahcady ? Is there j
any man here who would give for California fifteen '
millions of money ? Yet we propose to prosecute 1
ci war at an expense of thirty millions, which is to 1
produce this resuit. Sir, I am but touchino- the 1
shell of this matter as yet. Is there any ceitainty !
that ynu will reach the city of Mexico, or if you !
reach it, is there any certainty that you can dictate
a peace there, even if in possession of the city ? 1
.these are considerations which eomm-md our at- '
tcntion. They are considerations of the utmost ma"- i
jiitude. but there arc others which are not to be
overlooked. A11 otfensive war looks ultimately to '
subduing the country against which it is wa4d-
mid taking this to be the object of it, we htne !
scarcely commenced an offensive war. It is tree '
we have aequued two-thirds of the Mexican terri i
tory by tfau* war, in that part of Mcxico that i* !
adjacent to ua; and let n he lemembered furihei 1
that this acquisition ^ives us a larger extent of >'
country than the whole valley of the" Mississippi
and in this immense space wo have not more than
ftve or six hundred thousand inhabitants.
Now we have overrun this adjacent country to
this vast extent, and with this'thin population,
hardly a man of whom had joined the forces of the
enemy: andwhat has been the result of thus net-
ting possession ? Have we conciliated the Mexi-
cans who occupy that vast count! y? Not (lt all.
They are more hostile to us than*they were at first,
and more ready to take advantage of any opportu-
nity to do us injury. Can we hold these posses-
sions, t^en, without a large force? Not at all. It
must require several thousands of our best troops.
What, then, have we accomplished? We have
hardly approached the confines of populated Mex-
ico; we have but entered her ulterior provinces.
Mexico proper consists of that remarkable high
land, of which the city may be said to occupy the
centre; a vast region extending down to the Pacific,
and to the southern yde of the Gulf of California,
containing seven millions of population—a popula-
tion ten times as numerous that of the country
which we have captured. Here is the seat of her
wealth and of her power; of her strength in defence
m resistance to our arn~H. What description of
country is it? It is mountainous as any rceion in
the woild. Ft may well be compared with Mount
At!.is in Africa, and with the Caucasus in Europe.
These mountains are interspersed with enormous
defiles, rendering the approach of an army a work
of the utmost difficulty. This is the character of
the country we are about to conquer. How arc
we to ovcicome these difficulties? The plan is
first, as I understand it, to take VeraCruz. Now,
what is the description of country in that region?
The country about Vera Cruz, like the province
of Yucatan, is a hot and sickly region, the home
of the yellow fever for eight months m the year,
and,dining the months that it is exempt from this
scourge, it is subject to the most violent storms,
winch endanger navigation, and make it difficult
lor ships to Innd. Aptil is a very sickly month:
March not so sickly. We are now near the mid-
dle of ^ebrucuy. We may have force enough to
take Vera Cruz; but I appeal to Senators on all
sides, shall wc have force enough to march to the
city of Mexico > Sir, I will not say that wo hav^
nut, but I will say this, there is no certainty ih.it
we have. It is altogether a contingency." We
may not be able to reach the city of Mexico before
the sickly season commences, and, if wc do not,
all is lost for this campaign. Mexico will be en-
couraged, and we discouraged, before we can
remedy the disastrous effects of this result of our
ineffectual attempt to reach the city.
But suppose we do reach the city of Mexico, can
we dictatc ft peace? Whom have we to deal with?
A people— a racc above all others renowned in his-
tory for obstinate resistance when assailed—a peo-
ple who held out, when their independence was
I refused to ho recognised, for twenty years. These
| are the people we have to deal with; and is there
I any certainty that v/o can bring them to consent
j to propositions for peace, provided we get there?
' Well, if there is no certainty, but, on the contrary,
| there is every probability that another campaign
| will be inevitable, (and it must be so if either of
! these contingencies happen,) wc must then have a
j second campaign.
Now, a solemn question comes up: Can wc raise
j the means? And we must remember that it will
be necessarily a much more costly campaign than
the, first, at a great distance from a place where we
can procure supplies. The expense must be pro-
! portionably great, and this to be continued for a
great length of time; for, if we do not conquer
Mexico, if we do not conquer a peace, we must
then have a guerrilla warfare—such a war as exists
between Russia and the Caucasus. Well, sir, can
we have the means to meet this enoiruous expense?
In the first place, as to the men. let me tell you,
that the spirit of volunteering is gone; that spirit
ceases when men return with broken constitutions;
when men who went for glory return with disor-
dered health. You will get no more volunteers.
You must depend upon the ordinary course of re-
cruiting your army, and that must be sufficient to
give us twenty thousand men for the third cam-
paign, if it takes place.
Well, sir, suppose this difficulty surmounted,can
you provide the ways and means? I fear there
will be more difficulty in this than you imagine.
Remember, that you have only as a reliance your
; treasury notes and such money as you can borrow.
You must either borrow or impose taxes. What
taxes can you impose ? Your taxes upon imports
can give you hut a small supply; you must resort
to internal taxes, a measure which is abhorred by 1
the people of this country more perhaps than by '
those of any country upon the face of the earth.
But there is one circumstance which should lead
you to an avoidance of internal taxation, if it can 1
be avoided by any possibility, and it is, that many
of the States arc indebted more than they can pay.
If you lay an internal tax, it must be laid uniformly
throughout all the States; and if you layjit upon
those btates thus indebted, will riot repudiation ex-
tend? Will the people pay the tax? Will Penn-
sylvania, with a debt of forty millions—will those
States which are unable to discharge their obliga-
tions—will they bear such a tax ? No, sir.
But suppose this difficulty to he got over—sup-®
pose that you get all the means you want—is there
sufficient unanimity and zeal in the conduct of this
war to enable us to prosecute it successfully to the
termination which you desire? Does the experi-
ence ot this session furmsh evidence that such
would be the case? No, sir; there is too much
division of sentiment. Theie is too large a pro-
portion of the people of this country who believe
that the war was avoidable; who believe that it
might have been avoided, and that it ought to have
been avoided. There is too large a portion of the
people of this country who believe that it was com-
menced without constitutional authoiity. There
is too large a number who believe that the war was
not only unnecessary and inexpedient, but that its-
commencement was highly injurious to the inter-
ests as well as to the reputation of this country.
And these opinions are no doubt honestly enter-
tained.- What my opinion is in regard to this I
would willingly expiess, but I do not hold it prop-
er to intermingle opinions upon matters which are
not relevant to the main question under considera-
tion in reference to this important subject. It is
sufficient for me to say, that, if we may judge from
appearances, the dmsions of opinion which pre-
vail will render it highly impi obable that there will
be that zeal and unanimity in relation to this war
that is necessary m order to procure the mean* for
carryingit onto a successful termination in the
way that is proposed.
Hut there was a suit deeper, a still more terrific
difficulty to be met—a difficulty more vital than
those to which he had alluded—a difficulty arising
out ot a division of sentiment which went to the
very foundation of our Government. How should
these lands be acquired, if any were acquired?
To whose benefit should they enure? Should they
enure to the exclusive benefit of one portion of the
Union? We were told, and he was fearful that
appearances too well justified the assertion, that
all parties in tflfe non-slavehokhng portion of the
Union insisted that they should have the exclusive
j control of this acquired territory—that such pro-
j vision should be jnnde as should exclude those
! who were interested m the institutions of the South
from a participation in the advantages to be derived
| from the application of these institutions to the ter-
• ntory thus acquired.
Sir, (said Mr. C.,)ifthe non-slaveholding States,
; having no other interests in the question except
■ their avcision to slavery—if they can come to this
; conclusion with no interest in the matter but this,
J I turn and ask gentlemen, what must he the feeling
j of the population of the slaveboldmg States, who
j are to be deprived of their constitutional rights,
I and despoiled of the property belonging to them—
assailed in the most vulnerable point, for to them
this question was a question of safety, of self-pre-
; scrvation, and not a meie question of policy; and
i thus to be despoiled by those who were not con-
cerned? If there were sternness and determination
one side, they might be assured theie would be
on the other. If he might judge from what he had
heard, from the appearances proceeding from the
non-slaveholdmo; States—and he had no reason to
doubt it, they being the first to cry out for a vigor-
ous prosecution of the war—could they suppose
that less feeling would be exhibited on the part of
those who were to he entirely excluded from their
rights, and while this radical difference existed be-
, tween them ?
! But, (said Mr. C.,) I will admit that all this has
been surmounted; that men, money, and unanimity
can be had. The question theij^omcs up, can you,
if you do not get peace with Mexico in the city of
Mcxico, can you bring this war to a successful
conclusion by subduing the country? That is the
question. Is there any certainty—for I do not
make it a question of probability at oil—that you
can bring this war to a conclusion in that way?
Look at the history of such wars. There are two
analogous wars to which 1 have already alluded:
that of Russia in the Caucasus, and France in
Africa. Those are wars of a similar character.
