1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
The assailants are brave and well-disciplined
troops, yet the occupants of those mountainous
countries were defending themselves successfully
for years against such troops, the best perhaps in
Europe. Are we to encounter no difficulty of this
kind when contending against a people who arc
proverbial for resisting to the last? No, sir; there
is no certainty that the war will be brought to a
close, and if there is no certainty, where then will
you stand ? Where will you end with your mili-
tary operations ? You must have not only one or
two campaigns, but you must have four, five, six,
seven, eight, or nine campaigns. How many cam-
paigns has France had already in Africa
[A Senator: She has had sixteen.]
How many had Russia in the Caucasus? How
many had we ourselves in Florida in the war
against the Indian tribes, which lasted five years,
and in which we expended thirty millions of dol-
lars ? Well, suppose we do bring the war to a close
at the end of a third or fourth campaign, suppose
we do this, then there comes the great question,
after you have forced Mexico into a compliance
with your terms, what are you to do with what you
have thus gained? Can you incorporate Mexico into
your Union ? Can you bring her seven millions of
people—all differing from you in their religion, in
their habits, in their character, in their feelings—
can you biing them into connexion with your citi-
zens? Can you incorporate them into this Union,
and make them a part of the people of the United
States? No, sir, you cannot. Can you hold Mexi-
co as a province> No, sir; it would be fatal to at-
tempt it. The vast increase of Executive power
consequent upon such a movement renders it alto-
gether objectionable.
Now, 1 put emphatically this great question,
With all these views before you, with no certainty
that one or the other of these objects can be ob-
tained, is there any reason that can justify to your-
selves the carrying on of a war simply to get that
which you cannot hold? What will be the efFcct
of carrying on three, four, or five campaigns? The
effect will be this: you will have a debt of two or
three hundred millions of dollars; you will have
your expectations of enjoying the benefits of free
trade blown to the winds; you will have that great
measure frustrated for another generation; you will
have inflicted a blow upon your own interests from
which you may never recover; you will have sac-
rificed these enormous sums of money which these
campaigns will cost you, while all that you will
obtain by way of recompense would be most readily
and easily obtained by taking an opposite course.
Tf they should be so unfortunate as to fall into the
error now of prosecuting the war vigorously, with a
view of endeavoring to compel Mexico to submit,
instead of taking the defensive position which he
had indicated, he would say to gentlemen—and he
hoped that his warning would not be in vain—that
they were taking a step which they would hereaf-
ter rue; for, as sure as he was talking, the party
now m power would be held responsible by the
party coming in.
This was a subject of great magnitude. It de-
served attentive consideration. He might say
much more in relation to it, but he would forbear.
With the few observations which he had submit-
ted he would content himself at this time, merely
adding, in reference to the question before the
Senate, that he should be compelled, as the Senate
would perceive from the views which he had ex-
pressed, to vote against the amendment which had
been offered by the Senator from Michigan. As
to the other two propositions—the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia and the bill itself—he
would reserve the expression of his views in re-
gard to them, until he saw the further develop-
ments of the great question as to how the war was
to be conducted [For a full report of this speech,
see Appendix.]
Mr. CASS then rose, and, after complimenting
the Senator from South Carolina on the ability and
eloquence of his argument, said he desired to make
some reply; but as the day was far advanced, and
he desired some time for reflection, he hoped the
bili would be postponed.
The further consideration of the bill was then
informally postponed until to-morrow.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSION BILL.
On motion by Mr. SPEIGHT, the vote by
which the further consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the payment of revolutionary
and other pensions, had been postponed until to-
morrow, was reconsidered, and the consideration
of said bill was resumed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to amend
the bill by adding an additional section, as follows:
Sec. 2. Be it farther enacted, That, from and after the
passage of this act, the Secretary of War is hereby autho-
rized to make ^uch compensation to agents for paying pen-
sions, as may be just and reasonable, to be paid out of the
fund appropriated for the payment of revolutionary pen-
sions, but m no case to exceed two per centum on moneys
disbursed by them; the said compensation to be in full for
all their services, and any contingent expenses that may
an e in the discharge of their official duties—books, print-
ing, ami stationer}', excepted.
Mr. TTJRNEY moved to amend the bill, by
adding an additional section to provide for the
compensation of agents who had heretofore ren-
dered service, not to excced two per centum on
the amount of moneys disbursed by them, nor in
any one instance the sum of §500.
These amendments were briefly debated by Mr.
PEARCE, Mr. EVANS, Mr. HUNTINGTON,
Mr. SPEIGHT, Mr. SIMMONS,Mr. H. JOHN-
SON, Mr. ATCHISON, Mr. DREESE, and Mr. i
TtJRNEY." J
The amendment to the amendment was then re- |
jected. ;
Mi'. H. JOHNSON'S amendment was agreed
to, and the bill was reported to the Senate.
On the question of concurring in the amend-
ment, the vote stood—ayes 16, noes 11; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BADGER said, at this hour, and without a
quorum, it would be an appropriate time to ad-
journ. He moved an adjournment.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and, being taken, were,
yeas 22, nays 20.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 9, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the following mem-
bers as composing the select committee appointed
yesterday on the resolution to inquire into the cor-
rectness of the report of proceedings of the House
of Saturday last, as published in the Union news-
paper of the same evening: Mr. Douglass, Mr.
Trumbo, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Bayly, and Mr.
Wilmot.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order was the reference of the Senate bill
reported yesterday to the House by Mr. Morris,
from the Committee on Public Lands, to apply
certain alternate sections of the public domain
toward the completion of works of internal im-
provement in the State of Michigan, and for other
purposes, together with the amendments reported
to the same by said committee.
The question was put, and the bill and amend-
ments committed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, asked leave to offer a
resolution. Objected to.
Mr. SEDDON asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on the Judiciary. Objected
to.
Mr. COCFlE moved to suspend the rules for the
space of two hours, to enable the committees to
make reports.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion was not
in order, as the rules could not be suspended pend-
ing the special older.
Mr. PR.ESTON KING moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and pending this .motion—
Mr. DOUGLASS, who had entereathe Hall ad
interim, rose, he said, to a question of privilege.
He had, yesterday, introduced a resolution to ex-
pel the repoiters for the Union for what he con-
sidered as a false and .scandalous report of the
proceedings of the House on Saturday last, which
resolution" the House refused to lay on the table.
He had subsequently consented to modify the reso-
lution, expressly on the announcement of a gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Leake] that the regular
reporters of the Union had not been present in the
House on that day.
Mr. LEAKE here rose and stated that he had
intended to rise and explain. He had stated yes-
terday, not that he knew that the regular reporters
of the Union were not present, but that he had
just been so informed. He did not himself know
the fact. He had been so informed by one of the
reporters, whom he now saw in the desk appropri-
ated to the reporters for the Union. He had made
the statement on the assertion of a ybang man
whom he supposed to be a reporter, and he asked
of him an explanation.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that, in consequence of
the statement of the gentleman from Virginia, and
the assertions of other gentlemen around him, that
the regular reporters had not been in their seat,
and that his resolution included the innocent as
well as the guilty, he had modified his resolution.
He perceived in the Union of this morning a card
or note from the principal reporter of that paper,
in which that individual, though not present in the
House at all at that time, and who could not there-
fore, know what had taken place, assumed the re-
port in toto. He took itjipon him to pronounce
that the report was not false or libellous; and, in
speaking of what it stated, used the pronoun " I,"
as if he had done the business himself, and was
alone personally responsible. This person thus
declared that Mr. D. had falsely represented the
character of the report. Now, he asked, would
the House sustain a reporter, when persevering in
a course of injustice to an individual member?
The members of the House who were here on
Saturday had heard what took place, and knew all
that had been stated in the report, which this man
adopted as his own. On this question he wanted
a direct vote.
Mr. D. sent a resolution to the Clerk's table,
and demanded the previous question upon it.
Mr. BARRINGER wished Mr. Douglass to
yield him the floor for anexplanation; but he re-
fused to yield it, and insisted on the previous
question.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That " James A. Houston, reporter of
the Union," having published a card in that paper
of last evening, assuming the responsibility in toto
of the false and scandalous report of the proceed-
ings of this House on Saturday last, be, and he is
hereby, expelled from this House.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the note or
card of the reporter be read; and it was read.
Mr. LEAKE wished Mr. Douglass to yield
him the floor, but Mr. D. said he could not consent
to do so.
The question was then put on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, but the call was
not seconded by the House.
Mr. LEAKE said he had very little to say on
the merits of this matter; he wished only to Say a
word or two; but what he said would, he trusted,
convince the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
lass] that when he made the statement which he
had done yesterday, he did so under an erroneous
impression. The reporter had no claims on him,
nor had lie on the reporter. Mr. L. said he had
been present on Saturday, and his opinion was
that the report complained of was substantially
correct. He did not hesitate to say that when the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] made
his repeated efforts to foist in his explanation, there
were strong intimations of disgust and contempt.
He did not know that he had heard the exclama-
tion " bah!" but he had heard expressions still
more objectionable.
Members must all remember a report in the In-
telligencer of a scene veiy similar, and which was
strictly correct—correct to the letter; and which
was nevertheless more derogatory to the dignity of
the House than the recent report in the Union.
It was said, in the statement of the reporter, that
the editor of the Union never saw the report till
he read it in the paper. Many gentlemen here
present would tell the gentleman from Illinois that
the report was in the main a correct one; and yet
they were called on in this hasty manner to expel
the reporter of the Union.
Mr. DOUGLASS, resuming, said that, suppos-
ing that none would say that the statement m the
renort was correct, having been himself personally
present, and finding, on farther inquiry, that there
existed a difference of opinion m relation to the
adoration of the resolution he had before offered,
he had been desirous of a vote upon it by yeas
and nays from all who saw and heard what passed;
and it was because he had desired that that he had
offered the present resolution.
Mr. LEAKE, resuming, asked what had been
the resolution presented to the House yesterday ?
It proposed a committee, not to inquire into the
