360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
authorship of the report; they were not to ask
who had been the reporter, but as to the truth of
the report itself. How did the gentleman vary
the question by the resolution he had now offered ?
"Was the House prepared thus to take a snap-
judgment, without one jot of evidence, and to vote
the expulsion of a reporter on mere ex pwle state-
_roent? Mr. L. had heard exclamations quite as
objectionable as any in the report, and even more
so. In thus varying the issue before the House,
did the gentleman think he should secure the sub-
stantial ends of justice?
Mr. DOUGLASS denied that he had varied the
issue one iota?. The resolution he had offered yes-
terday did propose that the committee shook! in-
quire who was the author of the report, into the
facts of the whole case, and what members of the
House had had any part in the disorderly proceed-
ings of Saturday last. But an individual hud now
itvowed the responsibility of the authorship, and
took it all on himself. Under this change of cir-
cumstances, he wished that those who were pres-
ent on Saturday, and who heard and saw what
was said and done on that occasion, would vote
directly on the resolution.
Mr. LEAKE said a number of gentlemen would
be called on to vote who had not been here on Sat-
urday, and who had not heard and seen what was
said and done. They could not vote on their own
knowledge; they must, therefore, rely on testimo-
ny; and admitting the testimony of the gentleman
from Illinois to be ever so good, as far ru it went,
the gentleman was not in a condition to satisfy all
of these gentlemen, because it was difficult for
members 111 their seats to hear all tluit passed, in-
tervening members prevented their seeing or hear-
ing much that took place at a distance; hut the re-
porter, occupying an elevated seat, and placed in
or near the focus of sound, could both see and
hear what no individual member could. The in-
vestigation voted for yesterday would bring out
the facts; and if it should then appear that, the ie-
poit was correct, the gentleman himself would
vote against «uch an expulsion as he now pro-
posed. If the report was a true one, that was all
that the gentleman could ask.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that, on the point made
by the gentleman as to a reporter's seeing and
hearing what members on the floor Cculd not, he
wished to say a word. Supposing he should be
standing at his seat addressing the House, and
several mcmbcis in a distant corner of the House,
but near to the reporter's seat, should make Home
coarse lemark on what he :said, or on his person
or manner, lie denied that a reporter, bccausc, fiom
his local position, he had an opportunity to hear
remarks thus made aside, and in the confidence of
conversation, had any right to insert those re-
marks m his report of the debate of the day.
Such remarks mi^ht not have been heard by the
House, nor have been intended to be so heard,
and ought not to be given in an account of its pro-
ceedings. (This had been done m the report of
Mr. D/s speech of yesterday.) "What happened
in this familiar conversation, not heaid, perhaps,
by one-tenth of the members present, if icpoifed
as openly made on the floor, so as to be heaid by
all, would convey a false impression to the world.
Mr. LEAKE asked if the gentleman had never
read the British reports of debates in Parliament;
and did he not there observe the frequent interjec-
tion of the word " hear!" and "oh ! oh!" m those
reports; and did the gentleman not understand
that these interpolations were intended to show the
general spirit of the House, and the manner in
which a speech was received? They were con-
stantly given by the leporlers, and who comnlain-
edofit? He called the gentleman's attention to
the reports given in the columns of the New York
Heiald, sometimes so very accurate, and at others,
he admitted, complete caricatures. He would
find there the same thing.
The gentleman was wholly mistaken if he sup-
posed that the exclamations reported to have taken
place on Saturday were made m private conversation
among groups of members. They were openly
made, in loud tones, intended to be expressive of
disapprobation. They were loud exclamations,
intended to reach the ear of the member from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wevtwortii.] Every consideration of
the subject went to show the propriety of investi-
gation by a committee. If such a hasty proceed-
ing as the summary expulsion now proposed should
be sanctioned by the House, they would furnish an
opportunity for any member cherishing feelings of
hostility to an editor to indulge them in this form
before any opportunity of explanation could be
had.
Mr. DOUGLASS asked if the gentleman from
Virginia meant to say that Mr. D. was actuated in
this movement by any such feeling?
Mr. LEAKE said", by no means. He verily
believed, on the contrary, that the gentleman was
actuated by what he believed himself to be a sim-
ple regard to justice; but he must be excused for
saying that he believed that in the present case
prejudice'had somewhat got the better of that gen-
tleman's uniformly good judgment. "Keep cool,"
was a good adage, as well between individuals as
sometimes between nations.
Mr. L. said that, since he last spoke, he had re-
ceived a leply to his note addressed to the reporter,
in which he stated that he had not been present,
but that he adopted the report.
Mr. BARRINGER here rose to make a remark
which, he said, was due both to himself and to
others. He had not been in the House when the
debate took place yesterday on the report in the
Union. But he perceived that his friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. G. Davis] had referred to a report in
the Union to which Mr. B. had taken some ex-
ception on a former occasion. The gentleman had
represented him as having been very grossly in-
sulted by that report. It was tiue that Mr. B.
had objected to the report in question, but he had
not deemed it necessary to trouble the House with
any complaints about the matter. He had had an
interview with the editor of the Union, who said
that he regretted such a report had been made, and
had offered a proper and satisfactory apology for
the occurrence. The reporter had also done the
same thing. Mr. B. thought it necessary to make
this statement, as well m justice to the editor and
reporter of the Union as to himself, lest it might
be supposed that he had received a public insult,
and had left it unredressed.
Mr. REID moved the previous question, and it
was seconded, put, and carried.
And the main question being on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr. BOYD demanded the yeas and nays.
The resolution having been again read—
Mr. WiNTHROP inquired whether it was not
a principle of the common law which suspended
even the ordinary forms of parliamentary proceed-
ing, and secuted to any man about to be punished
for an alleged offence the right of being first heard
by himself or his counsel ?
The CHAIR replied that such had not been the
practice of the House.
Mr. KAUFMAN raised the question of order,
whether, as the House had referted this whole
subject to a committee, it was in order to adopt a
resolution thus superseding its action, and virtu-
ally taking it out of the hands of the committee ?
The CHAIR, said it was now too late to urge
the question of order. The previous question had
been ordeied.
Messrs. MORSE, HOLMES, and GBflN-
NELL, severally asked to be excused from voting,
but their requests were refused.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative, as follows:
YUAS —Messrs. Buffin?ton,Cian^ton,Donclav5,Girfrtinep,
Eha-t B. Holme*. Pieston Kin<r, Pendleton, ftathb'un, Ruuk,
Robert Smith, unci Stephens-—11.
NAVS—Messrs. Stephen Adam?, Arnold, Ashnum, Bar-
ringer, Bell, Benton, James Black. James A. Black,
Rhuiehard, Bowdon, JBo'vd, IJrorthead, William G Brown,
Burt, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, CAthc.irt,
John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cha«e, Chipman,
Claike,Cobb, Cocke. Collin. Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Cun-
ningham, Darnel. Daira^h, De Mott, Divon, Dobbin, Droiri-
sroo!^, Dunlap, Ed<all, John H. Ening, Edwin H. Ru'mg,
I-Vklm, Foster, Gaivin, Gentry, Giles, Graham, Grovei,
Hale, Ilaitntmson, Henley, Hilhard, I. E. Holmes, Hough,
Tlookms, Geoii^e P. Houston, Edmund W. Hubaid, James
B Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Inderal), Joseph R. Ingersoll,
Jenkins, Joseph johnson. George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kaufman, Kennedy, Dnmcl Km?, Thomas Butler King,
T,coke, Lei b, Levin,Lewi«, T,imm,Lo 2;, Lumpkin, Maclny,
MeClean, McClelland. MeClernand, MeDamel, James Mc-
Dowell, McGausliev, McIIenry, McKay, MoseJey, Moulton,
Newton, Niven, Noiris. Parnsh, Peinll, Peny, Phelps,
Pill^bmy, Pollock, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Bitter. Robert*, Root,
Sawtelle, Seammon, Schenek. Seaman, Severance, Alex-
ander 0 Sims Leonaid II. Sims, Albeit Smith, Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather. Stewart,
Strolnn. Strong, Syke<?, Thoma*«on, Benjamin Thompson.
James Thompson^ Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Toomb.s,
Town*, Tredway, Wick, Williams, Winthrop, Woodwaid,
Woodworth, Youn?, and Yost—138.
So the resolution was rejected.
The question having been then taken on the
motion of Mr. P. King, and decided in the affirm-
ative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. JNorris in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to appropriate three millions of dollars to
enable the President to enter upon negotiations for
the restoration of peace with Mexico.
Mr. COBB was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: Time will not permit me to dis-
cuss all the issues connected with the Mexican
war. Into its origin I shall not at this time stop
to inquire. Its prosecution I have heretofore ad-
vocated, and I shall continue to do so, by voting
all the supplies of men and money whicn, in my
judgment, are necessary successfully to continue
and terminate it.
It has been said by some, sir, who have engaged
in this debate, that the origin of this war was con-
quest. I deny it. I deny it upon the authority
of the solemn declaration of this Congress, in the
act of the 13th of May last, in which they declared
by an overwhelming majority, that this war origi-
nated by the act of Mexico. That the result of
this war will be a conquest of territory on the part
of the United States, from the Mexican Govern-
ment, I have believed, and still believe. Any one
who will reflect upon the impoverished condi-
tion of the Mexican Government, and compare it
with the demands, the just demands, of the Uni-
ted States (who are not prepared to yield these de-
mands without a sufficient indemnity) against that
Government, must bring his mind to the conclu-
sion, that territory must be acquired by us before
an honorable peace can be attained.
The effect of this acquisition of territory, the
disposition which is to be made of it, constitute
the issue which I have risen to discuss. It is not
presented to the consideration of the House, it is
true, by the amendment now pending before the
committee. But an amendment has been indicated,
with which the House is familiar, by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,] which
brings up this question m all its bearings, and re-
quires that it should be considered and determined
upon by the House. ^ !
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wil-
mot,] at the last session of Congress, offered an
amendment to a bill similar in its character to the
one now under discussion, providing that all the
territory hereafter acquired by the United States,
shall be what gentlemen are pleased to term
"free territory," in other words, that the insti-
tution of slavery shall not be permitted to exist
in any such territory. The gentleman has indi-
cated to us his intention to offer his amendment
again. And we cannot doubt, Mr. Chairman,
from the many evidences which have been offered
us during this session of Congress, from the feel-
ing which has been exhibited in reference to this
matter, that that amendment will be urged upon
us," and we shall be required ultimately to vote
and pass upon it. Owing to the fact that this
amendment claimed at the last session of Congress,
so far as the record of our proceedings is concerned,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot]
for its author, I returned to his remarks on yester-
day with considerable interest- This House and
the country have a right to suppose that if this
amendment commended itself to the favorable con-
sideration of the country, if it was sustained by
reason and justice, ois could be sustained by sound
argument, the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
the proper person to whom we should direct our
attention, for the purpose of being informed upon
this subject.
The gentleman's argument is within the recol-
lection of the House, and before I proceed to re-
maik upon it, I may be permitted to ask every
gentleman within the hearing of my voice who
listened to that argument, the question, and that he
will reply to it, whether the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania urged a single reason, or showed before
the country a single argument, in favor of this
amendment.
I shad refer to what the gentleman has said, so
far as my recollection will serve me, and shall en-
deavor to convince him and this House, that the very
reveise of every proposition which he assumed, is
true, and can be sustained by arguments and facts.
The gentleman informed us that he planted himself
upon "the right." The North occupied the right,
(was his expression,) and the South the wrong, in
