364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
General Government can stretch its hands directly into the
pockets of the people, scattered over so vast a country.
They can only do it through the medium of exports,imports,
and excises. For what then are all the sacrifices to be made?
He would sooner submit himself to a tax for paying for ail
the negroes in the United States, than saddle posterity with
such a constitution."
But Mr. R. was not disposed to find fault with
the compromises of the Constitution. He would
not disturb them in the slightest degree. But when
called upon by the South to extend them further,
and over territory now free; when called upon to
increase the representation of that property upon
this floor, he should, so far as his voice and action
were concerned, never assent to it.
He had been amused, and he was always
amused, when he saw gentlemen get up on this
floor, no matter from what quarter of the Union
they came, and get a little excited, and tell them
about dissolving the Union, if they did not do this
thing1 or that, as they desiied. Why, a few years
ago—perhaps eight years ago—a gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Rijett,] when an abolition
petition was presented, took up his hat'and walked
out of this Hall; and he believed all, or nearly all,
of the southern gentlemen followed him; and they
held a consultation, and when they found they
could do nothing, they came back very quietly,
and concluded they would not dissolve the Union
yet. That was the presentation of an abolition
petition that never hurt anybody, and never would.
Mr. R. also referred to the threats of the disso-
lution of the Union, which he said were made by
southern men no longer them three years ago,
when the " 21st rule" was abolished.
Mr. RHETT (interposing) said, he thought the
gentleman must be mistaken, when he stated that
southern men had said they would dissolve the
Union, if the 21st rule was abolished. He had
never heard such a declaration. He had heard
gentlemen say that the agitation of slavery on this
floor would have that effect, and that the abolition
of that rule would tend to the agitation of slavery.
But they did not say that the abolition of this rule
would be the cause of dissolution.
Mr. RATHBUN. I cannot yield the floor
longer. The gentleman's memory is perhaps bet-
ter than mine.
Mr. RHETT. Will the gentleman point to one
person who made such a statement?
Mr. RATHBUN. I would not say that the
gentleman himself did, m so many words; but 1
am much mistaken if he has not, a great many
times, made the declaiation in substance.
Mr. RHKTT denied that this was the case, and
offered to furnish the gentleman his speeches, that
he might point out anything of that kind that he
could find m them.
Mr. RATHBUN declined further to enter into
this controversy, and proceeded.
This subject (he said) had been agitated here,
and they had heard these threats, over and over
again, since he had been here; they had been con-
tinued since this Capitol was erected, and they
began m the Convention which framed the Consti-
tution. The cry then was, that, if you won't per-
mit <mr pioperty, our slaves, to be represented, we
will form no compact, no confederacy; and fiom
that day down to this, upon almost every subjcct,
great and small, this threat had been echoed and
reechoed from every part of the South. But gen-
tlemen had no idea of dissolving the Union; and
there need be no alarm felt on that subject.
What was the fact now? Why, we were en-
gaged in a war with Mexico; and wc intend to take
for indemnity—and he thought we ought to take—-
a part of Mexico, which she could not use, and
which we ou^ht to have. And the cry is again
lctised, if you will not only permit but aid us to
carry our slaves into that territory, and allow them
to be represented in the Congress of the United
States, we will dissolve this Union. Well, sir, is
it not a pretty apology for the dissolution of this
Union, that the North would not agree to extend
the institution of slavery, by the direct action of
this Government, over free territory! And not
only that; but it is said, to refuse it is a violation
of the Constitution. Well, if these gentlemen
should go up to his part of the country, and make
this declaration among the schoolboys, instead of
beingalarmed at it, as his colleague [Mr. Strong]
seemed to be, they would laugh at the idea. They
knew enough about the Constitution to know that
it did not require this Government to go abroad
and conquer and convert territory now free into
slave territory. They could not find it in the Con-
stitution.
But did they believe that any member in this
House who made these threats, even for a single
moment entertained the idea of such a thing, or
desired it? Did they not rather, while they put
upon their countenances and manner these indi-
cations of passion and anger, laugh within at the
idea that they might touch the nerves of some
timid northern man, and find a response in his
poor, chilly, empty bosom, and convert him from
a Representative of free, intelligent, independent
people, whose views are known and felt upon this
subject, into a supporter of such a proposition,
under the pretence that if he did not do it, it would
endanger the peace and harmony of the Union ?
But, what right had the South to complain of
them on this ground? They declared upon this
floor that they would have the territory.
He would read the following extract from Mr.
Sims's speech:
tC Mr. Burt here interposed, (Mi. S. yielding,) and desired
I to ask his colleague whether lie had expiessed the opinion
I that the country conquered from Mexico south of 36° 30'
1 would be occupied with the slave institutions, m conse-
| quence of the state of public opinion in the northern, west-
ern, or middle States ? Or whether it was in consequence
of the known determination of the southern people that
j their institutions shall be earned into that country if it be
I acquired?
j (k Mi. Sims, (in reply.) It is founded on the known de-
' termination of the southern people that their institution shall
j be earr.ed tlieie; it is founded on the laws of God, written
| on the climate and soil of the countiy; nothing^>utslave )a-
! boroan cultivate profitably that region ot country. I have
j no idea that the North or the West will resist to the death.
| This Union will never bf; dissolved on that question."
: They would have it. Yes they would have it,
! and yet, when that word of mandate and determi-
! nation was uttered, they had northern men upon
i this floor, who said, oh, yes, we must yield; if we
• do not, why, we are embarrassing the Administra-
j tion in the prosecution of the war, it would hurt
i the Democratic party, and dissolve the Union !
But what had this country done for thfe South?
He asked southern gentlemen, before they threat-
ened us with dissolution, to wait a little. Let them
examine accounts, and see how they stood. What
had northern blood and northern treasure done for
the South ? He referred to the purchase of Louis-
iana at an expense of fifteen millions of dollars in
money, and five millions of claims upon the
French Government released by ours, the property
| of northern men, out of which three slave States
j had been admitted into the Union; and to the pur-
j chase of Florida, at an expense of five millions:
j both of which sums had come from the pockets of
J the North as well as the South. And where did
[ our revenue come from? Where were the tax-
: payers, those who contribute the money upon
j which this Government subsists? Why, of this
i twenty-five millions of dollars, two-thirds at least,
and perhaps three-fourths, was drawn from the
pockets of the northern laborer to pay for these
four slave States, whose Representatives were co-
operating against the North upon this question.
What more t Why, we had expelled the original
owners from the territory of Florida, at an ex-
pense of at least fifty millions uf dollars, and the
sacrifice of hundreds of northern men for the pur-
pose of giving it all up to the South, and their
slaves. We had also acquired Texas, with the
privilege of making five States out of this terri-
tory. That was also surrendered to the South.
We had expended a reasonable amount of money
already to secure that territory. We are to ex-
pend more. It was not too much to say, that be-
fore we got thiough the question of boundary, it
would have cost us at least one hundred millions
of dollars: all this was drawn as well from the
pockets of the northern laborer as the southern
slaveholder.
We had purchased for the South, already, the
four slave States of Louisiana, Florida, Arkansas,
and IVJ issoun, and the right to make five slave States
outofTexas—making nine slave States, which had
been purchased by large amounts of blood and
treasure, which had been paid in her full propor-
tion by the North. In addition, he referred to the
fact that Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, and
Alabama, that were also governed with slavery,
had been admitted into the Union since the forma-
tion of the Constitution by the original thirteen
States. But he could not enlarge on this point.
He had one objection to this extension of slavery
over Mexico, which had not been dwelt upon in
this debate; and that was, that we now had upon
this floor, under the Constitution, the representa-
tion of slaves in the proportion of three-fifths of
their numbers. And if they were all taken to-
gether and put in a separate territory, we would
have on this floor twenty-three members that would
not represent <x free man: a vote that had turned
the scale upon every important question that had
divided this country for the last forty years. Now,
while he was willing that all this should be as it
is, he would never consent to the extension of sla-
very.
But there was another objection. While we
found that there were ninety-five votes, he believed,
from the southern States upon this floor, if any
gentleman would examine the Journals of this
House and of the Senate, he could not find a soli-
tary instance of any single southern man voting
adverse to the interests of the South upon this
cjuestion of slavery—not one. And they were told,
in the most emphatic language, by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] and with the
confidence which pastexperience gives, that "there
are no traitors in the South" upon this subject.
History had told us the fact; the Journals of this
House had read us the lesson for the last fifty-
seven years; and it did not need the taunt to be
thrown out upon this question to confirm our be-
lief in the fact. But upon this question, which
divides the North and South, and which ought to
divide them, according to the strict boundaries of
slavery, the North could not say, as the gentleman
from South Carolina said of the South, that we
j' have no traitors. We have them now; we have
|j always had them; and it is useless to deny the fact,
j; Jn the Convention which framed the Constitu-
tion, the great object of the South was, what it is
i; now, to secure the ascendency in the Government.
I; That was the great end and aim then. It was the
" great object of their ambition now. And permit
.j him to say, without that object they would care
,j no more for the existence of slavery than they of
\ the North do. He had an extract from the Char-
j| leston Courier, in which it was proclaimed that
:i "Every battle fought in Mexico, and every dollar spent
there, but insures the acquisition of terutoiy which must
widen the fi^ld of southern enterprise and power in the
future. And the final result wiJl be to readjust the whole
balance of power in the Confederacy &o as lo give us control
over the operations of the. Gonpinmcnt in nil time to come.
It the South b-1 but true to themselves, the day of our de-
pression and suffering is gone, and goncjorever."
And he said to the North, if they yielded upon
this question now, no matter whether it were un-
der threats or otherwise, the power of the majority
of this nation, of two-thirds of the freemen of the
! country, is gone, and gone forever. The power of
. the Senate was the Government of this Union. It
controls and regulates treaties, appointments to
office, as well as the legislation of the country. It
had rejected men who had given opinions, as judi-
!' cial ofricers, that State laws regulating the mode of
'j trying the tact of whether a man was a slave or
11 free, was constitutional. It marks and rejects such
!j men, although they may stand first in this nation
in their qualifications for the bench.
But they were told that they had no right to in-
terfere with this question. This Wilmot proviso,
as it was called, was a proviso drawn by Thomas
Jefferson himself; and was one of the provisions
of the ordinance of 1787 for the regulation of the
Northwest Territory.
Mr. BAYLY, (interposing.) I expressly deny
that fact.
Mr. R. The gentleman then denies what is a
i [fact, it" I do not misunderstand the subject.
Mr. B. That ordinance was written by Mr.
,[ Dana, of Massachusetts.
,j Mr. R. It was first written by Mr. Jefferson,
■: and was rewritten by Mr. Dana.
I [ Mr. RATHBUN proceeded to call attention to
[I the fact, that among the votes for the establishment
:j of that ordinance, was embraced, almost without
,| exception, the entire southern vote in Congress.
■ | Now this Government had expelled slavery from
S the northwestern States. It had undertaken—and
i: gentleman from the South told them it had the
! right to do it—to establish limits beyond which
; slavery should not progress northwest of Missouri.
| Mr. Madison himself said this Government pos-
| sessed the power to regulate the question of slavery
[ in the territories; and that in the territories ceded
by Georgia, in 1790, this Congress had the power
to determine whether slavery should exist or not.
He read from the debates of the convention, as
follows:
