1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3§5
"Mr. Madison adverted to the western country, and the
cession ot Georgia, in which Congress have ceitainly the
power to regulate the subject of slavery; which shows that
gentlemen aie mistaken in bupposmg that Congress cannot
constitutionally interfere in the business m any degree what-
ever. He was in favor of committing the petition, and jus-
tified the measure, by repeated precedents in the pioceed-
ings of the House."
^He now came to the " Missouri compromise,"
to which gentlemen asked them to adhere. How
•was it carried? By thirteen votes. (He hoped
the number would not be enlarged now.) By
thirteen northern votes abandoning their constitu-
ents, and failing to do what they were bound in
conscience and honor, and upon their responsibili-
ties as Representatives, to do. They were bound
to vote against that compromise, u was the be-
trayal of the North, by men seeking and expect-
ing favor from the South, and from a southern
Administration; as some of the gentlemen who
desert now were seeking and expecting favors
from the southern Administration now in power.
Now he was not about to attempt to castigate his
colleague, [Mr. Strong,] who spoke yesterday.
He spoke with fear and trembling; but his speech,
of a whole hour, contained not one single new or
original idea. It was picked up from impertinent
flings, and scraps, and fragments, that have been
bandied about in the papers for two years past.
I leave him, where he ought to be left, to answer
an outraged and betrayed constituency, that will
settle the account with him when he goes home.
And I apprehend he will be found heie, from the
Empire State, solitary and alone, against this
amendment. He should not attempt to follow him
in his flings about this attempt to make Presidents
upon this question. A man who would so far for-
get his duty to his constituents, his duty to his
country, and his duty to his God, upon this ques-
tion, upon considerations such as these, must be
a poor, miserable, degraded being, and fit only to
be a slave.
Whatever might be the result here, whatever
might be the vote upon this question now, he told
gentlemen the whirlwind which is now pervading
the North before the coming year expires, and the
next Congress assembles, will arise and grow in
its strength and power, until it becomes a mighty
tornado, that will sweep down every man that dares
oppose himself to its strong and resistless force.
Yes, there are some now who, when they think
the breeze is gentle, keep out and say, I am afraid
" the Democratic party will be injured!" I am
afraid of the dissolution of the Union. But he told
them, when that thunder which was manufacturing
among the freemen of the North on account of the
desertion of her Representatives here—when that
thunder which will be little inferior to the thunder
of the Almighty,-comes down upon this House at
the next session of Congress, it will come with re-
sistless power, and no man will dare then pretend
that he is endeavoring to save the Union or the
Democratic party by betraying the interests, the
rights, and liberties, of his own people. Why,
what is the position of gentlemen who are afraid
to stand up upon this question and tell the South
and the country what the North demand, and what
they have a right to demand ? Sir, in plain Eng-
lish, it is to sell us out—to surrender us, bound
hand and foot, into the hands of the minority. Is
that Democracy-3 He begged gentlemen to pardon
him; he could see none in it.
But there was one single fact, to which he wished
to call the attention of the committee, not imme-
diately, but remotely, connected with this ques-
tion. In the message of the Governor of Virginia,
he found set forth, with great cam and no small
ability, a plain, simple proposition to drive out the 1
forty-nine thousand free blacks in that State into
the territory of the free States. Why, sir, what
would southern men say to us, if we dared—we
dare do anything,—but if we dared, in defiance of 1
our duty and responsibility to God and man, to
make such monstrous propositions? Could we
hear them talk about dissolving the Union ? Sir,
they would proclaim, the moment the van of that
forty-nine thousand reached their territory, that
moment the Union is dissolved. And well they
might. What do we say? That there is no ter-
ritory in the free States belonging to them; that
there is no place for them. As far as New York
is concerned, should the refuse part of the popu-
lation of Virginia reach our territory, we will carry
them hack to Virginia. We will not hurt the
negroes—they are not to blame; but we will
cany them back to Virginia, and put them down
upon her soil; and wo be to the man or men that
undertakes to resist that act of justice.
i But they arc told that in supporting this amend-
ment they were unjust; that they wanted to ex-
clude the South from that territory. Why, no;
the South would have as good a right there as the
North. But you will not allow us to carry our
property there, the South said. We will, (said
Mr. R.;) carry all you have got; but when you get
there, it must stand in the same position exactly
as the property of the North. You must be gov-
erned by tne same law.
But Mr. R. contended that the South did not
desire to go to Mexico with their " property'" just
because it was "property." They were told that
the Supreme Court had decided that the States
had the right to exclude slaves from other States,
because they were persons as well as property.
We object to their remaining slaves there. Why?
Not because they aie property, but because they
are persons; because they arc a constituency upon
which representation is based here. Now, as so
much was said about compromise and conces-
sion, he would submit a proposition to southern
gentlemen, to settle all this difficulty. Will you
agree to amend the Constitution of the United
States so as to exclude the representation of slaves
from any territory that may be added to this Union
hereafter, if the North would agree that they might
go into such territory and take their slaves with
them? No, sir; they would not agree to this pro-
position; they arc in pursuit of power; they will
insist upon the representation of this property.
He would not consent to it. He came here to pro-
test against the North being sacnficed, surrender-
ed, betrayed, given over to the tender mercies of
those who had governed them too long already.
Why, look at the list of the Presidents of this na-
tion: out of fifty-seven years, all but twelve years
I and one single month had been filled by Presi-
1 dents from the South. For forty years out of
| fifty-seven, had the South had a Secretary of State,
i For forty years about, he believed exactly, had
j they had the Speaker of this House; and the pres-
! ent Speakei was the only one since 1827 that had
i not been a southern man. Look at your army,
| your navy, the officers of the departments, at ev-
ery thing connected with the administration of the
j Government; where are they ? All in the hands of
* those who know how to control and govern. It
was produced by the institution of slavery. It
, was because the whole southern portion of the
I Union was bound together by a cord so strong
! that no power ever yet had broken it; because it
l is a universal sympathy and interest, reaching
J from one extreme of the South to the other, and
J bringing together all who represent southern in-
i terests. Sir, if the wisest man that ever lived had
| undertaken tn form a scheme«for political power,
] no better could have been found in the world—a
' perfect combination at al! times on every question
■ affecting slavery; while the North were divided,
, and, step by step, had been surrendering, surren-
: dering, surrendering; and the question had now
| come, should they surrender the last point, and
, forever?
' The remark of the honorable member from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Leake] about scurvy politicians is of
' such a character as to render it undeserving of an
i answer. He would not allow himself to attempt an
1 answer He might indulge in expressions stronger
j than lie ought on this floor.
! One gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J.
j Ingersoll] had told the House thai the VVilmot
| proviso did not rise to the dignity of a principle; it
i was only a sentiment; that it was not an Ameri-
j can " sentiment," but was brought heie from a
j foreign country. He would have been glad to
! have propounded this question to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Incersoll.,] if he
1 was present: Whence does this sentiment come ?
; He would be glad to know of him whether it came
; from France ? And if from France, at about what
| time? But inasmuch as the gentleman was not j;
■ present, he could not have the benefit of his his- h
torical knowledge. y
j He could answer the gentleman from Pennsyl- ij
j vania, that this sentiment is to be found stronger ;
; in the debates in the Convention which framed the
! Constitution from the members from Pennsylva
! ma, than from any other members of that body du-
! ring that entire debate. The speech of Mr. Morns j!
i was a specimen of honest Pennsylvania feeling. !l
It is a rebuke to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
as he, in Mr. R.'s judgment, deserved on this oc-
casion.
Now, one word in relation to those meetings
which his colleague [Mr. Strong] talked about.
He told the House that they were holding meet-
ings all over New York, and were going to rebuke
the Representatives on this floor who had foisted
this question improperly upon the House. He
regretted that his colleague was not in his seat,
that he could inquire where he found the evidences
of these meeyngs to be held, and where they were
to be held ? When we might expect to hear from
them ? Why, sir, a meeting was held at Rochester,
at which the resolutions were passed which were
read here the other day, after a hundred delegates
had returned home. It was then that a member
of the convention, who was permitted to go by the
resignation of another delegate, introduced resolu-
tions stating that it was not the time to bring up
this question; that it was a little too early; and
they were thus passed. The people are moving
m mass m that same county, and to-day he had-
seen a paper with several hundred names calling
a meeting to put themselves right, and wipe out
the stain and libel fixed upon them by the resolu-
tions of the lemnant of tins meeting.
But one fact he would state in conclusion : The
man who moved these resolutions,as he had under-
stood, seeks an office in the army for a son, and
one under the Post Office Department for himself.
Now he wanted to say, that many of these mem-
bers who desert their constituents here, were prob-
ably in precisely the same predicament. It would
be improper for him to say that all were. They
all recollected what the Connecticut deacon said
about Democrats and horse-thieves: he would not
say that all Democrats were horse-thieves, but he
was pretty sure that all horse-thieves were Demo-
crats ! Now Mr. R. did not say that all northern
men engaged in attempting to avoid, turn off, and
delay this question, were in pursuit of spoils; but
he did say, that all those who were in pursuit of
spoils would be very likely to do so!
There was one further fact which he wished to
be borne in mind, and then he had done. He called
the attention of the House—and he hoped the coun-
try would bear it in mind and look to the same fact
—to see hoio many of the men who were intending
to desert the North now, would hereafter be found,
not only applicants for, but recipients of, public
favor from this Administration, or some other of
the same kind !
[The speech of Mr. R. as prepared by himself,
will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. R. having been cut off by the hour rule—
Mr. STEWART moved to amend the bill by
adding after the word "Mexico," where it last
occurs, the words "and the United States,'1 so that
it would read, "when duly ratified by Mexico and
the United States;" his object being (he said) to
avoid any risk of losing the money, as might be
the case if the United States should refuse to ratify
any treaty that had been previously ratified by
Mexico.
Mr. KAUFMAN then obtained the floor, and
the comm^tee rose and reported.
In the House, a message from the Senate having
been leceived, inviting a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes on the army bill,
Mr. BOYD moved the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference accordingly.
Mr. DROMGOOLE had no objections to the
conference, but doubted whether the proceeding
was strictly in order. He remembered no prece-
dent for it.
Mr. EWING, of Pennsylvania, earnestly op
posed the appointment of such a committee. The
House had concurred m the report of one commit-
tee of conference on this bill, and the Senate re-
fusing to concur in the same report, the bill was
dead. The two Houses failed m agreeing to pass
it. It wox now proposed to bring the bill to life
again, by appointing a new committee. Such a
proceeding was wholly irregular, and without
precedent. If the Senate had reconsidered its vote
disagreeing to the report of the joint committee,
and "sent the bill back to the same committee to re-
port further, it would have been in order; but this
was altogether out of order.
The CHAIR overruled the objection, and the
committee was ordered.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported a bill to admit the Territory
