866;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
of Wisconsin into the Union as a State; read and
committed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to which was referred the bill
from the Senate for the relief of Elijah White and
others, reported the same without amendment.
The bill was committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for the
better organization of the department of Indian Af-
fairs," and an act entitled "An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontiers," approved June 30,
1834, and for other purposes; read and committed.
On motion by Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, by
Resolved, That the Secretary of State commu-
nicate to this House any letters or communications
received at the Department of State on the present
state of productions, trade, and commerce of the
Oriental nations, with which the United Slates
have not made treaties, so far as the same can be
done without injury to the public interest.
On motion of Mr. WINTHROP, it was
Ordered, That the usual extra number of copies-
of the Report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
Commerce and Navigation be printed.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT, notice having
been heretofore given, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill granting a bounty in land to such
soldiers of the old fourth regiment of United States
infantry as served during any part of the last war
with Great Britain; referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. II. £>«vc notice that he would ask leave, at
a future day, to introduce a bill "for the relief of
Ireland."
Mr. COLLAMER, by leave, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Vermont on the subject
of the war with Mexico, and asking that the war
may be speedily terminated; referred to theCom-
msttee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH, from the Committee
on Foreign Allans, to which was*referred the bill
to provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the 33st day of July,
1801, leported the same without amendment; re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, by leave, presented the
memorial of J. Travis Rosser, collector of the cus-
toms at Petersburg, Virginia, praying an increase
of compensation; referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FICKLIN, by leave, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Illinois, asking the passage of
a law, at the present session of Congiess, making
applanations for the improvement of the Missis-
sippi river and lake harbors; referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of the same
Slate, asking the passage of a law to rcduce the
price of the public lands, or to cede the same to
the States.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of the same
Slate, asking that the names of person^mployed
in the ranging service of the United States during
the last war with Great Britain, be placed on the
pension roll.
On motion of Mr. BROCKENBROUGH, the
bill from the Senate to legulate the exercise of the
appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the
United States in certain casun, and for other
purposes, was referred to the Committee on the
j udiciary.
Whereupon the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred, under the rule:
13)- Mi. flttiVfjICY: Ttie petition of Alexander McDonald,
pr.ij in£? tor a pennon.
tiv- Alt. WfNTlflU >1' - The memorial of Charles F. Jones,
of Bo-lon, foi the pimnenl of the Fiench mdentmhe.-.
Bv Mi. CJflfNIVEfjL • A mornoiM! for rebel of shipwreck-
ed pi r«ons unci ve-Nelb oil the coasts adjacent to the harbor
of New York.
By Mr. SEVERANCE : The petition of Oliver A. Webber
and i:U other citizen^ ot Vassalboio", in the State, of Maine,
a- kirn* that the constitutional powr i of Oongt e>s ma\ be ex-
erted to terminate a* soon n< possible The vvai Willi Mexico,
without further effu«ion of blood
V>y Mr. LEIB : The petition of Cyrus Hartley and other
citizens of Wyoming county, Pennsylvania, piajint; foi th«
immediate abolition of the office of chaplains to the two
Houses of Congress. . ^
By Mr. DA11RAGH: The petition of James McCoy, a
contractor on the Ohio river impiovement, d&king for com-
pensation for losses sustained by ium by reason ot the change
of his contract by the United States officer having charge ot
the Ohio river improvement. Also, the petition ot John
Ferguson, of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, for a pension.
AI>o, the petition ot the Tiusteesof the Western University
ot Pennsylvania, asking for a remission of duties on philo-
sophical apparatus, See. Also, the petition of citizens of the
United States, praying for the freedom of the public lands.
Also, the petition of Henry Shafler, of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, asking for a pennon. Also, the petition ot
Cuttis Hodges, asking foi lands m heuof those he owned in
Missouri, a'id was driven from by the authorities of the State
ot Missouri.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 10, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appioved.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by its Clerk, stating that said House
had agreed to the further conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill to raise for a limited time an additional
military force, and for other purposes, and .that
said House had appointed Messrs. Niven, Mc-
Kay, and Vinton, managers of said conference on
its part.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretaiy of War, made agree-
ably to law, transmitting a statement of the expen-
ditures during the year 1846, fiom the appropria-
tion for the contingent expenses of the military
establishment; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the memorial of
Commodore F. A. Parker, of the United States
navy, praying authority for the settlement of his
accounts for incidental expenses incurred by him
on account of the conveyance of the gentlemen
attached to the American mission to China in the
ship under his command^ which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. F. also presented the petition of G. W. Ful-
ton, lelative to his improvements in the manner of
propelling vessels by steam; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE presented the petition of
inhabitants of Washtenaw county, Michigan, pray-
ing that the war may be brought to a speedy close;
winch was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. DAVIS presented two petitions of citizens
of New Bedford, Massachusetts, and Southbo-
rough, Massachusetts, praying that the war may
be Lnought to a speedy clos>e; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Air. BREESE presented additional documents
in relation to the claim of Ptiscilla Green for a
pension; which weft referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of James
Pennoyer, praying compensation for his services,
and for injuries done to his vessel in rescuing the
United States brig Porpoise; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of the New Oilcans bar,
piaymg that the mode of proceeding in civil cases
be adopted in the equity cases brought before the
courts of the United States m Louisiana; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also the memorial of Edmund J. Forstall, on
behalf of Messrs. Hope & Co., of Amsterdam, in
relation to certain bonds emitted by tiie Bank of
Pensacola, with the endorsement of the Territory
of Florida; which was referred to the Committee
on the J udiciary.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of David N.
Smith, praying a pension for wounds received in
the military servive of the United Stales; winch
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Oneida county,
New York, praying that the Tonawanda band of
Indians may be excepted trom the execution of the
treaty of 1«42 between the United States and the
Seneca Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Allan's.
Mr. GREL^NE piesented resolutions adopted by
the Legislatuie of Rhode Island, in favor of the
: system of protection, in favor of the tariff of 1842,
! in opposition to the independent tieasurv, in leU-
j tion to the war with Mexico, &c.; which were
! read, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom had been referred the
bill from the House for the relief of Isaac Guess,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. J., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bill from the House for the relief
of the heirs of Hyacinth Lasselle, reported tile
same without amendment.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the Select Committee
on French spoliations prior to 1800, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill, to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction (if claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801.
The bill having been read,
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, it was read
a second time, by unanimous consent, and then
postponed, and made the special order for this
day week.
Mr, ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom had been recommitted the bill from
the House to provide for the establishment of a
Territorial government in the Territory of Oregon,
and for other purposes, reported the same with
sundry amendments.
REVOLUTIONARY AND OTHER PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the payment of revolutionary and
other pensions.
The question pending being on concurring in the
amendment submitted by Mr. Johnson-, of Louisi-
ana, adopted by the Senate as in committee of the
whole, the object of which is to make compensa-
tion to pension agents,
Mr. JOHNSON said a few words in support of
the amendment, pointing out the necessity of ma-
king reasonable compensation to these agents to
insure a faithful performance of the duties. He
alluded to the inconvenience which had resulted to
the public, from the omission in the law reducing
the rates of postage, of any provision for the pay-
ment of clerks in the principal offices. It was not
to be supposed that persons would give their time
and labor without remuneration. This amendment
provides for the payment of those who paid the
pensions; and he had been informed at the depart-
ment, that the duty could not be performed with-
out compensation.
The amendment was then concurred in, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time. The bill \\%s then read a third time and
passed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. DIX moved that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the following: resolution, hud on the
table by him some days since:
Resolved, That after to-morrow the daily hour
for the meefmg of the Senate shall be eleven
o'clock, a. in.
Mr. DIX gave notice that if the resolution was
taken up. he would modify it so as to make it take
effect on Monday next.
The motion to consider the reolution was then
decided in the negative.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read:
Jlaolred, That the editors of the Union—a newspaper
published jn tiie city ol Washington—havinu, in a publica-
tion contained in a number of thai paper dated the 0th of
Fehiuary, l-^ned and utfeied a public hhel upon the chai -
actor of thi:- body, they be excluded I join the puvilege of
adim-fion to the tloor of ihe Senate.
Be it farther resolved. That the report of the proceedings
of the Senate of the 8th day of Fehiuary in relation to the
bill entitled 4 An act to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military fmne, and toi other purpo-es,' i-^ paitial and unju-t
to thehoJy, and that the n-potters tor that paper be excluded
for tho re-idue of the bes-ion from a place in the gallery of
the Senate.
Mr. YULEE asked for the consideration of the
resolution at this time, and was about to read from
the Union, when
Mr. SEVIER objected to the consideration at
this tim^.
Mr. "WESTCOTT regarded this as a question
of privilege, and that his colleague had a right to
proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFlCERdecided that there
was no question before the Senate. Objection
having been made to the consideration of the reso-
lution, the rule of the Senate required that it should
lie over.
