868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
scanty means of subsistence, and with no hope of
ad vancement.
The Senator from South Carolina has presented
some views of our augmenting population as true as
they are striking. At the commencement of his life
and of mine, this country contained three millions of
inhabitants, giving a rate of increase, which doubles
our numbers every twenty-two years. There are
those yet living, who will live to see our Confed-
eracy numbering a population, equal to the Chinese
empire. This stupendous progress outstrips the
imagination. The mind cannot keep up with the
fact. Jt toils after U in vain; and as we increase
in numbers and extend in space, our power of
communication is still more augmented. The tele-
graph has come with its wonderful process to bind
still closer the portions of this empire, as these re- i
cede from its capital. It is the most admirable j
invention of modern days. We can now answer ;
the sublime interrogatory put to Job: "Canst thou I
send lightnings, that they may go, and say unto !
thee, Ilere we are!"" Yes, the confiscations of j
heaven, man has reduced to obedience, and they |
say unto him, here we are. It is yet in its infan-
cy, an experiment, rather than an arrangement.
Who can tell where future improvements may
conduct it, or what sway it may hereafter exercise
over the social and political condition of the world?
What people it may bring together and keep to-
gether by the power of instantaneous communica-
tion ? Or how the events of distant nations, told
almost to the other side of the globe, the very
moment of their occurrence, may affect the future
destiny of mankind' I have been industriously
engaged seventeen days incoming from Detroit
to Washington, and the-journey between here and
Baitimoie once cost me two days. We have now
a process within our reach, by which we can send
California and receive answers from there more
than twenty times a day. I shall not pursue these
investigations: they are sufficiently obvious in their
general bearing, though the practical result of this
great measure is beyond the reach of human vis-
ion.
We are at war with Mexico, brought on by
her injustice. Before peace is established, we
have a right to require a reasonable indemnity,
either pecuniary or territorial, or both, for the in-
juries we have sustained. Such a compensation
is just in itself, and in strict accordance with the
usages of nations. One memorable proof of this has
passed in our own times. When the allies entered
Paris, after the overthrow of Napoleon, they com-
pelled the French Governmenttopay them an indem-
nity of 1500,000,000 francs, equal to £300,000,000.
In the condition of Mexico, thei e is no disposition
in this country to ask of her an unreasonable sacri-
fice. On the contrary, the wish is everywhere
prevalent, and I am sure the Government partici-
pate in it, that we should demand less, than we are
entitled to. No one proposes a ricid standard, by
which the indemnity shall he measured. But there
ore certain territorial acquisitions, \\ihich are im-
portant to us, and whose cession cannot injure
Mexico, as she never can hold them permanently.
We are willing, after settling the indemnity satis-
factorily, to pay for the excess in irx^ey. The
Senator from South Carolina has stated the propo-
sition very distinctly, <{ any excess on our part we
are willing to meet, as we ought, by the necessary
payment to Mexico."
Information received by the President, during
the last session of Congress, induced him to believe,
that if an appropriation for this purpose were made, 1
the difficulties between the two countries might j
soon be terminated by an amicablc arrangement. I
A proposition for that purpose was submitted to s
ns in secrrf session, debated and approved by this j
Senate. It was then introduced into the Legisla- !
turo with open doors, passed the House of R^pre- j
Fcniatives, and came to us. Here it was discussed [
until the stroke of the clock, when the hand on the i
dial-plate, pointed to 12, struck its funeral knell. '
In his message at. the commencement of this Con- j
press, the President renewed his suggestion, and j
the whole matter is now before us. Such is its !
history.
Itis now objected to, as an immoral proposition,
a kind of bribery, either of the Government of
Mexico, or of its Commanding General; and the
honorable Senator from Maryland, who is not
now in his seat, said emphatically and solemnly,
" that this project of terminating the war by^lis-
4 membering a sister republic, is so revolting to my
i moral sense of propriety, honor, and justice, that
' I should see my arms palsied by my side, rather
(than agree to it." The "dismemberment" of
which the honorable member speaks is previously
defined by himself. That is the term he gives the
acquisition, but I call it purchase. He says the
money will go to Santa Ana and pay the army,
which will thus be secured, and the poor " down-
trodden" people be transferred to this country
" in spite of themselves," in consequencc of this
" pouring of gifts into the hands of their tyrants."
' Now, sir, there is no such proposition, as I un-
derstand it, nor anything like it. The object of
the President has been distinctly stated by him-
self. It is to have the money ready, and if a sat-
isfactory treaty is signed and ratified, then to make
a payment into the treasury of Mexico, which
will be disposed of by the Government of that
country, agreeably to its own laws. The proposi-
tions, both at the last session of Congress and at
this, were identical. The difference in the phrase-
ology of the appropriation has been satisfactori-
ly explained by the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and seems to me of very
little consequence. Be that as it may, it is not a
subject, which can produce of itself any practical
difficulty. For if there is any member of the
Senate, who is willing to vote for the appropria-
tion in the form, in which it was presented last
year, and is unwilling to vote for it in this, the
Committee on Foreign Relations will cheerfully
assent to the substitution of the latter for the for-
mer. l< The principle is wrong," says the honor-
able Senator from Maryland. But, m my view,
the principle of this appropriation, and of the other
' appropriation is precisely the same. And yet,
the honorable Senator from Maryland voted for
the former, while he reprobates the present, and
a number of Senators on the other side of the
chamber voted the last session in the same man-
ner. If the proposition was bribery or unprinci-
pled then, ii seems to me it must be so now. Ex-
pediency may change with time, but right and
wrong undergo no change.
As to the idea, that such an arrangement is some-
thing like bribery, it seems to me it will not bear
the slightest investigation. A strange kind of bri-
bery this! The appropriation called for was pre-
ceded by a message from the President to the Sen-
ate in secret session. It was then received in both
Houses, and the doors thrown open. It was dis-
cussed fully, not to sav warmly, and was finally
lost by the lapse of time. In sccret session thirty-
three Senators voted for it. It again takes a
prominent place in the President's message at the
commencement of the present session of Congress.
It has been before us between two and three months,
and has been borne upon the wings of the wind to
the remotest portions of our country. It entered
Mexico long ago, and has been proclaimed upon
every house-top in town and country. It is known
to every citizen of that republic, who knows any-
thing of political affairs, whether the blood in his
veins is Castihan, or Moorish, or Aztec. It has
passed to Europe, and received the condemnations
of many of its journals. Had it been approved
there, I should doubt its policy or its justice. And
for aught I know, it is travelling along the canals
of the Celestial Empire. I repeat, a strange kmd
of bribery this! That is an offence which does its
work in secret. This is a proposition made by one
nation to another, in the face of the world. It is
not to enable Mexico to carry on the war, as an
honorable Senator seems to suppose, for it is not
Uo be paid till the war is over.
Mr. MORETIEAD inquired if the honorable
Senator considered the present proposition as con-
finin0- the President, in the disbursement of the
money, to the purposes to be specified in the treaty,
as the resolution of the last session did ?
Mr. CASS said, that his understanding of the
proposition was, that the money was not to be paid,
until a treaty was agreed upon. The payment was
not to precede the treaty, but to follow it.
Mr. WEBSTER, (rising.) Will the honorable
Senator allow me 
Mr. CASS. I will hear you with pleasure, but
I cannot answer any more questions. I have said
that no money is to be paid until a treaty is rati-
fied.
Mr. WEBSTER. I was merely going to re-
mark, that this is the very turning point.
Mr. CASS. I will sit down and hear the hon-
orable Senator, but he must not ask me any ques-
tions. If he does, I shall not answer them, till I
have concluded my remarks.
Mr. Webster resumed his seat.
Mr. C. continued:
The^ whole proposition results from the peculiar
condition of Mexico. Her Government is ephem-
eral. Its members are born in the morningand die in
the evening. Administrations succeed one another,
like the scenes of a theatre, rather than the events
of life, and still less of events in the life of a nation.
The rulers do not dare to do justice in such a case
as this. It might cost them their places, to which
they hold on, as tenaciously, as though their tenure
were a secure one. There is a strong excitement
in that country against us. Nothing shows this
more distinctly, than the scene, which lately passed
there, when their President swore that the nation
would never yield one inch of its territory, nor
make peace with the invader, till his foot was otT
its soil. A dangerous resolution to be thus pub-
licly proclaimed, and one more easily proclaimed
than kept. The sublime and the ridiculous may
so easily touch, that nations should be chary of
such exhibitions which may belong to the domain
of the one or of the other, as subsequent circum-
stances stamp their character. Whatever judg-
ment, however, history may pronounce upon this
ceremony in Mexico, it is significant enough of the
disposition of the people towards us. Hence the
difficulty of the Government is increased, and hence
the necessity of their strengthening themselves.
Their revenues are drying up. They are always
in debt in all their departments, civil and military.
By a prompt payment into their treasury upon the
ratification of a treaty, the Government will be en-
abled to satisfy the most pressing demands, and
thus to do an act of justice at home which will
counteract any ill effects of an act of justice abroad.
And this is the very point of the whole matter.
We may thus tempt them to do right, while so
many other strong circumstances tempt them to
do wrong. As to the application of this money,
after it reaches the treasury of Mexico, it is no
question of ours, any more than was the applica-
tion of the consideration money paid to France
and Spain for the purchase of Louisiana and of
Florida. We cannot follow it, and it must take
its fate with the other resources of the country. It
has one advantage, however, and that is its pub-
licity. If the silver or gold were carried by wag-
ons to the palace of the Government, the transac-
tion could have no more publicity, than it has now.
And this throws upon the authorities a much graver
responsibility, than do the ordinary payments, and
one less likely to be abused. If all this is bribery >
I am fully prepared to take my share in the guilt
of it. If it is bribery, let the honest governments
of Europe make the most of it.
As to the comparison, instituted by the honorable
Senator from Maryland, between this act and an
attempt of the Mexican Government to bribe Gen-
eral Taylor, it certainly gives me very little trouble.
We have nothing to do with Santa Anna, as the
General of an army. We deal with the Govern-
ment of Mexico. The very authority that makes
the treaty is the authority, to which the payment is
to be mode. If General Taylor were the American
Government, and had power to cede away a por-
tion of the American territory, the analogy would
then exist in fact, as it now exists but in fancy.
And this obvious consideration answers nil the ob-
jections presented by the Senator,when heexpresses
such an apprehension, that the money would slip
from our fingers, before we secured a consideration.
Not a dollar is to be paid, till the treaty is ratified,
and the country thus made ours.
Passing now, sir, from the consideration of this
subject to the course before us, I would observe,
that there are but three plans of operation, by which
we can escape from the difficulties of our position.
The first, is an abandonment of the war, and an
inglorious return to our own country.
The second, is the establishment of a line over
such a portion of the enemy's territory, as we think
proper, and holding the country on this side of it
without any further military operations.
The third, is a vigorous prosecution of the war,
agreeably to the public expectation, and the expe-
rience of the world.
As to the first, sir, I do not place it in the cate-
gory of things possible, but only in the category of
things proposed, an3 I cast it from me with con-
tempt.
The second, sir, is a very different proposition;
