•'3174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
There is, in'every country, -a line of operations,
•along which a hostile army may most easily move,
. and where its movements will produce the greatest
eflfect apon the people, who are invaded, and upon
their (Government. It may be, that a strong for-
tress should be the object of attack; or the commer-
cial metropolis, the principal place of trade and
population; or the political capital, the seat of Gov-
ernment, and the central point of influence and
authority. Now, in Europe, all these facts are
well known. Contiguity of position, continued
intercommunication, and ever-renewing wars, have
revealed the internal condition of the countries in
that quarter of the globe. Each knows its strong
and weak points, and these are equally known to
other Powers. Extensive topographical bureaus
make part of the military organization of all the
larger States of Europe. No reasonable expense
is spared to collect and deposite in them all the
information which future exigencies may render
necessary. Lines of communication, the direction
and condition of roads, the crossing of streams, the
passage of mountains, the state of the fortresses,
whether isolated or making part of the defences of
a city, the jneans of transportation, the extent of
supplies, all these objects, so essential to an army
in the progress of its operations, are examined and
studied; and the result is ready, whenever the time
for action arrives. And, besides this, experience
has shown the most vulnerable points; where the
severest blow can be inflicted, and where the moral
effect of military disasters will be most sensibly
felt, and moat likely to render a campaign decisive.
It was information like this, spread before him,
which enabled Carnot, in his cabinet at Paris, to
mark out, with almost mathematical precision, the
operations of the French armies, and to direct
plans of invasion, in which the genius of the great
generals of that day, in combination and execution,
was brought into admirable coupciation with the
genius of the minister, who had matured and pre-
scribed them.
There was a lamentable deficiency in our coun-
try of all this kind of knowledge, respecting the
condition of Mexico, at the tune she attacked our
forces upon the Rio Grande; and the Government
was suddenly called upon to direct the operations
of a campaign in a region, which was almost a terra
incognita.
So much for ihe difficulties. Now for the re-
sults. Let me remark, in the first instance, sir,
that not a movement, as I understand, relating to
operations on the northeast frontier of Mexico has
been directed from the seat of Government, which
has not met the approbation of the distinguished
officer, who has connected his own name with the
history of his country by his victories in the valley
of the Rio Grande. So much is due to himself
and the Administration. His own movements he
was free to direct and control. Immediately after
the declaration of war, he was requested to com-
municate to the Government his views as to what
should be the future operations on the Rio Grande,
and the movement, he proposed to make before the
rainy season.
I have applied to the War Department for in-
formation upon this subject; and have been per-
mitted to look at that part of the correspondence
with General Taylor, which relates to past events,
and has thus become matter of history. I will
state its bearing upon the last campaign.
[n a letter from the War Department of June 8,
184G, to General Taylor, the Secretary of War,
after informing him of the proposed augmentation
of his force, and making some judicious sugges-
tions, remarks that, " In taking positions, I need
4 scarcely observe, that the means of getting sup-
s plies, transporting munitions of war, as well as
«the ability to keep open the channels, by which
' these supplies and munitions are to be furnished,
* are points to be well considered," &c. "The
' President is desirous of receiving your views and
4 suggestions, in relation to the fall campaign. His
* determination is to have the war prosecuted with
4 vigor, and to embrace in the objects to be com-
' passed in that campaign, such as will dispose the
4 enemy to desire an end of the war. Shall the
4 campaign be conducted with a view of striking
s at the city of Mexico, or confined, so far as re-
* gards the forces under your immediate command,
* to the northern provinces of Mexico? Your views
'on this point will doubtless have an important
6 influence on the determination of the Government
* here. Should an army penetrate far into the in-
* terior of Mexico, how are-supplies to be obtained?
i Can they-be, to any considerable -extent, drawn
4 from the enemy *s country, or must they be ob-
tained from ,the-United States? These are very
"4 important questions, and the answers to them
4 will have an important bearing in settling the plan
* and objects of the campaign," &c.
" It is important to know your opinion of the
' description of troops best adapted to operations
* in the interior of Mexico; what portion should
' be infantry, artillery, cavalry, &c. A peace must
* be conquored in the shortest space of time prac-
4 ticable; your views of the manner of doing it
'are requested. It is not doubted, that you will
i push your advantages to the utmost extent it can
1 clone, with the means at yenir command
General Taylor, in answer, stated very clearly
the nature of the operations, which should take
place, and the difficulties attending them, resulting
principally from deficient means of transportation,
and from a want of bread-stuffs. Considering the
distance from Camargo to Mexico, and the nature
of the country, and its want of resources, he look-
ed upon that line of operations as an impracticable
one. He was therefore of opinion, that opera-
tion^ upon that frontier should be confined to cut-
ting off the northern provinces, and, m that point
of view, he thought the expedition to Chihuahua
of great importance. He says he has abstained
from any reference to movements against Tampico,
or Vera Cruz, bccausc the yellow fever would not
have permitted us to hold either, and he deemed it
best to undertake no movement in that direction, at
that season of the year. He proposed the taking
of Tampico when the season should favor, which
would not be until November or December. So
far as 1 have been permitted to see the correspond-
ence, I find nothing which controls the discretion
of General Taylor. Views are indicated and sug-
gestions made, and very properly made. Rut he
is left to act as his own judgment dictates, in the
operations intrusted to him. And it is but an act
of justice, sir, to say, that the instructions of the
War Department are prepared with ability and
a wise forecast,creditable to the officer at the head
of it. They will bear the severst scrutiny.
Three columns, then, sir, moved upon Mexico.
One, under General Taylor, invading its north-
eastern frontier. Another, under General Wool,
striking at the provinces higher up the Rio Grande,
and in communication with the preceding column,
and subject to the order of General Tayior. And
a third, entered New Mexico and took possession
of its capital, Santa Fe. It thence moved on,
through California to the Pacilic, where it has no
doubt arrived ere this time, and where it will
eventually put itself in communication with the
regiment sent by sea from New York; when the
whole force will unite and occupy the commanding
points of the country. Our flag now waves upon
the shores of the Pacific as well as upon those of
the Atlantic; and from the Gulf of Mexico to the
Gulf ofCahfornia,a distance following the bounda-
ry of our possessions of almost two thousand miles,
wc have overrun and occupied the enemy's ter-
ritory. I have caused an estimate—rather a vague
one, indeed—to be made of the extent of country
belonging to Mexico which we hold, and I am in-
formed it exceeds six hundred thousand square
miles, while the portion yet subject to the Mex-
ican Government contains but about four hundred
thousand square miles. And the population of the
region possessed by us amounts to at least one
million of inhabitants. In the mean time, three
splendid victories have been gained, and the Mex-
ican coast blockaded and almost hermetically seal-
ed. And we arc yet in the ninth month of the
war. I shall not stop, sir, to speak of the results
in terms of eulogy. They need no such tribute
from me. They speak for themselves, and appeal
to the head and heart of every American, in justi-
fication of the conduct of the Government of his
country, and of the armies sent out to maintain her
honor. Looking at the distance and the difficul-
ties of the operations, to do this required energy,
ability, and promptitude; and these qualities have
been displayed, and have had their true rewards, in
the success that has crowned their exertion.
Mr. CALHOUN explained that the Senator
from Michigan had not truly represented him,
when he attributed to him a declaration that we
had not the means to carry on this campaign. In
this, that Senator was entirely incorrect. He had
merely put-it to the Senate, if the means be could
drawn out—and there would doubtless be a diffi-
culty in getting the men, and there would be a
great increase of expense—he put it to the Senate,
if, when obtained, it would be worth all this sacri-
fice of money and of lives. The Senator from
Michigan had also alluded to an expression that
there was a mysterious connexion between Mexi-
co and the United States. Mr. C. explained that
he spoke of the contiguity of the two republics,
and the danger to this country if it should absorb
the neighboring republic. He also entered into
some explanation in relation to the line which he
desired to see this country maintain from the Gulf
of Mexico to the Pacific; arid maintained that it
could be protected by the small force he had before
mentioned.
Mr. CASS said he had no desire to misrepresent
any one.
Further mutual explanations were made by the
two Senators.
Mr. BERRIEN then rose, and said it seemed to
him to be but an act of justice to the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. R. Johnson] to make a brief ex-
planation, before this discussion closed, of some
things to which the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan had referred in connexion with the speech of
the honorable Senator from Maryland, delivered
a few days ago. The Senator from Michigan was
under the impression that the Senator from Mary-
land at the last session of Congress voted for a reso-
lution identical in its terms with that against which
he had now argued. The Senator from Michigan
was thus in effect representing that the Senator
from Maryland pursued a course now which wad
in direct conflict with his course at the last session;
and hence he desired to say a word of explanation,
for the purpose of showing that the Senator from
Maryland was not chargeable with inconsistency.
Mr. B. explained, that at the last session, an
application was made by the President for two
millions of dollars, for the purpose of enabling the
Piesident to conclude a treaty of peace, limits,
and boundary, with Mexico, to be used by him in
the event that such a treaty should call for such
expenditure of money so appropriated, or any part
thereof. The two millions of dollars were only to
be used in case the terms of the treaty should call
for the appropriation. It was not, therefore, to
be used in advance. It was only to be used sub-
sequent to the treaty being made, and for the ex-
press purposes therein stipulated. Such was the
proposition for which the Senator from Maryland
voted. [To sustain this view, he read extracts
from the Journal of the last session.] With that
understanding, then, of the terms of the resolution
of the last session, what, he asked, was the bill of
the present session, for refusing to vote for which,
the Senator from Maryland was charged with in-
consistency? [He read from the bill to show its
object, and that it was not for the purpose of pro-
viding the ordinary expenses of the negotiation;
that it was not to satisfy the terms and stipulations
of any treaty to be entered into; but it was to de-
fray extraordinary expenses which may be in-
curred in bringing the existing war with Mexico
to a speedy and honorable termination.] Here
was a naked proposition, stripped of all the guards
contemplated by the resolution of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations at the last
session. If this bill should become a law, this
money might be paid to-morrow, and it might be
paid by the President of the United States to any
of the rulers of Mexico, or agent or individual of
that country. The Senator from Maryland was
unwilling to invest the President of the United
States with this uncontrolled and unlimited direc-
tion to appropriate thiee millions of dollars with-
out any restriction; and for this, the Senator from
Michigan had charged him with inconsistency,
from which he desired to relieve that Senator, as
it was apparent the two propositions were essen-
tially different.
Mr. CASS said it was simply a question of con-
struction. Both the proposition of the last and of
the present year were designed to give the Presi-
dent power to apply the money in the terminating
of the war and restoring peace. He referred to a
like appropriation made in the acquisition of Lou-
isiana, to defray extraordinary expenses, and quo-
ted from the documents before them, to show that
this money was to be appropriated to enable the
President to conclude a treaty of peace, limits, and
boundaries 
Mr. BERRIEN. To be used when ?
