1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
provisional authority given to the President, did
not remove the constitutional objection which had
been raised.
He then referred to the statute book, and show-
ed by acts passed in 1813 that this power was
then given to the President, and also that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, then a member of the
other House?, voted for it.
He. had thus alluded to the action of the Con-
gress in the earlier days of the republic to show
what its construction of this provision was. He
had also alluded to the action m 1812 and 1813, to
show that the patriots and statesmen of that day
also had passed bills containing provisions like
that which the Senate had before it yesterday.
It was for this purpose he had alluded to it, and
not to make out a case against the honorable Sen-
ator.
Mr. CALHOUN briefly replied. He thought
the Senator from Illinois was taxing a young man
rather too much when he required him to find out
all the constitutional difficulties which interpose to
obstruct the passage of acts of legislation. At the
time of which the honorable Senator spoke he
was chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions i^fche other House, and he might not have
been present when these measures were adopted.
Mr. BREESE said that the Senator from South
Carolina had voted for one of these measures in
1813; which contained a provision that he yester-
day denounced as a violation of the Constitution.
Mr. BERRIEN said he believed the report of
the committee of conference had removed the con-
stitutional difficulty. They all admitted that the
power might be vested in the President alone, if
they believed these to be inferior officers. It was
a mere question of expediency, and he did not
mean in a state of war to arrest the passage of the
bill. He should, therefore, vote for the report.
Mr. ATHERTON briefly replied to a remark of
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Huntington,]
questioning' the propriety of the course pursued by
the House of Representatives, in acting on there-
port of the committee of conference when the bill
was before the Senate.
Mr. YULEE, considered the question narrowed
to the term "inferior" officers. this subject
there was a great variety of opinions entertained,
and Senators had great difficulty in bringing their
minds to a proper conclusion. There was much
Elausibility in the arguments which had been used,
at to his mind they were not conclusive. He
should vote for the amendment of the committee
of conference; but, in doing so, he did not wish
to stand committed to the construction on which
that provision had been bused. The question was
an important one, but he was unwilling at such a
time to interpose objections that might obstruct
the passage of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on concurring in the committee's report, and it was
agreed to.
The Ten Regiment Bill is therefore passed.
The Senate then adjourned.
^dered to be printed.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved that
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 10, 1847. j|
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. Ij
Mr. STANTON, (on leave given,) from the j!
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom had been j
• referred the bill to authorize the President of the i
United States to increase the naval establishment j
of the United States, reported the same without j
amendment. i
Mr. GJ-ROVER moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
-<§ Union. j
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to amend the motion, 1
so as to provide that the bill be made the special I
order for Monday next. j
Mr. McCLELLAND rose to oppose the amend- |
ment. He said there were matters of much higher j
importance awaiting the action of the House. I
The SPEAKER decided that the amendment,;
having reference singly to the priority of business, j
was not debatable. 1
Mr. McCLELLAND called for a division of
the question; which was ordered. t
The bill was then referred to the Committee of : fraught with evil, strife.
Mr. McCLELLAND and Mr. J. R. INGER-
SOLL demanded the yeas and nays, which were
refused.
And the question being taken, the House de-
cided that the bill should not be made the special
order of the day.
Mr. SEAMAN, on leave given and in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill to make
the city of Brooklyn a port of entry;
Also, a "bill for the relief of John H. Baker, of
that city; which were severally read and commit-
ted.
Mr. BARRINGER, on leave given, offered the
following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king un appropriation for the purchase and fair dis-
tribution of the system of military tactics in use
in the army of the United States among the offi-
cers of the militia in the several States of the
Union.
Mr. CRANSTON, on leave given, presented
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Rhode Island, in relation to the tariff of '42, and
the termination of the war with Mexico; which
'were laid on the table and ordered to be printed, v
Mr. W. HUNT, on leave given, and in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill for
the relief of Ireland.
[The bill appropriates §500,000 for the purchase
of articles of subsistence, and for transportation
thereof to Ireland.]
It was read twice and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HENLEY expressed a hope that before
that motion should prevail, a resolution would be
adopted terminating the debate on the three mil- !
lion bill. And Mr. H. inquired whether it would
now be in order for him to offer such a resolution ?
The SPEAKER said it, would not be m order
pending the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.]
The question thereon was then taken, and having
been decided in the affirmative—
The House again resolved itself into Committee
ofthc Whole on thestateof the Union, (Mr. Non-
ris in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill to appropriate three millions of dollars to
enable the President to enter upon negotiations for
the restoration of peace with Mexico.
Mr. KAUFMAN was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour on the
general subject of the existing war.
Mr. FOOT followed. Pie was (hesaid) among
the ranks of those who believed that the war m
which the country was involved, ought to have
been avoided, and if wise and prudent counsels had
prevailed in the Executive department of the Gov-
ernment, it would have been avoided. He main- j
taiued that it was unnecessary for the redress of i
any wrongs which had been inflicted upon us by j
Mexico, or for the assertion of any rights which ;
she might have infringed. And, moic than all, he i
contended that it was unnecessary for the vindica- !
tion of the national honor. He believed that all i
our differences with Mexico, whether with icf'er- |
ence to the question of boundary, or with reference !
to the question of indemnity for spoliations, might j
have been satisfactorily and honorably adjusted I
without a resort to arms. He insisted that the war j
had resulted, not from the acts of Mexico, but from I
the unauthorized and unconstitutional acts of our i
own Executive Government. ;
It was, however, more important to inquire how i
the war was to be ended, than how it began; how
it was to be terminated, than whether it could have
been avoided. The American people demanded
to know with what desire and to what extent it |
was to be prosecuted; what were its objects, what '
its purposes. It was no answer to say that the
object was an honorable peace. There were few ■
at'this day who would deny that it was now a war i
of invasion and conquest. He opposed strenu- !
ously the acquisition of any territory either by con- ;
quest or treaty, as not only unjust to Mexico, but ,
' • an(] contention, to our- !
the Whole on the state of the Union.
And the question recurring on making it the j
special order, . 1
selves.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF next addressed the com-
mittee, as follows:
Mr. Chairman: 1 stand here to-day to give my
humble voice in favor of the " Wilmot proviso."
1 am glad that it is called so. And any allusion
which may have been made, or which may here-
after be made, to me in connexion with that name,
with a view to excite the miserable feelings of envy
in my heart, that it is so, will be despised, as I
despise the motive which prompts the effort. I am
glad that it is called the " Wilmot proviso/' as I
would ever rejoice at any additional honor or dis-
tinction which may be wreathed around the brow
of my respected friend from Pennsylvania.
But, sir, if we speak with critical accuracy and
correctness, itis not the "Wilmot proviso:"neither
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania nor
myself has the honor of its authorship. It should
be called, known, and distinguished as the "Thomas
Jefferson proviso." He, sir, was its author. He
first brought it forth with a view to incorporate it
into American legislation. This fact was denied
yesterday by Mr. Bayly. It happens to be in my
power to prove it. In the celebrated debate wJiich
occurred in the year 1830, in the Senate of the
United States* upon the resolutions offered by Mr.
Foot, Mr. Bknton, in reply to a claim put forth
by Mr. Webster for Mr. Dane of Massachusetts,
as the author of the anti-slavery clause in the ordi-
nance of 1787, for the government of the territory
northwest of the Ohio river, says:
"That ordinance, and especially the non-slavery clause,
was not the work of Natluui Dane, of Massachusetts, but
of Thomas Jefferson, of Virginia."
So says Mr. Benton, who is not apt to be mis-
taken in his facts.
/ I have in my hand, sir, the Journals of the old
Congress, extending from April, 3782, to Novem-
ber, 1788, in which (page 373) 1 find the follow-
ing:
" Congress took into consideration the report of a com-
mittee, consisting of Mi. Jefferson, Mr. Chase, and Mr.
Howell, to whom was recommitted then repoitof a plan for
,a temporaiy government oftho* Western Terntory: when a
motion waa made by Mr. Spaight. seconded by Mr. Read, to
strike out the following paiagraph :
"'That after the jear W)0 o! the ChriMiart era, tJieie
1 shall be neither slavery nor mvoluntaiy servitude in any of
*the said States otherwise than in punishment of cn'mess,
< v\ hereof the. party shall have been duiv convicted to have
'been personally guilty.' And on the question,1 Shall the
woids moved to be s tiuek out stand the New England
States, New York, and New Jersey, voted 'ayMan land
and South Carolina voted 'no;' Noith Carolina was equally
divided, and a majority of one from Virginia also voted {no!J
So this proposition failed at that time, in 3784,
for the want of the requisite number of votes to con-
stitute it, under the old Articles of Confederation,
a valid act of legislation, although a great majority
of the States voted for it, and Jefferson, individual-
ly, did so. In 1787, the proposition met a better
fate, and became the fundamental law of the Ter-
ritory which I have the honor to represent, in part,
with others; and which shall remain forever free,
to the honor of its Virginian author, the friend of
human kind and human liberty,Thomas Jefferson.
Let gentlemen, then, stigmatize this proposition'
as an " Abolition proposition;5'let them put upon
it any odious epithets which their imagination or
their malice may invent; still the historical truth
will remain, when our speeches and our names are
forgotten, that Thomas Jefferson was the author
of that proviso, and first introduced it into Ameri-
can legislation.
But, sir, before I proceed further to discuss this
question, let me inquire, What is it? What is the
question ?
In the first place, sir, it is not a question of Aboli-
tionism. We propose to infringe upon no " vested
rights" or vested wrongs, in anyone of the States,
or Districts, or Territories of this Union. We pro-
pose nowhere to abolish slavery > or to interfere with
it where it exists—nowhere, sir. The effect of Ms
adoption will be to prevent any question of Aboli-
tion arising hereafter, in reference to territory
which we may acquire.
It is, sir, not an Administration question. This
proposition met at the hands of every Democratic
member from the free States, at the last session
of Congress, a cordial support, with, I believe,
but three or four single exceptions. It is not an
Administration question, and cannot be so, unless
the Administration sees proper voluntarily to make
it such, without cause, and against the wishes of
a vast majority of those who contributed to its pro-
motion to the place that it now occupies.
It has nothing to do, sir, with the question of
the prosecution of this war. I can appeal to every
gentleman who hears me to bear witness to the
