378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
feet., that none have supported with greater zeal,
promptness, or fidelity, every measure necessary
and proper, and recommended by the A.dministra-
.tion for the prosecution of the war, than have the
friends and advocates of this proviso. We bring
it forward as a condition to no war measure, to no
revenue measure; but we attach it where it prop-
erly belongs, to what the Administration claim to
be a peace measure—to an appropriation designed
io procure peace, and which can be of no avail
unless peace follows. It has nothing to do with
the Missouri compromise. We do not propose to
infringe upon it, although it was a "compromise"
made by an act passed, if I am correct, by a ma-
jority of one; and by the votes of only thirteen
members from the free States, then called " dough-
faces:" every one of whom, nearly, if not quite,
has met, and* has continued at every stage of his
life to meet, the determined and unrelenting politi-
cal condemnation of his constituents. Yet, being
the law of the land, and recognised as a compro-
mise, we do not propose to interfere with it.
But, sir, it was claimed by gentlemen from
the South upon this floor, whSi the Oregon bill
' was under discussion, that this Missouri compro-
mise line was intended to extend through westward
to the Pacific. We denied it. But granting that
it is a true proposition which gentlemen from the
South contend for: what follows? While you
charge us with a design to infringe upon the com-
promise line, you, yourselves, are the very men
who have been continually attempting that in-
fiingsment. I appeal to the Journal. We have,
sir, since the commencement of my brief service in
Congress, passed two different Oregon bills through
this House; and upon both occasions, under the
yeas and nays, every southern man upon this floor,
except five in one instance, and six in the other,
voted against the incorporation of the provision of
the ordinance of 1787 mto the bill for the govern-
ment of Oregon.
Therefore, if it be true, as you claim it is, that
the spirit, if not the letter, of that compromise
runs through, upon the line of 36° 30', to the Pa-
cific, you yourselves, by your own recorded votes
upon two different occasions, and with almost en-
tire unanimity, have been the first men to violate
it. With what face, then, can southern men stand
up here and call upon me or any other northern
man, who is true to tlie sentiments his constituents
are known to entertain, now, when they propose
to turn free territory into slave territory, to recog-
nise that linn west of the mountains >
Sir, this Union was launched into being upon the
broad principles of human liberty and equality.
By the very Declaration of the Independence of this ;
republic, it was proclaimed that " these truths are j
self-evident, that all men are created equal, and are j
endowed by their Creator with the inalienable i
right of liberty Little, sir, little did the venera- !
ted sages from (.he North and the South who pio- j
claimed that doctrine upon that occasion, dream i
that in little more than half a century, it should be ;
proclaimed by the legally constituted organs of |
communication with foreign Poweis, of that very I
goverment whose foundations they were then lay- j
mg, that slavery was agood, a positive good, and, j
as such, was to be perpetuated and extended inde- j
finitely. And yet the world has witnessed that I
spectacle ! See the correspondence of the Depart- j
mcnt of State, when presided o'yer by Upshur and j
Calhoun, with the Governments of France, Eng- j
land, and Texas. |
Sir, we arc accused of fanaticism in the North. |
Wo have a fanaticism among us. We have indi- !
viduals among us—" few ana far between," how- j
ever—who would not respect the constitutional j
guarantees thrown around the rights of the South; I
but they are a miserable minority, whom I have 1
always combated, and who can never be anything j
else. But there is a fanaticism which " out-Herods j
Herod," and overtops all others. There are men !
who yield to the doctiines of the Satanic philos- |
ophy of the school of Fort Hill. Yes, slavery a I
good; and, as such, is to be extended and perpet- i
uatcd! That has been the doctrine of this Gov-
ernment, through its recognised organs of commu-
nication with foreign Powers. Sir, we abominate,
loathe, abhor the doctrine. The whole people of
the North abominate, loathe, abhor the doctrine,
as Thomas Jefferson and his compatriots did.
Mr. Chairman, 1 thought I had before me, but
I believ.e I have left it at my lodgings, one of the
volumes of the writings of Thomas Jefferson, as
edited by his.grandson,,Mr. Randolph, containing
a fac-simile of the original Declaration of Inde-
pendence, in his own handwriting, as corrected
by the interlineations of Franklin and Adams, and
approved by his other colleagues of the commit-
tee, Sherman and Livingston, m which is asserted,
amorig other causes of complaint against George
I'll., as justifying our separation from that Gov-
ernment, that he has refused his sanetion to laws
for the restriction of the slave trade; thus keeping
open, by the exercise of his kingly power, " mar-
kets where men may be sold." Now, let me ap-
peal to northern men—to free-State men: are we
to be guilty of the very thing for doing which
George III. was accused by that congregation of
sages ? Are we not only to keep open, but to ex-
tend and multiply, the markets where men are to
be sold ?—to multiply human shambles ? And this
to be done by the Representatives of freemen ! Is
this act, the nameless infamy of which no pencil
has coloring dark enough to paint, no language
words strong enough adequately to characterize—
at which posterity will blush, which Christianity
must abhor—shall this be our act ?—the act of free-
men and the representatives of freemen ? Almighty
God forbid it!—oh, forbid it!
Others may do it: that reproach shall never—
no, never—rest upon my name. Other men's
children will not have the curiosity to look into
the acts and votes of a man so humble as myself:
my own will. That page shall never meet their
eye. No, sir—never, never.
But I am told by gentlemen that slavery is not
an evil. 1 take issue upon that point.
It is an evil. I propose to try that issue here, in
the face of an American House of Representatives,
with posterity and the world for our judicatory,
our auditors; and I will call southern witnesses
to the stand, and no others; slaveholders, and the
representatives of slaveholders.
The first witness I introduce is Thomas Jeffer-
son. 1 read from his " Notes on Virginia," pages
221-2. He says:
" There must doubtless bs an unhappy influence upon
the manners of oui people produced by the existence ot
slavery among us. The wlioie commerce between ma^tei
arul slave is a perpetual exmas-e of the mott boisterous
pa^siorih, the most unremitting despotism on the one part,
and degrading submissions on the otiicr. Our children see
this, and learn to imitate it; ten man u an imitative annual.
* * * * The patent storms, the. child looks on, catches the
lineaments or wrath, puts on the same airs in the circle of
smaller slaves, give* a loose to the vvoi&t ol passions, and
than nursed, educated, and d.uly exeici^id in tyranny, can-
not but be stamped by it with odious peculiatitics. The
in.in must be a piodigy who can ictam his manners ;uid
morals umU praved by *uch eueumr-tanees. And with what
execration -liould the statesman be loaded, who, permitting
ono-hali the cMti/.en- thus to trample on the rights of the
other, tiansfonns those in to despots, and thereinto enemies,
destioys the moials of tlie one putt, and the amor patricc of'
the other. For if a slave can have a country in tins woild,
it must be any other in preference to that in which he is
born to live and labor lor another; m which he miht lock
up the faculties of his nature, contribute a- far as depend*
on his individual endeavors to the evanishment of tlie
human lace, or entail his own miserable condition on the
endless generations proceeding from him. With the moials
of the people, their industry also is destroyed. For in a
warm climate, no man will labor for himself who can make
another labor tor him. This is so true, that ot the propiie-
tois of slave® a veiy small propoition indeed are ever scon
to labor. And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure
when we haveiemoved their only firm basis, a conviction
in the minds of tlie people that tneir liberties are the gift of
I God?—that they are not to be violated but with his wiarh?
! Indeed I tremble for my countiy, when I reflect that God is
I just: that His ju-tiee cannot fleep forever: that considering
i numbers, nature, and natural means only, a revolution ol
' the wheel of foi tune, an exchange of situation, is among
possible events; that it may become probable by supernatu-
ral inteiference! The Almighty has no attubute which can
take side with us in such a contest "
That, sir, is Thomas Jefferson, " the Apostle of
American democracy," whose motto was—a motto
which commends itself to the instincts of every
honest heart, more particularly when applied to
himself—"Resistance to tyrants is obedience to
God."
There, sir, is pictured the venerable form of the
father of his country, (pointing to the portrait of
Washington*) whose image we have thought prof-
itable to have before our constant contemplation;
the most perfect purely-human character that ever
did live, or ever will, in the tide of time. What
did he say? I quote from 12th volume Sparks's
Writings of Washington, page 326. Writing from
"Philadelphia, he says:
" From what I have said, you will perceive that the present
prices of lands in Pennsylvania are higher than they arc in
AlfKyland and yirginia, although thify are not of superior
quality."
And, after enumerating several other auxiliary
causes'for this, he adds:
" And because there are laws here for the gradual aboli-
tion of slavery, which neither of the two States above-men-
tioned have at present, but which nothing is more .certain
than that they must have, and at a period not remote."
Ag§in,m writing to John F. Mercer, September
9,1786, Writings of Washington, vol. 9, p^ge 159,
the father of his country says:
" I never mean, unless some particular circumstances
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by purchase}
it being among my first wishes to see some plan adopted, by
which slavery in this country may be abolished by law."
Here, sir, what is this? An abolition news-
paper? No, sir; the Richmond Enquirer for the
year 1832, containing the record of one of the ablest
and most eloquent debates which it has ever been
my privilege to peruse, as it occurred in the Vir-
ginia House of Delegates of that year. Slavery
no evil? Listen, sir, to the testimony of Virginia
on this question, as given in that debate.
Honorable James McDowell, then a member
of the Virginia House of Delegates, lately Gover-
nor of that ancient Commonwealth, and now a
member of this House, said:
" Who, sir, that looks at this property as a legigfl^tor, and
marks its effects upon our national advance, but weeps over
it as the worst of patrimonies ? Who that looks at this un-
happy bondage of an unhappy people in the midst of our
society, and thinks of its incidents, and its issues, but weeps
over as a curse upon him who inflicts, as upon him who
suffers it?" ' * * " Slavery has come down to us from
ou,r fathers, and the question now is, Shall we, in turn,
hand it over to our children ? Hand it over to them aggra-
vated in eveiy attribute of evil? Shall we perpetuate the
calamity we deplore, and become to posterity, the objects,
not of kindness but of cursing ?" * * * " If gentlemen
do not see nor feel the evil ot slavery whilst this Federal
Union lasts, thev will see and feel it when it is gone ; they
will see, and suffer it, then, in a magnitude of desolating
power to which the 'pestilence thatwalketh at noonday'
would, be a blessing—to which the malaria that is now
threatening extinction to the ' Eternal City,5 as the proud one
of the Pontiffs and the Ca'sars is called, would be as re-
freshing and as balmy as the first bieathof spung to the
chamber of disease.'" * * * " ft has been frankly and
unequivocally declared from the very commencement of this
debate, by the most decided enemies of abolition themselves
as well as otheis, that this property is an ' mi'—that it is a
dangerous piopeity. Yes, sir, so dangerous has it been
represented to be, even bv those who desire to retain it, that
wo have been reproached foi speaking of it otherwise than
ill fireside whispt$>; leproacheil for entertaining debate upotr
it in this hall; ana "the di&cijssion of it with open doors anc
to the general ear has been charged upon us as avc!imax o'*
rashness and folly, which threatens issues of calamity to our
country."
Thomas Marshall (of Fauquier county) said:
"Wherefore, then, object to slavery ? Because it is ruin-
ous to the whites, retards improvement, roots out an indus-
tuous ^population, banishes the yeomanry of the country,
deprives the spinner, the weaver, the smith, the shoemaker,
the carpcntcr, of employment and support. The evil admits
of no remedy, it is increasing, and will continue to in-
crease, until the whole country will become inundated with
one black wave, covering its whole extent, with a few white
faces here and there floating on the surface. There is no
diversity of occupations, no incentive to enterprise. Labor
of every species is disputable, because performed mostly
by slaves. Our towns are stationary, our villages almost
everywhere declining, and the general aspect of the coun-
try murks the curse of a wasteful, idle, reckless population,
who have no interest in the soil, and care not how much it
is impoverished. Public improvements are neglected, and
the entire continent does not present a region for which na-
ture h<is done so much and art so little."
Henry Berry (of Jefferson county) said:
" Sir, I believe that no cancer in the physical body was
ever more certain, steady, and fatal, in its progress, than is
this cancer on the political body of the State of Virginia. It
is eating into her veiy vitals."
Philip A. Boiling- (of Buckingham county) said:
il Highmmded men should disdain to hold their iellow-
creatures as articles of traffic—disregarding all ,the ties of
blood and affection, tearing asunder all tliose sympathies
dear to men, dividing husbands and wives, parent* and
childien, as they would cut asunder a piece of cotton cloth.'?
Mr. Brodnax, House of Delegates, Virginia:
" It is a mildew which has blighted in its course every te- ^
gion it has touched, from the creation of the world." *
I Mr. Summers, House of Delegates, Virginia,
February 14 and 16, speaking in reference to mem-
bers from Western Virginia:
" We claim hut the right to attempt the defence of our
people from what they themsleves [eastern Virginians] have
acknowledged in this debate to be the sorest curse which
offended Deity ever visited upon a sinning people.
" Labor becomes dishonorable, because it is the business
of a slave; and when industry is made dishonorable or un-
fashionable, vntue is attacked in her strongest citadel.
" Rut, sir, the evils of this system cannot be enumerated.
It were unnecessary to attempt it. They glare upon us at
eve,ry step. When the owner looks to his wasted estate,
he knows and feels them When a statesman examines
the condition of his country, and finds Iter moral influence
gone, herphysical strength diminished, her political power
waning, he sees and must confess them. They may be
