1847.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
viewed written on a nation's map. Contrast the condition
of the southern States with that vvkich those of the north
and middle present."
Mr. Garland, House of Delegates, April 17:
« The evils of slavery have again and again been presented
in bold relief to the notice of the House. It requires no aid
from the imagination to describe them. They are both seen
arid felt: seen in the ruin of our best hopes—feit in the
deadening oppression-by which the swelling energies of our
State die .kept down." "Like a pestilence, it has swept
over our land, withering and blighting whatever it breathed
upon."
Mr. Moore, House of Delegates, April 19:
"Permit me now, sir, to direct your attention to some of
the evils of slavery. In the first place, I shall confine my
remarks to such of those evils as affect the white population
■exclusively; and even in that pointof view I think that sla-
very as it exists among u«, inay.be regarded as the heaviest
calamity which has ever befallen any portion of the human
race." " Tall and thick forests of pine are everywhere to
be seen encroaching upon the uncultivated fields. The very
spot on which our ancestors landed a little more than two
hundred years ago, appears to be on the eve of again becoming
the haunt of wild animals. No man can don bt, sir, but that
the deterioration in the appearance of the country is owing
mainly to the careless manner in which the soil is cultivated
by slaves, and the indolence of the white population; nor
can we hesitate to ascribe the flourishing condition of the
non-slaveholding States, which aie everywhere covered
with Ifigjily cultivated fauns, thriving villages, and -an in-
dustrious white.population, to the absence of slavery."
I might extend these extracts of a similar char-
acter, from Randolph and Falkner and others, until
they swelled into a volume; but these are sufficient.
" Out of your own mouths" we have judged the
question; and you yourselves have proclaimed it
•an evil which even your own eloquence, dealing in
" thoughts that breathe and words that burn,*' is
inadequate to describe.
Now, sir, we all well lemember, when the pres-
ent Minister of the United States at Brazil (Mr.
Wise) was about to leave this country for his
residence at the Court to which he was accredited,
he addressed., to his constituents, and the people
of Virginia, a letter, deploring the absence of com-
mon-school instruction and the facilities of general
education in that Commonwealth, and exhorting
them -to tax themselves, and remove that reproach
to which they have been subject. Sir, he did not
penetrate to the root of this evil. It lies here: the
common school is impossible in a slaveholding com-
munity. You may appropriate your section No.
sixteen; you may give school lands, and raise
school funds; and yet you never can have a gen-
eral common-school system in such a community,
because the sparseness of a slave population is such
that vou cannot get together a sufficient number of
white children to constitute a school, upon an area
small enough to enable them to walk to a given or
central point within it.
By refeience to the census returns of 1840, I
-find, that among white persons over twenty years
of age, in the free States, only one in forty-seven
cannot read and write; while of the same class, m
the slave States, one in every fourteen cannot read
and write; and this, in the face of the fact, that the
free States have received nearly the whole Europe-
an emigration to the country. I mention this not
as a reproach; but I hold it up as a beacon to guide
us to duty, and warn us of danger.
Now, it is from this evil that I wish to save
California. I wish to save it from the practical
operation of a close aristocracy, such as is virtu-
ally found in a large portion of the slaveholding
States of this Confederacy, where the masses are
the uninstructed and unjuaging tools of the dema-
gogue—the mere serfs of their aristocratic politi-
cians, and necessarily so for the want of common-
school instruction: a want which is inevitable,
from the nature of their institutions.
Sir, I have taken the liberty of extracting a por-
tion of the legislation of one of the States of this
Union, not to reproach that legislation, not to com-
plain of it as unnecessary, (for I believe it to be
necessary,) but to show the character of the sys-
tem which makes it necessary:
" An act to amend the laws in relation to Mhvp,<? and free
persons of color.—December 13, 1834.
" Sec. 1. Beit enacted by the honorable the Senate and House
of Rcpi esentatives, no'.o met and sitting in General Jl&seinbly,
and by the authority of the same, If any person shall hereafter
teach any slave to read or write, or shall aid or assist in
teaching any slave to read or wnte, or cause or procure any
slave to be taught to read or write, such person, if a free
white person, upon conviction thereof, shall, for each and
every offence against tins act, be fined not exceeding one
hunted dollars., and imprisoned not more than six months,"
'&c.—^Statutes of South Carolina, vol. 7, j>. 468.
Now, sir, I do not say that this is unnecessary,
or that it-is the product of extraordinary cruelty of
disposition. I do not go consider it; I believe that
it is the necessary incident of the system. But I
ask the -men, northern men, representing freemen,
and them alone, what do you think of the system
•which makes it necessary ? Should we be instru*-
mental in implanting this system upon the shores
of the Pacific ? Shall we not avail ourselves of
the first opportunity of recording our votes against
•implanting such a system there?—a system which
renders it necessary for humane, learned, and gen-
tlemanly men, to put out the eyes of the human
mind, to extinguish the light of science, and to
close, and seal up, the oracles of the living God,
against more than two millions of human beings!
Did these men legislate with unnecessary cruelty?
I don't believe it. It is a necessary incident of the
system. And now it is proposed to implant that
system upon soil now uncursed with the institu-
tion: free. I ask northern men (by northern men
I mean free-state men; it is the shortest way of
getting at it; no matter whether from the East or
West) to go home to their constituents, and tell
them of the fact, that they have refused to avail
themselves of the first opportunity to put a stop to
the encroachments of this system, and read them
this statute as the enactment of learned, humane,
Christian men; the necessary incident of the sys-
tem itself. No, sir; no, sir; I do not appeal ex-
clusively to the sentiment of fear, or of regard for
their constituents, high as it may be; I ask them
to put it to their consciences; 1 ask them to re-
member that not only political life, but natural
Jife, ends; and that alter death 1 will not say
what; but there is such a thing, as right and
wrong; and though I make no pretensions to ex-
traordinary sanctity, by no means, or conscien-
tiousness, yet there are some wrong3 so great I
cannot consent to commit them;/some rights-so
sacred, that I cannot consent to be instrumental in
their violation.
But, sir, an honorable member, for whom I en-
tertain a high respect, [Mr. Cobb,] fron? Georgia,
put to us some questions. He says to us, " Where
is the spirit of compromise?" I answer him by
anothei question: Where was the spirit of com-
promise when the admission of Texas was the
subject-matter of discussion in these halls ?
He says to us, I will not ask you to do any-
thing which 1 would not deem reasonable under
similar circumstances for you to ask me to do.
When a new acquisition was to be made of Texas,
a small portion of that country settled, and a great
balance of wilderness, did I not ask him, did not
northern men conjure the South, most earnestly,
and by everything they could use as sacred ana
persuasive, to yield to the spirit of compromise,
and give -us a small portion of the territory ? We
did. And did they yield? They were as deaf as
an adder to our appeals. They esteemed it a suf-
ficient answer to tell us that this was slave terri-
tory; that it was legally slave teriitory, though it
was unsettled, the most of it. They would yield
to no division. Now, it might be, and will be,
with the people of the free States a sufficient an-
swer to say to them, this is free territory; you shall
not implant slavery there.
Northern men who shrink fiom this question,
ask us how can California bccome slave territory
when it is now free ? In reply, I ask them how
Texas became slave territory, long before the
Texan revolution, although it was, by law of
Mexico, free? It was by slave emigration^ sir: by
the creation of a vested interest in slaves, which
could not be interfered with. So, sir, if we fail m
our duty, so will it be with California. But, say
gentlemen again, wait until we get California. 1
answer, we have got it. It is in our possession; it
is thousands of miles distant from the cential
power of Mexico; and, in addition to the emi-
grants before there, a thousand more .armed emi-
grants under Colonel Stevenson, of New York,
have before this time esiablished themselves within
it. It can never be retaken, and it is to all intents
and purposes ours.
We are told, sir, that the introduction of this
proviso will injure the Democratic party. Pray,
what is the Democratic party ? Is it a combina-
tion of office-seekers for the purpose of securing a
monopoly of " the loaves and fishes?" or is it an
association of honest men for the preservation of
the great principles of liberty and of right? I have
always supposed it to be the latter; and still sup-
pose so. If I have been mistaken in this supposi-
tion, it is of but little moment what becomes of the
party. But is 'not the success of the Democratic
party in the free States a matter worthy of some
consideration ? For years, southern gentlemen have
been permitted to shape our party issues for their
own convenience, and have been floating upon ;the
current of popular sentimen t at home, andatourex-
pense. Are we to be required to father every wrong
and outrage they may see proper to propose, and
eternally to combat the inborn sentiments and na^
tive instincts of our people for their benefit ? If we
must descend to partisan considerations in connec-
tion with a question which ought to be and will
prove to be above all party influences, I tell you,
sir, the adoption of the principle of the "Wilmot
proviso" is the only way to save the Democratic
partv of the free States. Let the Democratic party
of the free States, as a party, plant themselves i#
opposition to this principle, and jthey aie destined
to defeat and doomed to a position in the minority,,
from the confines of Iowa to the extremity of
Maine. And this is not the worst of it, sir: they
will deserve their fate.
Sir, I must hasten to a conclusion. I repeat the
declaration with which I set out. This is no
question of abolition. We propose to abolish
slavery nowhere. We propose to infringe upon
no vested right, nor vested wrong. We propose
not to interfere with slavery in any District, or Ter-
ritory, or State of this Union where it now exists;
nor with the compromise of 1821. What we do
propose is, sir, that the treasure, and the influence,
and the character, and the blood of this country,
shall not be used to plant slavery where it does
not now exist, and where it cannot exist except
by the act of this Government. Sir, are we to
become the propagandists of slavery? Look at
that coin, [holding up a half dollar.] What is its
u image and superscription ?" Liberty, sir; liberty.
Shall we erase it, and stamp the odious opposite
word in its stead—Slavery ? Or shall we make it
a coined, current, and circulating lie, a falsehood,
wherever, in any portion of the habitable globe, the
wants and conveniences of commerce sliail circu-
late and carry it, by becoming propagandists of
slavery where it has now no existence? Answer
me that. How eloquent have been denunciations,
how deep the indignation of the people of many
portions of the civilized world, ourselves included,
against the "holy alliance," or the combination
of European monarchs, banded together for the
purpose of prohibiting the spread of free principles,
and maintaining those of despotism! And yet
even they did not propose to introduce domestic
servitude. And shall we get ahead of the tyrants
of Europe in the race, by making our arms and
our power the instruments of spreading the insti-
tution of slavery over what is now free soil, in
comparison of which the despotism of Europe is
mild and merciful!
Sir, these appeals of mine may not influence a
single mind upon this floor. They may fall upon
ears deaf, impenetrable. Thank God, there is a
tribunal above, beyond this House! and while this
discussion may be claimed to be premature for the
purpose of those who would skulk from duty, it will
be sufficient to arouse the public mind to action.
This Congress cannot finally settle this question.
The public raind of the North will be inoculated
by this discussion—the people of the free States
will be aroused to such an expression of their in-
bred sentiments as will be heard and felt. They
have long been smothered by the weight of poli-
ticians governed by motives of expediency. That
weight is now removed. It shall issue forth. It
may prove a fountain of life to those who are loyal
to their principles; but 1 am no prophet if it does
not prove an eruption of angry, surging;, blasting,
scorching, annihilating lava to every politician who
dare prove recreant to his trust, and place himself
in opposition to their inbred and well-known sen-
timents.
Sir, I regret, I extremely regret, that my ability is
so humble, my strength so feeble, my recollection
so imperfect, as to render it impossible for me to
give adequate expression to the feelings which in-
spire me. It is my fate, and I must submit to it.
It is in vain for gentlemen to threaten me with
the vengeance of the powers that be. We have,
I know, a southern Administration, a southern
" Organ." It has been so for a long time: no mat-
ter about that, however. Intent only upon the
performance of duty, I disregard it all. In mea-
suring myself with others, sir, I see that my fac-
ulties are too feeble to permit me to aspire to any
great poetical .distinction. This feeble body ad-
