1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S8£
the Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Whereupon, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 11, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate the following letter from one of the re-
porters of the Union. The letter was laid on the
table:
To the Hon. G. M. Dallas, Vice President
of the United States and President of the Senate:
Sir: A resolution having been, on yesterday, introduced
into the Senate to expel the reporters of the Union, for
alleged partiality and injustice in the repoit of the proceed-
ings of the Senate of the 8th instant, upon the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill to raise tor a limited time an ad-
ditional military force, and for other purposes, I deem it
my duty respectfully to .slate :
That the reports of the proceedings of Congress for the
Union are exclusively under my management, and aie pie-
pared by myself and as.sist<into, without any specific dnec-
tions or interference on rhe part of the editor of the paper,
who never sees them, or any poiuon of them, until they
are published:
That the report in question was prepared by one of my
assistants, who used his own discretion 111 making it up, and
being somewhat pressed for time, omitted to give tite re-
marks of any of thespeakeis in the debate referied to. The
remarks of one of the speakers (Mr. Cass) which appeared,
were sent to the office by the honorable Senator himself, and
were incorporated into the repoit by the foreman, without
any knowledge on the part of the leportcrs, who were not
apprized of the fact until they appealed in print:
That it has betjn usual, when space couid be affoided, to
publish the lemaik&of any Senator, without reference to
political considerations, when those lemarkshave been sent
to the^ffice by such Senator with a special request that they
should be published. This practice prevailed to a consid-
erable extent at the last, and has prevailed to a more limited
extent at the present session.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES A. HOUSTON.
Washington, February 11, 1847.
* Mr. MOREHEAD presented the memorial of
the legal representatives of Charles Porterfield, de-
ceased, an officer in the revolutionary army, pray-
ing to be allowed his bounty land and commutation
pay, and the reimbursement of advances made by
him for the public service.
Mr. M., on presenting this memorial, stated
that Charles Porterfield was an officer in the Vir-
ginia line during the war of the Revolution, in
which he was severely wounded. The State ot
Virginia, to reward his services, granted him six
thousand acres of land in Kentucky. This tract
became the subject of litigation, in consequence of
its being brought in contact with.a treasury-warrant
title of General G. Rogers Clark. In the year 1786
the United States made a treaty with the Chickasaw
Indians, by which these lands were rescued from
settlement for a specified term of years. The lands
granted to Porterfield were shut up by this treaty;
and the ultimate consequence was the defeat of his
title, and all the military titles m that State. Suit
was brought in the Federal court of Kentucky
against Porterfield, and it was decided against him.
The case was then earned up to the Supreme
Court, and the decision was affirmed. Therefore,
the representatives of Porterfield had determined
to apply to Congress to make good the loss thus
sustained. At the last session this petition was
presented, but as it was too late to be acted on, by
his (Mr. M.'s) advice it was withdrawn, and was
now again presented. It had been intrusted to
him, he presumed, rather than to his friend from
Virginia, because he had been one of Porterfield's
counsel in the case, and was therefore supposed to
be more familiar with the facts. He moved the
reference of the memorial to a select committee,
and the motion having been agreed to, the appoint-
ment of a committee of five Senators was ordered
to be made by the Chair.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of citizens of
New York, praying the adoption of pacific meas-
ures for the speedy termination of the war with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. UPHAM presented a petition of citizens of
Chelsea, Vermont, praying an alteration in the
rates of newspaper postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MANGUM presented the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
inquire into the necessity for an increase of the
rank and file of the marine corps; and also into the
expediency of enabling the commandant of this
corps to afford the instruction and discipline neces-
sary for the recruits before being detached upon
active and distant service.
Mr. FAIRFIELD submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making remuneration to the officers and seamen of
the United States ship Boston, lately lost on one of
the Bahama islands.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
Patents, to which had been referred the joint reso -
lution for the relief of John and Charles Bruce,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom had been referred the petition of
James Ebaro, keeper of the public archives in
Florida, made an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated that the
first business m order was the question on the ap-
peal, taken by the Senator from North Carolina,
from the decision of the Chair m reference to the
resolutions offered yesterday by the Senator from
Florida.
The VICE PRESIDENT then asked the indul-
gence of the Senate while he assigned the grounds
upon which his decision rested. He had devoted
much thought and research to the subject sincc the
adjournmentyesterday, and the result was that he
was confirmed in the opinion that his decision was
the only one which he could properly make. This
resolution, in his judgment, fell clearly within the
rule requiring resolutions to lie over one day, when
their consideration, on the day of presentation,
was objected to. This opinion was enforced by
arguments and precedents at some length.
Mr. BADGER stated, that in making his mo-
tion for an appeal from the decision of yesterday,
he desired distinctly to disavow any intention to
offer disrespect to the Presiding Officer. His feel-
ings towards that distinguished officer were, on
the contrary, those of entire respect; and he had
now listened with the greatest attention to the ar-
gument which had just proceeded from the Chair.
He believed that it contained the strongest view
which could be presented of the reasons which
had induced him to make his decision. But, with
the most profound respect, he (Mr. B.) must be
permitted to say that he had discerned nothing in
it which tended at all to diminish the force of his
objection to that decision. It appeared to be the
view of the Chair, that when a matter of privilege
could be brought under the rule of the Senate, it
was entitled to precedence over all other business;
but where it was against that rule, it could have
no precedence—or, m other words, matters of
privilege could not override a rule of the Senate.
To this view he gave his hearty and cntiie concur-
j rence. But the question now before the Senate
was as to the construction of a rule. This case
could only be brought before the Senate in the
shape of a resolution. Any insult offered to the
j Senate must be brought under its cognizance by a
! resolution; and the question is, whether such cases
! were intended to be included in the meaning of the
rule. If so, he was bound to admit that the par-
liamentary law, which controlled all legislative
bodies—the only law we know—the law which
operates at the other end of the Capitol—the law
which we have derived from our fathers—is en-
tirely inoperative here. The Senate, may adopt
' any rules it may see fit for the government of this
body. But should anything occur which is be-
yond the reach of these rules, it must be presented
to the Senate for its prompt action.
That the House of Representatives had no rule
which required that a resolution should not be con-
sidered on the day when it is presented, was a fact
which did not in any way contravene his view of
the question. The House has its own laws, and
these laws are inflexible. There, a resolution
cannot be submitted without unanimous consent,
or, if objected to, by a vote of two-thirds of that
body. Yet, whenever a privileged question arises
in the House, all other business gives way: how-
ever important the subject occupying its attention
may be, it yields to the question which involves
the safety of the body. He thought the case re-
ferred to by the Chair of the resolution submitted
last session, by the Senator from Tennessee, de-
cided nothing more than that the opinion of the
Presiding Officer was then the same as it is now,
and as no one raised the question, it had no force
in this case.
Mr. WEBSTER. "Was it announced as a ques-
tion of privilege?
Mr. BADGER thought it was not. If all agreed
that the subject should lie over, there was nothing
in that case to shake his argument. But he woula
refer to another authority which indicated what
the decision of the Chair should be in matters of
privilege. Mr. B. then quoted from the Manual
the passage relating to the power of the body to
interfere in any quarrels between any of its mem-
bers. He then put the case of a quarrel between
two members of the Senate—which he was almost
ashamed to state even by way of hypothesis—and
the Senate had to take order for its suppression; or
suppose disorderly persons in the gallery or the
lobby were to disturb the proceedings of the Sen-
ate—the rule says there can be no action on a res-
olution to punish it; what course then remains to
be taken to terminate the disorder? "Would it not
be necessary that any question pending before tlio
Senate must give way, and the question of privilege
be taken up ? It would not do in such cases to say
the resolution must lie over until to-morrow; or if
a motion was made to expel, or' take a person in
custody, any Senator could require the motion to
be put in writing, then it became a resolution, and
a single objection postpones its consideration until
the following day. So if any case of grievance
has now occurred, it is to be laid over for one day
before it can be considered. The power is a pre-
ventive power, and will always be so considered.
Mr. SEVIER cailed for the special order.
This being objected to—
Mr. S. persisted, and called for the yeas and
nays.
the PRESIDING OFFICER remarked, that he
' considered that the question now before the Senate
superseded every other question.
Mr. SEVIER said he regretted very much that
the Senator from Ohio should be prevented from
j proceeding to address the Senate upon the subject
of the special order; and if it were in order to do
so, he would move to postpone this question until
to-morrow morning.
Mr. BADGER said he believed there was no
sort of objection that the question of appeal should
lie over, but it might be a different thing in regard
to the question of privilege..
Mr. CORWIN begged the Senator from Arkan-
sas to understand, that he had no desire at all to in-
terrupt the progress of the decision of this question.
If his own personal inclinations were consulted,
the Senate would proceed immediately to determine
it in its own way, and in its own time.
Mr. WEBSTER remarked, that the rule which
was proposed to be enforced against the immediate
consideration of these resolutions was not\)f early
origin. Some Senators now present would remem-
ber the general reasons for its introduction. Among
the considerations (and perhaps not the least im-
portant) which led to the adoption of this rule re-
quiring resolutions to lie over for one day, was the
practice, which, within the last fifteen or twenty
years, had so much increased m the Senate, of ma-
king calls upon the departments. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina, who so long and
with so much propriety and dignity presided over
the deliberations of this body, would, he was sine,
bear him out in saying, that this was the main
object for the introduction of the rule which had
been adverted to. [Mr. Calhoun nodded assent.]
Beyond this, resolutions were often introduced,
proposing or relating to subjects of great public
importance; introductory to important acts of le-
gislation; laying down principles for the imposi-
tion of duties, for the regulation of the currency,
and other matters of great publie moment. But
he supposed that the only difficulty that there
was in this case at all arose from a little inappre-
hcnsion in the manner in which the paper which
was sent to the Chair was drawn by the honorable
Senator from Florida. It was in its nature, and
properly should so have been called by its title, an
order. If it had begun with the word "ordered,"
instead of "resolved," there would not have been
the slightest ground for postponement for a single
hour. All the cases which had been cited yester-
day and this morning by the honorable Senator
