1847.
TUB congressional GLOBE.
883
man, T. Butler King, Leib, Long, Maclay, McCIernand,
McDameJ, Jos. J. McDowell, James McDowell, McHenry,
McKav, Retfe, Scammon, Seaman, Thos. Smith, St, John,
Thomas?on, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Wick, Williams,
Woodruff, and VVoodworth—46,
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashmun, Bedinger, Jamps A.
Black, Blanehard, Burt, Carroll, Chase, Cobb,Cocke, Cran-
ston, Cullom, Culver, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin. Edwin
H. Ewing, Ficklin, Foot, Giles, Hale, E. B. Holmes, Hop-
kins, George S. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Washington
Hunt, Josepti It. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Seaborn Jones, Pieston King, Lawrence, Leake, La Sere,
Levin, Ligon, Lumpkin, McClelland, McGaughey, Barklev
Martin, Motse, Moseley, Moulton, Newton, Niven, Norris,
Owen, Pendleton, Peny, Putin, Pillsbury, Pollock, Bathbuu,
Held, Kobeits, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawtellc,
Sawyer, Severance, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Suns,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Si-
phons, Stewart, Benjamin Thompson, Towns, Vance,
Wentworth, Wheaton. Wmtlirop, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—78.
So the House decided that the special order
should not be postponed.
And the question recurring on the motion of
Mr. Ashmun to lay the resolution on the table,
Mr. COCKE moved that the special order be
postponed in order to take up the business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKERdecided the motion outof order,
a motion to postpone having just been rejected.
And the question again recurring on the motion
that the resolution be laid on the table,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL so modified the reso-
lution as to read Saturday at three o'clock.
Mr. WINTHROP moved Tuesday next.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL submitted that the
amendment was not in order, because he had
moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER replied that the demand had
not been heard by the Chair.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he had distinctly
made it.
Some conversation followed.
The question on the motion to lay the resolution
on the table was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashmun, Barringer, James A.
Bla^k, Blanehard, Bufiington, Brut, William W.Campbell,
Carroil, J. G. Chapman, Cocke, Cottrell, Cranston, Crozier,
Culver, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Edwin H.Ewing,Foot, Giles,
Graham. Grinnd!, Grxjver, Hale, Hampton, Harper, lleriry,
Eiias B. Holmes, S. D. Hubbaid, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Hunter, Joseph R. Ingeit-oll, Jenkins, Kaufman, Daniel P.
King, Preston King, Thomas Butler King, Leake, La Seie,
Long, Maclay, McClelland, James McDowell, MtGaughey,
Mt?Henry, Marsh, Morse, Moseley, Newton, lViidletou,
Pollock, Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Runk, Seaman, Seddou, Severance, Simpson, Truman
Smith, Albeit Smith, Thomas Smith, C B. Suiith, Stephens,
Stewart, Thibodaux. Thomson, Benjamin Thompson,Til-
df n, Toombs, Vance, Vinton. Wentvvorth, Winthrop, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodwaid, and Young—84.
NAYS—-Messrs. Stenhea Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bcdniijer, Benton, Bigg^, Bovvdon, William G. Blown, Catli-
cart, Cha e, Chiptnaii, Cobb, Collin, Culloin, Cummins, De
Mntt, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dromgooie.Dunlap, Edsnll,Ellett,
EiMvorth, Erdman, Faran, Fieklm, 6arvm, Hastings, Hen-
ley, Hoge, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Hungerford, James
B! Hunt, Charles, J. Ingersoll, James II. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Lawrence,
Leffler, Lcib, Lumpkin, McCIernand, McDaniel, Joseph J.
MeDowell, McKay, Moulton, Niven, Perry, Pillsbury, Rpid,
Relf'e, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Alex-
ander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Robert Smith, Stanton,
St. John, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway,
Wick:, Williams, and VVoodworth—71.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. C J. INGERSOLL, the
House then resolved itself into Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Norris, of
New Hampshire, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill to appropriate three mil-
lions of dollars to enable the President to enter
upon negotiations for the restoration of peace with
Mexico.
Mr. DOBBIN next addressed the committee as
follows:
Mr, Chairman: I do not rise upon this occasion
for the purpose of republishing' another edition of
the history of the Mexican war. Its origin, its
rise, and its progress, are familiar to the humblest
cottager of the country as well as the most active
politician in the capital. The fame of those gal-
lant soldiers who fought and achieved the brilliant
■victories of Monterey and Resaca de la Palma has
crossed the confines of our own republic, and
has elicited the applause and admiration of the
mightiest Powers on earth.
But, Mr. Chairman, there ii a war of recent
origin; upon the origin, the rise, and the progress
of which, I do propose to make some remarks this
morning. I mean the war recently waged upon
the reputation, the constitutional rights, and domes-
tic institutions of the southern Stales. An honor-
able geritleman from New York [Mr. Strong] the
other day, who had the manly independence and
the patriotism to oppose that war, concerning which
I now purpose to speak, announced to this House,
that if the manner m which this belligerant proposi-
tion originated, and the circumstances under which
it was brought to light, could 'be made a matter of
public history, it would at once be curious, enter-
taining, and amusing; for, according to the insinua-
tions, or, perhaps, the positive affirmations, that
have been made, gentlemen were so solemnly im-
pressed with the magnitude of this movement, that,
although many of the forces of our northern friends
were secretly combined in th£ alliance; yet, that it
soon became apparent it was a matter of too mo-
mentous importance for the public to suppose for
a day that one man alone was its projector. It is
said, therefore, that while one distinguished gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Grover] advised
this proposition, another gentleman fromOhio [Mr.
Brinkerhofp] wrote, and another distinguished
gentleman, from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,]
introduced it.
Before 1 reply, Mr. Chairman, to the untenable
pretexts promulged on this floor, in justification
of this unnecessary aud inexcusable assault;"be-
fore I say anything in regard to my defensive ope-
rations; before I begin to vindicate the reputation
and the constitutional rights of the South, which I
think have here been unjustlyand cruelly assailed,
I propose to make a few remarks upon the pecu-
liar and curious manner—the very peculiar and cu-
rious manner, in which this war lias thus far been
conducted.
At the last session of Congress, this warlike
manifesto Jirst made its appearance; an adjourn-
ment took place, and the achievements were thus
far 44 bloodless;" We indulged the hope that the
war was over; but it seems that this was only
the ending of the first campaign. On a mem-
orable occasion, a few weeks since, when all was
calm and quiet; when no cloud of'domestic dis-
cord obscured the horizon; when no man dream-
ed of the renewal of these hostilities, an honor-
able gentleman from New York [Mr. King] ap-
peared upon the stage, clad in the habiliment,
| the amiable and inoffensive habiliment, of a " per-
sonal explanation," and with a countenance that
always seems as if " his thoughts were turned on
peace," he pioclaimed to us that his u voice" was
" still for war;" and that the armistice which we
thought was in existence, was to end, and the war
to be prosecuted with vig;or.
But, Mr. Chairman, without intending anything
unkind to the honorable and distinguished gentle-
men who seem to have acted thus far as the generals
in this warlike campaign, 1 cannot refrain from
alluding to the.manner in which they have made
the distribution of the various duties among the
generals who have commanded their forces. The
honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr. Rath-
bun,] who advocated this proposition, announced
to us, in the most solemn and deliberate manner,
that slavery was an evil; that it was a blighting
cuise, and a great calamity; and, m an eloquent
burst of indignation, proclaimed that any north-
ern man who dared here to countenance the ex-
tension of slave territory, would be swept away
by a tornado from the North. Yea, sir; his elo-
quence mounted still higher: he said that such a
one would he destroyed u by thunder manufac-
tured at the North, second only to the thunder of
the Creator himself!" Well, Mr. Chairman, after
proceeding thus far, it was very surprisingtosome
—but not to all—that that same honorable gen-
tleman, who denounced slavery as this blighting
curse, mildew, calamity, and misfortune, wound
up his speech by telling us, that if toe would agree
that our slaves should not be included in the dppor-
tloninent of representatives, toe might go, and welcome,
into any territory with them ! Ah, Mr. Chairman !
did not that experienced and dexterous debater
for a moment forget that thunder which he previous-
ly declared would destroy any man who counte-
nanced the extension of slave territory? Did he
not forget, that when he put himself in the posi-
tion of countenancing this extension of slave ter-
ritory, whether it carried with it political power
or not, he rendered himself liable to the thunders,
if any such exist, which he said were prepared
for gentlemen who gave their support to such a
proposition? Did he not forget that, by thus agree-
ing to consent that this slave territory might be
extended, on the conditions he mentioned, he came
wilhiii the operation of this terrible tornado and north-
ern thunder? I agree that he said he spoke for
himself alone. But the setme honorable gentleman,
in the same speech, proceeded to allude to the
proposition of the Governor of Virginia, to become
relieved of their free negroes by sending them to
the North, where so much sentimental sympathy
was professed for them. That proposition the
gentleman spurned with scorn and indignation;
and, instead of generously opening northern doors
to admit the free negro, ana relieve him-from the
cruel atmosphere of slavery, he denounced the
idea as almost an insult to the North.
Then, Mr. Chairman, I ask the House to attend
precisely to the character of the gentleman's speech.
He denounced slayery as a curse and an evil; pro-
claimed that northern thunder would destroy any
northern man who would countenance the exten-
sion of slave territory; and concluded by saying if
our slaves were not represented, he would not ob-
ject to its extension; and by denouncing'the idea
of receiving our free negroes at the North. So that
the sum and substance of his speech is, Unless you
agree that slaves shall not be counted in the appor-
tionment of representatives, your slaves shall not
go South, and your free negroes shall not go North.
That was the condition in which he would place
the South.
That was one course of argument; that was one
plan of the campaign adopted by the gentleman
from New York; which really seemed to dread the
political power more than it abhorred the slavery
of the South.
But the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Wilmot,] who was the author of this decla-
ration of warupun the reputation and constitutional
rights of the South,adopted a different course. He,
with somewhat vehement declamation, stated that
all he wanted, was, that the Government should
assume a position of " neutrality;'' and he capped
the chmax of his doctrine of neutrality, by intro-
ducing a positive proposition, inviting the Govern-
ment to mterfeiel The gentleman proceeded to
speak very kindly of the spirit of compromise; but
evinced his compromising spirit by advocating a
proposition which violates all the compromises of
the Constitution, and the Missouri compromise
also. He denounced the idea of allowing slavery
to make further aggressions upon the South, and
as he considered this " a matter of naked and ab-
stract right," he would have his shoulder drawn
from its socket, before " he would yield an inch.5'
Yet he stated as for himself, he had " no squeam-
ish sensibility," "no morbid sympathy" for the
slaves, and admitted that he had advocated the
nexation of Texas with slavery in it!
Political power, therefore, was the first weapon
used in the fight. Professed governmental" neu-
trality," explained to mean governmental interfe-
rence, was the second; but the third was brought
out yesterday; and then the honorable gentlemen
from Ohio [Mr. Brinrerhoff] and New York
[Mr. Woon] invoked the aid of our Saviour, as
one who " spake as never man spake," contended
that we could not dare to throw u the mantle of
Christianity around this curse,'' and proceeded, at
least one of them, m the most pious and affecting
manner, by a well digested course of reasoning, to
consign the hapless slaveholder to moral degrada-
tion in this world, and to eternal perdition in the
world to comc !
Before I proceed, then, Mr. Chairman, to reply
to the arguments used by these gentlemen, I take
the liberty of doing what I regret these gentlemen
did not do, of making at least a respectful allusion
to the Constitution. I have always thought, sir, it
was the pride and boast of Americans that we not
only lived in the enjoyment of the blessings of a
free Government, but that our rights, our prop-
erty, and happiness, are protected by a written
Constitution, which we are all taught to regard as
sacred and inviolable; a Constitution written by
the same hands that had just wielded the sword in
the cause, of human freedom; a Constitution dic-
tated by hearts burning with an ardent love of
liberty, and just released from the thraldom of
tyranny. And when a wise legislator—one who
appreciates his responsibility as a representative,
and his rights as a citizen—is invited into a new
field of legislation, he turns to the pages of the
Constitution to learn whether he has the constitu-
tional right to act, before he proceeds to the subor-
dinate considerations of policy and expediency.
And, sir, if there ever was a question which should
call into exercise all our self-control, all our wis-
