£88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
604. ' In 1840, the number of slaves was 4,3%,
and of free colored persons 3,486: showing a
gradual decrease of the slave, and a vast increase
of'the free colored population. And the same re-
sult is shown throughout the whole State. Here
the black population are changing from a slave
treasure and the common blood of the whole Union,
should be set apart exclusively for the use and oc-
cupancy of a portion of her citizens? If you say
that this institution shall not be there, you prevent
the citizen of the slaveholding State from going
there. You might as well decree that no man from
population to a free colored population, and this ^ the slaveholding States should place his footsteps ,
*?.t . ,i    _ £< l -  u,„  U-.  nn nsflct imnn tViio yifiiijlif.u/iniin'/sfl iprrifnrv. Vrhat lustice. '
ithout the agency of law, but by causes beyond
all human control. .
It has been from a variety of causes, Mr. Chair-
man. "We have an open door to the North; we
have an open door to the South. _ As slave habor
has become of less value, our citizens, with their
property, have migrated to the cotton-growing
States;and we have thereby gradually been passing
off to the South a portion of this population. We
have also been making an effort, though a very
feeble one, to provide for our free colored population
a safe home and an asylum upon the continent from
which there fathers came. We do not hope ever,
upon this newly-acquired territory. What justice,
what reason, is there in thus putting a ban upon
him, when he, with you, alike contributes for its
acquisition ? . ,
Now, sir, in 1819 this great question engaged
the attention of Congress for a series of weeks. It
was discussed m all its bearings; and by common
consent, in which the South have since acquiesced,
the line of 36° 30' was agreed upon—that south of
that parallel of latitude should be given to the
South, and north of it exclusively to the North ;
that south of that line the institution of the South
should be permitted to prevail, and north of that
f.. . i •>11 t i..i  iv/r>. r^on..
str, to raise sufficient means to send to the coast or ;i ]jnc it should he excluded. I believe, Mr. Chan
Africa, all who may be able or willing to go; but |j man, that was a fair, a just, and an honorable corn-
all we have hoped, in our efforts to plant there the ji promise; and I believe that the same spirit which
colony which bears our name, is, that m the course j j animated the convention which gave to us our glo-
A « I 11 1 I . !   i n *1^ n Kid A)?'
of time, we shall make it as attractive to the black (
man, as our shores are to the oppressed white man j
of Europe. When we shall have done that, the
mission of our benevolence is at an end.
Now, I want, in reference to this question, that
the same cause that are bringing about this result,
slowly but surely, in Maryland, may be left to
operate upon the southern States; that you may
draw no "cordon" around them; that you may not
confine this population there, hut may permit them
to he diffused, both South and West: and I believe
in the course of centuries, (and with the great
Creator of the Universe "a day is as a thousand
years and athousand years as a day,") this institu-
tion will gradually travel down to the extreme
southwest, where this population will mingle with
the mixed population of Mexico, and meet there a
homogeneous race.
Mr. Chairman : If you draw this cordon around
the southern Statesand prohibit this propertytrom
beiftg taken into this great territory, what is the
inevitable result? You year after year increase
the disproportion between the black race and the
white in the States of the South. If you say that
this property shall not be earned there, the white j
man who owns no slaves, will go from the South; |
the white population will remove, but the slaves j
will be left; and year after year, if you believe this ,
institution to be an evil, you are magnifying its j
power to do harm, by increasing the disproportion j
between the two populations, and the predomi- ;
nance of the blacks. Diffuse it, and it is innocuous; j
create a large disproportion between the white j
and black population, and you make it a mighty |
weapon of evil. \
There is another view of this subject, Mr. Chair- j
man, apart from the constitutional question, winch j
appeals to the sense of justice of the northern por- j
tion of this Confederacy. By whom, if this tcrri- j
tory is to be acquired, is it to be purchased r By .
the whole Union. From whence comes the treas- i
ure to meet these extraordinary expenses? Prom !
the common treasury of the Union. Now, sir, that
is supplied in great part by the duties on the im-
ports of other countries.- Who pays for the im-
ports which are brought here, and which create the
revenue of your Government? What portion of ;
tjie Union furnishes the largest contributions to j
meet our debt in Europe? Why, sir, I find that j
in 1842 the exports of tlie domestic produce of our j
country amounted to $02,969,990; of which cotton, j
the exclusive product of the .South, gave $47,593,- j
464—nearly one-half. In 1843, the exports of this !
country amounted, speaking in round number?, to j
over $77,000,000; of which cotton contributed over i
$49,000,000. In 1844, the exports went up again to ;
$99,000,000; of which cotton gave $54,000,000: and ;
in 1845, the total amount was §99,000,000; of which i
cotton gave $51,000,000: the exports of cotton in j
all these years being more than one-half of the en- ]
tire domestic exports of the country.
Here, then, is the South, the slaveholding por-
tion of the community, furnishing more than one-
half of* the exports of our country; furnishing,
therefore, the medium in which more than one-half
of the imports of your country, upon which your
duties are levied, are paid for.
Now, Mr. Chairman, is there any justice, would
there be any justice, in declaring that the territory
which has thus been acquired with the common
nous Constitution—a convention over which pre-
sided George Washington—that the same spirit
that animated that convention in reference to the
compromises of the Constitution, animated the
Congress who decided upon the admission or Mis-
souri; and I believe it is the same spirit which will
animate the American people, when they come to
pass ultimately upon this great question.
Will it not be just in reference to this territory,
Mr. Chairman? 'it will nearly divide Upper Cali-
fornia and New Mexico, giving an equal poition
to the North and to the South. The reasons which
operated upon the Congress of 1819, are just as
imperative this day; the same sense of justice, the
same sense of respect for the compromises of the
Constitution, appeals to us now, as influenced the
statesmen of 1819. I know that in the discussion
of the Missouri question, one view was presented
by the South which is not presented, and which
cannot be, upon this occasion: but that does not
alter the reason of the thing. It was snid you had
notpiohibitcd slaves from being carried there when
Missouri was a territory; and because you had
riot, it would be unjust now to turn them away.
That was one of the reasons presented ot thattime,
which is not applicable now. Still, sir, it does not
alter the justice and ri<rht of the case. It was still
planted upon those great principles of compromise
and of justice which gave being, and which have
ever since given life and vitality, to the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. Chairman, since this question has origina-
ted in the North; sincc it has been permitted to
mingle in the discussions of Congress, it has done
much, I fear, to break up that brotherhood of feel-
ing, that unity of interest, which have heretofore
characterized the inhabitants of this extended coun-
try. It. has done much to destroy that community
of feeling and interest m the various sections of the
country, which, coming down to us as a rich leg-
acy from our fathers, should ever animate us, and
those who come after us, to the end of time.
And in this connexion, I will send to the Clerk's
table, and ask to be read, a portion of the parting
address of that man of whom one has so eloquently
said, that Providence had made him childless,
that a nation might call him father:"
The unity of government which constitutes you one peo-
ple, is al<o ever dear to you. ft is justly so; for it i< a mam
pillar in the edifice of your real independence; the support
of your irnnquilliry at home; your peace abroad : of your
safety, of vour prospeiity : of that very hbeitv which vou so
highly prize. But as it is easy to foresee, that from different
eau«es and from different quarters, much pains wiil be
taken, in inv artifiees employed, to weaken m your minds
the conviction of this truth: "as this is the point in vour po-
litical foi tress against which the batteries of internal and ex-
ternal enemn'swill he most constantly and actively (though
often eovertlv mid insidiously) directed, it is of infinite mo-
ment that vou should properly estimate Hie immense value
of your national Union to your collective and individual
happiness; that vou should cherish a cotdial, habitual, and
itnmovab'e attachment to it. accustoming yourselves to think
and speak of it as of the palladium of your political safety and
prosperity; watching for it* preservation with a jealous
anxiety ; discountenancing whatever may suggest even a
suspicion that it can in any event be abandoned, and indig-
j naritly frowning upon the first dawning of every attempt to
alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to en-
feeble the sacred ties which now link together the various
parts."
Now, sir, it seems that with prophetic ken this
great man foresaw that there would be efforts to
alienate one portion of this Confederacy from the
other; and, as his last act upon the public stage,
before he retired to the hanks of his own Potomac,
he warned his countrymen against those " insidi-
ous attempts." So long as there is among the
American people that respect and love for their
common ancestry; so long as they all value that
Constitution, which, given them as a rich legacy
from their fathers, guaranties and preserves invio-
lable all their rights; so long as they feel they can
dwell safely beneath its broad shield, no disunion
will ever be permitted to take place. The Union
will be dear to them; they will stand by it, and die,
if need be, in its defence. But impaired once, in
the southern mind, that feeling of confidence m the
Constitution; give them once an example that it
can be violated with impunity; that it is no longer
a shield to protect them from unjust legislation,
and you#ap the very foundation of their love for
the Union, and scatter among them the firebrands
of discord and disunion.
Sir, if such gloomy results are to come; if, by
the agitatiop of this question throughout the length
and breadth of the land, this holy feeling which
should ever animate our bosoms, as American
citizens having one common origin and common
interest, if these feelings are to be weakened by
this unfortunate question which is agitating us, and
has agitated the country; if the light of our glori-
ous institutions is once put put, " I know not
where is the Promethean heat that can its light re-
lume." Come from whatever quarter it may, if
this Union is ever to be broken down; if our com-
mon feelings of brotherhood are to be sundered; if
we are to be swept away from all we now love,
and a feeling of alienation of one portion of the
Union to the other is to be engendered in the
breasts of her citizens, I tell the man who is the
means of bringing about this disastrous result, be
he who he may, that he will be
ie A fixed^igurc, for the time of scorn
To point his slow unmoving fingei at.,}
The floor was next obtained by
Mr. GORDON, who addressed the committee as
follows:
Mr. Chairman: I have upon a previous occa-
sion expressed my views generally in regard to the
war, and to this question of prospective slavery in
the territory which we have conquered from Mexi-
co. I do not intend upon this occasion to travel
over any of the ground 1 then occupied, nor do I
intend upon this occasion to change from the hum-
ble position taken by me in that speech. Bu*.
there are some questions connected with these two
topics that I feel disposed to notice.
The time now is, Mr. Chairman, when slavery
can be discussed and talked about upon this floor*
as dispassionately as any other question that comes
within the scope of national legislation; a time that
everybody expected to arrive; when, sir, it can be
talked about and discussed here without produ-
cing a dissolution of the union of these States, or
an explosion of Congress. True it is, Mr. Chair-
man, that there are some Hotspurs upon this floor,
who, in the discussion, have echoed and reechoed
through this Hall and resounded over the country
; the cry of dissolution of the Union. No sensible
man, no statesman who can look into the next day,
has made any such proclamation as this; but I say
some Hotspurs upon this floor, whose opinion is
as light as the air that floats around this Capitol,
and as evanescent, have proclaimed upon the con-
summation of the "Wilmot proviso a dissolution of
the union of -the United States of America. Sir,
you might just as well talk, in this nineteenth cen-
tury, of overturning the Christian religion, as of
dissolving the union of the United States. Next
to the Christian religion, the people of these Uni-
ted States, from north to south, from east to
west, all cherish and adore this holy and sacred
Union of ours. A dissolution of the Union ! And
for what? Why, because territory, now free
from the stain of slavery, is forever to remain
and be held free by us; because the ban is to be
put upon that institution by the action of the Con-
gress of the only free Government on earth, so
far as regards territory which we may acquire,
and which may be under the exclusive jurisdic-
tion of Congress. What a consequence from such
a miserable cause! Sir, the cry of dissolution of
the Union is second only in insanity and blasphe-
my to the cry in France that there was no God.
It is an impossibility. There is no prospect that
the union of these States will be dissolved upon
this question, or any other. Where slavery does
