1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the proceedings and votes withheld in that paper,
but promised in the next. Thus the public mind
was prejudiced in advance and prepared for the
assault. In the paper of Monday the assault is
made, and what sort of proceedings published?
groceedings which give the speech and argumentof
one side only, and entirely and totally suppress the
argument of those whose votes are denounced.
He was prepared to absolve the reporters from
blame for this. The letter which was laid before
the Senate yesterday, by the principal reporter,
was fully satisfactory. But this did not lessen the
fault of the editors; for it was their duty, as im-
partial journalists, to see that the proceedings which
they had promised their readers, and upon which
they were commenting so severely, were fully re-
ported in their columns. Nor did the evidences
of a disposition to do injustice to the Senate stop
here. The impression is sought to be created by
the editorial, that advantage was taken of a thin
house; when the fact was, that upon either one or
other of the occasions, when a vote was taken upon
the provision, all the Senators had recorded their
votes except four, and two of these, I believe,
were out of the city. In fact a decided majority of
the whole Senate had voted against the constitu-
tionality of the provision on the first occasion.
Now, then, (Mr. Y. proceeded,) having shown
that the editors of the Union are fairly responsible
for the offensive publication—a conclusion strength-
ened by the fact, that after two days, those editors
had failed t.o offer any explanation to the reverse—
the question was, should the Senate pass the reso-
lution? What did it propose? Simply that the
Senate withdraw its courtesy from these gentle-
men, who make so ill a return for it. Nothing
more. The resolution proposed no arraignment of
the person, no fine, no interference with the full
freedom of the Union newspaper, as a press, or of
the Union editors, as citizens. It will be vain to
charge the action proposed in the resolution as an
attack upon the freedom of the press. It was no
such thing. The press would be as free the (lay
after its passage as the day before. The paper
could go on to discuss men and measures as freely
as it pleased; it might go on to tear to tatters in its
rage the public character of the most distinguished
and patriotic statesmen of the country; but only
let the world know, that, in the opinion of the Sen-
ate, the Union newspaper is not accurate in its ac-
count of the transactions and motives of this body,
and" therefore not to be relied upon. That's all.
This end will have been accomplished sufficiently
by the very discussion of this resolution; and there-
fore he was quite indifferent what course it eventu-
ally took.
Mr. Y. said, he was far from being willing to
trammel or curb the freedom of the press. The
liberty of the press was a sacred principle. But
its licentiousness is a public scandal; and although
the public sentiment is a very good corrective of
its abuses, yet, within the pale of our acknow-
ledged rights, he, for one, was prepared by his ac-
tion and vote here, at all times, to rebuke any at-
tempt to dragoon the legislative department or any
of its members into the support of measures by the
power«of the press.
Mr. Y. said, he was willing, at the proper time,
to withdraw the second resolution, which was di-
rected against the reporters, as they had satisfac-
torily explained. The other he would adhere to,
although with regret. He was perfectly aware
that one of the gentlemen implicated had long oc-
cupied a conspicuous position in the public eye;
with the other he had no acquaintance. He was
moved by no personal disrespect or unkindness.
But the columns of their paper had contained what
he regarded an unwarrantable libel upon the cha-
racter of the body, and upon himself as one of its
members, though the humblest of them all; and as
the editors of that paper, they were responsible ;
they deserved to be rebuked—and he had proposed
his resolution for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER rose, but gave way to Mr. Cass
for an explanation.
Mr. CASS would only say a single word, with-
out designing in any way to go into that discussion.
As the report of his remarks had been brought
into the question, he felt himselfcalled on to explain
that, on the morning after the debate, he had run
his eye over the paper to see if any of his remarks
* were published, as well as to understand what was
said on both sides. Another reason was, that he
had not been very fortunate in being reported in
the Union, as during the whole of the session, al-
though he had frequently troubled the Senate with
some remarks, he had only appeared twice in the
columns of that paper. Finding, in this case, that
he had not been reported, he had written out his
remarks.
Mr. SEVIER then rose to address the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER, (and several others on that
side:) The gfentleman from South Carolina!
Mr. SEVIER. I supposed I had the floor. The
President will decide. It is not for my side of the
Chamber to decide, I presume!
Mr. WEBSTER. I rise to order. I understand
that the honorable gentleman from South Carolina
addressed the Chair, and was recognised, when
he gave way for a moment, at the request of the
honorable member from Michigan, for him to say
a word in explanation.
Mr. BUTLER said he understood that he was
to have the floor when the gentleman from Michi-
gan had concluded.
Mr. SEVIER. I withdraw my claim.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, I do not choose to
have it said that the decision came from this side
of the house.
M r. SEVIER. It is for the Presiding Officer to
recognise me or any other Senator, not gentlemen
opnosite.
Mr WEBSTER. I am always at liberty to
call the Senator from Arkansas or any gentleman
to order.
Mr. SEVIER. And the Senator from Arkan-
sas will always exercise his rights entirely unfet-
tered !
Mr. WEBSTER. I will be very happy to see
the Senator do so, but, like other members, he may
not always have a just sense of his rights !
Mr. BITTLER'rose to give n direction to this
subject which would be more confownable, he said,
to his own wishes, and he hoped not inconsist-
ent with the#design of the honorable mover. The
records of the Senate would live when this article
would be forgotten. He was very glad that these
resolutions had been postponed, so that their action
might be of that deliberate character which was
most consistent with the dignity of that body, in
order to afford the editor of the Union an opportu-
nity of showing why he should not be excluded
from the privilege of the floor. The offensive arti-
cle had certainly received the sanction of the editor,
and the course he now meant to suggest would give
him time to disavow it. If he did not do so, he
would be justly amenable to the Senate, and ought
to receive its judgment. The reporters had done
much towards excusing themselves, and the editor
may yet do the same. Pinal action, in a precipi-
tate manner, would enable him to make a strong
case. He would not condemn him without giving
him an opportunity to be heard. He suggested
that a committee be appointed to hear any reasons
which might be offered by the editor before coming
to a final vote on the resolutions:
Mr. SEVIER moved that the further considera-
tion of the resolutions be postponed until to mor-
row, with a view of taking up the orders of the day.
Mr. WEBSTER asked for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, were as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, AtchiVm. Atlierton, Bag-
by Bright, Butler, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field, Houston, Mason, Niles, Sevier, Soul£, Sturgeon, Tur-
nev. and Westeott—20. '
_\t \ys Messrs Archer, Badger. Berrien. Calhoun,1 -illey,
Thomas Clayton, J. M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis,
! Dayton Evani, Greene, Huntington, Jamagin, Johnson of
Louisiana. Mnn^um, Miller, Mnrehead, Pcarc^ Simmons,
Upham, Webster, and Woodbridge—2-4.
Mr. ALLEN said the declaration of the Sena-
tor from Florida, that he instituted this proceeding
solely from a sense of public duty, was unneces-
sary. No one supposed he was actuated by any
other motive, when the article pointed to those to
whom he was politically opposed. He was glad
that his friend from Florida had indicated his pur-
pose to withdraw the second resolution. Had he
not, we should have been placed in the extraordi-
nary position of deciding that no reporter had a
right to report a single word said by a Senator,
unless he reported every word.
That resolution being withdrawn, we are now
called on to decide on the resolution excluding the
editor of the Union from the privilege of the floor,
for a publication in his paper. By what authority
did the Senate take cognizance of any others than
its own members or the officers elected by this
body ? There was but one ground on which we
could proceed against any other, and that is our
privilege of self-defence. By this privilege of self-
defence, we expel disorderly persons from the gal-
lery, and thus prevent the repetition of the disor-
der. On what ground did this claim of privilege
rest? On the same ground as the-right to defend
the body when assailed—the right of self-defence.
Therefore, if an intruder interrupted the proceed-
ings of the Senate as a body, and thus thwarted it
in the transaction of its business, we had a right
to expel him. How far did this right extend ? Did
it extend to punishment for words uttered or pub-
lished out of the Chamber—perhaps a mile off?
Would it extend to an indefinite distance in Wash-
ington ? Did it extend to Philadelphia, New York,
Boston, New Orleans? He denied that it extend-
ed beyond the walls within which the body con-
vened.
Mr. YULEE. He did not design to go beyond
the walls. His proposition was simply to with-
draw from the editor the courtesy of admission to
the floor of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN. I understand. I will come to
that. We were to withdraw a courtesy: What
was that but-to punish, or else it was an idle cere-
mony. To punish an American citizen, a libeller,
it was said ! It was an effort to take possession of
the political press of the country, so far as the
Senate was concerned, and because it was that
great question, he was here to meet it. He knew
a discrimination would be made between Mr.
Ritchie and any New York editor, because the
former was called an officer of the Senate. But a
reference to the period when the case of Mr. Blair
was before the Senate, would show that it was
then insisted that he was not an officer of the body,
but simply a contractor for the printing. In Ihis
position, then, Mr. Ritchie stood. His friend from
Florida .only intended to withdraw a privilege.
If it was a privilege, it had a value attached to it;
and if Mr. Ritchie found it beneficial to his inter-
ests to have this privilege, to deprive him of it was
to do him an injury. It would be the same in
principle as to expel him from the republic, to send
him into exile, to inflict the torture: the principle
was the same. It was the shin money, not the
amount of it, as was said m the British Exchequer,
which constituted the ground of complaint. It
was here the power to punish, not the extent of
the punishment which was to fall on the individu-
al, which was the question we were cplled to de-
cide. This question had been once decided, not
by the Senate, but by that far greater body—the
American p'eople. He had an act lying before him
relating to libels, which he would read; it would
be refreshing to the Senate to hear it.
[Here Mr. Ali,ejt read the second section of
the act of 1798, known as the Alien and Sedition
law.j
That act was called the Alien and Sedition law.
It related to the punishment for libels. It passed
ihe two Houses of Congress, and received the sig-
nature of the President. It was declared to be
constitutional by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and people were punished under it. After
that, or rather by virtue of these facts, the question
of its constitutionality became a national question.
It was no longer a question for Congress; it was
no longer confined to the bench and the bar; but it
went abroad through the whole country, wherever
there was a man to reason upon it, from house to
| hill-top. The mind of every man was brought to
bear upon it. The whole intellect of the country
was engaged in its discussion. This was forty
years ago. And what had we seen at every ses-
sion during the last thirty or forty years? We
had seen bills on our table—which passed both
j Houses of Congress—to exonerate those men who
were condemned under that law, and to refund the
' penalties exacted from them. No man, in the last
| thirty years, has been found to stand forward and
; defend the constitutionality of that act. Why ?
! Why, because to admit its constitutionality would
be to admit the Constitution to be a crude nullity—
' a thing of contradictions—and that our liberties
j could only be preserved by gags and dungeons. .
'i So uniform, so powerful had public opinion proved
: on this occasion, that the Alien and Sedition law
i had no longer a party. The party had changed
\ its name tQ get rid of the odium of its passage.
! now, after public opinion had thus empliati-
I cally denounced this law as unconstitutional, be-
i cause it authorized punishment for libels, should
