896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
war. Now I ask him—I pause, and ask him if he
can point to a single one ?
" Mr. TURNEY. I will try when you get through.
Mr. CALHOUN. No, sir, no ! Not a single
one! I voted several times for adjourrftnent with
gentlemen on the other side, when I considered
that adjournment was proper; but I have no concert
with them, no more than I have on this side. Mr.
President, in thus acting without concert of action,
I performed my duty. What we do want above
all things on earth in our'public men, is indepen-
dence. It is one great defect in the character of
the public men of America, that there is that real
want of independence; and in this respect a most
marked contrast between public men in this coun-
try and in Great Britain. But this is not the
proper occasion on which that difference is to be
pointed out; but I will say that it is in part the
wretched result of the wretched system of caucus-
ing, which has created in every State a party of
men who work in concert to get offices for purpo-
ses of plunder, and who exercise too great a con-
trol over the measures of Congress. I am glad
the Senator thought proper to refer to me in this
pointed manner. I have seen these insinuations
in various quarters, and in different presses, but
they are to me as nothing. If I know myself—if
my head was at stake, I would do my duty, be
the consequence what it would. Sir, they could
not urge me upon this war. Why so? I hope
upon some occasion I shall have an opportunity to
state the reasons more in detail. But, amongst
other reasons, I saw in this very war what every
man now begins to see—consequences which de-
terred me ; and we are not at the bottom yet. I
stood upon that occasion alone, separated from my
respected and esteemed colleague, [Mr. McDuffie.]
I voted here in my seat against it; and can he [Mr.
Turkey] suppose that I was governed by the pal-
try and miserable consideration of being President
of the United States ? The position is respectable,
but there are other positions infinitely more so. I
would rather be an independent Senator, governed
by my own views, going for the good of the coun-
try, uncontrolled by anything which mortal man
can bring to bear upon me, than to be President of
the United States, put there as Presidents of the
United States have been for many years past.
Mr. TURNEY replied. He was not afiaid to
place even his obscure reputation for moral inde-
pendence in the scale with that of the Senator from
South Carolina. He [Mr. Calhoun] said he was
110 candidate for the Presidency. It was some-
what remarkable, however, that the Senator had
so promptly recognised himself as the candidate
for the presidential succession, of whom lie (Mr.
T.) had spoken.
Mr, CALHOUN remarked that it was obvious
to the Senate that the Senator had referred to him.
Did you not refer to me/
The PRESIDENT. The gentleman will ad-
dress the Chair.
Mr. TURNEY. Will the gentleman take his
seat? and I will answer him. J pointed to no par-
ticular Senator by name; but some how or other,
the Senator and myself exactly concurred in this
matter. I had hnn in my mind, and he considered
himself to be exactly like that which I described.
He (Mr. T.) had not imputed any motives for the
acts of the gentleman. He had been speaking of
that balance power, of which it was composed,
and what it could accomplish. He did not impute
to them the object of pushing him for the Presi-
dency. But if he were suffered to go into it, he
could arraign a vast mass of circumstances in ref-
erence to that point. He would not fear being
stamped into nothingness if he were to hazard the
expression of that opinion. Men could not search
the heart or the head of their neighbor. It was
only from facts and circumstances that men could
judge of one another m some matters. Yesterday
the Senator from Illinois had furnished an in-
teresting piece of information. During the last
war, that Senator [Mr. Calhoun] thought that
this provision in the ten-regiment bill was quite
constitutional. If it were so then, it were so now.
The Senator had changed his opinion, but he
had not told the reason for the change. In
his reply to the Senator from Illinois, he had said
that he was then very young, and thus put in the
plea of infancy. Well, he must have been five-and-
twenty years of age at least, as he was not eligible
to a seat in the other House until he had attained
that period. Well, it was said that they were twice
a child and once a man. Whether the Senator had
arrived at manhood, or the third period,he did not
know. The Senator then advocated war, and cer-
tainly he had done more to bring the country into
war now than any other man in the United States.
According to his (Mr. T.'s) judgment, the annex-
ation of Texas produced the war. The Senator
from Ohio was correct. After that act war was in-
evitable. It was, as that Senator said, predicted
by the Whigs. He believed that his (Mr. T.'s)
own pvrty had denied that, and said there would
be no war; but war had come true enough, and the
Senator from South Carolina hau done more to
bring; it about than any other man in the United
States, for he had effected the annexation. He
voted to recognise the independence of Texas in
General Jackson's time, and had been very influ-
ential in bringing annexation about subsequently.
As Secretary of State, he had concluded the treaty
with the republic of Texas by which she was to
be annexed to the United States. He (Mr. T.)
had never read that paper, but he understood that
it extended the territory of Texas to the Rio
Grande. The treaty was rejected.
Mr. WESTCOTT here rose and said: I call the
Senator from Tennessee to order for irrelevancy.
Mr. CALHOUN. I hope he will go on.
Mr. BUTLER. I am astonished that he has
not been called to order before.
Mr. CALHOUN. I hope he will go.on.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make one remark.
I should myself have called him to order before,
had it not been for my peculiar relations to the
gentleman from South Carolina as my colleague.
Mr. CALHOUN. I am delighted that the Sen-
ator should be allowed an opportunity.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I looked to the dignity of
the body when I made my point of order. The
persuasions of no Senator will permit me to waive
it for an instant. I insist on his being called to
order.
Mr. CALHOUN. I hope 1 will at least be per-
mitted to reply as far as he has gone.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ten-
nessee is called to order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As the matter has been
allowed to proceed thus far, and as we have allow-
ed the Senator from South Carolina to be heard, it
is but just to allow the gentleman fiom Tennessee
to proceed.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I withdraw my call to
order.
The PRESIDENT. The call to order is with-
drawn. The gentleman from Tennessee will pro-
ceed.
Mr. TURNEY said: His position, then, was,
that the Senator from South Carolina did more to
bring the war upon the country than any other
man in the United States. What then? Texas
was annexed. After she was annexed, it was de-
clared by her Minister that annexation would be
regarded as an act of hostility. He demanded his
passports, and returned to Mexico. The United
States Government sent their Minister to Mexico,
with powers to negotiate all these matters, and
Mexico refused to receive him. She then sent her
army to the fiontier, and invaded the territory of
the United States. She claimed the whole of Tex-
as; and yet the Senator voted against the hill,
passed at the last session, giving men and money
to resist the invasion, on the ground, as he (Mr.
T.) understood, that the preamble of that bill was
not true. That preamble asserted that the war had
been brought about by the act of Mexico. Now,
it would seem to him (Mr. T.) to require some
powerful motive to induce anybody to bring his
country into the war, and then, after getting her
into the war, to back out of it, if not to denounce
it as unjust and unconstitutional indirect teinis!
in fact, to do that same thing. He understood that
the gentleman from South Carolina intended to hold
this matter for future examination and future de-
velopments. As they were engaged in war, he
would postpone the matter for the time being, but
the moment the war was over, he would turn round
and expose the injustice of the war, and the blun-
ders of those who had precipitated the country into
it. He (Mr. T.) was not going into the measure
introduced lately, creating the office of lieutenant
general. He merely pointed to the fact that that
measure had been introduced in order to enable the
Government to prosecute the war vigorously, and
with all possible success, to a speedy termination.
It was defeated, however; and by whom? By that'
very balance-of-power party to which he had refer-
red. On their shoulders rested the responsibility;
for they had the power to reject it. The vote upon
the recognition of Texas was a mixed vote. Some
of the most eminent Whigs voted to recognise the
independence of Texas. After that was done, an-
nexation followed, by the act of the Senator him-
self; and it was, therefore, in view of those facts,
that he (Mr. T.) asked how it came that the Sen~
ator now supposed the Mexican war to be unjust,
having originated in the annexation of Texas.
There were but very few, he was gratified to say,
who were disposed to withhold money and men
necessary to prosecute the war. What the course
of the Senator might be in relation to the three mil-
lion bill, he did not know, as, from the indications
afforded by his speech, they left him free to act
either one way or the other. They were, then,
left utterly in the dark; but he had heard that the
Senator and his friends intended to vote it down.
Mr. BUTLER here made a remark which was
not audible.
Mr. TURNEY proceeded. He believed it, be-
cause thecorrespondent of a southern paper, which
had frequently predicted truly the course of the
Senator from South Carolina, had given out such
an intimation. He had been charged with libel-
ling the. Senator, not because, as the Senator said,
he [Mr. Calhoun] had denounced the caucus
party. He (Mr. T.) did not belong to that caucus
party. He had taken ground against it, boldly as
ever the Senator from South Carolina had, and
that ground he expected to maintain. No preju-
dice was, therefore, entertained by him on account
of the Senator's peculiar opinions on the subject—
not at all. But whatever prejudices might be in
his (Mr. T.'s) mind against caucuses, and those
who conducted them, they should not have influ-
i enced at ail his action either one way or the other
I on the great measures affecting the interest of the
j country , and he really could not perceive what
| connexion the idea of caucuses could have with
j the discussion involved in the question before the
| Senate. If the Senator from South Carolina meant
; to soy that he did not intend to abide by the cau-
I cuses in the next presidential election, he (Mr.
i T.) had no objection. Bui as he was charged
j with libelling a Senator, he would ask what party
j that Senator had belonged to ? During the last
I session of General Jackson's Administration, he
1 believed that he then belonged to the other side of
I the House, and was as bitter as any of them. In
| 1837, he comes back to the other side of the House,
| and if he (Mr. T.) were disposed to hold him up,
' he could show that, on almost every prominent
[ measure that had originated under this Govern-
! ment, the gentleman from South Carolina could be
found on both sides of it. Was it much of a libel,
} then? Would not the facts be found to be stubborn,
j powerful, and undeniable facts? He knew*of no
I great question which had divided the two parties
I of the country upon which the Senator from South
! Carolina would not be found upon both sides,
j Consistency was very beautiful. Still, no doybt,
i every man had a right to change his opinion. He
' (Mr. T.) would censure no man for doing that
| when his judgment led him to alter his opinion. It
| was the fate of an honest man to change his opin-
| ion whenever his judgment convinced him of his
| error. All they had found fault with was, that
the gentleman should shift from the one side to
the other, consistent only in his shifting. Cer-
tainly a gentleman who so frequently changed
his quarters, ought not to be very hasty in de-
nouncing others for libels upon him. He (Mr,
r.) did not know whether the gentleman ever had
been a candidate for the Presidency. Perhaps he
was very moderate and had no ambitious views—
no aspirations. But if it were so, the country cer-
tainly labored under very great mistake. If the gen-
tleman was not an aspirant—if he bad no desire to
rise higher, all that he (Mr. T.) could say was, that
he had been very much mistaken—and with him the
whole American people. As far as he could judge,
the people seemed to be pretty well assured that
the gentleman had entertained some slight ambi-
tious views with respect to elevation to the Pres-
idency—that he had, in fact, been just about as
ambitious to attain that position as any gentleman
in the United States. It might be an error in pub-
lic opinion. The people might be entirely wrong
on the point. There might be nothing of it. But
it was undeniable that the public judgment was
entirely made up on that point. Ho (Mr. T.) had
