89t
THE CONGEESSIOMI. ■ GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
ehusetts-closed it by- a treaty. But did any of the'
Presidents ever think of marching troops upon the
litve ? The British held' Detroit and Fort Stanwix
after the treaty*of peace until Jay's treaty m 1784.
Did General Washington undertake to establish
the boundary by marching troops to the St. Law-
rence, which was our boundary? If war, then,
has followed annexation, it is not to be traced to
one from South Carolina, but to one from Ten-
nessee*
I might say more on this subject, but I will not
detain the Senate. The gentleman has made a
great many charges about my political course. He
has charged me with inconsistency, and represented
me as voting on different sides of all questions. The
gentleman's understanding on this point is just as
correct as on all others. I leave that all to history.
I will not say that I have not changed ray opinions
on many things——very little on constitutional points
—and not many on questions of policy. My mind
is indeed rather rigid. Like all young men coming
to Congress, I had my opinions both as to princi-
ple and policy, but had much to learn as to the
actual working of our system, which could only
be had from actual experience: before they could
be firmly and fully'estabhshed*, I had to go through
the process of experience. At that time, the
great question was the war with Great Britain, m I
reference to which I took a bold and decided
stand; I continued in Congress but two years
after the war; and after filling the office of Secre-
tary of War and Vice President, returned to Con-
gress and took my seat in this body in 1832-3;
and from that day to this, the volume of my life is
known to the country; and I challenge the Sena-
tor, or any Senator on this floor, to show, from
that day to this, wherein 1 have changed my views.
He says, that when the question came up on the
recognition of Texas, I belonged to the opposite
side of the House. No. I belonged to neither side.
Several Senators—the Senator from North Caroli-
na nearest to me, and the Senator from Massachu-
setts—can testify as to that. I never met in cau-
cus in consultation with either side of the House.
I took my own independent course, standing near-
• ly alone for some years, voting what I believed to
be the true interest of the country, irrespective of
party. And let me say, I have never attended
those meetings for the purpose of deliberation with
gentlemen on this side of the House, except during
the period of excitement in the extra session called
by General Harrison in 1844, and part of the next
session. I attended then, because the Democratic
party had been overthrown in the preceding elec-
tions, and there were at that time great questions
involved m the issues between the parties, in which
1 agreed with them, and was oppose4 to the oppo-
site'party. I met only in reference to the arrange-
ments to sustain the Democratic party m those
issues, but not on subjects of legislation on wluch
the paity was divided.
Mr. President, I have been a long time a mem-
ber of this body. It is the first time in which an
assault has been made upon me, and without the
slightest provocation. It seems to me that if the
gentleman had answered yes, when asked if he
referred to me, it would have been more manly.
But he pointed to me, and I could not remain
silent.
It is painful for me, sir, to come out on these
occasions; I desire rather never to speak of myself;
but 1 pardon the gentleman, for he has given me
an opportunity to set myself right on certain points,
in relation to which I wish to stand right, and may
take another opportunity to make myself more
fully understood. As to the war, I have deplored
it. I have deplored it for its consequences, i have
deplored it for the manner of bringing it on. As
to my views m reference to the war, 1 have kept
silent; assailed here and throughout the country,
mv friends uraed me to come out and explain at
the last session. I intended to remain silent until
I saw a suitable opportunity for explanation. And
here, let me say, what just now comes to my mind
It. maybe asked, thinking as T do, as to the causes
of the war, why I did not take some step to arrest
tiie march of General Taylor? In the first place,
I never heard that the march was ordered until a
long time after the order was given. The Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. J. M. Clayton,] gave me
the first intimation, that the order had been issued.
I lephed, that it was impossible, and could not
believe it until the fact was certainly ascertained.
After General Taylor had actually commenced his
march,.! said to several of my friends, he ought to
be stopped, it will bring on war. I said, also, if
my memory serves me, the same thing to the Sena-
tor from Delaware, from whom I first derived my
information. (The Senator assented.) I said to
him and others, that the Oregon and Mexican
questions are intimately connected; that a war with
England, in reference to Oregon, would certainly
involve in its consequences a war with Mexico;
and that a war with Mexico, might also involve a
war about Oregon, or at all events, prevent the set-
tlement of our difficulties with England, in refer-
ence to it. That thus viewing it, General Taylor, in ,
my opinion, ought to be stopped; and that I would j
lay a resolution on the table calling for the order !
under which he marched, and would follow it up j
by a resolution to arrest his march, were I not i
prevented by the position which I occupy. Of the 1
two, I considered it more important to avoid a war .
with England about Oregon, than a war with Mex- ;
ico, important as I thought it was to avoid that;
that it was important I should maintain the kind-
est and most friendly relations with the President,
in order that I should have some weight in bring-
ing the Oregon question to an amicable settlement;
and that, if I were to move, in reference to the
order given to General Taylor, it would, I feared,
place m.e in hostile relations to the Executive, and
destroy any weight I might have with it on the
Oregon question. This, with the hope that the
Oregon question might be settled before an actual
conflict between the forces under General Taylor,
and those under Arista, prevented me from acting.
Otherwise, I would certainly have taken a move to
arrest the march, and thereby arrest the war. I have
much more to say, in reference to the causc of the
war, which I must postpone until some suitable
occasion. I could state some facts in relation to
Oregon, but I am not at liberty, and therefore for-
bear. I thank the Senate for the kindness with
which it has now heard me.
Mr. TURNEY again rose toaddressthe Senate.
Mr. WESTCOTT claimed the floor. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee had spoken twice on the same
question.
Mr. YULEE proposed as a compromise be-
tween the two gentlemen, that the floor should be
given to him.
Mr. WESTCOTT persisted in his claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER read the rule
which provided that no Senator should address the
Senate more than twice without the leave of the
Senate. [Leave, leave.]
On motion, leave was granted.
Mr. TURNEY said he had but a few words
more to say. lie denied that he had said the
Senator from South Carolina was responsible for
the war, but that he had done much to bring about
the war; that Senator himself admitting that the
annexation of Texas was a cause of war. That
fact now stood on that Senator's own admission.
This war was brought about by Mexico, as they
were told by the President, and this was admitted
by the act which was passed by Congress recog-
nising the existence of the war. The message of
the President set forth that we were m a state of
war by the act of Mexico. But the Senator from
South Carolina had said that the President had
pushed this matter, and prevented an amicable ad-
justment of the boundary. Now, they all knew
that Texas, to the Sabine, was claimed by Mexico,
and that Mexico was resolved on having it.
Hence her minister returned when Texas was an-
nexed, and subsequently Mexico refused to re-
ceive our minister; and hence she sent an army to
the Rio Grande. How, then, could the territory
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande be the
subject of dispute? And what would the Senator
from South Carolina have had the President do?
Would he have had him to stand still and permit
Mexico to come and take part of that territory,
which was claimed by one of the States of this
Union? Would he have had the Piesident to
stand still when these things were occurring, and
the Mexican Government was refusing an amica-
ble adjustment of the boundary?
But again, he could show from the Journals a
large number of votes of the Senator from South
Carolina to sustain him in the position he had
taken. How did that Senator vote on the Lieu-
* tenant-General bill ? He voted in the majority
!j with the opposition, where he had voted on many
! j other occasions.
li Now, he appealed to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, whether the Senator from South Carolina
was not on the other side of the Chamber the last
year of General Jackson's administration? Mr.
T. happened to be here in 1837, and he heard_a
discussion which then took place, in which his
feelings were with the Senator from South Caro-
lina. He alluded to a discussion between the Sen-
ator from South Carolina and the Senator from
I Kentucky, and another between the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from South Caro-"
lina.
Mr. WEBSTER begged to know what testimo-
ny the gentleman from Tennessee said he had
borne.
Mr. TURNEY said he alluded to a speech made
by the honorable Senator in 1837—to dfcbaLes in
j which both the Senator from Kentucky and the
Senator from Massachusetts took part, in which
the Senator from South Carolina was accused of
having deserted their ranks.
Mr. WEBSTER thought the Senator alluded to
something he had said here to-day.
Mr. TURNEY. Not at all.
Mr. WEBSTER said, then the Senator was at
liberty to draw any conclusions he chose.
Mr. TURNEY continued. The impression on
his own and on the public mind at the time to
which he had referred was, that the Senator from
South Carolina had deserted the Whig and joined
the Democratic party. That was-his impression.
He would not have spoken of these things but
for the call which had been made by the Senator
himself; he should therefore proceed, and ask
whether the Senator had uniformly voted on the
question of a United States Bank? He asked if
the Senator from South Carolina had not voted to
recharter that bank ?
Again, had not the Senator from South Carolina
changed his position on the tariff and protective
policy ? He would not enumerate all that Senator's
inconsistencies. He had mentioned sufficient to
show that he was justified in the observations he
had made.
Mr. YULEE said, he hoped the Senate would
indulge him for a few moments. It was his duty
to relieve the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] from the implication involved in what
had fallen from the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Turney.] That Senator seemed to impute to the
resolution which was before the Senate, the char-
actor of a concerted political movement.
Mr. TURNEY asked Mr. Y. to repeat he lan-
guage by which he had made any such charge.
Mr. YULEE said it was impossible for him to
repeat the language used by the Senator. But
nothing could be plainer than that the general course
of his remarks involved such an inference. He
had charged that there was upon that floor a party
which he chose to designate as a balance-of-power
party, which was acting concertcdly in opposition
to the Administration, and for the defeat of its
measures; and with which, by a very natural train,
the public mind would connect this movement, un-
less corrected. Now, he wished to relieve the
mind of the Senator, and of all who had listened to
his remarks, fiom so unjust an impression. The
resolution he had offered was his own, and he took
the whole responsibility. It was prepared by him-
self, at his own desk, without supervision of any
one, and proceeded from what he deemed a spirit
of just indignation at the gross assault aimed at
himself and others upon that floor.
Mr. TURNEY inquired if the Senator from
Florida had not held a consultation at his desk
with the Senator from South Carolina, as to the
propriety of offering these resolutions?
Mr. YULEE said he could not suppose it was
the intention of the Senator from Tennessee to in-
troduce before the Senate the circumstances of pri-
vate intercourse*, which misht take place around
him at the desk of his neighbors. He said this in
no spirit of unkindness towards the Senator from
Tennessee, for their relations had been always
kind, and he did not believe him capable of any-
thing dishonorable. But he was going on to state,
when interrupted by him, all the material facts of
the matter. Whatever had taken place, was open
and aloud at his desk. There was neither desire
nor occasion for any concealment.
Mr. CALHOUN interposed, and begged permis-
sion to answer the interrogatory of the Senator
from Tennessee, and to state the facts of the con-
versation which the Senator from Florida might
feel some delicacy in doing. On coming to the
