400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12.
Mr. TURNEY considered that decency consist-
ed in telling the truth, and that was a decency
which he should always observe so long as he was
on that floor. But allusion had been made to con-
sultations which had been held. Now he had not
referred to what took place here at all—though he
knew such things had taken place. But he assu-
med, from the general tenor of the Senator's re-
marks, that it was so; and he allowed the Senator
from Florida to go on and denounce his assumption
as untrue before he made the inquiry if a consult-
ation had not been held here at his desk. He
made no insinuations; but, after the Senator from
Florida had indulged in denunciations, he simply
made an inquiry; and if he had not done so, it
would have gone forth that he t>ad made a false
chaige.
Mr. MANGUM interposed, and suggested that
this debate was not in order.
Mr. CALHOUN desired for a moment to ex-
plain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER said a point of
order had been suggested, and very properly sug-
gested, which must first be disposed of.
Mr. CALHOUN desired to say that, supposing
the Senator from Florida had some delicacy m
speaking of him, he rose and 3aid what occurred
at the time.
Mr. WESTCOTT insisted on the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER said he hoped
the Senate would understand the relation he bore
to the Senate in reference to this debate. The
whole course of the debate for the last two hours
had been altogether out of order, but the Senate
had tolerated it, and he could therefore only inter-
fere when called upon to do so by gentlemen them-
selves.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he had listened to the
Senator from Tennessee for half an hour in the ex-
pectation that a stop would be put to his personal
remarks. He did so because the moment the hon-
orable senator from South Carolina was supposed
to be about to pronounce an accusation, he was
checked by the Presiding Officer. He had there-
fore the right to expect that the Senator from Ten-
nessee would be called to order. He asked, for
lus own guidance hereafter, if Senators were not to
be checked when they were out of order? When-
ever any Senator—either his personal friend or
not—should be assailed hereafter, he should exer-
cise his ri;>ht to call the assailant to order.
# Mr. YULEE said the point was, that there was
concert of action of the balance-of-)iower party,
which he considered was a direct imputation on
the part of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. TCJRNE Y said he had studied to avoid say-
ing anything on the subject of the balance-of-powcr
party in that connexion; but the Senator from
Florida had chosen to assume it, and had called
upon him to make the inquiry which he had pro-
Sosed. The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
'UTfijfeit] had charged that he went blindly with
his party.
Mr. BUTLER interposed, and said he had said
this, that perhaps the gentleman from Tennessee
could not understand the distinction between those
who chose to consult the Constitution and those
who blindly yielded themselves to party obliga-
tions.
Mr. TURNEY. And what justified that re-
mark? What had he said to justify it? What had
he said in relation to the vote of concurrence with
the report of the committee of conference to justify
it? He had made no charge against any gentle-
man. He had not said one word on the constitu-
tional question which could justify the accusation j
that he had made any charge against those who «
voted different from himself'. What he said was,
that so far as the writer of that article had stated
the history of the transaction, he had stated itcor-
rectly. The fact was stated that it was before the
Senate, and that it was lost; and that was what he
said, and that was all. He had also said that he
disapproved of the epithets used; but so far as the
article communicated to the American people the
action on the bill, it communicated the truth. He
repeated that statement, and m repeatingit he made
no charge; and therefore the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] might have saved himself
much trouble. He ought at least to have thought
that his distinguished colleague was competent to
the task of managing so vulgar and obscure an in-
dividual as he (Mr. T.) was. [Mr. BUTLER. I
did not call you vulgar.] The Senator from South
Carolina, perhaps, could not recollect all he did
say. His memory was so treacherous that he had
not been able even to remember the name of the
party to which he belonged. That Senator thought
that he (Mr. T.) had said so and so; he then as-
sumed that Mr. T. had said so and so, and then
assailed that which he had never said. Now per-
haps he ought to feel alarmed at what had been
transpiring around him; but he could tell that Sen-
ator that he should on every occasion speak out
what he thought in plain language, so that his con-
stituents should know what was going on here.
He thanked the Senator from North Caiolina
[Mr. Maxgum] for calling him to order, for he de-
sired not to be out of order; but if he was out of
oj dei, most assuredly the Senator from South Caro-
lina was. When he spoke of the balance-of-power
party, he did so that the country might turn its at-
tention to the votes of the Senate, and see that the
fueods on his side of the Chamber were not respon-
sible for the adoption or the rejection of any meas-
ure.
Mr. ALLEN hoped the Senator from Florida
would do him the justice to correct the statement,
that he had voted on the case of Robinson, at the
last session. The Senator would find there was
no division on that occasion, so that there was no
means of ascertaining individual action. It stood
on the books as the action of the body.
Mr. YULEE with pleasure made the correction.
He found the yeas and nays were not called on the
occasion referred to, and therefore it was impossi-
ble to speak of individual action. The Senator
from Ohio says he did not vote, and by reference
to the proceedings he found there was no division.
Mr. ALLEN said he was present at the pro-
ceedings of the Senate referred to, and acquiesced
in the general proceedings of the body; but he took
no part m them. If the yeas and nays had been
called for, it would have been a different matter.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved an adjournment.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted thus:
Yeas 28, nays 18.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 12, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. POLLOCK rose to submit a motion, which
he was proceeding to state, when
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the motion pending at the time of ad-
journing yesterday, that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. P. KING moved that all further proceedings
on the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER said, a call had not yet been
ordered. The pending question was, "Shall there
be a call of the House
And the question being taken, the vote stood:
Yeas 41, nays 22. [No quorum voting.]
So a call of the House was ordered.
And the roll having been called, 108 members
answered to their names.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the absentees,
but had not gone through the roll, when (a quorum
being evidently piesent) all further proceedings on
the call were, on motion of Mr. COBB, dispensed
with.
Mr. COCKE moved to reconsider the vote of
yesterday by which the resolution of thanks to
General Taylor, as amended by the Senate, had
been referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The vote had been given just as the House was
about to adjourn, when there were not forty mem-
bers in the Hall, and, being the vote of less than a
quorum, was of course invalid. He knew of no
good reason why it should go to that committee
more than to any other; it did not embody a na-
tion's gratitude 
Here Mr. C. was asked by the Chair whether
he had voted with the majority.
Mr. RATH BUN said the gentleman could not
have done that, for he had not been present when
the vote of reference was given.
The CHAIR ruled Mr. Cocke's motion to be
out of order.
Whereupon Mr. C. withdrew it.
Mr. RATHBUN rose to what he conceived to
be a privileged question. On the 8th of December
last a resolution had passed the House, calling on
the Secretary of the Treasury for the names of the
secret inspectors of the customs, and also the pay
they were receiving from the Government for their
services. The Secretary had made a report in re-
ply, stating the number of these persons and the
pay they had received, but omitting wholly to
communicate the names of any of them, and sta-
ting reasons why he deemed it inexpedient to do
so. Mr. R. did riot admit the validity of his rea-
sons. Besides, the report stated that there were
but nine of these agents, whereas Mr. R. knew
personally that there were not less than fourteen,
and he had letters giving the names of seventeen;
yet the Secretary stated there were hut nine. Mr.
R. proposed to offer a new resolution, again calling
for the names. «
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to order.
The CHAIR stated that he could not tell whether
the motion was or was not a privileged motion,
until he saw the words of the resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the reading of the
resolution, and it was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to report forthwith
to this House the names of all persons who now
are or have been, since the 4th of March, 1845,
secret agents or inspectors of the customs.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to the motion as
out of order, because an answer had been made to
the gentleman's call, and had been referred to a
committee.
The SPEAKER said, that having read the report
made in answer to the resolution calling on the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury, the Chair was constrained
to decide that the resolution of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ratiibun] was not a question of
privilege. The Chair did not intend to rule that
the House could not call for the names at any time.
All that the Chair decided was that this resolution
was not, m the parliamentary sense, a question of
privilege, because the Secretary did not seem to
have acted in derogation of the order or dignity of
the House.
Mr. RATHBUN appealed from the decision.
Mr. R., in support of his appeal, insisted that it
was the duty of the Secretary to obey the order of
the House; but, instead of doing this, he told the
House he should withhold the names of these offi-
cers. The law was express that he should answer
all calls on him by Congress for information with-
in his department, and he might even be sent for
in person to come into the House and answer in-
terrogatories put to him concerning the business of
his office. But here, when the House called for
certain facts immediately connected with the offi-
cial concerns belonging to his department, lie re-
fused to give them. If this might be'done by one
officer of the Hous.e, it might be done by all. The
Clerk might refuse to read a particular bill, and
give his reason; would it be no privileged motion
to take measures to compel him to do his duty ?
He hoped the House would exercise the authority
vested in it by law over its own officer.
Mr. R. said he had not called for the names of
these official agents because he needed personally
to be informed who they were, for he had the
names of seventeen of them. They were notori-
ous—everybody knew who they were. It was a
farce to call them "secret," and the idea that ex-
posing their names would be prejudicial to the pub-
lic service was futile. There was not a smuggler
on all the coast that did not know who they were.
Government was paying thousands in the shape of
salaries to these men, and some of them spent a
month at a time here in Washington. Was this
to guard against smugglers? Some of these indi-
viduals were of a character that rendered them un-
worthy to hold any office under the Government.
Men were receiving their per diem for service in
the western part of the State of New York while
they were here in Washington. Some of them
got salaries as high as three and four thousand dol-
lars a year. Pie wished their names published, so
that the people might see into whose pockets their
money went. There were some three of these
secret officers in and near Buffalo, who travelled
through the lakes to Chicago, and thence to (Que-
bec, and thence to Washington.
Mr. McCLERNAND again rose to order, but
the Chair ruled Mr. R. to be in order in stating
reasons for his appeal.
Mr. RATHBTJN signified his belief that there
existed no law for the employment of agents of
this description; he thought the practice had grown
up without sanction of law, though it was pos->
