1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
the gentleman had participated, had extended its
laws beyond the Nueces; the President, in the
discharge of his duties, had sent the military to
protect the territory, over which those laws had
been extended; and, forsooth, according to the
gentleman's reasoning, is held highly culpable for
sending military officers where Congress, in its ma-
jesty, had authorized the sending of civil ones.
Following somewhat the example set me by so
many distinguished gentlemen, I shall not confine
myself to the subject under consideration, hut shall
discuss some subjects generally, and others in par-
ticular. I may, perhaps, present some suggestions,
that may appear as extraordinary to gentlemen as
theirs have appeared to me. Many of these sug-
gestions, however, have sprung from the dictates of
my own judgment. Their origin is humble—their
fate is submitted to their merit.
^ Mr. Chairman, our country is engaged in a for-
eign war. Her sons have marched with the read-
iest cordiality to the scene of strife, prepared to
assert her rights, and sustain her honor. They
have endured the privations of the tented field,
and the sufferings of a sickly climate. They have
sacrificed the enjoyments of home, and the domes-
tic society of friends and kindred. Whenever they
have met the enemy, they have effected his discom-
fiture. They have vanquished him in the field,
though opposed by a vast majority of numbers.
They have assailed him when protected by the
strongest defences, and have compelled him to ca-
pitulate. They have not only sustained the reputa-
tion of their fathers, hut have given us a name
beyond what we ever before enjoyed. A large
portion of the enemy's country has been overrun.
Their power is now concentrated; the final strug-
gle must now be made, which will decide whether
we can dictate reasonable terms, or have got to
strive in a protracted war. These brave men have
called for succor. They wish their ranks to be
filled, which have been thinned by disease or the
casualties of war. They wish associates to be sent
to them, sufficient to enable them to meet the dif-
ficulties now to be encountered. They call for arms,
munitions, provisions, clothing, pay, and all those
comforts and supplies that a generous and wealthy
country owe to those who are perilling their lives
in support of her glory and her rights. Sir, the
question is presented to this Congress whether they
will respond as liberally and generously in plant-
ing these supplies, as our soldiery have behaved
gallantly in contending with the enemies of our
country. I hope, sir, that all of us will be induced
to act upon this subject, as we shall wish our his-
tories to be read by the generations that are to come
after us. Doubtless a difference of opinion may
exist as to the most judicious means of raising the
revenue necessary in the procurement of the sup-
plies required. Upon this subject I have the proud
satisfaction in believing that my constituents will
approbate my voting any reasonable amount, to be
raised in any way that may be considered most
judicious, subject only to the controlling principles
of the Constitution. They have their preferences,
doubtless. They would submit, if necessary, quiet-
ly to direct taxation, but would prefer, if practica-
ble, that it might be avoided. They would prefer
an imposition of duties for revenue, as far as that
can be made available for the requirements of the
treasury, but desire that those duties should be so
imposed as not to minister to the cupidity of the
few to the oppression of the many. Wishing, as
I most ardently do, that our brave soldiery shall
not be denied, for want of ability on the part of our
treasury, those succors which they have so rea-
sonably required, and governed by the dictates of
my own judgment and what I conceive to be the
wishes of my constituents, I have been, and am, in !
favor of imposing a moderate duty on what has ;
heretofore comprised our free list. j:
The sense of this House has not appeared to ii
concur with me in opinion upon this subject. A ]j
special aversion has been manifested to an imposi-
tion of a duty upon tea and coffee. That I may
not be misunderstood, here or elsewhere, I pur-
pose to give to this matter specially, a little of my
attention. Sir, I am in favor of this duty, because
I believe none other can be imposed which will
bear more equally upon the whole people of the
United States. I am in favor of it, because it does
not carry with it a corresponding tax, to be paid by
the poor consumers for the benefit of rich producers,
I am in fkvor of it, because no selfish interest can
exist to oppose its repeal, when we cease to need
it for revenue. I am m favor of it, because no inter-
ests will be found convulsing the nation by trying to
push the duty from twenty to one hundred percent.
I am in favor of it, because it cannot be used as a
a corruption fund, under the name of protection,
upon which aspiring demagogues may hope to ride
into office. I am in favor of it, because it would
not embarrass or reduce our exports, as a lar^e
portion of this class of imports are not bought in
exchange for our productions, but are paid for in
cash. In fine, sir, I am in favor of it, because my
country is in war, and needs it as a revenue to
support the expenses of that war.
Various, doubtless, are the motives which in-
fluence gentlemen in their opposition to the im-
position of duties upon tea and coffee. Most of
them may be presumed to be governed by those of
the purest character; and yet to me it seems diffi-
cult to reconcile their conduct with principles of
justice and common sense.
They express themselves opposed to the duty,
because it imposes a tax, in common with others,
upon the poor man; and yet they have voted (o in-
crease the duty on the material of which the coat
is made which he wears at his daily toil, and when,
too, the tax on the material of that coat already ex-
ceeds that of a twenty per cent, duty on the yearly
consumption of the tea and coffee for his whole
family. Sir, they express an aversion to impose a
duty that may operate to tax poor men; and yet
many of these very gentlemen have voted to impose
a duty of seventy-five per cent, upon all the sugar
the poor man mingles with his coarse food; and
have, at the same time, voted to retain in force laws
which have refunded the duties to the rich on more
than five hundred millions of pounds of that same
sugar. Sir, they express an aversion to tax the
poor man twenty per cent, on tea and coffee, and
yet they have voted to tax him fifty per cent, on
all the molasses he has occasion to consume, and
have voted at the same time to retain in fovee laws
which have refunded to the rich the duties on over
five hundred millions of gallons of that same mo-
lasses. Sir, as I have before said, doubtless many
of those gentlemen who oppose that duty are in-
fluenced by the purest motives. To such 1 must
say, that either they are mistaken in their views of
public utility and policy, or I am. Some, in their
opposition may be influenced by principles of de-
magoguism. Of such let me say to the poor man,
: that while they are most clamorous in their ex-
i pressions of philanthropy, they need not be ex-
pected to turn on their heel to save the oppressed
from public robbery. Some may be influenced by
a feeling of personal animosity, having, perhaps,
been denied some office for themselves or friends:
such persons have their accounts open to be settled |
with their constituents. Some may be influenced '
solelyby political partisanship; or why should they
approbate a duty as a pcace.measure, which they
oppose as a war measure? Some may be influ-
enced by timidity, under the name of consistency;
or why fear to vote a duty which the country ne<*ls
in war, merely because they opposed it m time of
peace? Some maybe influenced by a desire to
build up, through selfishness, larsje political combi-
nations; or why vote a duty of millions more on
sugar and molasses alone, than the proposed law
would impose on sugar and molasses, with tea and
coffee superadded' Some may be influenced by
motives entirely selfish; or why vote a duty of one
hundred percent, on the cloths which the family
of poor men need for their very existence, and re-
fuse to vote a duty of twenty percent, on tea, which
is used only as a beverage ?
Sir, the reasons fjiven by some gentlemen for
their acts, aie as extraordinary as the motives of
others appearobjcctiorable. Some base theiroppo-
sition upon the, fact, that a duty on tea and coffee
is a tax in which poor men participate; and yet
these same gentlemen have voted, and doubtless
cloths, as difference of climate alone gives a great
preponderance to their consumption at the North.
If that argument is worth anything, it should oper-
ate to reduce the duty on sugar, as it is a staple of
the South, and a majority of it consumed at the
North.
But, sir, there are other matters that should in-
fluence statesmen in the consideration of this sub-
ject. It is a conceded point, that legislation should
give all consistent encouragement to the purchasers
of the surplus productions of our country, Now,
sir, what has heretofore been our legislation upon
this subject? Seventy millions of dollars worth of
our imports, which have been bought of those who
have purchased eighty millions of dollars worth of
our surplus productions, have been burdened with
the weight of producing nine-tenths of our revenue.
Whereas, fifteen millions of dollars of our imports,
bought of those who refuse to buy our produc-
tions, and to whom we have to pay annually a
balance of trade of about twelve millions of cfol-
lats, are admitted into our ports either almost or
altogether free of duty. Is that policy just to our-
selves? Is it generous to those with whom we
deal? Can reasons be given why that should ever
have been our policy ? To have taxed the free list
would have imposed no heavier burdens upon the
consumer, than the duty on those imports which
have borne the weight of taxation. More than
this, sii; whatever burdens a tax on the free list
would have imposed, would have gone exclusive-
ly into the treasury, for the common benefit of the
nation; whereas, the duties heretofore levied have
imposed a corresponding tax, by which the poor
consumer has been compelled to pay largely to
swell the already plethoric coffers of the rich.
Sir, in this view of the case, principles of justice,
of generosity, of economy, of philanthropy, ad-
monish us that that free list ought to be taxed;
and that other imports of as great or greater neces-
sity, should be relieved from their burdens as fast
as circumstances will justify.
"Rut perhaps the consideration which influences
gentlemen more than all others, in their opposition
to the duty upon tea and coifce, is the hope that
the exigencies of the war will drive the Govern-
ment to a larger system of discriminating in the
i imposition of duties, thereby ministering to the
j cupidity of those, whose already attained wealth
j gives them an overshadowing influence in control-
| ling the politics of the country. To this object of
! these gentlemen, I am opposed by every considera-
tion of love to my country. I oppose it because I
think it highly unjust to the people. I oppose it
because I think it violates the principles of the
Constitution, and is repugnant t<J every principle
of expediency. I shall crave the indulgence of
the committee, wlule I dwell somewhat at large
upon this branch of the subject. My attention
shall first he briefly given to some of the features
of the policy which affects most particularly, in
my estimation, the principles of the Constitution.
Perhaps it may sound somewhat antiquated to ap-
peal to the Constitution as a rule of right, (except
for the protection of the citizens of our enemies,)
| but the time has been, when that Constitution was
viewed with some degree of veneration. The time
has been, when its provisions were considered
among the wisest productions of the human intel-
lect. And we still retain the form upon taking our
seats in this Hall, of sweaiing to its maintenance.
But, sir, either I am much mistaken in my judg-
ment and observation, or that veneration has ceas-
ed.
I cither misjudge, or a wild, unlimited system of
construction, has caused that instrument to cease
to control the legislative action of this Government.
T might have wished to have given my views
more generally, and have considered other sub-
jects in connexion with my constitutional views,
but it is a matter of some doubt whether I shall
would again", to tax the poor man on a large por- I] ever avail myself of an opportunity to do so.
tion of his family necessaries, as hi°;h on twenty I certainly shall not undertake to state here the
cents as the rich "man would have had at the same j' many instances in which I believe our Govern-
time to pay on eighty cents. | ment, in its legislation, has long been transcending
Some base their opposition upon the ground, i its constitutional limits. _ The occasion does not
that a tax on tea and coffee would bear more heavi- i' now require it, and my limited time will not now
lv on the North than it would at the South, in our allow of it. But, sir, I shall claim the indulgence
Union; and yet their good sense should teach them
that there is scarcely an article of import upon
which that argument would operate less, than it
does on tea and coffee. Their good sense should
teach them, that if that argument was worth any-
thing, it should operate to reduce the duties on
of the committee while 1 briefly refer to some
cases which are pertinent and important to the
subject matter of the point I purpose to discuss.
The Constitution provides that Congress shall
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-
: posts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide
