1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
400
of for the Presidency, (and I will say particularly
thehonorable Senator from SouthCarolina,) against
whom he could get a majority in a single district
of a single State of the Confederacy. Why, sir,
no one can deny that there never was a period in
the history of the Democratic party when there
was less union and harmony than at present.
Look, sir, at the condition of the party m Con-
gress. Can any one assure me that the President
has, in both Houses, thirty friends who support
him from sincere feeling, disconnected from party
attachments and ties, or party principles, or total-
ly uninfluenced by personal views or motives? I
regret that T have felt myself constrained to ex-
press these opinions. I should rejoice if there was
110 ground for them.
Mr. President, I feared this state of things would
ensue when I first heard of the nomination of Mr.
Polk by the Baltimore Convention. I then fore-
told it. I stated my belief that defeat under a
nomination of Mr. Van Buren would be better for
the ultimate interests of the Democratic party and
true Democratic principles, than succcss under the
nomination of Mr. Polk. I am grieved to say
that I have seen nothing since March, 1845, which
has changed this opinion. As to the boasted tri-
umphs of the Administration in carrying out the
Democratic measures it was pledged to carry out,
&c., I may hereafter give my opinions fully; at
present I will only say, I am much mistaken if
the Democracy ofany section of the Union have
very satisfactory cause of rejoicing, unalloyed by
matters not of tiiumph.
As to the supposed balnnce-of-power party, of
which the honorable Senator from Tennessee has
spoken, I do not know, nor do I care, whether the
honorable Senator meant to include me as belong-
ing to it or not. At the last session and at this, I
have several times, when I thought it right so to
do, voted with Whig Senators, or rather they have
voted with me. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] jocularly told me I be-
longed to the nomadic tribe of politicians. Now,
sir, I have been at no Whig caucuses or consulta-
tions, and never attended one in my life. I never
was invited to one, and never expect to be. I can-
not help it if the Whig Senators will vote the same
way that I do, and I cannot think that my party
allegiance should require of me to change my vote
because Whigs coincide with me, and especially
on questions in which no party principle is in-
volved. Upon this subject I have one interroga-
tory to propound to the honorable Senator from
Tennessee. I would respectfully ask him which
he considers the most conclusive evidence of hetero-
doxy in politics—voting now and then with Whigs,
or having Whigs vote for him?
Mr. TCJRNEY here observed, that he did not
conceive either to be very conclusive evidence of
Democracy.
Mr. WESTCOTT. That is not an answer to
my question, Mr. President. I asked which was
the strongest evidence of heterodoxy in Democracy ?
I asked the question, because, during the last ses-
sion, the honorable Senator made a speech on this
floor, by which it appeared that he was elected by
the votes of the Whigs in the Tennessee Legisla-
ture, combining, if I mistake not, with but six
Democrats. 1 do not impeach the honorable Sen-
ator's Democracy on that account, but allude to it
only to remind the honorable Senator that when
he reproaches others or myself, if he alluded to
me, as having deserted their party principles by
"acting with Whigs," he should recollect that
text in Scripture: " First cast out the beam out of
thine own eye, and then thou shall see clearly to
cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye."
Mr. President, I was elected by a Democratic
Legislature, upon the nomination of a Democratic
caucus. I received every Democratic vote in that
Legislature, and every Whig vote was cast against
me, and on political grounds. I am a Democrat,
and have always been one, and thoroughly devoted
to Democratic principles, because I believe they
are the best for my country. There are those on
this floor who have some knowledge whether I
was a Democrat or not in New Jersey before Gen-
eral Jackson sent me to Florida. I think my hon-
orable Whig friends, the Senators from that State,
could answer on that point. Since 1829 I have been
in political life in Florida, and have been denounced
always as an ultra and even violent Locofoco; and
I could turn to the Executive records of this body
in past times to show that Whig Senators had no
great partiality for me. It may be that the attempt
may be made to read me out of the Democratic
party for my course here, and for what I now say.
Very well; let it be tried. I am ready for the
issue. If the attempt succeeds, I should be placed
in the category in which my honorable friend the
Senator from Massachusetts was some years ago,
and which induced him to exclaim, "Where shall
I go?" I make this allusion with entire respect;
and so do I the answer to that query: " Certainly
not to the Whig party."
I have the most profound respect for those of
ray fellow-Senators of that party with whom I have
become acquainted. I concede to them patriotism,
abilities, and disinterestedness, equal to those of
the Democratic party; but I disagree with them in
political doctrine, in political principle, and as to
the general policy of the country, and in relation
to most public measures. Therefore, without being
a hypocrite, I cannot act with them. Sir, I am
no trimmer; I have no motive or inducement to
trim; but I cannot yield, and will not yield, my
convictionsof what are true Democratic principles,
what is true Democratic policy, and what are the
true Democratic measures, to the bidding of Mr.
Polk or anybody else, through his organ or in
any other way. And, sir, my pride revolts with
indignation at the appearance of an attempt to
dragoon me into the support of measures which I
am convinced would be pernicious. Caucus disci-
pline I might defer to, but to the imperious will of
an individual I never will.
The remarks of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, and recent publications in the newspa-
papers calling me "a Calhoun man," constrain
me to make a few observations on that subject. I
came into this Chamber with novery strong prepos-
sessions person ally in favor of the honorable Sena tor
from South Carolina, in some degree the natural
consequence of the circumstance that many of the
strong personal and political friends and supporters
of the honorable Senator in Florida preferred the
selection of other Democrats to myself to a seat in
the Senate, on the ground of their stronger attach-
ment to him than it was supposed that I entertain-
ed. I freely concede to that Senator distinguished
abilities, stem incorruptibility, and, though I dis-
agree with him on some political questions, there
are but few as to which I would not defer my judg-
ment to his; but I am no " Calhoun man"—I am
no man's man. The Democracy of my State—
nay, I may say almost the entire body of its peo-
ple—prefer him as next President to any candi-
date, Whig or Democrat, that has been named;
and if his friends constrain him to allow bis name
to be used, I have no question he will receive
three-fourths of the popular vote of Florida, and,
if the head of the present Administration opposes
him, nine-tenths; and this will be the case whether
there be a National Convention or not—whether he
is voted for as the nominee or against the nominee
of that convention, or whether there is but one or
three other Democratic candidates. And I go fur-
ther and say, that I shall not separate myself from
the Democracy of my State, for tins Administra-
lion. lean incur no obligations to them,or receive
any favors from them which could induce a change
of my resolution.
In my course in this body when I can vote with
the honorable Senator, my convictions of the pro-
priety of such vote will be strengthened. When
I do not agree with him, I shall, as I did on the
lieutenant-general bill, and on the ten regiment bill,
and on divers other questions, vote according to
my own' judgment. I voted for the lieutenant-
general bill, not for any of the reasons urged by
any of its advocates on this floor, but for very dif-
ferent reasons. I did not think it necessary to
make a speech on the suject,and I will now briefly
allude to it. It was not because Mr. Polk wanted
the bill; it was because I had seen enough in the
war of 1812 and in the Seminole war of the diffi-
culty which any Administration located here had
in properly carrying on a war, the theatre of which
was at a great distance from the seat of Govern-
ment. I do not believe in a war being carried on
by pen writing in public departments here. I be-
lieve the best course to adopt now, would be to
give some man of" head and thought," some one
who would have his own way, uncontrolled by
cabinet officers here, plenary power, full and un-
restricted authority, ample means, men, money,
and munifions, and then stop the mails between
this and Mexico. I did not fear any danger from
such a military chieftain; for as to any popularity
that any man, general or not, wins in this war
with Mexico hereafter, and especially the approach-
ing summer, he is welcome to all of it for me.
As to the ten regiment bjjl, I have before explain-
ed that I had no constitutional objections to the bill,
and I did deem it my duty .to defer to the recom-
mendation of the executive departments of the
Government as to the kind of forces to be levied,
and the mode of raising them.
I confess, Mr. President, that I have been very
often Zaie/t/exceedingly embarrassed in ascertaining
what, upon many subjects, was the true course for
one to adopt, who wished to adhere to the Demo-
cratic party. Last session, sir, looking to the
honorable Senator from Michigan as one of the
lights of Democracy, I went with him on the Ore-
gon question, and voted against the treaty. And
for it I was included in the denunciation of another
distinguished Democratic Senator, that we ought
to have been " cut for the simples." I am denounced
in advance now by the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, as intending to join the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina a'nd the Whigs, to defeat
the three million peace bill. Sir, I have no conceal-
ments on this subject. I desire to sustain the Ad-
: ministration in their request if I can. I voted for
| the resolution recommending an appropriation for
j it the last session. But 1 do not know that 1 shail
! vote for this bill now; and I shall look to the course
I of the honorable Senator from South Carolina, re-
garding him as a safe exponent of the views of the
Democratic party of the South on this question, as
one that I may follow, if I doubt.
The slavery question which is involved in this
bill has assumed a fearful aspect. On that subject
the Senator from South Carolina is looked to in
my State as thoroughly understanding the rights
and policy of the South. In the Oregon bill,
which is on your table, the other House inserted
a provision virtually denying any citizen of a slave
State the privilege of emigrating to that Territory
with his property and enjoying it there. Now,
sir, I do not regard this right as it respects Oregon
of any great value to the South; but we feel bound
! to resist the inhibition as a matter of principle,
i Because it is not probable the right of emigration
! to Oregon with slaves, would ever be exercised by
any southern citizen, the restriction is entirely
unnecessary, and becomes a matter of unprovoked
insult. .
Mr. HANNEGAN here observed, it was m re-
turn for the course of the South on the Oregon
question last session.
Sir, (said Mr. WESTCOTT,) I regret to hear
the declaration of the honorable Senator from In-
diana. I regret to hear the lex talionis avowed as
a rule of action between different sections of this
Union on so delicate a question as this, and 1 hope
{ such a rule of action will be abandoned; for, if
I persisted in, it will result in the most disastrous
consequences.
But to return to the Oregon bill. The Judiciary
Committee of the Senate have reported that bill
with the restrictive clause inserted in the House
stricken out, and, as a substitute for it, a declara-
tive guarantee against any inhibition to citizens of
the southern States to emigrate there with their
slaves. I do not hesitate to say, if the South is
dealt fairly with as to territory which may be ac-
quired by treaty with Mexico, T shall not care a
fig about the restriction in Oregon. I shall be
perfectly satisfied to abide by the Missouri com-
promise of 1891 on the subject of slavery, as was
proposed a few days since by a distinguished
member of the other House from South Carolina,
[Mr. Burt,] which proposition was rejected.
To secure the fulfilment of that compromise faith-
fully, I am afraid, from recent indications, the
South would not be safe without an express guar-
antee that any territory acquired south of 369 30'
should not be subjected to any Congressional re-
striction. I should be satisfied that the extent of
territory to be acquired south of that line should
be limited in advance, on terms of entire equality
and justice to both sections. In the present as-
pect of the slavery question, as I am not disposed
, to wage a war for the acquisition of territory that
1 may be but a bone of contention to the different sec-
!| tions of the Union, and in which the vital inter-
! ! ests of the South would be sacrificed unless the
jslavery question is thus settled, I feel strongly in-
ij clined not only to vote against the three million
>> bill, but any other law looking to the acquisition
