416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13.
further atonement, let a tribunal for the trial be
established by law, and the proceedings regulated
•by law. Even in its mildest form it is an excep-
tional power, not within, but without our institu-
tions. We are judges and parties at the same
time. The prejudices—no, not the prejudices—
but the just feelings of the country, at once array
themselves against such a jurisdiction. It should
be exercised but rarely; and then only in cases so
palpable as to carry conviction with them. This
case is not only one where this summary power
is exercised, but where it is exercised, without
giving' the party who is the object of it an oppor-
tunity of being heard. It violates a fundamental
principle of all codes, even of the rudest, that the
accused, before condemnation, shall be heard in
his defence. Strike, but hear me, was a memorable
invocation, which has come down to us. But we,
in this age of the world, are about to strike without
first hearing. Now, nothing couid illustrate this
universal rule better than the course of the matter
before us. The second resolution required the
expulsion of the reporter.
A SENATOR.- That resolution is withdrawn.
Mr. CASS. I know that, sir as well as I can
be told. But my object is to show that, before
any such resolution is acted on, the party should
be heard in his defence. I wish to enfore the uni-
versal principle, and to do so, I advert to our
course in this very case. We did not give the re-
porter the opportunity of defending himself. Still,
our own proceedings have shown that we ought to
have done so. We have discovered that the re-
porter was wholly blameless. We have discov-
ered that the offence charged, that of publishing a
partial report, whs the result of the purest acci-
dent. It was because one of your members—it
was because I, sir, wrote out my own remarks,
which were then published agreeably to an invaria-
ble usage, known toevery memberof both branches
of Congress. Had either of the other Senators
done the same thing, they could have had the
pleasure of seeing their remarks in the Union. But
after all, so far as respects the reporter, I say it
with all respect, but it really seems to me that this
prosecution is very much of a tempest in a teapot.
Is it such a grievous oftcnce, that on the second
evening after an incidental debate, only one of the
speeches ahould be published? And that is the
sum total of this grave contempt. I shall not enter
into any consideration of the duty of reporters to
give the details so speedily as that. I will only
say, it is physically impossible; and for not doing
what, as a general rule it is impossible to do, we
have been upon the pointof expelling the reporter.
Had we acted immediately, or had the reporter
himself sat still, and the member, whose spccch
waspublished, been absent, wc should hove passed
our judgment of expulsion,and thdfi found that we
had convicted an innocent man, simply because we
found him guilty without trying him. And wc
are now going on with the remaining resolution,
violating the same eternal principle, and perhaps
to regret afterwards our precipitate action. We
propose to expel the editors of the Union; and for
what* Because, in a communication in that paper,
there were very improper reflections upon this
Senate, as aiding the Mexicans in our war with
them, and a kind of endorsement of those views in
an editorial paragraph. Now, Mr. President, I
have no apology to make for such publications.
They are in exceedingly bad taste, and will never
be deft-nded by me. But what kind of a charge is
this after all ? Just such a one as has abounded
in every page of our party history from the foun-
dation of the Government. For twenty years the
epithets French party and British party were ban-
died about in every paper in the country. The
Federalists were charged with being under British
influence, and the Democrats under French influ-
ence; and each was accused of sacrificing the in-
terests of their own country to that of the rival
nations.
In the House of Representatives, during the last
war, a distinguished member of Congress from
New York said that Mr. Madison was chained to
the chariot-wheels of Bonaparte. And what is
the amount of all this? This indefensible article
charges the Senate with promoting the interests of
Mexico. But how? Why, the charge is a rhe-
torical one. The Senate delayed the passage of a
certain war bill, and therefore promoted Mexican
interests. The promotion of those interests is the
deduction of the writer from his premises, not the
assertion of an independent fact. Why, where
is the Whig paper in the republic, which, during
and since the last* session of Congress, has not
charged the Democratic party with sacrificing the
interest of the country to England on the passage
of the last tariff act? And if I am not greatly de-
ceived, in a paper published in this very city, ex-
tracts were given from English papers, approving
the views of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the action of Congress upon the tariff, as proof,
that what we hud done was well done for England,
and badly done for the United States, and that
our interests had been sacrificed by party to hers.
Whoever thought of investigating such charges
seriously? There is not a man in the country, fit
to be out of a mad-house, who ever believed that
the Democratic party sacrificed our own interests
to England, or that one member of Congress de-
sired to sacrifice our interest to Mexico. This is
no charge of a specific offence, such as demands
investigation—such as a charge of bribery, trea-
son, or of other acts, implying moral guilt. It
is a deduction, a constructive charge, where the
? remises are given, and the conclusions drawn,
t says you delayed a certain measure: therefore
military operations were delayed, and Mexican
interests subserved. I repeat, all this is in bad
taste. But let us not act in still worse taste, by
sallying out upon an expedition against the writers
of articles like these. What do we propose? To
expel the editois of the Union. In the course of
this debate, one of these gentlemen seems to have
been exclusively alluded to, and I suppose we may
safely assume, that he is exclusively the object of
this measure. How are we to affect him? I will
not enter the question of the nature of his right
here; let it be right, privilege, courtesy, or what
you will. He has a place here by our rules, or
by our permission.
Mr. WEBSTER said he had no right to come
here at all.
Mr. CASS. If he has no right here, what are
you doing ? If he cannot enter this Hall, why are
you slamming the door in his face? If he is not
here how can you expel him? and that is the very
thing- you propose to do. This whole proceeding
is but a solemn farce, if the editor of the Union
cannot be reached by your resolution; and he can
only be reachcd by the assumption that he is in the
enjoyment of something you seek to take from him.
Why, the resolution itself expressly recognises
44 the privilege of admission," these are the very
words; and that privilege of admission you are
about to take away. I will leave to Senators, who
would involve us in this inconsistency, to search
the technical meaning of right and privilege, and
the true meaning of courtesy. I seek no such
thing. I am not to be led into subtile distinctions
as to the signification of this or of that word. I
find we are about to expel the editors of the Union
from the power of entering upon the floor of this
Hall, as recognised in the resolution, and I thence
conclude, they have that power, and that as it is
worth expulsion, it is worth enjoyment. You are
then taking from them something they possess,
and, in doing so, you are in fact punishing them.
That is, you attach a penalty to an act which is
the essence of punishment; and what is that act?
It is the publication I have referred to, and which
is denominated in the resolution, " a public libel
on the character of this body."
I am well aware, Mr. President, that the power
of entering this floor is a special one, which is not
granted to every citizen, because it cannot, in the
nature of things, be thus enjoyed. You may
grant it, as you do, to certain persons; but these
grants are general, if I may so speak, and not
special. They are made, not to individuals, but
to persons of a certain description—to your own
officers, to members of the State governments, to
foreign ministers, &c.; while all within the same
description are included, there is no just cause of
complaint. But when a single person is selected
for exclusion, he has a right to consider himself
aggrieved. This is not only human nature, but it
is m conformity with the equal nature of our insti-
tutions. It is, then, no answer to the remonstrance
against this proceeding to say, that the seats are
our own, and that we may do with them as we
please. In the first place, they are not our own;
they belong to the people of the United States, and
are ours only to use and control. And in the next
place, our appropriation of them should not be
arbitrary and unjust, but regulated by reasonable
principles. If you exclude a class, so be it. But
to exclude one of a class, without sufficient cause,
becomes a case of individual injury. So, in the
regulation of your grounds, it is no doubt in the
power of the two Houses to exclude A or B from
entering them. But it is not in their power to
prevent such an act being considered one of great
injustice. If your rules of admission are inconve-
nient, repeal or modify them. It is a matter for
your discretion. But do not attempt, as in this
case, to justify exclusion, by saying that the seats
are your own, and that you may do with them as
you please. Mr. President, all experience here
and in England, shows that this summary jurisdic-
tion is watched with great jealousy by the people.
As to the freedom of the press, it needs no eulogy
from mc. As the air we breathe is essential to
human life, so is the freedom of the press to the
life of liberty. Without these elements of exist-
ence, they would soon expire. Touch the press,
and you touch the most delicate nerves of the po-
litical system, A good deal has been said of its
abuse. But, after all, it has always appeared to
me as almost wonderful that this abuse was not
much greater than it is. The fault is quite as much
the fault of the public as of the press. We have,
all of us, a good deal of prurient curiosity. If we
did not read, the press would not print. It minis-
ters to us, and our taste guides the selection it
makes. But I repeat, with the unbounded freedom
we enjoy, it is surprising; to me that this evil does
not prevail more extensively than it does. But
such proceedings as these will never remove the
difficulty. You are examining the conduct of two
respectable citizens without hearing them. You
are, in effect, trying them. Your doors are open,
and the strongest epithets are not spared in your
debates. There is not a log-house upon the verge
of civilization, where the story of this day's work
will not be borne. And if this public discussion,
and these public denunciations, are not a punish-
ment-—a heavy punishment, too—then the heart
has lost its sensibility, and physical pain is the
only evil we have to dread.
Mr. CHALMERS said: As I was one of those
who was characterized as compatriots of Santa Ana
and Ampudia, and friends of Mexico, I claim the
attention of the Senate, Mr. President, to a few-
words of explanation of the vote I intend to give
on this occasion. I do not mean to deny to the
Senate full power over every one who is properly
subjcct to the rules which the body may prescribe
for its government and protection. Within these
walls, the Senate is supreme in its authority to pre-
scribe rules for its proceedings, fojj its protection,
i for its order, and for the punishment of those who
violate them; and whoever comes within these
walls by right, by courtesy, or by privilege, is sub-
ject to them to the fullest extent. And I desire
distinctly and emphatically to say, that the freedom
of the press can exempt no one from the essential
and inherent power of this body; and still less can
j any one who may be supposed to be connected with
( the public press, claim protection, or shield him-
j self for their violation, under the provision of the
1 Constitution which prohibits the passage of any
1 law abridging the liberty of the press. That pro-
vision of the Constitution has nothing to do with
it; and to give it that effect, would virtually, and
in effect, destroy the liberty of speech, and the in-
dependence of deliberation of this body. But while
I claim for the Senate the power of controlling all
who come within this Chamber, and the risrht to
exclude them for violating its rules, its order, or
its dignity, 1 appeal to Senators on all sides, if the
offence complained of in the resolution of the Sen-
j ator from Florida, is such as calls upon the Senate
I to exercise this power ? Mr. President, I do not
j think it is. I regret this publication has been
i brought to the notice of the Senate; I regretted it
| at the time; and everything which has occurred
■ since, has served to strengthen this conviction. It
| has excited personal and political feeling here un-
j favorable to that harmony in our intercourse which
! is so essential to the conduct and despatch of the
!j public business of the country. I consider the
jj publication unworthy of the notice of this body,
j and that the Senate would better consult its true
dignity by taking no notice of it, than m attempting
to protect its dignity by excluding the editor of the
Union from the seat which he has occupied here
by our courtesy. For my own part, sir, as the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] said,
sueh newspaper publications pass by me as the idle
