THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
wind. I voted for striking out the proviso of the
bill as it came from the House of Representatives,
giving the President the appointment of the mili-
tary officers, upon a fixed belief that it was a vio-
lation of the Constitution. I have the satisfaction
of a conscientious conviction of the correctness of
that vote, and I am perfectly willing, if the editor
chooses, that he shall make an issue with me any-
where as to the propriety and patriotism of that
vote. Tha^ the publication was unworthy of the
notice of this grave body, was my opinion when
introduced, and is so still. But if the editor desires
to make an issue with me, for my vote, cither be-
fore this body, or the people, I would leave him
free to do so. The facts are by this debate freely
spread out, and I am perfectly willing to leave it
to the public to decide, whether voting against the
proviso of the bill makes me the friend of Mexico,
or compatriot of Santa Ana and Ampudia.
Mr. BRIGHT proposed to draw a comparison
between the language which had been used by the
Senatorfrom Florida [Mr. Weptoott] this morn-
ing, as applied to the President of the United
States, the heads of departments, and the two
Houses of Congress, and that which had been
termed the libellous article published in the Union.
Mr. WEBSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will suggest, in the utmost spirit of kindness, that
he will be quite out of order in making any such
comparison as he proposes to make. I make this
suggestion in all kindness.
Mr. BRIGHT said that he accepted the sugges-
tion in the same spirit in which it was made, and
he would relieve the Senator from any fear of the
violation of order, by saying, that he "would not
trespass upon any rule of the Senate. If he did,
he hoped the Senator would call him to order.
The editor of the Union was charged, as he under-
derstood, with publishing a libel, which libel
charged certain membeis of the Senate with being
associated with our foreign enemy. He understood
the Senator from Florida this morning to say, that
lie believed that if the people of the United States
knew of the fraud and corruption which existed
on the part of the President, the Senate, and the
House of Representatives of the United States,
- they would rise in their strength and throw them
all into the Potomac.
Mr. WESTCOTT rose and said, the Senator
from Indiana had got what he said all wrong. He
said no such things as he had imputed to him.
And Mr. W., having it, as he said, in writing be-
fore him, repeated what he did say.
Mr. BRIGHT proceeded. He admits it, then;
and now T ask, Mr. President, whether it does not
amount to a greater libel, not only on this body,
but the House of Representatives and the. Execu-
tive, than the alleged libel in the "Union5" Yet
that is the declaration of a Senator professing to
belong to the Democratic party! Sir, 1 ask him
for Ins proof. I demand the facts on which he
rests the declaration that the party to which he
professes to belong is floating in this sea of corrup-
tion. Can he answer? Can he point to one fact
which sustains his allegation > He is silent. Sir,
his silence warrants me to believe that that allega-
tion is just worth about as much as his declaration
that the present Chief Magistrate, if before the
people, could not carry a single township. I take
it for granted that his speech is all of a piece—at
least that portion of it which refers to the party to
which he professes to belong, and the present
standing of the Executive of the nation. j
Mr. 13REESE called for the yeas and nays on ■
the first resolution, and they were ordered; and j
being taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 21, as fol- ,
lows: i
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal- j
houn, Cilley,Thomas Clayton, Joim M. Clayton, Corum, j
Crittenden, Davis, J)a\ ton, Evans-, Greene. Huntington, Jar- j
nagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum. Miliei, Moiehead, i
Pearce, Simmons, Upham, Webster, WeslcoU, VVoodbridge, |
and Yulee— -2',. \
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, A-hley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Breeze, Bright, Canieion, Ca*s, Ciialineis, Dickinson, (
Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, JVLison, Niles, Sevier, i
8oul6, Sturgeon, and Turney—21. I
The second resolution had been previously with- |
drawn. . i
' 27
WEDNESDAY,'FEBRUARY 17, 1847.
FURTHER WAR MEASURES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States:
Congiess, bv the act of the 13th of May last, declared, that
"bv the act of the republic of Mexico, a state of war exists
between that Government and the United State,-.;  and "for
the purpose of enabling the Government of the United States
to prosecute said war to a speedy and successful termina-
tion," authority was vested in the President to employ the
" naval and military forces ot the United States."
It has been my unalterable purpose, since the commence-
ment of hostilities b\ Mexico, and the declaration oftheex-
lstence of wai by Congress to piot>eeute the war in which
the eouritr.v was unavoidably invok ed with the utmost ener-
gy, with a view to iN <• speedy and successlul teiaiination1'
by an honoiable peace.
Aecordmgh, all the opeiations of our naval and militaiv
forces have been directed with thi< view. While the sword
has been held m one hand, and om niihtai v movements
pressed forward into the enenij "s country, and us coa^t* in-
vested by our navy, the. tend"! of an honoiable poaee ha«
been constantly presented to Mexico m the other.
Hitherto, the overtures of pcace winch have been made
bv tliiv Government have not been accepted by Mexico.
With a view to avoid a proti acted war, which hesitancy
and delay on our part would be so well calculated to pro-
duce, I informed you, m my annual message of the 8th De-
cember Ia<t, that the war would "continue to be pio-eeut.-d
witii vtgoi, a> the be-^t means (if secnringpeace,"and recom-
mended to yom early arid favorable consideration the meas-
ures proposed by the Secretary of War, in ius repot t accom-
panying that message.
In my message of the 4th January last, these and other
measure^ deemed to be ess-enti.il to the "speedv and suc-
cessful termination" of the war, and the attainment of a just
and honorable peace, were recommended to your early and
favorable consideration.
The worst s-'tate of thine-, which could exi^t in a war with
such a powei as Mexico, would be a course of indecision
and inactivity on our part. Kciiig chaiged l v the. Constitu-
tion and the laws with the conduct of the wai, T have avail-
ed myself of all the means at my command to prosecute it
with cneigy and vi nr.
Tin; act •' to i\u-e for a limited time an additional milita-
ry fi.u-e, and for other puipcxe^," and winch authon/.es the
ramus of ten additional regiments to the regular army, to
sei ve during the war, and to be di«jhanded at it* termination,
winch wa> piesented to me on the 11th infant, and appiov-
er! on that dav, will constitute an impoitant part of our mil-
itary force. These regiments will be raised and moved to
the seat of wai with the least practicable delay.
It will be perceived that this act makes no provision for
the organization into brigades and divisions of the increased
force which itauthonzes, noi for the appointment ot general
officers to command it. It will be proper that authontv be
given by law to make «uch organization, and to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, such number
of major generals and brigadier generals as the efficiency of
the service ma\ demand. The number of officers of the^e
grades, now in service are not more than arc required for
their respective command*; but fuither legislative action
during your present s"-siou will, in my judgment, be requi-
red, and to which it is my duty lespeetfnlly to invito your
attention.
Should the war.contrary to mv earnest desire, be protract-
ed to the elope of the tei m of --ei\ iee of' the volunteer^ now
m Mexico, who engaged for twelve months, an additional
volunteer force will probably become neee-saiv to supply
their place. Many of the volunteers now serving in Moxieo,
it is not doubted, would eheeitnllv engage, at theeonelnnori
of their present term, to ser\t during the wai. Thev would
constitute a more efficient force than could be speedily ob-
tained bv accepting the service^ of anynew corp* who miirht
ofrer their services. They would have the advantage ot the
experience and discipline of a year's* service, and will have
become accustomed to the climate, and be m less danger
than new Ipvjp-- ot suffering fiom the dneatesof the country. !
I recommend. th"iefoie, that authority be given to accept '
the scivicc^ of such of the volunteeis now in Mexico as the J
telale of the pnMie ^.et vice may requite, and who may. at the j
termination of their present t^rni, voluntarily engage to serve j
during the war with Mexico,and flint provision be made foi
cotiimi^inning the officers. Should this measure leceive
the favoiahle consideration of Congn «-=, it is recommended
that a bounty be gianted to them upon their voluntanh ex-
tending th"ir frm of service. This would not only b" due |
to thece gallant men, but it would he economy to the Gov- 1
eminent; because, if dischaiged at the end of the twelve ,
months, the Government ^ ould be bound to incur a heavy :
expense in bringing them back to their homes, and in send- j
ing to the seat of war new corps of fresh troops to supply i
then place.
Bv the act of the thnteenthof May la-t, the President was
aufhoiized to accept the services of volunteers, " ,n com-
panies, battalions, squadron®. and regiment';," but no provi-
sion wa«5 made for filling up vacancies winch might occur by ,
deatn, or discharges from the service, ori account of nek- 1
nes« oi other ciisualttci. In consequence of this omission, i
many of the corps now in service have been much ledueed 1
m numbers. Nor was any piovisjon made for filling varan- I
cies of lcurtmental or, company officers who might dip or j
resign. Information has been received at the War D«- psut- r
ment of the resignation of more than one hundred of these j
officers. Thevwere appointed bythe State authorities, and ,
nomfoimation ha* been ioeeived,exceptin a few instances, 1
New Series No. 27.
that their places have been filled; and the efficiency of the
service has been impaired from this cause. To remedy
these defects, I lecommend that authoiity be given to ac-
cept the service.* of individual volunteers, to fill up the
places of such as may die, or become unfit for the service
and he discharged; and that provision be also made for fil-
ling the places of regimental and company officer* who may
die or resign. By such provisaons, the volunteer corps may
be constantly kept full, or may approximate the maximum
number authorized and called into service in the fir.st in-
stance.
Winle it is deemed to be our true policy to prosecute the
war in the manner indicated, and thus make thepnemy feel
its pressure and its evils, i shall be at fill times ready, with
the authoiity eonfeired on me by the Constitution, and with
ail the means which may be placed at my command by Con-
gress, to conclude a ju-t and honoiable peace.
Of equal importance with an eneigetic and vigorous pros-
eeulioii of the war aie the means required to defray ite ex-
- pen-.es, and to uphold and maintain the public credit.
! In ni> annual menage of the 8th December la&t, I sub-
| mitted for the consideration of Congress the propriety of
I imposing, as a war measure, revenue duties on some of the
j articles now embiaeed in the free list. The principal arti-
i eles now exempt horn duty, fiom which any considerable
icvt-nue could be deuved, tire tea and coffee. A moderate
revenue duH on the;-e article:-, it is estimated, would pro-
diKe aunu.dlv an amount exceeding two and a half millions
ofdollnis- Though ma period of peace, when ample means
could be derived horn duties on other articles for the sup-
port ot the Government, it may have been deemed pioper
not to resort to a duty on these articles; yet, when the
eountiy is engaged in a foreign -war, and all our resources
are demanded to meet the unavoidable mcieased expendi-
tuie in maintiining our aimies in the field,no sound reason
is perceived why we should not avail ourselves of the reve-
nues which may be derived from this source. The objec-
tions which have heretofore existed to the impo>ition of
these dntie.s were applicable to a state of peace, when they
were not needed. VVcaie now, however, engaged in a for-
eign vvat. We need money to prosecute it, and to maintain
the public honor and ciedit. It cannot be doubted that the
patriotic people of the United States would cheerfully, and
without complaint, submit to the payment of this additional
duty, or any othei that mav be necessary to maintain the
honor of th« couutij, provide for the unavoidable expenses
of the Government, and to uphold the public ciedit. It is
recommended that anv duties which may be imposed on
thehe nmeles be limited m their duration to the period of
the. wai
An additional annual revenue, it is estimated, of between
half a million and a million of dollars, would be derived
from the giaduation and reduction of the price of such of the
public lands as have been long ofFeied in the market at the
minimum pi ice established bythe existing laws, and have
remained unsold. And, in addition to other leasons com-
manding the measure to favoiable consideration, it is re-
commended as a financial measure. The duty suggested on
tea and coffee, and the graduation and reduction of the price
of the public lands., would secure an additional annual reve-
nue to the treasury of not less than thiee millions of dol-
lars, and would thereby prevent the necessity of inclining
a public debt annually to that amount, the interest on which
must be pairl semi-annually, and ultimately th^debt itself,
by a tax on the people.
Tt is a ^ound policy, and one which has Jong been ap-
pioved by the Government and people of the United States,
never to resort to loans unless m cases of great public emer-
gency, and then only for the smallest amount which the
public nece-miies will permit.
Tlu  inerca-ed levenuos which the measures now recom-
mended would produce would, moreover, enable the Gov-
ernment to negotiate a loan, for any additional sum which
mav l>r found to be needed, with more facility, and at cheaper
rates than can be done without them.
Under the injunction of the Constitution which makes it
mv duty " from tinif1 to time to give to Congress information
of the s-tate of the Union, and to rerommertd to their con-
sideration such measuies" as shall be pulsed "necessary
and expedient," I icspectfuMy and earnestly invite the action
of Congress on the m< asure> herein pics< nted for their con-
sideration. The pnb!iegood,as well as si seme of m\ respon-
sibility to our common constituents, in my ludgment, impe-
riously demand that I '•hould present them for vour enlight-
ened coiif-ideration, and invoke favorable action upon them
before the close of v out present session.
JAMES K. POLK.
W vfiirxci i on. Fchruitrt/13, 1847.
On motion, the message was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The Senate then adjourned.
i   
i HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 13, 1847.
; The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
! Mr. POLLOCK, on leave given, moved that the
i Committee of the Whole House be discharged
■ fiom the further consideration of the bill for the
' relief of the executors of John Noins, deceased,
and that it be recommitted to the Committee of
Claims*, which was ordered accordingly.
! On motion of Mr. HUNGEIIFORO, the House
' resolved ifsclf into Committee of the Whole on th6
