420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
change take place? To whom shall be allotted the
task of leading the recusants to the confessional?
Mr. BRODHEAD interposed, (Mr. Jenkins
yielding the floor,) and said: I have frequently
heard references made to the North in this debate.
Gentlemen talk about the North., 1 claim to speak
for no portion of the country but the district-I rep-
resent—a district which gives five thousand demo-
cratic majority; and I am representing the wishes
of that people upon this question. I do not want
continually to heat* my motives called in question
by gentlemen talking about freedom, and standing
up f«r the rights of the North. I have long been in
public life, and I may be when the gentleman from
New York shall be forgotten.
Mr. JENKINS. The honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania has announced that he lives m a dis-
trict of iive thousand democratic majority. I would
respectfully inquire what his majority was at the
last election?
Mr. BRODHEAD. At that election there were
nine thousand democratic voters detained at home
by the storm. I received twelve hundred majority,
a larger majority in proj^prlion to the vote cast than
I had ever before received.
Mr. JENKINS. Detained at home by the storm!
If the honorable gentleman votes against the Wil-
mot proviso, he will find the storm not over when
he reaches home! Sir, when the gentleman shall
run again for Congress, these nine thousand voters
detained at home by the storm will not fail to be at
the polls, emphatically to express their disapproba-
tion of his vote on this question. When the hon-
orable gentleman's constituents saw that his name
was not recorded on this question last year, no
storm was needed to apologize for thrit remaining
at home.
But what will be the effect of adopting this pro-
viso at this time ? It is true that its requirements
will be accomplished without inserting anything
in a treaty with Mexico on the subject of slavery.
Hence the Senate, in Executive session on such a
treaty, will not be required to act on that question.
No embarrassment will arise from this source. But
this proviso being part and parcel of the transaction
in acquiring territory, is itself a pledge to those
who shall settle it, that slavery shall not be intro-
duced. Its elfect upon the country in question will
be equivalent to the elfect of the ordinance of 1787
oyer the Northwest Territory. It will invite to this
distant region, people for settlers opposed to the
institution of slavery. Such men are to be found
in the South as well as the North. Thus, although
slavery was prohibited in the Northwest Territory,
a Urge portion of the inhabitants of Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois, came therefrom the slavoholding
States. The assertion that the exclusion of this
institution from the territory in question will de-
bar the people of the South from its enjoyment, is
not supported by experience. Many, very many,
from the South regard this institution as an evil,
and arc satisfied of iu deleterious influence. Give i-
them an opportunity for this beneficial change in a
climate congenial to thwir own.
if slavery is allowed to fasten itself upon the
bosom of this new country, the free and enterpri-
sing laborer will not go there, but bond his course
to a section where the severe virtue of a vigorous
toil is respectcd. Admit slavery, and vou exclude
ait other labor. If Texas were free, "it would be
settled half a century sooner than under the influ-
ence of that institution. Why, then, throw the
sable pall over the fair heritage beyond the moun-
tains, just as it is bursting into life ?
Mir, it is important to begin uoht. If free labor be
firat encouraged there, depend on it noneothei will
ever be admitted. But if the reverse, the country
must be first worn out and abandoned, as useless,
giving place to free labor two centimes aftei wards
to reclaim and reinvigorate the soil. I cannot bet-
ter elucidate this subject, and show the influence
of an infant settlement over the full-grown state
which succeeds it, than by reference to an item in
the eaWy history of Virginia, in connexion with
recent eflous to establish the common school sys-
tem la rh.u State. It is known that commendable
have been made for some years past for
the geueraJ introduction of common schools in Vir- ,
£i'-'a. Her enlightened Legislature has done all that
a Legislature can well do for the orminment of this '■
ties.'ranle object. But a majority of the people m
mn*t. it wn all, of the counties, as yet absolutely
rehire to enter upon the system. Present reasons,
aouotlesa, are given foX this opposition; but the
true cause, I apprehend, is found nearer the origin
of the settlement. I read from the introduction
to Elliot's Debates, an extract from Sir William
Berkeley's account of the condition of Virginia,
made to the Lord Commissioner in 1671. He
says;
"1 thank God there are no free schools or printing, and
hope wc shall not have this hundred years; for learning has
brought disobedience, and heresy, and sects, into the world,
and printing has divulged them and libels against the Gov-
ernment. God keep ud from both."
This early direction has had a strong influence
for more than a century and a half, and shows the
importance of giving a proper bent to the early in-
stitutions of a colony.
Allow me to express a hope that the amendment
offered by the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania may be supported by a decisive majority. I
think that such a support is due to a large major-
ity of the people of this Union, and to the country
to be acquired.
Mr. STEWART opposed the grant of three
millions of dollars proposed by the bill under con-
sideration, as intended to ratify any treaty the
President of the United States might think proper
to make for the acquisition of territory. It was
the ratification ofatreaty beforehand, and if passed
in its present form, would preclude both Houses
from objecting to ratify and carry out any treaty
whatever which the President might be disposed
to make.
He denounced the war as a Presidential war,
and a war of conquest, and would vote for the
" Wilmot proviso" as the most effectual means, if
carried, of bringing it to a speedy termination.
The object of the Administration was to acquire
new territory to make it slave territory, and if this
prohibition of slavery were imposed by Congress,
their warlike spirit would quickly subside. Still
he had voted supplies because the President, by
plnnguig us into war and our army into danger,
had left him no choice. Ho, had done it for the
protection of our army.
He commented upon the fatuity and madness of
the Administration in involving us in war for the
sake of acquiring territory with which we could do
nothing when got, and which would but prove an
apple of discord, and was fraught with danger to
the existence of the Union itself.
Tie proceeded to review and condemn the policy
of Mr. Polk upon the tariff, and generally: insti-
tuting a comparison between the tariff of 1842 and
1840, and maintaining that the country was far
more prosperous, and the tragisurv far better sup-
plied under the Conner. The tariff of 1842 (he
said) tovrd luxuries, and imposed as little burden
on the homing portion of community as possible;
that of 1816 took off the duty from luxuries, and
imposed it upon necessaries: as an instance of
which, he referred to the reduction, by the latter,
of the tax on brandy and other spirits, to about
half its formei amount. To supply this deficiency
thus caused, the President had finally, in his mes-
sage to-day, the courage to recommend a tax on
tea and coffee. The policy of Mr. Polk (he said)
seemed to he, fiist, to destroy the country, and then
his own party, and he was rapidly succeeding in
both.
When Mr. Stewart had concluded his re-
marks—
Mr. HOI<MES, of South Carolina, obtained the
floor, and said that, being too unwell to go on in
his remarks this evening, he would move that the
committee rise.
The motion being objected to by many of the
members present, (about twenty-five)—
Mr. HOLMES said he would yield his right to
the floor this evening, if it were generally agreed
that he should have the privilege of addressing the
House on this bill on Monday morning.
Mr. PENDLETON rose and asked the Chair
if such an understanding: could be made; he (Mr.
P.) had been endeavoring to obtain the floor for
several days past, and should continue to endeavor
to obtain it up to the last moment.
Mr. HOLMES declining to proceed in his re-
marks this evening-, yielded the floor.
Mr. BROOKENBR0UGH said, upon the sub-
ject of the "Wilmot proviso," unlike many gen-
tlemen from the South, he had no fears for the
institution of slavery, or for the dissolution of the
Union; not from any wilful blindness, but be-
cause, after calm reflection, it appeared to him that
whenever the governments of this country, either
State or Federal, had undertaken tcf legislate in
advance of public opinion, and prescribe rules for
public opinion, their enactments were but a dead
letter on the statute book. Any legislation at this
time, declaring that lands which may hereafter be
acquired by the United States shall be occupied
by one portion of the country to the exclusion of
the other, would he perfectly futile and ineffectual.
From the beginning of the Government down to
the present day, the North and the South had been
j: advancing with giant and equal stride towards the
i! West, and no arbitrary line could restrain the ad-
|l vances of the institutions of either. The Missouri
j; compromise line had only been acquiesced in by
i| the South because north of that line slavery could
j! not £o, from the nature of the case, so as to be for
j- the interest of the people.
:I But granting that the principles of the amend-
j| ment could be enforced, (in case it were adopted,)
Mr. B. presented a picture of the blighting influ-
; ences it would entail upon the South, resulting
j finally in the extermination of the entire white
; race in that section; a consequence disastrous in
the extreme to the North and of all sections of our
country.
On the other hand,if this institution weie allow-
ed to take its natural course, and to spread south-
ward and westward, by diffusion it would lose its
strength, and in the course of a century, he prophe-
sied, its very existence itself. It was already he-
ginning to ebb in the southern States, and white
labor and industry were coming in to take the
place of those of the slave.
Advancing to the subject of the war, and pre-
mising that it was a just war upon our part, a re-
dress of aggressions and wrongs, Mr. B. did not
understand that our Government was, nor would
he have it to be, a new-modelled, Quaker sort
of a Government, which, with hands bound, was
to submit to all public injuries and insults, either
bccausc it was too good to resent them, or because
the Government making them was too poor to
make reparation; but he said, if that party had
waste lands, (as it made no other indemnity*) he
did not see why those waste lands should not be
appropriated by us. It might be called dismem-
berment, robbery, &c.; but nine-tenths of the na-
tions of the present day had no better title to their
own territory than that of conquest. Mexico
should be made to pay our just demands; and if
she had no money, it was no crime to take her
land for indemnity to our citizens and to the Gov -
ernment for the expenses of the war she has
brought upon us. He did not pretend to designate
what portion of her territory; but his; objections to
taking a particular line, and defending and holding
it, were very much removed by the argument of a
distinguished Senator from his own section of the
country a few days since.
He noticed and repelled the charges now made
upon the President of the United States of bring-
ing on this war by claiming and defending the ter-
ritory to the Del Norte, and refeired to the Presi-
dent's message so long ago as December, 1845, in
which he declared that it was our boundajy, as
well as to the report of the Secretary of War of that
date, in which he informed us he had given orders
to the commanding general when he first went into
that country, to occupy posts wherever he pleased
up to the Del Norte, and to the declarations to the
same effect, and at the same time, of our Minister
to Texas and of our Secretary of State; and yet
I gentlemen who now made such grave charges upon
; the President were perfectly quiet and peaceable,
! and never uttered a word of protest, until after the
| war was declared by Congress to exist by the act
| of Mexico! Since which time, they had been con-
| staiitly denouncing and putting their own Govcrn-
, ment in the wrong in reference to it!
J As gentlemen around him were impatient, he
i would not further trespass upon their time than to
j give them some points which he should discuss if
| he ever published his speech. Among those he
j named, he should reply to Mr, G. Davis, and cor-
rect some of his misconceptions of what the Presi-
dent meant to say on the subject of boundary, and
should refer to authorities—of Don Luis Onis, the
Spanish Minister, and others—to show that Texas
extended up to the Rio Grande, and that Spain
always so claimed, and that up to 1S36' it had never
been disputed by any document or any person; and
should also go generally into the history of Texas
and her relations with the Mexican republic bear-
ing upon this point, and tending to establish the
same thing, &c., &c.
