422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
By Mr. MACLAY: The memorial ofthe American Insti-
tute of the city of New York, praying for tlie establishment
in Florida of a botanical gardan for the gradual acclimation
of plants.
By Mr. DARKAGH: A memorial signed by 800 citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to grant
to actual settlers certain portions of the puhhc lands, and
in all cases to exempt the homestead from execution, levy,
or sale.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts: The petition of
37 citizens of Great Barrington, Massachusetts, praying Con-
gress to use all its constitutional powers to bring the war with
Mexico to a close without any further effusion of blood. \
By Mr. ATKINSON: A memonal from the city of Nor- !
folk, Virginia, asking provision by law for the erection of a
new custom-house in that city. i
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 15, 1847.
TheJournal was read and approved.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON presented a petition
from citizens of Maryland, asking the adoption
of measures for the speedy termination of the war
with Mexico; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition from Charles
Stearns, asking to be reimbursed for ccrtain costs
to which he was subjected in a certain suit against
him by the United States; which was referred to
the Committe. on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition from citizens of Worcester, Mas-
sachusetts, in relation to a speedy termination of the
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STURGEON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania in relation to the con-
struction of adry dock in Philadelphia; which w< re
read and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from ror-
tain citizens of New Jersey, asking such alteration
of the laws as will give equal protection to com-
merce and manufactures: which was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a pe-
tition from Thomas P. Harrison, asking confir-
mation to a certain tract of land; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Private Land Claims. .
Also, resolutions ofthe State of Louisiana, in-
structing Senators to obtain a giant of land to each
citizen soldier, or to the widows and orphans of
those citizen soldiers, who bore arms in defence of
Louisiana in the years JK14 and 1815. Also, re-
solutions in favor of completing the marine hospi-
tal at New Oileans, and for admitting sick and dis-
abled soldiers discharged fiom the service ofthe
United States; and for an annual appropriation for
the charity hospital in said city: which were refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES, '
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance, j
reported the bill from the House making appro j
pnations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of I
Government for the year ending the 30th June, ]
1848, and for other purposes, with amendments.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported House hills for the relief of James ,
Green, of Fauquier county, Virginia, and for the '
.relief of Wilfred Ivisote, without amendment. I
Mr. CHALMERS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported House bill for the relief of Jno.
Pickett and others, without amendment.
Also, from the Committee on Commerce, a bill '
making an appropriation for the removal of ob-
structions in Savannah river. i
THE MEXICAN WAR. |
• WEBSTER rose and said that he proposed
to lay upon the table two resolutions respecting ;
the Mexican war. It was not his purpose to intci^ ;
fere, by any proposition of his own,1 with the bill '
now before the Senate, commonly called the three !
million bill, either by way of amendment to that
bill or otherwise; but he wished,at theproper time, 1
to have an opportunity of addressing the Senate in
regard to the existing war, and to say something in |
favor of the two resolutions he now presented to i
the Senate. He would therefore offer the resolu- l
tions, and ask that they may be laid on the table, '
until he should call them up. He asked that the i
resolutions should be read. They were according- j
ly read by the Secretary, as follows: ° 1
Resolved, That the wnr now existing with Mexi- '
co ought not to be prosecuted for the acquisition of
territory to form new States to be added to the
union.
Resolved t That U ought to be signified to the
Government of Mexico that the Government ofthe
United States does not desire to dismember the
Republic of Mexico, and is ready to treat with the
Government of that Republic for peace, for a liberal
adjustment of boundaries, and for just indemnities
due by either Government to the citizens of the
other.
Mr. SEVIER expressed the hope that the hon-
orable Senator would call up his resolutions for
consideration within the present week.
Mr. WEDSTER. Certainly.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. COEWIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to defray the expenses of furnish-
ing the State Department, by the clerks ofthe dis-
trict courts, with the information required under
a resolution of the House of Representatives, of
the 29th Januaiy, 1844.
Mr. EVANS, in pursuance of notice, obtained
leave to bring in a bill to authorize the Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution to purchase from
the Corporation of Washington the City Hall, and
for other purposes.
The bill had its second reading, and was referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
NAVAL PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate
postponed all prior orders, to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill reviving certain naval pen-
sions for five years.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. CALHOUN said this bill was one of very
great importance. He hoped some explanation
of its provisions would he given.
Mr. FAIRFIELD stated that the bill was not
a very important one. Its object was merely to
brins: within the operation of the existing law a
few persons whose pensions had expired shortly
after the passage of that law. There were not
more than five or six oases.
Mr. CALHOUN intimated the necessity for
great caution in passing bills which enlarged our
pension system. Great additions to it had origi-
nated in small beginnings like this. If he under-
stood the matter, these pensions were payable out
of a fund raised from prize money, for the benefit
of the widows of officets of the navy. Originally,
it was designed that this should be confined to the
widows of officers killed in battle Then it was
extended to the widows of officers generally. It
also had been extended to the military service; and
now, if any officer died, whether in battle or not,
his family was provided for.
Mr. MILLER explained that this bill merely
settled the construction of the existing law, ana
arose out of some applications made to "the depart-
ment by a few whose pensions had expired about
a month afterfhe law went into operation.
Mr. FAIRFIELD also explained thnt these i
pensions were intended to benefit the widows of
those who either fell in battle or died in conse-
quence of injuries received in the service. The
law of 1845 provided that these pensions should
be given for five years, and this bill extended its ,
benefit* to those whose pensions had expired after .
its passage.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if it was not intended to i
introduce new cases, he would withdraw his ob- !
jeerion.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with- i
out amendment, and whs ordered to be engrossed. 1
It was then read a third time, and passed. ;
WASHINGTON MONUMENT. ;
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the previous orders
were postponed, and the joint resolution for the
selection of a suitable site for the erection of a mon-
ument to the memory of General George Wash- !
in<rton was taken up; ayes 19, noes 14. ;
The joint resolution was then considered as in j
committee of the whole. i
Mr. MILLER expressed a hope that the joint 1
resolution might be actcd on promptly, as the man- >
agers wished to lay the corner stone on the 22d ,
instant. j
Mr. CALHOUN submitted to the Senator from !
New Jersey that it would be regarded as discour- j
teons to the Senator from Missouri, who was not j
in his seat, to urge the passage of this joint resolu- !
tion in his absence. That Senator, it would be j
recollected, had opposed this measure at the last I
session, and expressed his intention to produce 1
some new facts when it should be again brought
forward. As an act of courtesy to the Senator
from Missouri, therefore, he moved to lay the joint
resolution on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to; ayes 17, noes 16.
Mr. N1LES gave notice that he would call up
the bill to regulate postage to-morrow, as it was a
matter of vital concern to the financial department
of the Post Office.
The bill to repeal the pilot law of 1837 was taken
up in committee of the whole; but, on motion of
Mr. MILLER, the further consideration was post-
poned until to-morrow.
WAR STEAMERS.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration ofthe bill to build and
equip four additional steamers for the use of the
navy of the United States.
Mr. DAYTON requested some information as
to the cost of these vessels, and by whom they
had been asked for.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, the bill contained but a
single provision, and required no elaboiate expla-
nation. It rested on the recommendation of the
President in his annua! message, and on that of
the Secretary of the Navy. Mr. F. here read ex-
tracts from the public documents. He had also
received a letter from the Secretery of the Navy,
and another from the Chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction, Commodore Warrington; and on the
authority of these recommendations, he had been
instructed by the Committee on Naval Affairs to
report the bill. The necessity of at least one ve§-
j sel of this description, to be attached to each of our
! squadrons, must be obvious to every one. Their
utility as a means of communication between dif-
i ferent poits, for towing vessels in a calm, orwhen
I vessels were exposed to a lee shore, or for the
transmission of information, was perfectly appa-
rent. The war in which we were now engaged
offered another reason. It was true, they might
not be ready for service during the war, the termi-
nation of which was doubtful; but as a part of our
peace establishment such vessels were necessary.
Whether they were to be built for propellers, or
not, the bill did not say; it was a subject which
the committee did not feel themselves competent to
decide. Experiments were going on, the result of
which would determine the character of these ves-
sels. Considering the disposition always mani-
fested to put our naval establishment on a proper
footing, and the late period of the session, he
hoped the bill would pass without delay.
Mr. DAVIS wished to know the expense of the
vessels.
Mr. FATR.FIELD. The estimate was §500,000
each.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. Any time suggested
when they will be finished?
Mr. FAIRFIELD. None. The materials are
not yet determined on.
Mr. DAVIS. What amount does the bill ap-
propriate ?
Mr. FAIRFIELD. One million.
Mr. DAVIS said he had always felt inclined to
vote for strengthening our navy. Even if we were
in profound peace, arid the state of our finances
permitted, he would be in favor of these steamers,
looking at the extent of our commerce, which finds
its way over the whole face of the earth, entering
into the markets of all the nations of the world.
The use of steam, either for offensive operations
or defensive purposes, was important. It had
drawn the attention of all commercial nations, and
most of the governments of Europe had availed
themselves of it. We ought to keep pace with the
times, to increase our steam navy, and take every
means to obtain greater practical skill in the con-
struction and armament of such vessels. All these
considerations would justify this increase even in
a state of profound peace. But in the last Euro-
pean journals he saw a new motive for this meas-
ure. He believed we had now no squadron, not
a single ship, in the Mediterranean; and the foreign
papers announce that in London there was now
an office opened for the sale of letters of marque.
The names of three of these vessels were given.
They were equipped there for the purpose of cruis-
ing against the commerce of the U nited States. If
there was any valuable service in which steamers
could be employed, it would be against such ves-
sels striving to assail our commerce on the great
highway of nations. They ought now to be ready.
