1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
He would not, at this time, go more largely into
this subject. But he hoped the bill would be fa-
vorably considered, without leference to the war.
The state of our finances, it was true, admonished
us to be economical, and an appropriation of two
millions was a large appropriation. But if they
who had the responsibility said they wanted them,
he was prepared to accede to their wishes.
Mr. NILES said his friend from Maine had
acted very properly in bringing; this bill before the
Senate." But he (Mr. N.) did not understand this
increase to be recommended for the purpose of car-
rying on the war. These vessels were advocatrd
on the ground of their convenience. Were we in
a different state of things as to finances, and if the
other expenses consequent on the war would ad-
mit, he might be disposed to favor this bill. But
he was inclined to believe that the best way, unless
these vessels were essentially necessary for the
war, or for a time of peace, would be to adopt the
course commenced last session, and encourage the
increase of private steamers. In point of economy
this was preferable, as they might be employed at
half the expense of construction. There was now j
a steamer, the Washington, nearly ready, which ;
would be, without question, the best steamship
afloat. She had cost $300,000, little more than half
which we arc asked for, and better than any we
have These vessels would he efficient when need-
ed for service. The Governments ot Great Britain
and France had adopted this principle, and would
not have continued it, had it not been found ad-
vantageous. Their example was worthy our imi-
tation. This bill, too, would involve an appro-
priation of two millions, in the midst of a war, and
while we were drawing largely on our treasury.
They were not assumed to be necessary for the
war, and therefore we should pause before we au-
thorize such a large outlay. The President had,
in his message, recommended that no appropria-
tions should be made, but such as were absolutely
necessary, and this was a proposition to enlarge
our navy for a time of peace. We had gone on,
ever since the commencement of the session, ma-
king large appropriations, amounting already to
many millions, and we were now required to swell
the list further. We were going on, he would not
say recklessly, but improvidently, in appropriating
thus largely while we had a war on hand, and a
force of forty thousand men in the field. Every
way we were met by expenses. Appropriations
were made almost without limit. And what single
thing had been done to sustain the country under
these heavy expenditures? None in the world.
Only a single proposition had been submitted, and
that included not more than half the amount appro-
priated by this bill. It would be acting unwisely
to authorize further expenses unless they are ne-
cessary for the war.
^ Mr. CALHOUN expressed his entire concur-
rence with these views. It was a great point to
restrict our appropriations, and to incur no expen-
diture which could be avoided. If war was to go
on, he knew not how we should get through. Yet
from the appropriations, day after day, it might be
supposed that our treasury was overflowing. He
would postpone this appropriation until after the
war. He was opposed to it at this time.
Mr. FAIRFIELD briefly replied, reiterating his
former arguments.
The bill was then reported without amendment
to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed. It was
then read a third time and passed.
Mr. SEVIER gave notice that he should move
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of such
private bills as had originated in the Senate during
the morning hour to-morrow.
[Several cries of "Agreed! agreed !"]
Mr. HUNTINGTON gave noticethathe should
move to proceed to the consideration of the naval
appropriation bill the day after to-morrow.
THREE MILLION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the bill making an appropriation of three
millions of dollars for the purpose of bringing the
existing war with Mexico to a conclusion, with the
amendments proposed by the Senator from Geor-
gia and the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BAGBY addressed the Senate. He began
by expressing the hope, notwithstanding the dis-
couragement to such a hope, which arose from the
scenes which were daily occurring around them,
that the Senate would, to the best of its ability,
facilitate the operations of the Executive in regard
to this war, and especially that they would be dis-
posed to favor such measures as were calculated to
bear more immediately upon the attainment of a
speedy and honorable peace. He proposed, first,
in pursuance of the course which he had marked
out for himself, to consider the bill as reported by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and after-
wards to make some observations in relation to the
propositions which had been submitted by way of
amendment to the bill. The bill proposed to ap-
propriate three millions of dollars, in addition to
the appropriations formerly made by Congress for
this purpose, to bring the war with Mexico to a
conclusion; but this appropriation differed from
those which went before it, inasmuch as it was in-
tended to meet any extraordinary expense that
might be inclined. And here an exception had
been taken by some honorable gentlemen to the
passage of the bill, because it was providing for
extraordinary expenses. The proposition might
be considered under two aspects. In cither or both
of these aspects, he was in favor of it. If the ap-
propriation were designed to facilitate the further
prosecution of the war, so as by that means to
bring it to a speedy and honorable termination, he
was in favor of it; and if it were designed to bring
the existing war to a speedy and honorable con-
clusion without further prosecuting it, he was still
more m favor of it. Whether it were regarded as
a war measure or a peace measure, therefore, it
should have his support. These views embraced
everything that the bill contained, and he confess-
ed that he was at a loss, therefore, to account for
some of the objections that had been made to its
passage on the part of those who were opposed to
a further prosecution of the war.
Some gentlemen on the other side took great
credit to themselves for voting all the supplies that
were asked for the purpose of prosecuting: the war,
and at the same time, and in the same breath,
they declared that the war was an unjust and an
unholy war. He could not for his life see how
gentlemen could reconcile it to themselves to make
provision for prosecuting what they believed to be
an unholy and an unjust war. What kind of mo-
rality was it—and he asked the question not by
way of offence to the gentlemen, but in the mere
simplicity of his understanding—what kind of mo-
rality was it that would induce gentlemen to con-
tribute means to accomplish an object which they
denounced as unholy and unjust* If the war
were unholy and unjust, why carry it on ? Was
there any real difference between engaging in an
unholy and unjust war and carrying on such a
war ? The old and homely adage that the receiver
is as bad as the thief would not be inapplicable to
such a case as that. He could see no difference
in point ofmora'ity,orof patriotism either. There
was another point which had struck him as mo«t
extraordinary in the progress of this debate. It
was this: The President had been denounced here
for having set this war on foot, according to the
views of gentlemen. This was all that he had
been charged with. And how had this war (thus
unrighteously begun, accoiding to the gentlemen's
construction) been followed up? By victory after
victory. By victories winch, according to the
Senator from Ohio, had co\ered not only those
engaged in them, but the country too, with im-
perishable renown. Imperishable renown, then,
had been acquired by the prosecution of an unjust
and unholy war.
Mr. CORWIN said he had no doubt that the
honorable Senator meant to quote him correctly,
but he had nevertheless misstated what he had
said.
Mr. BAGBY. I took down theuSenator's lan
guage as nearly as I understood it.
Mr. CORWIN. If the Senator will permit me
I will express what I intended to say upon that
subject.
Mr. BAGBY. With great pleasure.
Mr. CORWIN. It never occurred to me that
true glory could be acquired in the prosecution of
a war for an unjust object. What I meant to say
was, that the officers and soldiers engaged in the
war had fought well and bravely, and, as far as
courage and skill in the operations of war were
concerned, I had no doubt they were entitled to as
much credit as was due to those who had acted
nobly in the sphere in which they were engaged;
but my own impression, I thought, was given very
clearly that this military renown that has made so
much noise in the world in all times, and is likely
to make some with us now, is such as no Chris-
tian man can approve.
Mr. BAGBY said: Fortunately, they were not
confined to declarations made in the heat of debate.
The manner in which the war had been prosecu-
ted, and the manner in which the victories had
been won, did not depend upon frail recollection.
They had documents upon their table, expressing
the admiration and gratitude of the Government of
this country for the manner in which these battles
had been fought, and the great moral lesson taught
by them. There was one thing which could not
escape the dullest apprehension. The object of
this debate could not be misunderstood. It was to
render the Administration unpopular. The object
had been to throw all the odium of this war upon
tiie Administration, while the glory and renown
attending it was intended to be given to others. If
his honorable friends on the other side admitted
that any glory belonged to the war, they should
not be permitted to deprive the Administration of
any part of that glory.
The propriety of passing or'rejecting measures
in relation to this subject, depended, as it appeared
to him, upon two points: and the determination of
the fiist of these two points would determine wheth-
er the war was an unjust and unholy war or not.
To determine whether the war was an unjust war,
it was necessary to inquire into its causes. The
Senator from New Jersey, if he had understood
him, seemed to think that some of the causes which
had been assigned were sufficient to justify a na-
tion in going to war; yet all put together were not
sufficient. The Senator enumerated grievance after •
grievance, injury after injury, that we had sustain-
ed at the hands of Mexico; some of which he con-
sidered sufficient causes for a war, and yet he be-
lieved at last that we were not justified in going to
war. From the very inception of the war it had
been his opinion, and no man, he thought, could
come to any other rational conclusion, that the war
was fully justified.
A great measure which agitated the public mind
, raoie than any other since he had been upon the
I stage of public life—he meant the annexation of
Texas to this country—had been to a greater ex-
tent than any other perhaps the cause of the war.
The only po'ssible difference in regard to it seemed
to be whether it was a proximate or the immediate
cause. For his own part he believed it was not
only one but both. Gentlemen would recollect
that they were mistaken in supposing that this
was a war eommcneed by the United States against
Mexico. It was n war commenced by Mexico
against the United States. Mexico was in hostile
attitude towards this country before our troops
were removed from Corpus Christi. Mexico con-
sidered the annexation of Texas to this country as
sufficient cause for war, and she acted upon that
supposition. If the annexation of Texas to this
country was an unholy act, then he admitted that
it might be said that the war was an unholy war.
About the unconstitutionality of the war, he
had not a word to say. There was no utility in
discussing constitutional questions among those
who were required to have attained the age of
thirty years before entering these Halls, where he
saw around lum men who had been thirty years
engaged in the business of legislation. Such meni
had not now to be informed upon points of consti-
tutional law. They were already fully informed.
No discussion was therefore requisite. But as re-
garded the avoidability of the war, he thought,
whether the war was constitutional or not, it
might have been avoided; but when might it have
been avoided, and how ? Surely, most surely, not
by this Administration, because the war was vir-
tually commenced, or at least the causes of the war
existed, before this Administration came into pow-
er. The annexation of Texas was not the act of
this Administration. He had himself favored the
annexation. He had sealed his approbation °* !*■
in every form in which legislation was concerned,
! but the avoidability of the war depended on the
' mode and manner in which that measuie was to
! be accomplished. He had expressed his opinion
! at the time as to the mode and manner m which it
should be accomplished, and he behe\ed if the
mode which he had indicated had been pursued,
under the providence of God influencing the actions
of men, the war could have been avoided. This
he thought had been fully established by what had
