426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH asked whether it
was possible that a resolution directly touching the
privileges of the House of Repiesentatives was to
be pronounced out of order, and whether he was
to be precluded from explaining the purpose and
nature of the resolution?
The CHAIR ruled that Mr. Brockenbrough
must first send up his resolution to be read before
he could make a speech upon it.
He then sent it up to the Clerk's table, and it
was read as follows:
Whereas it is understood by the House of Representative <
that on Saturday, the thirteenth instant, in the chamber of
the Senate of the United States, in open Senate, a Senator
from the Stale of Fiovida used the following language, to
wit:
" I warn the Democracy of this country, the people of
this country, that they do not know one-twentieth part of
the corruption, the feculent, reeking corruption in this re-
spect in this Government for years pa-t. I ti-N the people of
this country that the Governmpnf and institutions of this
count! v have been and will he used an a machine to plunder
them for office beggars, and to perpetuate the possesion of .
political jiower. I solemnly believe, if the people of the Uni-
tedfttates knew the mannei in which their Governmentwus
conducted, if they could be all assembled atth^ city of Wash-
ington, they would he excited to kick up a revolution in
twenty-four hours, which would tumble the President, h^ads
of department, both Houses of Congress, Democrats and
WhujSj hods over he-id into the Potomac,and I believe they
would act right in.so doing:'5
And whereas silence on the part of this House may seem
an acquiescence in the truth ot the rematk, and an indispo-
sition 01 indifference to the correction of the evil on thr pait
of the Repiesentatives of the people ; and whereas J;no mem-
ber of either House can he questioned in anv other place for
any speech or debate ;J' and thi* House, from the va ueness>
and wantor'speeificatiori in the charge, possc^es no means
of vindication or investigation ; and wiieipas this House,
speaking only foj itself, deems investigation peculiarly nc-
ce««wy, a-, well fiom the boundle^ geneiality and the exces-
sive, dangerous', mid degrading ciiaraetei of th  corruption
charged, as fioni the high position, and lofty place whence
the ch.uge emanates, being made without foimal contradic-
tion in th* presence of all The States o!" tin; Ameiicati (Jrnon,
and all the great Powers of the world by their representatives:
Be it, thejotore.
Resolved ly the House of Representatives of Ike People of
the United States of Jhneiua, That a committee of one
member from eaeh State shall be, appointed, whose duty it
shall be to wait upon the Senate of the. United States at the
fir>t convenient moment, wnen in open session, and deliver
to the President of the Senate, for the consideration of that
body tin* preamble and these resolutions, and to request the
Senate n\o t le-pKCtfully to take such measures a& may seem
best adapted to procure, as speedily a<> possible, the most
accurate attainable specification of peiisons, times places,
and ciicumstances, intended to be included in the charge in
the pieamble mentioned, so far as the same relates to the
IIou>e ot Representatives; and further to iequp«t mo^t re-
fipeciiully that the Senate will be pleased to communicate the
re^ilt of their pioceedmg- upon that subject tothih Uou-e at
th" earliest convenient rune, in such manner as the Senate
mav d^em mo=f pjopor, to tin* end that such pioeeedings
be la'd beroie the American people for then mfoimahon ami
aeiioii, and that this House may adopt *ueh measures as its
ov\ it honor and the inieie^ts of the people it, represents may
require
Beit further resolved* That the committee have leave to
perform us duties during the session of the House.
Mr. J. R. TNGERSOLL objected to Mr. Brock-
enbrougii's proceeding, as wholly out of otder.
The SPEAKER said, that in the deliberate
opinion of the Chair, the resolutions were not of
that kind of privilege of which the House could
take cognizance.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH said that he con-
sidered it his duty to present the question in such
a form as should make it manifest that he had not
silently and tamely acquiesced m a charge like this,
comma: from an individual who represented the
State from which he came. He occupied, m this
respect, a peculiar position. None was more re-
luctant than he to interrupt the business of the
House; but he could not sit still under the charge
that the corruption of the present Administration
was so great that the people of Florida, if they
heard and saw what was done heie, would think
it a worthy cause of creating a civil and political
re\ olution.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, rose to order.
The gentleman was making, it seemed, a general
speech on the merits of a certain charge brought
not in this House, but in another body.
The CHAIR juled that Mr. Brockenbrough
must confine his remarks to the lesoiutions he had
offered.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH resumed,and again
stated that the circumstances of this case rendered
it incumbent on him to move in regard to it, and
to endeavor that the House should take such ster>s
as might comport with its own dignity, by in-
quiring into the specific charges which had "been
preferred as well against its own integrity as that
of the Administration. Should he return home,
after sitting quietly here and submitting to hear
such charges from such a quarter, he would not
meet with a very favorable reception.
A charge like this went upon the wings of the
wind. The eyes of all nations were turned upon
us to learn results of the experiment of a free Gov-
ernment; and when they witnessed a charge so
grave as this, proceeding from an elevated and in-
fluential station, in presence of the Legislature and
the nation—in the youth and early bud of the Gov-
ernment—that it was already so filled with fecu-
lent corruption that, did the people but know the
facts; they would rise in their majesty and hurl
the whole Government, President and all, into the
Potomac, it was certainly a case which called—for
the notice of a co-ordinate branch of Government.
He asked for the infliction of no punishment—for
the adoption of no degrading censure—nothing
that was in any way disrespectful to the Senate;
but simply an inquiry as to the specific charges
preferred by the Representative of one of the States
of this Confederacy. Rumor often formed a valid
ground for instituting official proceedings; and the
difficulty of action in regard to words spoken in
another branch of the Legislature was much less
than formerly, since there were reporters recog-
nised as under obligation to give true reports of
what took place in debate. He thought that the
silent acquiescence of the House under charges so
disgraceful as these would not be creditable to the
body.
Mr. B. here read from Jefferon's Manual on the
question of order.
He wanted to know from the Chair what rule
of order would be violated by adopting these res-
olutions, and acting in confoimity with them ? If
this charge came from the press of the country, or
from any source of less elevation and dignity than
one who represented a sovereign State, it might be
beneath the dignity of the House to notice it. But
this was a different case.
At all events, Mr. B., in bringing forward the
resolutions, had done his duty, in conformity with
the relations he sustained to the people of Florida.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the previous question,
which was seconded, put, and carried; and the
question being on the appeal of Mr. Brocken-
brough from the ruling of the Chair, the decision
of the Speaker was affirmed without a count.
So the resolutions moved by Mr. Brocken-
brough were decided not to be of a privileged
character, and the offering of them was therefore
out of order.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that, as one question of
privilege had been disposed of, it might not be an
inappropriate time to settle forever another ques-
tion of a privileged character. He would there-
fore now present the report of the Select Commit-
tee appointed on a certain report which had ap-
peared in the Union touching the proceedings of
the House m relation to his colleague [Mr. Went-
wortij] some days since. As a majority of the
committee were of opinion that nothing could be
decided on without an examination of the members
who had been present in the House on the occa-
sion referred to, and as the summoning and exam-
ination of these witnesses would be more than suf-
ficient to occupy the residue of the present session,
when the further jurisdiction of this Congress
would cease, he had been directed by the commit-
tee to ask that they be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject referred to them.
The following is the report of the committee:
The sclect committee appointed ro examine into the "Union5"1
repoi t of the proceedings of the House, on Saturday, the
6th mutant, have directed the following report •
That all the membeis of the committee assembled, and
pioceeded to consult uponthe mode of conducting the inves-
tigation ; that a majoi sty of the committee aie of the opinion
that moit of the member* and p?ixon* present in the Hall at
the time would necessarily be reqiuied to be examined on
oath; arid that their testimony, including questions and an-
fewer?, should bo taken down m full.
Your committee arc unanimously of the opinion, that if
this cour-e should be adopted, the entire balance of the ses-
sion would not afford sufiicient time to examine one-half of
the witnesses ; and. for tins want of time, the committee
have directed me to ask to be di&eliaiged from the further
consignation of the subject.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee
discharged accordingly.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he would refer to one
other question of privilege, and then he would be
done, as he hoped, from henceforth.
In the Union's report of the speech made by Mr.
Douglass, in behalf of his resolution to expel the
reporters of that paper, there had been manifested
purposely the greatest unfairness and partiality;
and he must therefore protest for the future against
the reports of that paper being read or referred to
as authority against him.
Mr. FRIES, by leave, presented a similar reso-
lution from the Legislature of the State of Ohio as
that presented by Mr. Brinkerhoff at the former
part of the day. Laid on the table.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the special
order.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT moved to post-
pone the special order, for the purpose of taking
up in committee the bill for the relief of Ireland.
Mr. Hunt's motion to postpone was disagreed
to.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole (Mr. Reuben Chapman in the chair)
on the special order, viz. bills relating to Terri-
tories.
The first bill taken up was the bill to admit the
Territory of Wisconsin into the Union as a State.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL said he perceived in
this bill a reference made to a constitution adopted
by the people of Iowa for their government as a
State. Had that constitution ever been laid before
this House ? He had never seen it.
Mr. DOUGLASS stated that it had been com-
municated m a message from the President, print-
ed by order of the House, and laid on the tables of
members. It had been examined carefully by the
Committee on the Territories, and that committee
were unanimous in reporting the present bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL wished that it might be read;
but the committee refused leave.
Mr. DROMGOOLE protested against the action
of Congress m passing on a constitution adopted
by the people of a Teintory. Ij was mere usurpa-
tion. It was for the people themselves to judge
whether their own constitution was u republican"
or not. Of the present constitution of Iowa he
would say, that it was republican in its character,
and was prepared to prove what he said.
After some further remarks from Mr. DOUG-
LASS, and an objection from Mr. CALEB B.
SMITH to the reception of what was not yet a
State, but merely a Territory in a state of transi-
tion fiorn its chrysaloid condition; an explanation
from Mr. MARTIN, and a rejoinder from Mr.
C. B. SMITH—
The, bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The bill to create an additional land office in the
Territory of Wisconsin was then taken up and
read.
Mr. SAWYER moved to add the following pro-
viso at the end of the section:
" Provided, That no public lands shall be sold
under the provisions of this act except to actual
settlers."
In supporting this motion, Mr. S. dwelt on the
evil effects on any part of the country, occasioned
by having its lands in the hands of speculators—
the retardation of their settlement, the want of
roads, the want of schools, and the increase m the
price of land. The adoption of such a proviso
would bring the lands into market, and cause them
to be sold, and would also relieve the district of
country from extra taxation, and soon intersect it
with railroads, canals, and other marks of im-
provement and social prosperity.
The President had recommended a graduation
in the price of the public lands. AVhy did Demo-
cratic gentlemen from Pennsylvania and New
York oppose it? From the fear that the white
slaves in their factories and their mines might be
induced to leave them, and get comfortable homes
and independence in the new States?
Mr. WOOD, of New York, here interposed to
say, that as New York had no coal mines, she
could not very well employ white slaves in them.
Mr. SAWYER asked if she had no factories.
He did not, to be sure, reside in the Territory of
Wisconsin; but he felt very sure that the people
who did would thank him for the movement he had
this day made. He. was utterly hostile to land
speculators, and considered them as the greatest
curse with which a new country could be afflicted.
Mr. S. then went on to say, that he had been
very anxious for an opportunity to say a few
things on the bill which the House had had under
consideration to-day, (the three-million bill.) And
