1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427-
as they were now in Committee of the Whole, he
would take the usual liberty, and would say now
what he had intended to say before. He voted
both against the bill and against the Wilmot pro-
viso, not that he was opposed to making men free
and keeping them free, but because this proposi-
tion came from a quarter which he did not consider
as friendly to this Administration. Gentlemen
who proposed amendments here, and who had
finally fixed the Wilmot proviso upon the bill,
knew perfectly well that the provisions of it could
not be enforced. The country was now at war,
and the Administration was asking a supply of
money to endeavor to make peace. Would this
Wilmot proviso at alf effect it? Gentlemen knew
very well that it could be repealed at any time that
was deemed necessary. But if this were not so,
they knew full well that the amendment never
could pass the Senate; and if it did, the treaty-ma-
king power would not leeogmse it. But if they
should, and insert this as a condition in the treaty,
it would still require two-thirds of the Senate to
ratify the treaty in every article of it. And did the
authors of this proviso expect to get two-thirds of
the Senate in its favor? They expected no such
thing. They knew it could not be done. Why,
then, has it been brought into the House? The
real object was plain enough. It was brought in
for the purpose of defeating the bill—of stopping
the war, of embarrassing the Administration, and
especially of embarrassing certain Demociats here
by making them show their hands.
As for himself, he was ready to show his hand
at any time. lie had nothing to hide. Well,
these Democratic gentlemen had shown their hands.
They had voted the proviso, and some of those
who had done so had since said to him that it was
the bitterest pill they had ever swallowed. And
the only political eliect of the measure would be
to give the Whigs a double advantage over the
Democratic paity in the coining Presidential elec-
tion. The proviso was now dividing the Demo-
cratic party. The result would probably be to cut
it up into fragments, and possibly to conquer it.
What would follow? Everybody knew—these
gentlemen knew perfectly well, that the first mo-
ment the Whigs came into power they would repeal
the tariff of '46. That glorious boon to all the
western States would at once be wrested out of
their hands. And Mr. S. would call on the farm-
ers of Ohio to mark well the course of certain pro-
fessed Democrats in legaid to this measure. We
had now a fair sweep of all the markets of Europe.
Under the tariff of '46, more western produce had
beerughipped than for ten years before. Mr. S.'s
consuiuents were producers. They raised their
living out of the ground. They did not want any
of your home market. They wanted the blessing
of free trade, and a foreign market for their pro-
duce to the ends of the earth. What would the
cotton growers of the South think of a law the
effect of which would be to compel them to sell
their cotton at the next county town? Would
they be satisfied with a home market like that?
No. They wanted the markets of England and
Germany.
But the real truth was, that if certain Democratic
gentlemen here could not have the rule, they
were ready to get the Democratic party together
by the ears, and let the common enemy triumph
over it. Did they want the Whigs to reenact the
tariff of 1842? If they did, they were taking the
very road to it.
Gentlemen said that in this movement they were
opposing slavery. They were for refusing to the
slave States an opportunity of sending their sur-
plus slave population into the new territories we.
might conquer. And what would be the effect of
this? It would be that Virginia, and Maryland,
and Kentucky, and the rest, would shove off their
free negroes, and settle them on the people of
Ohio; and they were as great a curse as could
come among any people. He spoke feelingly on
this subject. His own district had had the trial
of it. A drove of four hundred of John Randolph's
emancipated negroes had been sent to settle right
among the farms of hie people. The people rose,
.and, taking the statute in their hands, required of
these intruders to give bond and security not to be-
come a public burden, as the law required them to
do. They could not do it, and they were in short
metre mustered out of the county. Then came the
Whig Governor, or he should rather say the Whig
candidate for Governor, and all the Whigs at his
back, and tried to repeal what were called the black
laws. They were all exceedingly anxious to do
justice to the black man, and they talked loudly
about all men being free and equal. Well, and what
did his colleague over there [Mr. Giddings] want
with these free negroes, if he could have got them
into the State? The first move would have been to
let them enter the schools and academies along
with the white children; arid from that stepping-
stone the next stride would have been to alter the
State constitution and give them power to vote.
Now, Mr. S. was opposed to enslaving man-
kind; but of the two evils he preferred the least; if
he must either take this surplus black population
into the bosom of his own State, or let the South
have territory on which to send them, he chose the
latter. lie would consent to almost anything to
keep them out of the bounds of the free States, for j
they were the most degraded of the human race. [
It was impossible ever to put them on an equality '
with the whites, and the white people of Ohio want- j
ed none of these negroes among them. I
A proposition had been introduced here to de- j
clare that these new territories should be either j
slave territories or free, as the people should .
choose, but it was voted down. These gentlemen .
were not willing to trust the people: they must uu- ,
dertake to dictate. Mr. S. would dictate to nobody.
He had been opposed to the proviso introduced
into the Oregon bill, proposing to lestrict slavery
in that territory: because the whole territory lay
too far north to need any such compromise line.
Mr. S. said he had been opposed to this bill,
proviso or no proviso. When the bill of a like
character had first been introduced, the question
had been presented under very different circum-
stances. He had voted to give the Administration
all the men and money they had asked. What
did they want with these three millions of dollars ?
To purchase a peace? We had already given fif-
teen millions of dollars in the shape of a land
bounty to our soldiers to fight the war out, and he
wanted that the war should be fought out to the
end. Let us have no more negotiations. We had
offered Mexico quite enough. Give her three mil-
lions to negotiate ? He would conduct this nego-
tiation as old Andrew Jackson wanted to, at the
cannon's mouth.
Why did the Democratic gentlemen want a bill
like this? He admitted, as a general rule, that it
was the safer plan to vote the recommendations of
a Democratic Executive. None could ever get us
successfully through this war unless they voted
the President the means he asked for. The Dem-
ocrats had voted this sum, it was true, that the
President had asked, but they had affixed a clog
to it which jendered it perfectly nugatory, and it
could not pass, and everybody knew it. Who ex- j
pected to get two-thirds of the Senate to ratify a |
treaty with this proviso in it? Many of those who I
had aided to put this proviso in had other motives
in doing it than opposition to slavery. He believed
that some of them were as bitter enemies of this
Administration as the bitterest Whig in the coun-
try. Just so there had been men who voted the
tariff of 1846, who had first voted for all the clogs
which the Whigs tried to fix upon it, and even to
lay upon the table; and then, on the final vote, to
show that they were good Democrats, had voted
for the bill. Such men were no friends to this Ad-
ministration. He wanted the measure put in its
true light before the people. For his own part, he i
washed his hands of it, both by votes and speeches.
After Mr. S. had concluded—
The committee rose and reported the bill to ad-
mit the Territory of Wisconsin into the Union as
a State to the House without amendment, and
progress on the bill to create an additional land
office in the Territory of Wisconsin. ,
The question was about being put on engrossing i
the bill to admit the Territory of Wisconsin into j
the Union as a State; when ;
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to amend :
the bill by adding at the end thereof the follow- '
ing: |
« Jlnd he it further enactcd, That, in addition to section  
numbered sixteen, section numbered thirtv-six in eaeh '
township of the public lands of the United States in said j
State, not lieretol'oie orlieiwi&e deposed of, be and the >finie |
is hcrebv appropriated to the support oi education in said ,
State: which said several sections may be sold by thedirec- '
tion of the Legislature of said State at a price not les*- than
the minimum price at which the public lands of the (Tinted
States shall be by law authorized to be sold; and the avails
of said land so sold to be applied exclusively for tiie estab-
lishment of a lund in support of education in said State:
Provided, That said Sfateshali first assent to the acceptance
of this grant, on the terms aforesaid, by an act of the Le-
gislative of the same.5'
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question was
ordered to be put, viz. Will the House agree to
the amendment? and, on a division, it ap
no quorum voted.
Whereupon the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 16, 1847.
The Journal was read and approved.
Mr. ATCHISON preseuted a memorial from
the Legislature of the State of Missouri, asking the
adoption of some measures for enabling the own-
ers of slaves to prevent the same from escaping
into Canada, and for their recovery when there;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition from Johnson Lykins, asking
compensation for attending certain Indians as their
physician; which was lefened to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CORWIN presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio, stating that they have full con-
fidence m the bravery and skill of Major Generals
Scott and Taylor; which were laid on the table.
Also, joint resolutions from the same, m favor of
the increase of pay of those volunteers who have
served in Mexico; which were read and laid on the
table.
Mr. ALLEN presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio, in relation to the exclusion of
slavery from Oregon, or in territories that may be
hereafter annexed; which were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from citi
zens of Chester county, Pennsylvania, in favor o-
a speedy teimination of the present war; which was
referred to the Committee on Foieign Relations.
| Also, a petition fiom citizens of Schuylkill coun-
, ty, Pennsyhama, asking the adoption of some
! measures for preventing the introduction of foreign
! paupers and criminals; which was referred to the
j Committee on Foreign Relations.
! Also, a petition from citizens of the same coun-
j ty, remonstrating against a distribution of the pub-
! he lands to the States in which they lie; which was
j referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
| Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsj'l-
vania m relation to a dry-dock at Philadelphia;
which were laid on the table.
Mr. CfLLEY presented a petition from citizens
of New Hampshire, in favor of abolition of slave-
ry; the motion to receive which was laid on the
table.
Mr. MANGUM presented a petition from the
heirs of Arnold D. Crosby for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported House bill to amend
and continue in force the charter to incorporate
the inhabitants of the city of Washington, with
amendments.
Air. BENTON, from the Committee on Milita-
ry Affairs, reported a bill making provision for the
appointment of an additional number of general
officers and for other purposes; which was read a
first time.
On motion ofMr. BENTON, the Committee on
Military Affairs, were then discharged from the
| consideration of all the other parts of the Presi-
j dent's message, and they were referred to the
i Committee on Finance.
| Mr. BRIGHT, fiom the Committee on Public
| Lands, reported a bill confirming to the Corpora-
; tion of Fernandina a lot of ground used as a public
; burial ground; which was read a first time.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL."
! On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
; appropriations for the naval service for the year
: ending 30th June, 1848.
! The bill being under consideration as in com-
mittee of the whole.
I Mr. HUNTINGTON said he was authorized
j by the Committee on Finance to move to amend
i the amendment relating to the construction of the
| dry-dock at Brooklyn, so as to limit the time and
j the amount m completing the same; and to institute
