428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
an examination for the purpose of ascertaining the
practicability of the undertaking.
Mr. DICKINSON complained that the effect
of this amendment would be to delay the work.
Already nearly half a million had been expended.
Unless it could be shown that there was some
defect in the plan, he could not perceive why a
commissioner should be appointed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON explained that there was
enough of the unexpended appropriation of last
year to keep the work going until the examination
should be made.
Mr. YULEE said he was very much inclined to
vote against a dry-dock at Brooklyn. The origi-
nal estimate for this work was $803,000; and now,
after expending half a million, it is said that it will \
require a farther appropriation to the amount of ;
the whole of the original estimate to complete it. '
He supposed that floating docks could fie con- *
structed so as to answer all necessary purposes, j
There was a dock neaily completed in New York,
capable of raising a ninety-gun ship. It would, as
lie was informed, be finished in about a month.
Therefore it was a question to be considered
whether this work might not be suspended for the
present. He would wish to see it suspended, too,
on the principle of dosing the doctor; for as New
Yoik had strenuously urged that floating docks
were more desirable at other yards, she ought to be
compelled to try one herself. He wished to move
an amendment; but
The CHAIR decided that no amendment was
now in order.
Mr. DICKINSON asked the Senator from Flor-
ida (in what authority he had stated the cost of
completing the woik?
Mr. YULEE sent to the Secretary, to be read,
a letter from the Chief of the Bureau of Construc-
tion, in which it was stated that up to the first of
January last, $450,205 39 had been expended on
the work, and that a further sum of $763,750 would
be required to complete it.
Mr. DICKINSON said he had in his hand a
letter from the engineer, estimating the total ex-
pense at about one million, nearly half of which
had been expended.
Mr. EVANS. What was the date of this letter ?
Mr. DICKINSON said it was without date. It
had been placed in his hands very recently. He
wished to ask the Senator from Florida whether
he meant it to be understood that he considered the
floating dock preferable to the other?
Mr. \ ITLEE wished to suspend action on the
bill, until he should have obtained sufficient infor-
mation to direct ins judgment.
Mr. DICKINSON thought it was too late now
to inquire whether this work should be abandon-
ed, in order to enable the Government to adopt a
cheaper and better one. Too much money had
been expended on this dock to allow a suspension
or abandonment. If it had been now an original
question authorizing the work, there might have
been more reason for delay
Mr. EVAN'S contended that the amendment to
the amendment was a proper one, and ous;ht to be
adopted. It was bad policy to suspend public
works. And it would be equally bad to pursue the
wotk further until we shall have ascertained the
probability of completing it within a reasonable
time. He had doubts whether it would not have
to be abandoned on account of the character of the
soil. The committee had called before them the
engineer and the head of the department, and it
turned out, on examination, that the work was a
great deal more expensive than was contemplated.
When it was proposed by the committee to limit
the amount expended on the work to $1,250,000,
the engineer objected to any limitation. The site
has no solid bottom, and several accidents of a se-
rious character have occurred. We should be com-
pelled to pay for what we had contracted for, but
we ought not to pay for any new work until there
can be a report from a committee as to the feasi-
bility of the plan.
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was agreed to.
The question being on the amendment as amend-
ed—
Mr. WEBSTER said he should vote against the
amendment, as he looked upon this mode of appro-
priating money subject to restrictions and the re-
sult of examinations as a departure from the usual
course of Congress. He was opposed to the tying
up of the hands of Congress in this manner.
Mr. HtfNTlNGTON regarded it as useless to
go on making appropriations unless some limit
shall be fixed to the time and cost. The excava-
tion was not yet completed, and not a single stone
had been laid, yet all the money appropriated had
been expended. The work ought to be done, and
to be well done. The coffer-dam had given way
once or twice, and thus had caused great delay
and heavy expenditure. He wished to be satisfied
that it could be completed. He asked for the yeas
and nays on the amendment, and they were or-
dered.
Mr. EVANS said half a million had already
been expended. It was doubtful whether the work
could be completed. The opinions of those most
competent to judge were against it.
Mr. DIX said he concurred with the Senator
from Massachusetts. He thought that all the most
serious difficulties had been overcome, and read
some extracts from a letter written by the engineer,
dated 1st February, instant, expressing a similar
opinion.
The question on the amendment was then taken,
and decided in the negative; ayes 15, noes 29.
The next question was on the amendment of the
Committee of Finance, striking out the clause
making appropriations for docks at Kittery, Pen-
sacola, and Philadelphia.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON asked for the reasons
for this amendment, and demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON hoped this amendment would
not prevail. About half a million had been already
expended on the dry dock at New York, and it is
estimated that its cost will be one million three
hundred thousand dollars. The floating dock at
Philadelphia would only cost two hundred thou-
sand or two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Philadelphia "was willing to try a dock of this de-
scription; and surely something was due to that
old city. Let it be remembered that some of the
noblest ships in the service were built there; and
that ships of war lying there are not liable to rot,
and are safe against any attack from an enemy, as
well as from the fury of the storms. Why was
Philadelphia singled out to be excluded from the
bill ? This city, where Congress first sat, this
capital of the mother of States, why was she to be
assailed to enrich the West?
Mr. HUNTINGTON explained that there had
been no feeling hostile to Philadelphia, in the rea-
sons which led to this proposition. On the con-
trary, there were members of the committee, him-
self among the number, who had sincere friends
and warm attachments there. • The committee had
not looked at the city or the State; but confined
themselves to the consideration of the question,
whether or not it was expedient now to begin this
work Ot novo. They had examined to see if there
was any recommendation of*the work from the
proper department. There was none. Was any
examination made at the navy yard to determine
the cost and the time required for construction?
Nothing of the kind. They looked to see if there
was any estimate. There was none. They had
not stopped here, but had examined all the evi-
dence within their reach to discover the reasons
which made the selection of Philadelphialhe wisest.
They looked at the position of the city. They
had not perhaps looked, as they might have done,
into the state of our finances. But they recollected
that Philadelphia was at the head of a navigable
river; that she was an inland city, more than one
hundred miles from the capes of the Delaware, and
liable to be obstructed by ice about two months du-
ring every winter. They also remembered that
there is a dock at New York about two hundred
miles from these capes. Then they asked whether,
in view of all these facts, it was expedient to make
an appropriation to begin this work. The super-
intendent of docks had also reported that the water
at the yard was becoming so shoal that the place
would shortly be unfit for a navy yard. It should
be borne in mind that this dock was not to be
erected for the benefit of Philadelphia, or the State
of Pennsylvania, but of the United States.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON did not doubt that the
real necessities of the service required the construc-
tion of a dock at Pensacola, but it was parhaps
more important at Philadelphia. All would agree
that three docks were not too many to provide for
the increasing magnitude of our navy. He did not
reside in Pennsylvania, but he lived at a distance
sufficiently near to enable him to know that the ob-
jections of the committee were not well founded.
One objection is, that there is not water enough*
The shoaling of the water is owing to obstructions
caused by the United States, and not because there
is not sufficient water in the Delaware. It has been
by the action of the Government itself, by which
the tide has been obstructed and diverted from its
natural course, and the erection of two new piers
would remedy this and give thirty-five feet water.
As to the obstruction by ice, it was well known
that Philadelphia had liberally furnished ice-boats
to remove that obstruction. But it seems there
was no recommendation: and why did not the
committee urge this also as an objection against
Kittery? This is not the first time this dock has
been brought to the notice of Congress. It was a
great national work and ought to be constructed*,
it was the most valuable of all the docks proposed,
although all of them were necessary. The finan-
cial condition of the country could not have influ-
enced the committee, for the bill now appropriates
a larger amount than when it camc from the
House. He hoped the amendment would be re-
jected.
Mr. MILLER said the subject had been before
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and they had re-
ported a bill which had not been pressed because
the committee understood that an appropriation
for the object would be introduced in this bill.
Philadelphia was the most safe and convenient
place on the Atlantic for such a dock.
Mr. EVANS said the Senator from New Jersey
had given an additional reason for striking this ap-
propriation out of the bill. It appears to have been
provided for in another bill. It was improper that
it should, therefore, be brought into an appropria-
tion bill. The only question before the committee
was, Do the United States require a dock at Phil-
adelphia? Who has asked it? It has not been
asked for by those at the head of the department—
by those who have charge of the navy. It had
been brought forward before by Senators who had
repeatedly failed irr their efforts.
Mr. NILES thought this was not the time to
make appropriations for new works.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to strike out, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Butler, Evans, Huntington, Nilcs,
Pearee, and Yulee—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Atheiton, Bad-
ger, JBa$by, Berrien, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Caps, Chal-
mers, CiHey, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton. Colquitt,
Corwin. Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field, Hannegan, Houston, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mdngum, Miller, Rusk, Suvjer, Simmon*, Soul6, Sturgeon,
Turney, Upham, Webster, Westcott, and Woodhridge—39.
THREE MILLION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the bill making an appropriation of three
millions of dollars for the purpose of bringing the
existing war with Mexico to a conclusion; with
the amendments proposed by the Senator from
Georgia and the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BADGER said that the bij.1 now under con-
sideration proposed to make an appropriation for
which, as he did not feel himself prepared to vote,
he thought it was proper that he should assign to
the Senate the reasons which would govern him
in the course which he felt compelled to take upon
the subject now before them; and as it seemed to
be the generally prevailing practice for Senators in
the debate upon this bill to give, as far as they
deemed proper, an expression of their views in re-
lation to the whole subject of the war, he would
follow the example which had thus been set him,
and, according to the phrase once fashionable but
now somewhat fallen into disuse, define his posi-
tion, in which he not only differed from- those gen-
tlemen who occupied the other side of the Cham-
ber, but in some respects from those upon his own
side. There was, however, another subject which
it seemed to him demanded a preliminary exami-
nation. He was fully aware of the responsibility
which any member of that body assumed who un-
dertook at the present day either to vote or to
speak against such measures as were pressed upon
the consideration of Congress by the Executive
Department of this Government; and he thought
it would not be a waste of the time of the Senate
to draw their attention to what had forced itself
upon his niind as being a systematic effort on ths
part of the Executive Government of the country
to control the freedom of discussion and freedom
of action in the Halls of Congress; freedom of dis-
