1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
420
cussion and freedom of action in the Legislatures
of the several States of this Union; and still further
to reach forward a proposal for arresting all free-
dom of speech, all discussion among the people of
this country upon subjects relating to this war.
He proposed to produce for the consideration of
the Senate some evidence that, whether he was
right or not in the conclusion to which he had
come on this subject, it was, at all events, a con-
clusion founded upon strong probable evidence,
and that it presented such an aspect of our affairs
.as should Arrest the attention of the American
people, and cause them to institute a strict and
earnest inquiry, whether, while the forms of their
Government continued to be the same as were
handed down by our ancestors, there was not im-
minent danger that the spirit of those institutions
should be entirely transmuted, and that we were
no longer to stand before the civilized world as a
people really and truly free, possessing here, and
possessing everywhere, the right of speech, the
right of discussion, the right of consideration in
regard to the conduct of our rulers. He had said
that the conviction had been forced upon his mind.
It had been forced upon it, for it was such a con-
viction as no American would desire to have, be-
cause it presented one branch of that Government
which claimed his warmest affections in an attitude
hostile to the best interests of the country, in a
position of aggression upon the other departments
of the Government, and in a position manifesting
a desire to take from the people themselves the
first fundamental indubitable right which belonged
to them, as the legitimate sovereigns of this coun-
try—the consideration of, and free expression of
opinion in relation to, the measures of those who,
by their selection, had been appointed to conduct
the affairs of the Government.
He had said that it appeared to him that this
action on the part of the Executive was first di-
rected towards the control of freedom of discussion
and freedom of action in the halls of Congress.
Was any proof necessary upon this subject? It
appeared to him that the proof was evident to ev-
ery Senator. Was there a measuie introduced
here—was there a discussion that took place here,
or that took place in the other branch of Congress,
upon a measure recommended to the two branches
of Congress, or to either of them, on the part of
the Executive of this country—that was not at
once made the subject, through the instrumental-
ity of the Executive press m this city, not of in-
quiry, not of argument, not of discussion, but of
instant and summary condemnation towards those
who withheld from them their support? Had
they not, during the whole of this session, ob-
served that if, under the operation of the peculiar
rules which existed in the other branch of the Le-
gislature of this country, every measure that was
desired by the Executive passed that body almost
without discussion and without consideration, it
was immediately held up as an example which we
were told it would be wise for us to follow? ft
was not long ago that they were told that if a day
or two days were spent in the discussion of any
measure, however important it might be, it was
instantly to be repoited to the people of this
country that Congress were not engaged in the
discharge of their proper duties; were not engaged
in the duties they owed to the people who sent
them here; that they were not engaged, as they
ought to be, in passing without debate a measure
proposed to them on the part of the Executive.
Not a day—he thought he might say not a day—
ceitainly very few days, had passed during this
session of Congress, in which one or both branches
of the supreme Legislature of the United States
had not been exposed to remarks and observations
which, to say the least of them, were not very be-
coming to the source whence they proceeded, and
were manifestly calculated (and he presumed
therefore clearly designed) to produce upon this
body, and upon the other House of Congress, a
ready, prompt, unreasoning submission to every
demand that was made upon them by the Presi-
dent.
«A very few months had passed away since a
distinguished gentleman from his own State, then
occupying a seat upon this floor as a member of
this body, felt himself prohibited by high consid-
erations of public duty from voting for a particular
measure which the Administration of the country
deemed should be passed, and at the same time
assigned the considerations which influenced him
with strong reluctance to separate himself from tr&
party to which he belonged; and, rather than vote
for the measure, resigned his seat and returned to
that private life from which he had been withdrawn
by the choice of the Legislature of his State. And
it would be recollected that he was immediately,
not only denounced for his resignation, not only
held up as recreant to his party in failing to follow
that course which the party thought proper to pur-
sue, but was assailed by the most ruthless charges,
and held up to the people of his State and to the
whole country as a man so lost to all considera-
tions of honor and decency as to have sold himself
for a pecuniary reward. Was it not evident that
we were expected to stand continually in the atti-
tude of schoolboys in the presence of a stern ped-
agogue, expecting the reward of approbation for
obedience, and in terror of the rod if we did not on
all occasions regard his judgment as paramount?
There seemed to be also, as he had said, a syste-
matic attempt to prevent that free discussion and that
free action in the Legislatures of the different States
in this Union upon all measures connected with the
existing war.
He asked the attention of the Senate for a mo
ment to the manner in which the State he had the
honor m part to represent had been treated in tc-
lation to us action upon the subject of the Mexican
war. He called the attention of the Senate to an
extract from the Union of the 25th of January, m
which, after referring to another State of this
Union, the editor proceeded thus:
" But in the State of North Carolina we find in the mes-
sage of it? Fedeial Governor to its Federal Legislature de-
nunciations; of the wai, and in tho Legislature itself a reso-
lution that the State of North Carolina would tuppori the
Government in the war with Mexico, was in the popular
branch voted dotvn hif a majoritv of four votes. J"n addition
to this, it has, in a preamble to a resolution for raidingmoney,
denounced our own Government, and taken sides with the
enemy."
Now, sir, (continued Mr. B.,) T need hardly
say, that neither the Legislature nor the people of
the State of North Carolina have been or will be
found associated with the enemies of their country,
or opposed to the interests of the country to which
they belong, and of which they form as true, as
loyal, and as devoted a portion, as can he repre-
sented by any honorable gentleman upon this floor,
whatsoever part of this vast Union he may repre-
sent. Now let us examine what the editor of this
paper says:
" In the State of North Cambria, we find ni tho message
of its Federal Governor to its Federal Legislature denuncia-
tions of the war."
There are one or two other established phrases
which are sometimes employed to designate what
is meant by the term "Federal" m this case.
Sometimes the word "Tory" is used, and some-
times the word "Federalist;" and it would seem
upon the first glance that the editor of this Gov-
ernment paper cherishes an especial and vindictive
hatred against Federalism; it would seem that re-
miniscences of the olden time clustered so thickly
around the heart of that editor, that he could not
think of one of those who in former tirne^ were
denominated Federalists without feelings of vin-
dictive resentment. But at the same time wc find
that he is complacent towards a large number of
gentlemen who once belonged to that class, but
who are now associated with himself; for towards
them not the slightest expression of disapproba-
tion was used.
It would seem, then, on the other hand, that
there is really no ill-fepling in the matter, and I
really believe there is not, but that these expres-
sions are but a sort of cant or party shins:, which
it is sunposed will stand in the place of reason,
and influence the minds of the community when
there is nothing* else by which they can be influ-
enced. ** The Federal Governor of North Caro-
lina!" Well, in the party sense of the term, it
was impossible that the gentleman who now gov-
erns that State could have been a Federalist, for
his age does not reach back far enough; the prob-
ability is, that when the Federal party became ex-
tinct, he was at school, receiving the first rudi-
ments of his education. "The Federal Legisla-
ture!" My honorable colleague is much better
acquainted with this matter than I; but, since read-
ing this article, I have cast over in my mind, and
I do not recollect a single gentleman in that L^gis
Inture who ever belonged to the Federal party.
One gentleman I know well, and have known him
for many years. He was one of the very persons
who voted for this preamble and resolutions; an
old school .Teffersoman Democrat; a Democrat m
the time of the war; a colonel, commanding a regi-
ment in the regular army and time of the war, and
who never in his life had the smallest connexion
with Federalism, except as regards the ordinary
intercourse with the members of that party. But,
sir, what is it that they have done? In the first
place, they have rejected a resolution in the popu-
lar branch of the Legislature, by a majority of four
votes, which declared that they were ready to sup-
port the Government in the war-with Mexico. No
doubt, sir; but the editor does not find it conve-
nient to inform the public, that this totally unne-
cessary and absurd resolution, as it may be called,
was a resolution introduced by the minority in that
body for the purpose of clogging the action of the
majority in tlie passage of their measures. Now,
sir, it will probably be remarked as somewhat
singular, that, in an article making so gross a
charge as that of taking sides with the enemy,
there is not one word as to what was the subject
of consideration, or what was the preamble in vir-
tue of the rejection of which they had turned
against their own country, and taken sides with
the enemy.
[Mr. B. here read the preamble to the resolu-
tions which were intended to appropriate a sum of
money for defraying the expenses of the regiment
which had been raised in the State of North Caro-
lina, and which was ready to depart for Mexico
for the purpose of supporting this war.]
Among the officers of that regiment (Mr. B. pro-
ceeded to say) would be found members of that
very Legislature who voted in support of the very
preamble and the very resolution making the ap~
priation to give efficiency to the efforts of the Gov-
ernment in the support of the war.
Mr. B. proceeded to enlarge upon the point that
everything that was done in a State Legislature
which was not a simple, unreasoning acquiescence
in the demands of those who conducted the Exec-
utive Government of this country, was immediate-
ly made the subject of denunciation. He then
proceeded to establish his next position, that the
course taken by the organ of the Administration
was intended, so far as it could effect such an ob-
ject, to extinguish all free inquiry and expression
of opinion among the people at large. He quoted
from the Union of Decembei 24, 1846, the follow-
ing, which was, he thought, one of the most sin-
gular documents which had ever appeared in the
American press:
"A War Register—Timely Proposition.—ft has been
suggested that the cause of the country may be promoted by
the opening of a war register in every city, town, and vil-
lage, tor the purpose of preserving a" authentic record of the
Torvism which may be displayed by individuals during the
continuance of tile present war. In tins register it is pro-
posed to record the names of such personages make them-
selves zealous, in pleadingthe cause of the enemy, and oppose
the war into winch the people and the Government of the
United Slates have Ik en forced bv Mexican aggression, in-
sult, and robbety. Re.*.ides flic names or' the individuals who
pronounce acamM the pistness of our cause, such sentiments
aaic partieuhuly odious, should be placed on the register
Where an individual expic-r-es mmpnrhy for the enemy,
wishes the death of the Pic-ident, or the downfall of the
National Aditmit<tialioii, ns a punishment for having enga-
ged in the war, the sentiment of the Toiy should he legis-
tercd in lib own language as near as po^ible AH state-
ments intended for entry on the record should be verified by
the name of the witness or contributor."
Now, in one aspect (Mr. B. continued) this prop-
osition was supremely ridiculous; m another, it was
scarcely possible to command language to express
how odious it was. He was afraid, as far as he
was himself concerned, that tbeio would be no ne-
cessity for any one's going to the register and put-
tins: down his name for the expression of such
unpropitious wishes in regard to this Administra-
tion. He was ready to express here in his place
that he was exceedingly anxious to see the down-
fall of the present Administration. And he went
still further: he hoped to contribute somewhat, in
his humMe way, to that object. He would not
confine himself to desiring it, he would endeavor
to promote its accomplishment; and if he had no
other reason for it, (though he had many,) he
would do it for the very especial reason which
seemed to make the great enormity of wishing for
its downfall—as a punishment for having engaged
in this war.
He had certainly not wished the death of the
President, whatever he might desire politically.
He wished the President no harm. He could
sincerely join in the prayer used for htm in the
churches for his health and prosperity long to live,
and after this life to attain everlasting joy and feli-
