430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
city. But when they looked at the motive for this
proposal, when they looked to what was here of-
fered to the free people of America, it awakened
far other feelings than ridicule or contempt. What
was it that was proposed? To convert us into a
set of'spies on each other: to establish here the
system of French police; to hold out to men in-
ducements to watch the conversations of their neigh-
bors. "VVe were to have these spies entering into
our ordinary'conversations; meeting with us in
the marts of business; sitting with us by our fire-
sides: everywhere we were to be under the malig-
nant and detestable system of espionage. We were
to be converted into informers on each other: and
for what object? Why, that the free action of the
Congress of the United States* the State Legisla-
tures,-and the people of this country, might be
brought under the iron control of the Executive*of
the United States. He supposed the editor from
whom this emanated had somewhere read that in
England there was a species of treason called the
treason of imagining the King's death; but he did
not exactly understand what was meant by it. He
desired our Republican Sovereign to make this
moral treason still more stringent. Now, the trea-
son of imagining the King's death was to imagine
it with an attempt to accomplish the wish of the
heart; but here it was to be made to consist of a
mere wish. And then again see the difference in
the mode of trial. The English Parliament had
taken care that no man should be surpiised into a
conviction of this kind. The person accused was
entitled to a fair trial. He was to be furnished
with a copy of the charges against him; he was
to bo furnished with a list of those who were to
try him, and of the witnesses who were to be pro-
duced against him, with the places of their resi-
dence, and their rank in socicty. He was to have
an opportunity to meet his accuser, and to have
ample time to prepare for (rial; and he was only to
be condemned when his guilt was established by
an impartial trial before his fellow-citizens. But
how stood the matterhere? Why, sonic poor
wretch, who was himself more likely to be guilty
of treason, slips into the register office in a city,
town, or village, and puts down the name of somo
one who might possibly have said he. wished the
downfall of this Administration. And how is this
to be verified ? By a ti ial ? No. Was any notice to
be given to him that his name was to be inscribed
in this honorable register* Not at all. No intima-
tion was to be guen to him that he was to be put
in this record by some malignant creature. This
register was to be kept until some distant time,
and then brought forward; and for what purpose?
To consign to infamy some innocent citizen ? True
it was not proposed to award a traitor's grave.
And why not? Simply for lack of power. And
this was gravely proposed in free America, in the
nineteenth century.
Let the principle advanced by the organ of the
Government be carried out, and he desired gentle-
men, here or elsewhere, to tell him how the Ameri-
can people, being once engaged in war, however
unjust, however disastrous, however wanton—how
was it possible (lie asked) that the American people
could ever arrest the progress of the war? Here
it could not be done, because we were commanded
to follow the bidding of {he President. It could
not be done by action of the State Legislatures,
because, if they set themselves in opposition to
the Executive will, they were taking sides with the
enemy. Nor could it be done by the people at
large; for, if they were to take any step tending in
that direction, they were placed in the category of
the country's enemies. What would follow from
this? Wiiy, of course that the President must be
reelected, because the people were not to examine
into his conduct, and if they opposed his reelec-
tion, they bccame obnoxious to denunciation as
Tories or Federalists. He maintained that this
was a regular and concerted system, on the part
of the Executive of this nation, not merely because
these things were put forward in a paper printed
at the seat of Government; not merely because
that paper enjoys the Executive patronage; but
because, as they all knew, the editor of that paper
was brought here, when the President of the Uni-
ted States came in'o office, as his editor, and has
ever since enjoyed relations of intimacy with him,
and professed to speak his sentiments with a de-
gree of authority which he thought hp might safe-
ly say, no former editor had ever undertaken to do
in relation to any former Executive. It was very
®ain that the relations between the President and
the conductor of this paper were of a peculiar na-
ture; certain it was that there were remarkable
and strong coincidences m the course pursued by
the editor of the Union and the President of the
United States.
The Senatorfrom Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] in his
speech yesterday on the subject of this bill, said
that the liberty of speech and of the press were
the two pillars on which depended our political
edilice; and alluding to some denunciations on this
floor of the President of the United States, and to
the action of the Senate on Saturday, said the
remedy in the two cases was the same. Mr. B.
agreed with that Senator. What was done by the
Senate? Why, the Senate of the United States,
finding itself in a print conducted by a person who
occupied to them the relation of printer, and who
was also the Executive organ of this Government,
held up in unmistakable language as traitors to
the country—did what? Passed a resolution that
the editor of that paper should not longer come on
this floor, and mingle with its members. And in
the case alluded to by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, if any gentleman had attributed to the Pres-
ident such atrocious conduct, he would say the
liberty of the press and of speech stand on the
same footing, and it would be just and wise in the
Executive to exclude a gentleman who used such
language from the Executive mansion—not to in-
vite him to Executive dinners—and even to direct
his porter to preventsuch agentleman from attend-
ing the Executive levees. But he could not see
how the liberty of speech was to be endangered
by this; nor was the liberty of the press endan-
gered by the other. The President might say to
such a gentleman, I have been in the habit of re-
ceiving you on terms of intimacy; you have de-
nounced me; and therefore I wish to see you no
more. The Senate says on the other hand, You
have mingled with us here, you have denounced
us; you have chargcd against us the highest of-
fence that can be charged against an American
Senator, and we therefore do not wish to see you
in this Chamber. In either case, the liberty of
speech find of the press was not involved.
But to what did all this editorial machinery and \
this proposed system of espionage tend J Was it j
more or less than to make the President's will the !
supreme law. He thought he could see the con-1
elusions drawn out in another paper published in !
the city of Baltimore on the 29th January. j
Mr. B. read an extract fiom a Baltimore paper, !
assuming the position, that all supplies should be |
granted that the Executive demanded. j
Mr B. continued. If that was not simple, ab-]
solute despotism, he knew not what was. He ]
claimed the right to say, as his deliberate convic- j
tion, that unless, in some form and manner, this i
system of dictation to Congress, and denunciation j
of State Legislatures, and this mode of endeavor- !
ing to array the people of these United States into .
two great classes, informers and informed against, j
spies and spied upon—if something was not done— i
if the public indignation did not frown upon it, |
there would be nothing left of our free institutions t
but the name and form. j
Mr. B., after disposing of these preliminary mat- !
ters, entered upon the subject of the existing war, '
and proceeded to demonstrate that the war was j
commenced by the Executive of the United States. [
He referred to the message of the President, wherein j
was a recital of the act of May 13, 1846, in which j
it was declared that this war had been brought !
upon us by Mexico, and proceeded to observe, that |
notwithstanding this positive declaiation, the Pres- |
ident himself seemed not very clear on the subject, i
or else appiehended that those .whom he was ad- !
dressing were not altogether convinced that the j
proposition as declared was correct. If he had had I
no misgivings upon the subject, what would have j
been his course ? Why, he would have stated dis- |
tinctly, and in direct terms, once for all, thatMex- [
ico had made war upon us; but it was a remark- '
able fact, and one which struck him forcibly upon .
the reading of the message, that there was scarcely i
a single portion of that message in which the Pres- j
ident alluded to the war, without adding that the 1
war was commenced by Mexico. He did not
mean to impute to the President that he meant to
assert that which he believed to be false; but what
he meant to say was, that if he were really and
fully satisfied of the truth of the proposition, there
was no necessity for so frequent a repetition of it.
Such repetition could only spring, he thought,
either from a desire to strengthen one's own con-
victions, or to remove the incredulity of others.
Again: If the President were satisfied of the fact, to
what purpose tended his long recital of the griev-
ances and wrongs which Mexico had inflicted upon
us? What had they to do with the subject? If
Mexico commenced the war, on our part it could
only be defensive, and any recital of reasons which
should inducc us to go to war were altogether su-
perfluous.
Mr. B. argued at very great length the proposi-.
tion that the war was not commenced by Mexico,
but by the Executive of the United States. Ho
proceeded to observe, that holding, as he did, that
it was the President of the United States who made
the* war, he did notconcur with the sentiments that
had been expressed by the Senator from Alabama,
nor in the sentiments expressed by the Senator
from Ohio. The Senator from Alabama, if he un-
derstood him rightly, said that, if he entertained
the opinion in regard to this war which had been
expressed on this side of the Chamber, he would
not vote a dollar nor a man in support of it; and
he thought his honorable friend on this side of the
house, in the course of the admirable speech which
he delivered the other day, made a very pointed
allusion to his friends around him who had given
their votes for the support of the war. He could not
agree in the opinion expressed by the Senator from
Alabama. He coufd readily conceive that a war
might be brought upon the country—an unjust, as
well as an unconstitutional war, not being made by
the war-making power, and yet it might be his
duty, as a member of the Senate, to vote both men
and money for the support of that war. If the
President of the United States was an hereditary
sovereign; if he held a crown in perpetuity, which
was to dcscend to his children, and occupied rela-
tions to the country as the sovereign of a realm, he
could readily imagine that, having involved the
country in a war, either unjustly or otherwise, we
might be at liberty at once to say to him, We will
give you no supplies; defend your realm as you
best may. But, he thanked God, whatever he
might be in prospect, the President was not now
the hereditary sovereign of this country.
The present Executive would continue to be the
head of the Government but for a short term, and
beyond that he would have no more connexion
with the Government than any other citizen.
When he did an act, therefore, by which the
country was involved in war, by that act he in-
volved others in a war of which he did not himself
share any portion of the responsibility. It was
the war of the nation. It was a war in which the
people of the country were directly interested: and
it was a war, therefore, on which we were not at
liberty to turn our backs, and say, you have got us
into a war, get out of it as you can. What was
Congress to do when the gallant Taylor with his
army was placed in a position of peril ? What
were we to do? Leave our gallant troops in a
hostile country to be overpowered, cut in pieces,
annihilated, by way of punishing the President of
the United States for having brought them into
such straits? We had been obliged to recognise
the existence of the war, not because we did not
understand the wrong which had been committed
upon us by the exorcise of usurped power on the
part of the President, but we felt the wrong the
deeper because, in consequence of its commusaioti,
we were placed in a position in which duty to our
country obliged us to support the war.
He held, with the Senator from Georgia, that
Congress had a right to control every operation of
this war—not to direct the army in the field, but,
as the war-making power of the Government was
vested in Congress, Congress had a constitutional
right to declare with whom we should be at war,
and for what, and to determine when the objects of
the war had been accomplished. Congress had a
right to say to the President of the United States,
The purposes for which we authorized this war
are accomplished; theie is no need of prosecuting
an offensive war any further. Congress had a
right to give directions as to the end and purposes
of the war: and, according to his humble judg-
ment, it was the duty of the President to yield a
respectful attention to the advice of Congress, and
to govern himself as commander-in-chief of the
army at the direction of Congress.
• He agreed also in the opinion expressed by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, that if the President
