434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committtee- on Mili-
tary Affairs, asked to be discharged from the con-
sideration of  —, and that it be laid on the
table.
Mr. NIVEN, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill to regulate inlistments in the army, navy,
and marine corps; which bill was read a first and
second time, and committed.
Mr. MAOLAY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Titian R.
Peale; which bill was read a first and second time,
and committed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill providing for the appointment of an
additional number of assistant surgeons in the
navy; which bill was read a first and second time,
and committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the Senate bill for the relief of Joseph
Wilson, reported the same without amendment.
The bill was committed.
Also, from the 3dme committee, to which was
referred the Senate bill for the relief of Thomas
Brosvnell, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the bill be put on its
passage.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to commit it;
which motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then read the third time and pass-
ed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. BAYLY, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of Thomas Ap C. Jones;
which was read a first and .second time, and com-
mitted.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution for the relief of J. Mel-
ville Gilhss.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the re-
lief of Edwin GUunn.
Which resolution and bill were read a first and
second time, and commuted.
Mr. SCHENClv, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution, which was read
and laid over one day, under the rule:
Resjlved, That the Senetaiy of the N;\vy be diroctcd to
report to tin- II<m,e whethei a.cilo lias !>eon made, as here-
tofore aiUiioiizcd by law, of the vessels ami othe.r propei ty
and efiVeU of the navy ot Texas which were trau^teired to
tht>  Government under the urliele* of anm>\auon; and if
such sale ha* been made, in whole nv in part, ihen to com-
municate with Iik report copies oi nil Distinctions jjiven by
lus department in relation thui^to, and ot all uMuinsm.uU:
to the department on the sn!>p*ct; ami that he also hum-h a
full statement ol all the items soM, and the piiee paid lor
each; together with a (nil ami aremate account ol all the
expense-, and co-H aeeium^ in any <uid ever} way to 1111 s
Govei nmeni in jeceivio:: Midi thinner o! the navy ol Te\,i> ,
and in preset vim? the same while in possession <>f and ma-
king sale thereof.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, from tho Committee :
oil Naval Affairs, repoited the following resolu- 1
tionj which was read, and agreed to:
Rcstlvcdt That the Secretary of War issboieby directed to
cause survevs to be made of su'-h of the inland mivi-
fation between Savannah, G'orcia, and St. John^ river,
'lortda, as may lequire improvement, so a* to rendei more I
convenient and safe said navigation, and that he cui&t; cmj- j
mates-to be made of the neeessaiy eKpen^es thereof. ;
Mr. TIIOMAS BUTLER KING, from the j
same comimttee, to which was referred the bill tor j
the benefit of sick and disabled seamen, reported i
an amendatory bill; which was committed.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING, '
the Committee of the Whole on tho state of the
Union was discharged from the consideration of
the bill to grant certain privileges to the yachts be-
longing to the members of the Sew York Yacht
Club, and it was referred to the Committee on i
Commerce.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, asked to be discharged from the considera-
tion of memorials praying for the restoration of 1 i
peace with Mexico, and that they be laid upon the '!
table. The committee was discharged 'i
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the Committee ji
on Roads and Canals, reported a joint resolution 1
concerning the improvement of the Illinois river !'
by the Legislature of the State of Illinois. jj
Mr. S. asked that the resolution be put on its !l
passage; on which a debate arose, Messrs. VIN- 'l
TON, DOUGLASS, and others, participating; !j
when— B j
On motion of Mr. RATl-IBUN, the resolution i!
was committed.
Mr. PRIES, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, to which was referred the bill to grant to
the States of Illinois and Indiana the privilege of
improving the navigation of the Wabash river,
reported the same without amendment. It was
committed.
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Ehsha H. Holmes;
which bill was read a first and second time, and
committed.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL, from the Committee
on Accounts, leported the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie manuscript work embracing the public
accounts from the 4lh of March, 1789, to 1829, purchased by
order of the House, of Henry Elliot at the last session of Con-
gress, and now in possession of the Clerk of this House, be
referred to Iht: Register of the Treasury for examination,
with a reijue^t that he will report to the House at the earli-
est practicable moment whether the same be collect, anil
whether in his opinion it will be conducive to the public
interest that the same bo punted.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN P. MARTIN, from the Committee
on Mileage, reported a bill to regulate the mileage
of members of Congress, and moved to commit the
same to a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and that it be made the special order
of the day for Friday next; which motion was
agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MARTIN moved the previous question;
and on dividing the House on the second, it ap-
peared that a quorum was not present.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
On which motion the yeas and nays were or-
deted. N
Mr. VINTON then withdrew the motion.
The motion to adjourn was renewed; and, hav-
ing prevailed,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wedkesday, February 17, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, showing the contracts made by the depart-
ment, and payments made for the discharge of
miscellaneous claims; which was laid on the table
and ordered to he printed.
MR. BARRY'S CASE.
The VICE PRESIDENT said that a petition
had been placed in his hands .some days ago, which
he had been desired to present to the Senate, but
which he had hesitated to present, being somewhat
doubtful whether itrould properly he placed before
them, coming as it did from a British subject, (Mr.
John A. Barry,) asking such legislative" action as
would extend the appellate jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court of the United States to controversies
as contradistinguished from cases at law and suits
in equity. It was respectful in its language, and
drawn with some degree of ability, and it would
be for the Senate to say whether it should be re-
ceived or not.
Mr. WEBSTER snid there could not be the
slightest doubt as to the propriety of receiving
petitions from citizens of a foreign country to
whom we might be under any sou of obligation.
There had been an entire misapprehension existing
on this subject in the minds of gentlemen for a long
time, and he would state to "the Senate how it
arose. Some years ago a British subject petitioned
Congress for a certain grant of money which he
claimed, and objections were made to'receiving a
petition from an alien. It was suggested that the
British Parliament was not in the "practice of re-
ceiving petitions from aliens, and that we should
not therefore receive a petition from a British sub-
ject. All that was founded in an entire mistake.
The case which was supposed to give color to it
was an application made to the British Houses of
Parliament, before the time of which he was now
speaking, for a grant of irffmey to somebody who
hod been a sufferer during the war between the
United States and Great Britain, by way of com-
pensation for the wrongs which had been done
him. The gentleman applied to the Crown, or
rather to the Commissioners of the Treasury, for
indemnity. Thev refused it. He then applied for
leave to petition Parliament, and that was refused.
But then the same refusal, under the circumstanccs,
would have been given if it had been the case of a
British subject; because the rule of both Houses
of the British Parliament was exactly this—that
no petition for the payment of money out of the
treasury could be presented to either House of
Parliament until the consent of the King in Council
should be first obtained. Such consent was either
to be signified by endorsement upon the petition by
the Ministerof the Crown, or else the decision was
announced by those svho had authority to do so,
upon the presentation of the petition. This rule
was applicable to all petitions for grants of money,
whether such petitions proceeded from a British
subject or from a citizen of any other country.
The rule was adopted as far back as the reign
of Queen Anne; and it was intended to prevent
that sort of combination for the purpose of pro-
curing grants of money, which, on this side of the
Atlantic, was commonly denominated ''log-roll-
ing/' Gentlemen who had any fancy to examine
into the authorities in regard to this matter would
find them all arrayed in Hat//.ell's Paihamentary
Practice. They would find that no man could
petition Parliament for a grant of money without
first having obtained the consent of the officers of
the Crown; and, further, that an alien friend might
present a petition to Parliament for any purpose
for which a subject of the realm might present one.
This had been done repeatedly.
Mr. DIX inquired of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts whether any distinction was taken between
an alien residing in the country and one residing
in a foreign country ?
Mr. WEBSTER. Not at all.
Mr. DTX said the petitioner in this case, he be-
lieved , was not a resident of the United States. At
the last session he had himself presented a petition
on behalf of Mr. Buchanan, formerly British Con-
sul at the port of New York, who had peiformed
some ser\ice for the Government, for which he
claimed compensation; and in consequence of some
objections that were raised, the petition was after-
wards wilhdiawn. The Committee on ^Foicign
Relations, however, after the withdrawal of the
petition, made a report upon the subject, and com-
pensation was made in that way.
Mr. WEBSTER said he had known a great
many petitions from foreigners—British subjects,
Canadians and others; and he ventured to say that
the practice was exactly as he had stated; and it was
reasonable that it should be so. This Government
was m the habit of making contracts with individ-
uals abroad—as, for instance, for supplying the
fleet in the Mediterranean. A man residing there,
if an alien friend, having claims upon this Govern-
ment, might undoubtedly present a petition for the
payment of such claims.
lYlr. CALHOUN (who had been momentarily
absent from his seat) desired to be informed what
question wan before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated that he had
presented a memorial from a person representing
himself to be a subject of Queen Victoria, praying
for an extension of the appellate jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court of the United States, in order to
enable him to obtain a decision in a case which he
wished to bring before that Court.
Mr. CALHOUN said he did not hear the first
part of the remarks of the Senator from Massachu-
setts; but, judging from his concluding remarks,
he believed that that honorable Senator and him-
self differed somewhat in regard to this question
of receiving* petitions from citizen:? or subjects of a
foreign country. He had always considered it a
fundamental principle that the affairs of this Gov-
ernment, so far as they related to foreigners, were
to be conducted by the Executive Department, and
that all applications of this kind must come through
that branch of the Government. In his opinion,
the proper course in this case wovild be for this
British subjcct to present his petition, in the first
instance, to his own Government, and, if deemed
propei*, it might then be forwarded either through
our Minister there, or the British Minister residing
here. This appeared to him to be the regular and
effectual mode, and one which would prevent many
consequences it was desirable should be avoided.
He referred to a case of this kind which occurred
m the last war, in which, if his recollection served
him, he said it was almost unanimously decided
that the proper course to be puisned was the one
he had now indicated. There was no good reason,
he thought, why foreigners should not make their
applications, in the first instance, to their own
Government, that it might be determined by them
whether the application proposed to be made to
this Government ought to be made at all or not.
