488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
or regulars are the most efficient; and yet it would
be consummate folly, in my judgment, that he
should, for these differences, make war upon the
Administration, and unite with the Whigs in break-
ing it down, when he must know that its downfall
is the certain overthrow of those principles and
measures which he desires should survive those
temporary questions which he uses to accomplish
their overthrow. The Whigs may be justifiable in
bringing everything to bear for the purpose of de-
stroying the Administration, because they not only
want office and power, but they desire to overthrow
every republican measure of the Administration.
They may seek to derive strength among the peo-
ple, by condemning the Mexican war; for they
may well fear to go before the country upon the
true issues dividing the parties.
For the first time, the country has some chance
to test the practical operations of our republican
faith. For the first time we have an ad valorem
tariff approximating a revenue standard. When
this act was passed, the alarm cry was raised, and
an effort to produce a panic. Ruin I ruin I ruin!
was sounded from the halls of Congress, and reit-
erated through the press, until even the stout-heart-
ed Democracy was seen to falter. Can these proph-
ets of evil go before the country, and hold up their
heads, while the evidences of their errors meet
them in every part of the republic? Manufactures
prosper; agriculture flourishes; commerce is lively,
and every branch of industry feels already the in-
vigorating influence of the measure. The cry of
an exhausted treasury, by reason of the reduced
tariff of 1846, has been falsified, and the fact re-
corded, that the increase of the revenue is about
60 per cent., and the gross amount of increase in
the treasury for the first quarter of the year about
$700,000. The burdens of the people have been
lessened, their taxes have been reduced, their ar-
ticles of consumption lessened in price, and their
products raised m value. The odious sub-treasury,
with its specie clause, has gone into operation, and
the alarm created by its enemies is dying away,
and will soon be forgotten, or only be remembered
to be ridiculed as a folly.
Indeed, I am satisfied, that neither in town nor
country, would the people know such an act was
in existence but for politicians. The country was
never more prosperous m all Us departments. The
money market never more easy. The currency
never sounder. The balance of trade in our favor,
and specie flowing into the country in abundance.
The Wings are not prepared to go before the
country with the party issues, and their promising
results. They may well seek to fasten upon some
new issue, which may a fiord .some hope for party
success. l>ut I tun amazed at Senators who be-
lieve and feel with me, and with the President,
upon the great questions of the country, who seem
willing to lend their position and popularity to the
breaking down of an Administration, which has
done more than all which has preceded it, in fixing
these principles, and giving them a place in the
affections of the people. The mam feeling of ego
rex mem inspnes too many of the Democracy to
draw chalked lines for their associatss, and to em-
brace or denounce them as they niay squaie them-
selves by its direction. No man was ever yet a
great statesman, no matter how exalted his patri-
otism, who refused political and party associa-
tions, because he was unable to command obedi-
ence to all his behests. " Principles and not men"
is the motto, and yet we must have men to carry
out the principles. In my opinion it is not the
mark of wisdom for a statesman to stilt himself
upon his individuality, and feel proud of his influ-
ence, when that very course robs him entirely of
the ability to be serviceable to his country. My
honorable friend from Florida [Mr. Westcott]
boasted the other day that he was sino man's
man." That was certainly a very common boast,
and if he only meant by it that he made no sacri-
fice of principle, at any time, merely for the sake
of pleasing some political favorite, it was likewise
proper; but if he meant by it that he was too inde-
pendent to aid in carrying on the Government,
unless the views of others should become subser-
vient to his own, I must beg leave to say that the
boast savors more of self-importance than genuine
statesmanship. The Senator has certainly gone
■very far to establish for himself a character for in-
dependent uncertainty; so that no one now dares
hazard a guess where he will be found upon any
given question.
I will now make some remarks upon the war
itself, the fruitful theme for abuse of the Adminis-
tration. It has been said, and has been reiterated
again and again,*that the President made this war.
The question is, how did he make it? How do
you establish the charge? It should be remem-
bered, that if this charge fails—if the proof does
not establish it, our Whig friends wiil have no
excuse for their couise upon the subject of the
war, and must expect the stern rebuke of an in-
sulted and indignant people? How did the Presi-
dent make this war? It is positively certain that
he sought very earnestly to make a treaty with
Mexico! After the Mexican Minister had left the
country, breathing hostility against the United
States; after our Minister had been dismissed from
his official station by the authorities of Mexico,
the President still sought negotiation. This did
not exhibit any anxiety for war with that repub-
lic. After the threatening tone and attitude of
Mexico made it necessary for our vessels of war
to hang upon her coast, and be ready for the exi-
gency that was threatened, they were withdrawn
by the suggestion of Mexico that their contiguity
was a barrier to any overtures of peace. This,
surely, indicated no hostile wish upon the part of
the President to have a war with Mexico. If he
sought only a pretext for hostility, he had enough
to justify him in the eyes of the civilized world.
He still sued for peace, and by means which would
have been humiliating, if we had been in contest
with a mightier Power; he flattered himself that
success would attend the effort. According1 to
agreement, he sent a Minister, with full powers to
make a permanent treaty. This certainly bears
no mark of a desire upon the part of the President
to rush into a war. Herrera, the then President
of Mexico, soon heard the murmunngs of discon-
tent, and saw the undoubted signs of a revolution,
in consequence of his consent to make a treaty of
boundary. He endeavored to prolong the exist-
ence of his rickety Government, by refusing our
Minister, and excusing himself for the refusal by
denying the agreement. He agreed to receive a
Commissioner only, and not a Minister, he said.
I do not propose to examine this quibble, although
politicians here agreed with Mexico, and blamed
the President. The revolution in Mexico was not
consummated because Herrera agreed to receive a
Minister; but bccause he was friendly to a treaty
of boundary, if the quibble to which he resorted
had been the cause of complaint, the revolution
would have been arrested when he rejected our
Minister. Ilavingshown adisposition to treatupon
the subjectof boundary, the army would not trust
him in power. They placed at the head of the Gov-
ernment the master-spirit of the revolution, Pare-
dos, who put the army in motion by his hostility to
the United States, and his opposition to any treaty
with us upon the subject of boundary. I suppose
that the most bitter enemy of the President will
not deny but he did all that could be done to make
a treaty of peace. He failed. All this I am told
is true; but that the war was made by the Presi-
dent, by ordering the army from Corpus Christi
to the Rio Giande ! If he had suffered the army
to remain at Corpus Christi, say they, we should
have had no war. This is a supposition, unsup-
ported by a solitary fact; if is a mere conjecture,
contradicted by every act and every declaration
upon the part of Mexico. Why do you say that
we should have had no war, if the army had re-
mained at Corpus Christi ? Your only reply must
be, that such is your opinion—you think so ! You
may have high character for wisdom and sagacity,
but I prefer to have some data upon which I may
examine the conx-ctness of that opinion. That
such is your opinion, and that so you think, may
be answer sufficient for yourself; but I very much
doubt whether your naked assertion, unsupported
by a single well-founded reason, and contradicted
by repeated acts and declarations upon the part of
Mexico, will be considered conclusive by the think-
ing public. At any rate, I must be excused for
my incredulity and unbelief. When the resolu-
tions favorable to the admission of Texas into the
Union passed the Congress of the United States,
the Mexican Minister demanded his passports,
and declared that act a causc of war. During the
campaign of 1844, almost every Whig press and
Whig orator in the Union opposed the annexation
of Texas, assigning, as a prominent reason, the
injustice of the act, and that it necessarily involved
us in a war with Mexico. I stop but a moment
to inquire of gentlemen upon the other side of the
Chamber how they hope to reconcile the people of
this country to their own glaring inconsistency ?
They made an issue before the people in the Presi-
dential canvass, and received the support of no
small number of voters, by proclaiming the act of
annexation as a just and certain cause of war.
You now throw yourselves before the same peo-
ple, and tell them, Oh, no; that was no cause of
war. Annexation did not produce it; but the war
has been made by the President! Will not the
people ask an explanation of this inconsistency?
Will you not have to acknowledge that your pre-
dictions were insincere in 1844, or that your decla-
rations now are unfounded ? This clamor about a
war with Mexico, and the injustice of annexing
Texas to the Union, did not cease with the elec-
tion. I will call your attention to an extract or
two from the New York Tribune, which will more
definitely exhibit the position of the Whig party,
even after the election of President.
[The honorable gentleman here read several ex-
tracts from the New York u Tribune,"containing
denunciations of the Democratic party on account
of annexation.]
With such declarations as these, made prior to
the election of President from one end of the
Union to the other, how car. you now change your
position, and charge the war upon the President,
because he ordered the army to the Rio Grande?
But, sir, not only did the Mexican Minister return
home, our Minister there dismissed, and a revolu-
tion favorable to Paredes, all showing that Mexico
intended war, but I desire to submit two or three
circulars, which issued from the War Department
in Mexico, that there may be no mistake, no doubt
about how and by whom the war was commenced.
[Here the honorable Senator submitted the well-
known official declaration of the Mexican Gov-
ernment, denouncing annexation as an act of war,
and directing the generals in command of the army
to collect troops.]
Here is the declaration of war! Here are the
circulars calling for soldiers to prosecute the war !
This was all done some twelve months before our
army left Corpus Christi. Will gentlemen still
insist that the removal of the army was the cause
of the war? In obedience to these orders from
the Department of War in Mexicd? troops were
collected, and an invading army, with orders to re-
take Texas, of which she insisted she had been
perfidiously despoiled. This army had its head-
quarters at Matamoros, waiting more troops and
additional preparations. Thus, with war declared,
an army collected, all chance for negotiation closed,
we are still gravely assured that nothing but the
removal of the army caused the war! I am wil-
ling that this assertion—no matter by whom made,
wholly unsupported by facts, and contradicted by
so many circumstances—shall go before the world
for what it is worth.
Again: it is urged that the President ought not
to have ordered the army on disputed ground.
The President might have been very delicately situ-
ated, in deciding what was disputed ground. The
Mexicans claimed all Texas; and by her the whole
ground was disputed, until our army crossed the
Sabine. I suppose gentlemen do not mean to in-
sist that it was the duty of the President to aban-
don Texas, in order to place the army on undispu-
ted territory. At what point do you say the ground
was undisputed ? Congress has fixed no boundary.
The best informed statesmen here may complain,
but they cannot define what they themselves call
undisputed ground. How was the President to
ascertain this boundary? Texas claimed to the
Rio Grande. She had never claimed any other
boundary. No other was established by either
Mexico or Texas. No other boundary was known
to the United States or to the world ! What was
the President to do? By his official oath, he was
bound to protect Texas. He had no power to de-
fine limits, unless Mexico had entered into treaty,
which she refused. I leave this question for those
wise statesmen to solve, who could not be satisfied
with any act which the President could do. If the
ground between the Nueces and the Rio Grande is
what gentlemen call disputed ground, and if that
were truly the case, I would say that, after every
effort to settle the dispute, and every overture of
peace had been rejected by Mexico, it was the duty
of the President to take possession of the disputed
ground; and if it had to be settled by war, let that
be the place of settlement.
