442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
setting myself right, not only here but elsewhere.
I choose not at this time to reply to the term " dis-
organizes" directly; yet I may be permitted to re-
mark, that I have not in my whole life been class-
ed as a disorganizer, either here or elsewhere. I
have never been charged with belonging to the fac-
tion that has done much to disorganize the Demo-
cratic party in Ohio; I have never been their friend
or adviser. Not so with my colleague behind me
[Mr. Sawyer.] But a very short time has passed
since he was known in Ohio as belonging to a fac-
tion of disorganizes in the Democratic party.
Mr. SAWYER was understood to desire the
gentlemen to specify.
Mr. FRIES. But a short time since the gentle-
man was known as a disorganizer in Ohio; as a
<l soft" in Ohio. It is true, since he came here, he
has occupicd the position of what is termed a
"hardbut I judge him by the company he keeps,
and if he is to be judged of in this way, he is still
a " soft;" because he is unquestionably the bosom
friend and adviser, at all times, of that class of pol-
iticians when they come to the city of Washing-
ton. 1 know very well when the great issue be-
tween the bank and anti-bank party was made in
1846, a flock of hungry, disappointed softs found
their way to this city, and were found side by side,
cheek-by-jowl, with my colleague, laying plots in
this city for a separate organization of the Demo-
cratic party in Ohio. Whether the gentleman is
one of the party I do not say; but when I see such
men as your George Has wells and your Tom
Drinkers associating and advising with my col-
league, I cannot but believe that he is identified in
feehngs and principles with them. Sir, I never
have been a friend of those men, who came on
here and predicted the defeat by forty or fifty
thousand votes of the Democratic party in Ohio.
Can the gentleman say his skirts, too, are clear
from (he contact of these men?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, as far as they can be.
Mr. FRIES, ft is somewhat singular that he
should have been picked out as the special friend of
such men, if he had not been favorable to them.
Mr. SAWYER, (in his seat.) ProbablyJ-he
gentleman is somewhat jealous ?
Mr. FRIES. I have never associated with such
men; and when gentlemen do, as a general lule,
we have good leason to believe they are friendly
to their cause.
The gentleman talks about <i disorganizes."
Disorganizes • We know who were disorganizes
in Ohio; and there never was so broad a line drawn
between the softs and the hards as there would have
been had not the sofls reluctantly come in, after
finding they could do no serious injury, and sus-
tained the cause m a (eft-handed manner. Who
are disposed to rule or ruin m Ohio? Is it the
gentlemen with whom I associate that stood up for
the great issues of 184G ? No, sir; but men of the
vciy :>tdinp and color I have already alluded to.
I have never boon classed with men who got up
the (i Wcwt Union Meeting." That was at a pe-
riod anterior to that to which I have alluded. I
have nothing further to say on that subject; it is
of ton delicate a natuic for me to refer to. It is
sufficient for me to say I have had no part or lot
in that scheme of disorganization.
But I have been arraigned before the farmers of j
Ohio. The gentleman called upon the farmers of 1
Ohio " to mark well thecouise of certain professed '
Democrats in regard to the Wilmot proviso." Ac-
cording to the explanation he has made, he seems
to have alluded to such men as my colleague from
the Mansfield district, [Mr. Brinkerhoff.]
The gentleman sets himself up here as a pattern
for consistency and adherence to the Admmistra- I
tion, and attempts to lash those who have been i
more faithful than he. Whence comes this new- I
born zeai for the President? Does it date back to :
to a period when that distinguished functionary !
received ins deep and loud curses? To a period I
when he swore he would neither enter his house 1
nor extend to him the common courtesies due from i
one gentleman to another? Does it extend back I
to that period when we heard those loud peals of I
his indignant thunder against the navy, its officers,
its organization,&c. ? or shall we look to that period
when a certain midshipman's warrant issued from
that department? It looks fresh, verdant, lately
broke out. Whether the Secretary of the Navy |
administered to him a diaphoretic, and brought his j
zeal to the surface, is not for me to say. But cer- I
tain it is, it has come out suddenly. But how does I
he now sustain the President ? By abusing others
for doing that which he himself failed to do—he
having voted against the bill throughout. And I
wish it understood that I, although in favor of the
proviso, should still have voted for the bill had that
proviso failed, because I knew well that in future
legislation in regard to territorial governments, we
had the power to prevent the recognition of slaves
as property; and without such recognition, slaves
could not be held in that territory.
Sir, the gentleman has made a new issue on this
matter before the people of Ohio. My object on
the present occasion is to meet it. That issue is
based mainly upon the different courses which
gentlemen from the State of Ohio have thought
proper to pursue hereupon the " Wilmot proviso."
I have very little to say about that question : my
object is merely to remark that I now am, and al-
ways have been, m favor of that proviso. lap-
prove of it, ^fecause I know it is approved of by
the people of Ohio—at least by the people of my
district; and that is sufficient for me. I am opposed
not to slavery where it now is and where it has
been, but to the further extension of it.
Mr. CUNNINGHAM here interposed, and (not
heard) was inferred to have inquired of his col-
league whether he did not believe that the Wilmot
proviso, by being attached to it, would defeat the
$3,000,000 bill asked by the President to enable
him to negotiate for peace ?
Mr. FRIES, (in reply.) I came to the conclu-
sion here a short time before the bill was brought
up, that it would strengthen, instead of defeating
the bill, ifit were adopted; and facts that have trans-
pired since, show that it did strengthen it here.
What influence it may have m the other House, it
is not my duty to inquire. I look, first and fore-
most, when a question presents itself, to the will
of my constituents, and then to the prospect of car-
rying it here. If another branch of Congress is
disposed to make war upon & measure because of
a certain proviso which this House may think it
their duty to attach, let the responsibility fall upon
their heads—it will not rest upon me.
Mr. SAWYER interposed, and (Mr. F. yield-
ing) said, as his colleague had talked about the
company he (Mr. S.) kept, he wished to show the
gentleman what company he was found in, in vo-
ting for the " Wilmot proviso." On agreeing to
that proviso, there were for it: Whigs 62, Demo-
crats 53. Against it: Whigs 23, Democrats S3.
That was the company hi^ colleague was found
in ! against the great body of the Democrats, and
with the jrreat body of the Whigs.
Mr. FRIES, (lesuming.) If the gentleman is
disposed to seek the company of the South, m
preference to us of his own State, I am perfectly :
willing he should go over. I have no anxiety to !
keep him in the traces. Pie has thiown himself,
soul and body, and—I had like to have said some-
thing else—into the scale of the South; and I am
disposed to let him stay there.
Mr. SAWYER. Eight of these very Whigs
voted for putting on this " Wilmot proviso," for
the purpose of killing the bill, and then voted
against it afterwards; and four of them were from
Ohio.
Mr. FRIES. I might also state that certain
Democrats, who voted in committee against the
proviso, in the Plouse, upon the yeas and nays,
where the record would go to the people, voted
for it.
But, let me say once for all, I have no issue to
make with gentlemen who voted differently from
me on that bill; every man has the right to vote as
he thinks proper: and I am now referring only to
my colleague from the northwest district, ["Mr.
Sawyer,] who has seen fit to arraign my course
and that of those with whom I acted. 1 wish it
to be distinctly understood, there are gentlemen
here who stood up against this " Wilmot proviso"
from the very commencement, for whom I have
the highest regaid; but it strikes me this was not
the case with my colleague. He was shifting about \
from one side to the other, like Paddy's flea; and it '
was only at the very time the vote was taken that
we knew how he was going; and then he got on
the wrong side—against the North and in favor of
southern peculiar interests.
Mr. SAWYER. I have the right to take that
course which I think best.
Mr. FRIES. Certainly you have the right; and
so has every man in this House. I wish to inter-
fere with no man's right in the slightest degree to
vote as he thinks proper. But the gentleman has
no right to arraign me for the exercise of the same
right. I am ready to meet him before the people
of Ohio on the issue he is disposed to make with
his own colleagues.
Sir, this " Wilmot proviso" is a matter I have
never sought to thrust upon this House. Plad it
been left to me alone, I should most unquestion-
ably never have brought it into this House at this
time. But the question was thrust upon us; not
by your Wilmots and Kings; not by gentlemen
now on this floor—not at all. We must look fur-
ther back, and into a different section of the Union,
to find the man or the men who forced this ques-
tion upon us. Sfr, we must look back to the his-
tory of a certain man, now in the other branch of
Congress, who figured as Secretary of State not
two years ago; to his correspondence with Mr.
King, then our Minister at the Court of France.
There was the commencement of this " Wilmot
proviso" discussion. It was thrust upon the Amer-
ican people by the then Secretary of State; and
neither your Wilmots nor your Kings brought
this discussion into this House. It was brought
here by the American people, because upon the
American people had it thus been obtruded by a
southern Secretary of State, who, in his correspond-
ence with Mr. King, commenced the discussion
of the propriety or impropriety of extending the
institution of slavery to territory not then within
our bounds. Then, for the first time, was the
broad issue made to the people, and the appeal,
to a part of them at least, that it was essentially
necessary for the institution of slavery that new
territory be added to the Union, for the purpose
of maintaining and sustaining that institution. I
deny that any gentleman on this floor, either Whig
or Democrat, thrust this question upon the House.
But after this question has thus been forced upon
the American people, and by the American people
is brought here—although gentlemen from the
samo section of the Union with the distinguished
gentleman who raised it, now seem to wash their
hands of it, and are constantly blaming us for en-
tertaining it, and declaring that we are'distracting
the Democratic party—it strikes me that we from
the free States have at least a reasonable apology
for meeting this question. Sir, we have met it;
we have met it as becomes freemen, and I trust we
shall so meet it in all time to come. But it was
not sought by me, or by my friends, or by the peo-
ple of the free States, but was thrust upon us by
gentlemen from the slave States. Ajid gentlemen
from the South now come here and say a sacrifice
must be made of the Democratic party in the
North, for the sake of subserving what they con-
sider their interests on this question. I ask gen
tlemen if it is incumbent on us, in the slightest de-
gree, to make this sacrifice, after the question has
been forced upon us by the South, and our people
have come up and spoken with a unanimity never
betore known upon a question where there was so
short a time for its consideration ? I ask whether
we, in meeting this question, should turn round
and sacrifice^ ourselves? I hold that we arc not
bound to do it. I hold that no gentleman from the
South should ask us to do it. Do they not know
that whoever from the free States yields the point
is a doomed man ? Every man knows as well as
that he has a soul within him that nine-tenths of
the people of the fiee States are in favor of the
"Wilmot proviso." Why, then, I ask, do our
southern friends come here and ask us to sacrifice
ourselves by voting against it? What safeguard
would they have hereafter from the North against
the encroachments of Federalism ? Upon what
have they had to rely but the Democracy of the
North, who have always been found true to them,
and true to their constitutional and just rights?
Why, then, do they ask us to come up and do an
act that will kill us, and will fill our seats with
gentlemen of opposite politics? which will knock
down every barrier that has been ercctcd hez*e
against the encroachments of Abolitionists, and
others who have frequently united with them upon
this floor ?
Sir, in the course of my political life-—and I
know it has not been long—but in the course of
my whole life, I never knew men ask at the hands
of others that which seemed to me more utterly
incompatible with common sense and common rea-
son. Sir, they know very well that all the cher-
ished measures pressed upon Congress by the Ad-
ministration have been sustained by the Demo-
