444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
we have always stood up for the South upon all
questions looking as though inroads were to be
made upon the just and constitutional rights of the
South. We expect to do it for all time to come.
In no instance have we—and, I doubt not, that
will be our course in future—trenched upon any
single right of the South under the Constitution.
For all time to come, let it be distinctly understood
that I, for one, stand up in defence of the just aiyl
constitutional rights of the South, both liere and
at home. But when they come in here and claim
what I believe they have no right to claim, and
that in opposition to the will of the majority of
the people of the United States, and a majority on
this floor, I then take it upon myself to stand in
opposition to their grasping demands.
Mr. LEAKE here interposed, and (the floor
being yielded) was understood to remark, thatgen-
tlemen were declaring that the South was standing
here and asserting the prerogative, on the part of
this Government, to extend slavery where it does
not now exist. He wished to call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio to the fact, that so far
from that position being taken by any southern
man, they disclaimed the authority or power of this
Government to interfere to any extent whatever
with the rights of slave-property in any territory
hereafter to be acquired. "We maintain (he said)
that is a question to be left to the people of this
territory to decide, and with which this Govern-
ment cannot interfeie.
Mr. FRIES. I think I understand the position
of the gentleman, and I was not disposed to place
him in a false position.
Mr. LEAKE, (in his seat.) Oh, no.
Mr. FRIES.. But I wish it distinctly under-
stood that the South have no constitutional right
to extend slavery where it does not now exist; and
the majority of this House being of opinion that
it should not be extended, have the right to pro-
hibit it in the territory we may acquire.
Mr. LEAKE. Has this Government the power
by its own action, to carry slavery into territory
where it does not now exist? And if not, whcncc
the power of the Government to prohibit it? The
one power must, necessarily involve the other.
Mr. FRIES. Does the gentleman take the ground
that slaves rue property ?
Mr. LEAKE. I do. I take the ground that
they are property.
Mr. FRIES. Then, accordingtothegcntleman's
own position, if slaves should be taken there by
southern gentlemen, it would require a special act
of Congress in (he establishment of a territorial
government there to recognise them as propcify,
or they would not be property. And I do not be-
lieve that the fiamers of the Constitution ever
intended we should exercise such a power. But
if we blink the question now, and we are to get, ter-
ritory, how long will it be before the question
would be brought up here again, and we be called
to vote directly whether we will ingraft slavery
upon that territory, or prohibit it ? Sir, this ques-
tion must come, it will be as well to meet it
now. We may as well let the South know now
what gentlemen intend to do. If we do not, I hold
it would be acting unjustly towaids them. If I
had had control of the question, it should not have
been raised now, but inasmuch as it has been
thrust upon us, as we have seen, from the South 
inasmuch as it is up, I repeat, it would be acting
unjustly if not ungenerously towards the South,
not to give them fair warning now that we do in-
tend to prevent the further extension of slave ter-
ritory.
Sir, wc oppose the extension of this institution,
because we believe it to be incompatible with every
principle of uglu, of justice, and of Christianity;
we oppose it, because we believe the great mass of
the civilized and Christianized world are against it*
we oppose it, because we know our constituents are
against it. We are not disposed to grant that this
is a Divine institution, as some contend. We do
not believe it is tolerated by the plainest, common-
est principles of humanity, much less by the doc-
trine of God himself. It is true I don't speak as
the " accredited organ of God Almighty," like my
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Sims;] but I
speak the sentiments of my people; and I believe
that slavery is directly at war with the teachings
of the Bible. It has been attempted on this floor
to prove that it is a Divine institution; an institu-
tion sanctioned by the law of Moses, and by the
Old and New Testaments.
Mr. SIMS. The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Jones,] proved the other day that it was recog-
nised and sustained by the Word of God; and any
man who differs from that is an infidel.
Mr. FRIES. I wish it to be distinctly under-
stood by my constituents and the country, if it is
proved to be a divine institution, sanctioned bythe
Word of God, I am an infidel. But gentlemen
must pardon me if I do not adopt their construction
of the Bible on this point. It is directly the reverse
of the fundamental teachings and principles of the
Bible and of Christianity; and it was not intended
by the framers of the Constitution to make it a
permanent institution, but was only tolerated tem-
porarily.
That the father of the republic (Washington) con-
templated the extinction of slavery is undeniable.
That he looked to a speedy emancipation in Vir-
ginia is proved by his letter to Sir John Sinclair,
dated at Philadelphia, and to be found in Sparks's
Writings of Washington, page 326. In that letter,
he shows why lands were more valuable in Penn-
sylvania than they were in Virginia and Maryland,
and uses the following language, viz: "Andbe-
4 cause there are laws here (in Pennsylvania) for the
' gradual abolition of slavery which neither of the
' two States (Virginia and Maryland) above men-
4 tioned have at present, but xckich nothing is more
1 certain than that they must have, and at a period not
4 remote 
Sir, neither Washington, nor any other of the
apostles of liberty, ever dreamt that this institu-
tion would be set up at this day as sanctioned by
the divine law. None then believed, as now avow-
ed, that this institution constitutes one of the4'chief
corner stones of the republic." Sir, such princi-
ples were not entertained by Jefferson, who, though
a slaveholder, declared, when speaking of slavery,
that he trembled for the fate of his country, when
he reflected that God was just.
What were the sentiments of those who passed
the ordinance of 1787, which looked cleaily to
the prohibiting of the further extension of thus in-
stitution ? Were the men who sustained that great
measure stigmatized as "Abolitionists?" If so,
they were all Abolitionists save one, and he, I am
sorry to say, from a free State. On the passage
of that ordinance the yeas and nays were demand-
ed by Mr. Yates, of New York, when it was
found that all voted in the affirmative, save one,
and he was from a free State. Every southern
member voted for that ordinance. Will gentlemen
say that all those men weie Abolitionists? If so,
I, too, am one.
Gentlemen tell us that this Wilmot proviso is a
new thing in the legislative history of our Gov-
ernment. Not so, sir. I shall show that no less
a personage than Jefferson was in favor of the
punciplc involved in that " proviso" in 1784. By
referring to the Journal of Congress for 1784, page
373, you will find, that whilst they were acting on
a bill for the 44 Temporary government of the
Western Territory," Jefferson, Chase,and Flow-
ell, made a report, in which is found the following
" Wilmot pioviso," if you so please to call it:
" That after the year 1800 of the Christian era,
4 there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary ser-
i vitude in any of the said States, otherwise than in
4 the punishment of crimes whereof the party shall
4 have been convicted to have been personally
' guilty." Strange Abolitionism this ! But I leave
it with the gentlemen of the South to make the
best of it.
I shall now close by saying, that part of the re-
maiks which I felt myself constrained to make, I
should gladly have omitted, had I not deemed
such a course unjust to myself. To be brought in
collision with a political fiieod and colleague, for
whom 1 never had, nor have I now any other than
the kindest personal feelings, is painful indeed.
To err is human. To differ in opinion is so com-
mon, that none should be arraigned for it, unless
their motives are known to be wrong. I have
acted on this principle,and shall continue so to do.
I shall make no attacks on men for their opinions;
and, sir, I shall permit no man to arraign me with-
out making an effort, at least, to defend myself.
To the right I shall always submit; to the wrong,
never.*
ij * The lestriciinns of thp "hour role" prevented me from
,: saying on the floor so much of the foregoing as lelates to the
past and preseut position ot Mr. Sawyer to the President,
j! and also what refers to the early history of the extension of
" slavery.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he wished to call the at-
tention of the committee to the fact that this day
had been specially allotted to the business of the
Territories, and it was the only time they would
have to attend to this important business. He
appealed, therefore, to the committee not to waste
this Territorial time in this general discussion.
He meant no reflection on his fiiend from Ohio;
but for the purpose of putting a limit to this debate,
he moved that the committee rise.
The motion prevailing, the committee rose and
reported progress.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the usual resolution to
close the debate in half an hour after the commit-
tee shall again resume its session on the bill estab-
lishing the Territorial Government of Itasca. The
resolution was agreed to.
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the bill to establish a Territorial
Government of Itasca.
Mr. SAWYER said he wished to defend him-
self from some unjust aspersions which had been
cast upon him by a man whom he esteemed his
warm personal friend. He had not supposed that
that bitter rancor, that maledictive spirit, rankled
in the bosom of his colleague—a man whom he
supposed to be his friend, if he had any on earth,
but who had been treasuring his malignity and
spleen against him, in a way altogether unexpect-
ed, as was manifested by him in his remarks to-
day.
Why, he charges me with associating with cer-
tain individuals. It was true, when gentlemen
came from his State to this city, with whom he
was well acquainted, and wished an interview with
him, and extended to him the courtesies of gentle-
men, he was not going to turn them out of his so-
ciety, nor had he any'disposition to. These very
men are my friends; and one great reason, I have
no doubt, why I have been visited by more of them
than my colleague, is, because 1 am better acquaint-
ed in the State of Ohio. Having been in political
life ever since I was eligible to public office, I have
become acquainted with almost evei v Democrat in
that State; and when thpy come to Washington, it
is not unreasonable that they should call upon me
and seek my aid in attending to their business.
The gentleman may be jealous in this particular.
Mr. FRIES. I hope my friend will not suspect
me of being jealous for not being associated with
that kind of company.
Mr. SAWYER. " Thatkind of company!" He
has designated two individuals—Messrs. Drinker
and Haswell—and two alone. I know nothing
against their private character. Mr. Haswell has
been the editor of the Democratic "organ" of Ohio,
and advocated the hard-money doctrine.
Mr. FRIES. He was not the editor of a Dem-
ocratic "organ."
Mr. SAWYER. I may have been mistaken;
but Mr. Haswell was the editor of what was called
the Democratic organ m Ohio. I don't know any-
thing about the peculiar soundness of their Democ-
racy. But I am charged with associating with
such men ' and from that it is inferied that I am a
soft. [A laugh.] Now, I am willing to measure
my public life with that of the gentleman, or any
other man, as regards this question of hard and
soft. During the five yeats I was in the Ohio Le-
gislature, I had the opportunity of voting for the
charter of some one hundred and fifty State banks.
I was in the Legislature when the United States
Bank went down; I voted for every measure to put
it down; and I never m my life voted for but two
banks out of the one hundred and fifty I had the
opportunity of voting for. Upon every occasion
when the question was made, it is proverbially
known throughout Ohio that I have been an un-
compromising hard-money Locofoco. [Laughter,]
If the gentleman's associations have fostered in his
heart a different opinion, I rejoice that he has had
the manliness to-day to deliver himself of that se-
cret fire, which, it cannot but be obvious to every
gentleman who heard him, was raging in his heart
towards me. He has taken the opportunity on
this occasion to charge me with being a soft, and
he intimates I was connected with the 41 West
Union" resolutions. In this he is entiiely mista-
ken: I took the other side. And if the gentleman
would refer to Mr. Medary, the editor of the "Ohio
Statesman," he would find that I wrote two com-
munications, at least, taking the side against the
44 West Union meeting."
The district I represent is proverbial for its hard-
