1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44§
money doctrines; and they have selected me, once
and again, as> their Representative oil this floor, as
an uncompromising hard-money Democrat. I have
been a voter twenty-two years. I never gave a
Fedetal vote in my life, and 1 never missed an elec-
tion. For the last fourteen years, I have been an
attendant on every Democratic State convention
which has ever been held m my -State, except the
last one, and then 1 was here. My colleague comes
up now, and charges me with being a so/if. [Laugh-
ter.] Has he ever shown his hand upon the sub-
ject? I have. A charge of that kind comes with
a bad grace from him.
But my colleague [Mr. Frirs] disclaims having
any alliance with the Abolitionists. My friend
across the way—for I so call him, and so consider
him personally, and I never have been ashamed to
avow it since 1 became acquainted with the man—
I mean Mr. Giddings; to my friend, 1 say, I have
to express my sorrow, that notwithstanding he has
buffeted all the opposition the party 1 belong to and !
the Whig party have arrayed against him for his ;
peculiar principles, and thereby gained some noto- I
riety, there are gentlemen now coming up and en- i
deavoring to steal it from him. He is a professed I
Abolitionist. "Well, he has a right to be. He takes i
bold ground, and maintains it without shadow of I
turning. I respect him lor it. But let me tell that |
gentleman, after being expelled from this House |
for his honest views, fearlessly maintained and j
declared, he is now thrown far in the shade, and i
eclipsed here—by whom? Why, by men claim- |
ingto be hard-money, exclusive Democrats! You j
[addressing Mr. GiddingsJ are thrown far m the
shade, and these gentlemen are taking up the vic-
tory you have won by your blood, as it were, [a
laugh,] and robbing you of your laurels. Sir, you
stand sccond-bcst. [Renewed laughter.] My hon-
orable colleague [Mr. Fries] claims to be a hard-
money Democrat—an exclusive Democrat; but I
am charged by him—a gentleman for whom I have
had thehighestrespect—with beingasoft, [alaugh.]
I can't, sir, esteem him now, [a laugh,] unless an
explanation [renewed merriment] be made, to sat-
isfy me that he has not become my enemy, as his
speech shows.
Mr. FRIES. Do you want an explanation
now ?
Mr. S. assenting—
Mr. F. said, his colleague was entirely mis-
taken in supposing he (Mr. F.) had charged him
wnh being a soft; but he remaiked, judging the
gentleman by the company he keeps, and being
found himself almost continually a picked associ-
ate with men who are known throughout Ohio as
softs and disorganizes, he took it for granted that
he must have some feelings of sympathy in a gen-
eral way with them.
Mr. SAWYER. I have. Personally they are
my friends, and as good Democrats as the gentle-
man or myself.
Mr. FRIES. I deny that.
Mr. SAWYER. They differ upon some ques-
tions with me, but when the great contest comes
up, they are found right. I associate with them—
and 1 here remark, I am proud of it—as I do with
a decent Whig oradeccnt Abolitionist. [Laughter.]
Personally i respect them.
But i am charged again with talking about
" white slaves;" that I have placed upon the same
platform the mechanics of the East and of my own
State with the black slave. Sir, if I were to say it,
I have high authority for it. The very papers the
gentleman supports, and I support, in the State ol
Ohm, have been for many years proclaiming the
dreadful degradation visited upon the heads of
those persons who work in the factories in the
East. Does the gentleman deny it? Pick up a
Democratic paper published in any section of this
Union six or eight years since, and you will see
portrayed that most dire slavery—worse than that
of black slaves. But I did not mean to class the
mechanics with the slaves of the South: the idea
which the s*entjeman seeks to impute to mc. Sir,
why should I do such a thing? Was I raised m
a doctor's shop? No: I served a regular appren-
ticeship of six years to this mechanical business:
I followed it fifteen years afterwards. I follow a
laborious business every day I am at home. My
business, my interests, and everything I hold dear
and sacred on earth, are associated with the me-
chanics; and it will not do for my colleague or any
other man to get up and attempt by a kind of side-
mpe to make "me say a thing no man can suspect
ii
or believe I said. Such a charge, sir, will be en-
tirely harmless.
Mr. FRIES (Mr. S. yielding) said, he claimed,
too, to be a mechanic; so that the gentleman in
that respcct stood precisely on the same ground
with himself
Mr. SAWYER. I shall write out my remarks
the other day, and put them, may-be, as 1 delivered
them [a laugh]; and if I take the liberty of making
some alterations, [renewed laughter,] it will be
according to custom: I shall plead the general
practice of the country.
But Mr. S. had one remark to make concerning
his position on the subject of slavery. He refer-
red to the propositions of amendment offered by
Mr. Douglass and Mr. Graham to the thiee mil-
lion bill, recognising and extending the Missouri
compromise over territory to be acquired; and to
his votes in favor of them. He was one of those
(he said) who believed in the power and capacity
of the people to govern in these matters as they see
proper. We say in these propositions, by way of
compromise, that slavery may be excluded nouh j
of that line; but south of it, it shall exist if the
inhabitants of the territory shall demand and de-
sne ii; and if they shall not, it shall notgothei-e.
Mr. GIDD1JNGS was understood to inquire
whether the white people weie to decidc the ques-
tion 5 or, were the slaves to have a voice in it?
Mr. SAWYER. No; never in this country will
I consent that the negio shall have a voice in
elections, m the legislative halls, or on the judicial
bench, nor shall he be educated in the school-
house with my children.
Mr. G1DDINGS wanted to inquire of his col-
league whether he made the color of the skin or
the intelligence of a man the rule by which lie was
to be governed in deciding upon his worth ?
Mr. SAWYER replied that that was asking a
question in a very insidious way. [A laugh.] But
he would answer his colleague s question by ask-
ing him another: Was the gentleman willing to take
into his family, as the intimate associate of his
wife and children, and himself, a black man or a
black woman? Or was he willing to suffer a son
of ins to connect himself in the holy bonds of mat-
umony [a laugh] with a negro wench ? [Renewed
laughtei.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman give way
for an answer ;
Mr. SAWYER. I desire a categorical answer.
Mr. GIDDINGS was undetstood to say, for
himself he looked to the virtue and intelligence of
a man, and he would rather have Alexander Du-
mas as his associate, black as he is, than some
men on this floor.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. Chairman, " every man
to his taste." I choose to taste not. [Great laugh-
ter.]
On this subject of slavery (continued Mr. S.) he
presumed his sentiments were perfectly well un-
derstood. He was a colonizationist, and he be-
lieved the only practicable way of getting rid of the
slave was by colonizing them into a country by
themselves. He was willing they should enjoy all
the freedom he enjoyed, but he wanted them to i
enjoy it by themselves, and not among us. If the
gentleman chooses abolition, if he chooses to abol-
ish slavery and invite the negroes to mix up with
us—
[A voice: "And cross the breed."]
Yes, (continued Mr. S.,) and cross the breed,
he may take his choice; for myself I enter my ;
solemn protest [a laugh] against it. !
Mr. Chairman, I i?ave had some considerable of ;
a breeze to-day all around; but I regret, exceeding- 1
ly regiet, the latter; because I supposed I was ;
rooming with an associate, with a fnend—a man
that I had no secrets but I would be willing to con- (
fide to; in whose keeping I believed my honor and |
my integrity, political and otherwise, weie safe. \
1 regret, deeply regiet, to be informed I was hug- !,
gingto my bosom a viper who would sting mc if :
he had me m his power. I fear such has been the 11
case. !
Mr. FRIES, (Mr. S. yielding.) I believe I an-
nounced in my remarks very decidedly, that I had !,
no personal feeling against my colleague from the j
northwest district. I think no one who knows our ij
leiations will suspect me of having any unkind '
feelings towards him. Certainly if I was not then i
understood, I wish now to be understood: I have !
no personal feelings towaids my colleague; but i
having been, as I conceive, arraigned by him, my
acts called in question, my motives called in ques-
tion, I thought I had a perfect right, without stop-
ping to consult at all, (as the gentleman did not
stop to consult me,) to meet this matter as I did.
Mr. SAWYER replied, that when he obtained
the floor the other day, he had no idea of saying
anything upon the subject. His colleague, more-
over was not in the House, and he thought he was
sufficiently guarded not to hurt his feelings, or the
feelings of any other gentleman. And in private
conversation with the gentleman since, and with
one or two other gentlemen, he had disclaimed the
language put into his mouth in the report, or hav-
ing any unkind feelings towards them; and had
told them he had said several things which were
not there. After this explanation, for the gentle-
man to get up and attack him in the way he had,
was unexpected, and seemed designed to injure
him, or wound his feelings.
Mr. FRIES inquired, if the gentleman was wil-
ling that the people in this territory should deter-
mine whether slavery should exist or not therein,
as lie had "said he was, what became of his prop-
osition to extend the compromise line of 36° 30'
over that territory ?
Mr. SAWYER replied, that the South, he un-
derstood, were willing, by way of compromise, to
agree that slavery might be prohibited north of
that line, as waiKone in the case of the Missouri
compromise, leaving the people to decide for them-
selves south of that line. And yet when this fair
proposition was offered here, it was voted down
with contempt.
The time allotted to debate here expired.
The vote on Mr. M. L. Martin's amendment
was about being taken; when
Mr. WINTHROP rose and said, if the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Martin to substitute the
name of ct Minnesota" for Itasca" did not pre-
vail, he would mo\e to substitute the name of
" Chippewa" for " Itasca."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON disliked all these
Indian names, and proposed to call the new Terri-
tory by the name of " Jackson," as a proper trib-
ute to that distinguished patriot.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, would suggest
that, if one of the future States of this Union was to
be named after any American citizen, living oi
dead, he thought it would be decidedly better to
call it after the Father of his Country, and call it
" Washington."
True, we had a city which bore his beloved and
ever-venerated name, but so had we various towns,
villages, and counties, which bore the name of.Tack-
son. He thought if the name of any of our states-
man were to be fixed upon a State, the honor ought
surely to be reserved for the man whose title would
ever be " the Father of his Country."
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL expressed his hope
that the suggestion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would be adopted, and that the name of
Chippewa would be fixed upon.
The question was then taken on striking out
"Itasca," and inserting " ^Minnesota."
Mr. THOMPSON contended that it oufflit first
to be put on his motion for "Jackson," as an
amendment to the amendment.
But the CHAIR ruled it out of order, because
it did not amend the amendment, hut destroyed it
entirely. The names must be voted on separately,
rind in the oidcr m which they had been moved
If Minnesota wos rejected, then the gentleman's
motion would be in order.
The question being put on " Minnesota," it was
agreed to without a count.
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the Hou^e as amended.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved to amend the bill so
as to limit the sessions of the Legislature of the
Territory of Minnesota to " forty days" instead of
" sixty days.,5 Agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved the previous question.
And under its operation the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time: was engross-
ed, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to amend the till** by
substituting the name of" Chippewa." for "Min-
nesota."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order,
as the bill had been passed.
Mr. WINTHROP said he had listened atten-
; lively for the question on agreeing to the title, but
j did not hear the Chair propound it. Mr. W. said
! he would not press his-aruendment,
