450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
Theve must be judgment exercised in this matter.
We must trust it to somebody. The President is
the responsible person, who must, necessarily com-
mence and carry on this negotiation. 1 am not
going to say whether he is lit or unlit; I have no
right to say so. I have always entertained habi-
tual respect for those who fill the highest offi-
ces of Government, and will not be guilty of the
indecorum of giving any opinion of my own. I
am indebted to the President for many of his meas-
ures. The South is indebted to him. The con-
stancy, intrepidity and firmness, which the Presi-
dent displayed at the last session of Congress, du-
ring the discussion of the great measure of free;
trade, have laid the South under a lasting debt of
gratitude to him. I have none of the feelings in !
relation to political influences, which may be i
brought to bear upon this subject, that I ha\e seen ;
manifested on tins floor. A great deal has been ;
said about the Union newspaper. I never heard
[A laugh.] I have lived
The bill for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of the late Robert Sewell;
The bill for the relief of Wade Allen;
The bill to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of Thomas C. Sheldon, late receiver of
public moneys at Kalamazoo, Michigan;
The bill directing the Secretary of the Navy to !
purchase from Dr. James P. Espy his patent right ,
for the conical ventilator for the use of the United ;
States;
The bill granting a pension to Bethia Healy,
widow of George Healy, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Andrew Moore:
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Louis de la
Houssaye;
The bill for the relief of Alfred White ,
The joint resolution to correct an error m the act !
of June 17, 1844, for the iebef of Mary Ann Lin 1
ton;
The bill for the relief of Robert M. Harrison; |
The bill for the relief of Creed Taylor; i
The bill for the relief of John Stockton, late a
such a storm in my life.
long enough to know that new brush always bums jj
and" leaves the log untouched. [A laugh.] Why, :j lieutenant in the army of the United States, ;
I cannot tell what it all means. I owe no resent- h The bill for the relief of the heirs of Jethro '
ment, and I feel none. When I take up the Union, ,! Wood;
expecting to find something of the doings of Con- ;j The bill to authorize the issuing of a register to
gress, lo! I find nothing but long disquisitions
about the liberty of the press; very eloquent, per-
haps, but as indefinite as the very boundary which
we me now seeking to define. [A laugh.] Mr.
President, we are certainly in a difficult position.
If we quit the war, it will be apparently with dis-
honor. If we go on it must end in mischief. The
truth is, we are like the shepheid who has got the
wolf by the ears ! It is hnzardous to let go—it is
worse to hold on. [A laugh.'J What to do I can
scarcely tell; 1 can do no more than olTer my sug-
gestions; 1 shall take refuge in the wisdom, the !
moderation, the firmness of Senators upon this '
floor—and I hope to hear them all—when 1 come ;
to give my final vote; and I appeal to them. I have
no vanity; and so far as regards party feeiing, none
at all. 1 have no aspnations. I shall not profit
by the triumphs of any one party in the United
States. I have no higher ambition than with fidel-
ity to represent in part the State of South Carolina.
Mr. HOUSTON then took the floor, and ex-
pressing a wish to defer his lemarks until to-mor-
row, he moved to take up the private calendar, but
withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. SIMMONS, who indicated a willingness to
proceed to-day. He said he had no desire to oc-
cupy much of the time of the Senate; and, perhaps,
hesliould not have said a woul but for the strong
expressions and imputations—for so lie must re-
gard them—which had been u^ed toward* that
State which he had the honor in part to represent,
for the position she had seen fit to take m regard to
the acquisition of teintory. By her resolutions
Rhode Island protested against an acquisition of
territory for the further extension of slavery; and
he was willing to say lieie in his place that he be-
lieved the position assumed by the Slate of Rhode ,,
Island was sound. jj
Mr. S. here yielded to a desire of Senators to ;j
proceed with the private calendar.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped that the nnval ap- j
propnation bill might be taken up. The Senator ;!
from Missouri had given notice of his intention to H
call up the military bill during the morning hour ,i
to-morrow, and therefore it would be better to go ,j
on with the naval bill until disposed of. !|
Mr. SEVIl^R adverted to the fact that the Sen- \ \
atorfroin Florida, who had charge of the amend- ''
ments, hud been unexpectedly called out of the ,j
Senate, and had requested him (Mr. S.) to make |i
the statement; and it was that which had induced
him to move to go on with the private calendar. I1
Mr. HUN 1'INGTON, under the circumstances, J!
would not resist the proposition. ii
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the calendar; frhen the following bills were
severally considered m Committee of the Whole,
read a third time, and passed:
The joint iesolution concerning the purchase of
additional lands for the use of the United States
armory at Harper's Ferry;
The bill for the relief of William Marvin, in
confirming the title to a tract of land in Florida,
granted by the Spanish Government to Bernardo
Segui on the 20th December, 1815;
The bill to authorize the issuing of a new re-
gister for the American barque Pons, of Philadel-
phia, by the name of the Cordelia;
the hrigantine Ocean Queen;
The bill for the relief of John Bronson;
The bill for the relief of Ray Tompkins and oth-
ers, children and heirs at law of the late Daniel D.
Tompkins;
The joint resolution for the relief of John Dev-
lin;
The bill for the relief of Pearson Cogswell;
The joint resolution for the relief of Caleb Green;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Watson;
The bill granting a pension to Abigail Garland, j
widow of Jacob Garland, deceased; i
The bill for the relief of James S. Conway; j
The bill for the relief of James F. Sothron; j
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Andrew D. j
Crosby; t _ j
The bill for the relief of William A. Christian; j
The bill to grant a ri^ht of preemption to Philip ;
F. Dering and Robert H. Champlin to a tract of j
mineral land; ;
The joint resolution for the relief of John and <
Charles Bruce;
The bill for the settlement of the claims of John '
R.Williams;
The bill confirming the title of a tract of land to j
the heirs and legal representatives of Pierre Du- 1
fresne. !
The bill for the relief of General Pvobert Arm- .
strong was taken up, and, after having been deba- :
ted at length bv Messrs. PEARCE, CRITTEN- 1
DEN, CAMERON, ATCHISON, TURNEY,
and others, was finally laid on the table.
On motion, the Senate pmeeded to the eonsid- j
eration of executive business; and alter some time :
spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thuusdat, February 38, 1847.
The.Tournal of yesterday was read mid approved.
The SPEAKER, announced that the first busi-
ness in order would be the special order, (i. e., the
consideration of bills rotating to the Territories.)
Mr. MARTIN", of Wisconsin, moved that the
! House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
j on the state of the Union.
I Mr. PAYNE asked leave to offer a resolution.
: Objection was made.
! Whereupon the House resolved itself into Com-
1 mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
| (Mr. Ciivpmas, of Alabama, m the chair,) and
i renewed the consideration of bills relating to the
| Territories.
! The committee took up the bill to aid in the con-
; struction of certain roads in the territory of Ore-
i gon-
i Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, moved to amend
j the bill by striking out all thereof and substituting
| therefor the following:
" Be it enact#*, $'c., Tliat there lie and hereby are appro-
' priated, out ot any money in the treasuiy not otherwise
I appropriated, the following sunn of money, to he expended
under the dueclion of the Secretary ot War, for the follow-
.! mg purposes, to wit:
For improving the road from Milwaukee to Madison and
to Watertown, five thousand dollar ;
For improving the road from Milwaukie to Fond du Lac,
three thousand dollars;
For improving the road from Sheboygan to Fox river, two
thousand dollars;
For improving the Green Bay and Chicago mad, from
Raeine nottb, two thou-and dollars;
For improving the road fiom Platevillc to Potosi, two
thousand dollars;
For improving the road from Racine to Madison, three
thousand dollars; , _
For opening a load from Prairie du Chien to Laporte,
tlnec thousand dollars."
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved to amend the
substitute by adding three additional sections,
which provide—
" That the Secretary of War shall eanse to he purveyed
and opened a military road fiom Fort Howaid, at Green
Bay, in the Tenitory of Wisconsin, to Foik Wilkins, on
Lake Superior, in the State ofMichigan,upon such route
may appear best calculated to effect the purposes of this act;
and nppropnatinjj five thousand dollars towards the accom-
plishment of the objects specified in the amendment.*'
Mr. MARTIN accepted Mr. Smith's amend-
ment as a modification of his own.
Mr. G. W. JONES thought the amendment
unnecessary and improper at this time, to say the
least of it. He could see no need of a military
road in that direction; there was no prospect of
military operations in that quarter; and if the peo-
ple there wanted roads, let them make them for
themselves.
Mr. MARTIN defended the bill with earnest-
ness. He observed that iis title ought to be amend-
ed so as to read " A bill to fill the tieasury of the
United States;" for that would be its true effect in
practice. Of the thirty-five millions of acres m the
Territories, the United States Government owned
thirty millions. Was it proper that the proprie-
tors of the remaining five millions should pay the
whole expenses of theTerritory ?—pay all the tax-
es, build all the roads, and the Government, that
was the main proprietor, contribute nothing ? Why
should it not be charged the same, pro rata, as in-
dividual owners ? Appropriations of this descrip-
tion for the improvement of the Territories had
never been refused; on the contrary, the Govern-
ment had given to the amount of live per cent, on
the value of the lands sold; but last year this ap-
propriation had not been made. A million and a
half of dollars had gone into the treasury from
this territory within less than two years; five per
cent, on what the Government had received would
amount to $75,000; whereas this bill appropriated
but §25,000. It was true, they had had no fight-
ing on that frontier; but they had a military post
maintained there, and the miners within the Ter-
ritory were under the management of the War
Department; a fort had been erected with a view
to the protection of the miners; and without this
road there would be no inlet for settlers. As a
matter of revenue, it would be a good speculation
for the Government to make this road. Every
consideration, whether of justice or expediency,
demanded the measure.
Mr. POLLOCK adverted to the peculiar condi-
tion of Wisconsin in its transition state from a
Territorial to a State existence. He considered
i her, in fact, as a semi-State; and he would, there-
I! fore, exeicise greater caution in authorizing appro-
ij priations for her benefit. As she would be a State
j when this appropriation came to be expended, a
question might arise as to her enjoying benefits not
' 1 conferred on other States.
I Mr. P. could not give his support to this bill,
;; though he went for all general appropriations for
rivers, harbors, the Cumberland i*oad, &c.
;! Mr. ROBERT SMITH warmly advocated the
bill, which, he contended, made no more than the
usual appropriations for the benefit of Territories.
He considered it the duty of Government to pro-
vide for opening the country by good roads, to ad-
vance its settlement: the increased sales would
more than compensate for money thus expended.
He did not view the bill in the light of a boon, but
as a matter of right; and if Wisconsin was soon
to be a State, that presented no reason why Con-
gress should not do for her, now, what was rie:ht
in itself, and should have been done last year. He
should scorn to use any argument in the nature of
a threat; but it might be well to remind gentlemen
that the march of empire was westward, and that
the day was coming when the West would have
the control of these matters in her own hands:
when she might perhaps be disposed to remember
who had been willing to aid her before she became
of full age.
Mr. G. W.JONES renewed his opposition to
the bill, denying that these appropriations would
ever bring a dollar more into the Treasury, while,
in the meantime, they would take many out, and
that at a time like this, when the Government was
