1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
resorting to new and onerous taxation to carry on
the war. The gentleman from Illinois had, he be-
lieved, professed himself willing to impose a lax
on tea and coffee. How would the gentleman re-
concile it to consistency, with one hand to gather
revenue from the necessaries of life, and then with
the other to give it for the purpose of making roads
through a wilderness?
Mr. DOUGLASS obtained the floor; but yield-
ed it at the request of j i
Mr. RATHBUN, who inquired if it was not in ji
order to perfect the bill before the substitute could j;
be considered.
The CHAIR stated it was. ii
Mr. RATHBUN then moved to amend the bill jj
by adding thereto the following: "To impiove
the harbor of Little Sodus Bay, $5,000." j1
Mr. R. was going on to address the committee; ;|
when |!
Mr. G. DAVIS asked him to yield the floor to ij
him for a moment, to enable him Jo oiler an amend- ! i
meat; and Mr. D. offered the following: ,i
« And that the sum of two hundred and fntty thousand 'I
dollar? be, and the same is hereby, appiopnatfd Tor the im- ,
provement of the navigation ot the Ohio river below the fill J4*, ,
arid the Missouri and Mississippi rivei?; and thatthe further \\
sum of one hunditd thousand dollar* be, und the. same is m
heieby, appropriated for the improvement ot the navigation j
of the Ohio uver above the fall*. Thar the said sunn ot
money be p.ud out of any money m the trc.muv not other- | j
wise appropiuited, and be expended muter tho dueetion of ,]
the Secretary of War. "> 'j
Mr. CROZIER proposed to amend Mr. Da- ^
vis's amendment by adding the following: u And n
one hundred thousand dollars to be expended in '!
the improvement of the navigation ef the Tennes-
see and Holston rivers, above the Muscle Shoals."
Mr. G. DAVIS accepted Mr. Crozier's amend-
ment as a part of his own.
Mr. COtfB rose to a point of order. It was not
in order to offer an amendment of this character
to a Teiri tonal bill.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment in order.
Mr. COBB appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The question was stated on the appeal, and the
decision of the Chair sustained.
Mr. RATHBUN, in some remarks, sustained
the amendment which he had proposed, making an
appropriation for the improvement of Little Sodus
Bay, on the southern shore of Lake Ontario; and
went into a description of the harbor, expatiating
on its natural advantages, and its importance to
the commeice of that lake; the necessity of leino-
vinga small bar at its mouth, for want, of which
far more was lost in a single winter than would
be sufficient to cover the whole expense of the im-
piovemcnt in his amendment.
Mr. G. DAVIS expressed his hope that the bill
and the amendments would pass. When the war
had taken so large a portion of the resources of the
Government, he was for sharing at least in a small
part of the public money, and devoting it to pur-
poses of the internal improvement of the country.
This useless, aimless war would cost the people,
before it was ended, at least two hundred millions.
Had that amount been expended on clearing out
the channels of our great rivers, deepening our har-
bors, removing shoals and sand-bars, constructing
piers and breakwaters, cutting canals, securing the
safe and rapid transmission of the mails, and pro-
viding channels for the internal commerce of the
Union, what a mass of good it might have accom- :
phshed ! But a subservient majority in Congress ;
was for engrossing the whole resources of the !
nauon, and devoting them exclusively to the war
which the Executive had brought upon the country, j
He denounced this course as madness and folly, ■
and entered his solemn protest against such a mis-
application of the public money. He wanted that
the people should divide with this our autocrat
President. He was for throwing before him bill i
after bill for the improvement of the country, and ■
to promote its internal communications and com- !
merce; and if he chose to veto everything that '
went to advance the practical good ot the nation, i
let him. do it. But he would find that the people !
would eventually raise such a storm around his
head and those of his obsequious minions as would
speedily topple them down from the high placcs !
they now usurped, and which they abused for j
purposes of personal ambition. He was not for ;
letting our rights perish by nonuser, or fail by de-
fault; he was for putting forth the claims of the \
people to have their interests consulted, and their i
will obeyed. He would therefore lay such appro-
priations asrain and again before James K. Polk,
and see whether he would dare to cast them back
into the faces of the people's Representatives. He
trusted all the friends of internal improvement
would now agree to make a rally, and assert their
principles.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON said he should not at-
tempt to give one more answer to a speech which,
if he recollected right, the House must have heard,
now, some half dozen times. The great measures
of the session were all yet behind—the army bill,
the post ofHce bill, the revenue bill, the subtreasu-
ry bill, and many of the appropriation bills were
all yet to be finally acted on. Here was the fourth
day devoted to territorial business, and now the
friends of a particular interest were called upon to
rally and spend a vast amount of time in perfect-
ing a scheme to see what the President would do.
Gentlemen threatened that there would be a great
noise about his head. Pie believed this very gen-
tleman from Kentucky had made rather more
of such noise than anybody else during most of
the session; and really Mr. H. did not well see
how a greater tornado could be raised than was
blowing about the President's ears all the time.
He moved that the committee rise.
The motion was carried on a second count by
tellers—ayes 75, noes 54.
So the committee rose, and m the House a reso-
lution was adopted limiting the debate on this bill
to thirty minutes.
The Iiou«e having returned into committee—
Mr. STANTON gave notice that he should offer
an amendment appropriating $100,000 to the con-
struction of a road in Arkansas, from a point op-
posite Memphis to the city of Little Rock.
Mr. DOUGLASS raised a question of order, in-
sisting that amendments proposing works to be
constructed within States were not in order while
the House was engaged in a special order apply-
ing exclusively to territorial business.
Mr. STANTON said that, admitting the force
of the objection, it would not, at any rate, apply
till Mr. S.'s amendment was actually presented.
But, {is to the principle of the objection, it applied
to the very hill now before the committee, because
the money now being appropriated would be spent
within a State, viz: the State of Wisconsin; for,
before the money was applied, she would have be-
come a State.
Mr. MARTTN said she was not a State now,
and could not be before the next session of Con-
gress.
Mr. STANTON resumed, and went into a de-
scription of the road he wished completed. It had
heen commenced and carried a certain distance, and
now ended in the middle of a great swamp. He
wanted this money to carry it to its destination.
Mr. S. adverted to the speech of Mr. Davis, and
the amendments he had proposed, if Mr. S. had
been in favor of the bill before, he should now be
disposed to go against it. This he should do at any
rate; but if "it passed, he desired that his amend-
ment should form a part of if.
Mr. NEWTON expressed his hope that, if the
bill passed the House, the amendment which had
heen adverted to by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, who had just taken his seat, would be adopted.
This road was a national woik, and needed for the
defence of the frontier. The State claimed fhisap-
priation from Congress on that ground, if on no
other. lie hoped it would pass. 13ut, as he was
fully aware of the value of the time that yet re-
mained, he should not take it up by any pro-
longed remarks.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, expressed
his hope that the amendment which had heen mov-
ed by the Delegate from Wisconsin [Mr. Martin]
would prevail. And he expressed this hope in
spite of the threats which had been so repeatedly
thrown out here as to what "the West" would do
when shegotthe reins of power in her hands. Why,
there was hardly anything granted now-a-days in
the way of internal improvement that was not for
"the West.'' She received more aid in improv-
ing rivers and harbors than all the rest of the
Union. , ,
[A voice: "Weill and so she should. She's
the best part of the country.'"}
Mr. R. admitted she was a very good part of the
country, but when he heard this eternal complaint
about "the West" being neglected, and "the
West" treated as a step-child, and what " the
West" would remember, and what she would for-
get, it sounded to him very much like " the super-
fluity of naughtiness." The gentlemen who un-
dertook to speak thus for the West might do well
to remember that there were other State§.in this
Union; some that were called the Middle States,
and some, even, in the East: and though they
might not be quite so able at land seizing, (he
would not say land stealing,) and carrying off
bodily, )Tet he rather thought that if these very new
border States, who were so ravenous for more land,
should attempt, byso-called graduation, to get-pos-
session of the whole national domain, they would
find themselves out voted. Were not the interests
of the eastern States in these lands identical with
those of the western ? Why, who were they that
had settled these new States? Were not a very
large portion of them the children ofNew England,
and very many of them the sons of Connecticut?
And after they had got all that was got from the
Government, to complain as if they were injured
and wronged by the other States, it was prepos-
terous. If anything could induce Mr. R. to go
against bills such as that now before the committee,
I it was language like this. He was utterly against
j all schemes for graduating* that was, in other
! words, for carrying off all the land that had remain-
i' ed a few years in market, while so many millions
upon millions of acres were thrown in a tonce to
meet the limited demand. But there was one thing
for the good of " the West" that he was in favor
of, because he thought it would tend to establish
there a code of moials that would discourage all
such attempts—and that was, a law for the estab-
lishment of the common-school system.
Mr. R. passed an eulogium on the good effects
of common schools, and adverted to the applica-
tion of the lands owned by Connecticut in the
'lb-nits of Ohio entirely to the promotion of public
education.
He contended that the improvements proposed
in this bill and m the amendments, were due to the
Teriitory, and due to the whole country, and he
should go for them.
[A voice: "What! in the face of the veto?"]
Yes; and the, sooner on that account. No man
who had any just regard for his own independence
would abstain for a moment from doing his duty
out of dread of Executive vetoes; no, nor on ac-
count of this glorious war in which we were
engaged with the great and illustrious nation of
Mexico. It was, doubtless, a very splendid affair;
and some gentlemen thought that all the money
the country could raise ought to be expended in
" thrashing the Mexicans;" in " whipping Mexi-
co," and in causing our gallant army to " revel in
the Halls of the Montezumas," insomuch that he
verily believed that if a bill should be brought here
giving; money for the deaf, the dumb, the blind—
ay, for the insane—it would be refused, because all
our money must go for this magnificent war.
Mr. R. then branched off upon the number of
private bills which were on the calendar, and the
alleged determination of the majoiity to pass them
all by, becausc they would take money from the war.
So bent were gentlemen on this glorious war, that
they held the Government must not pay its own
debts. All our money must go to kill Mexican
women and children, till Mexico paid her debts:
so we could not pay our own, but must tax our
creditors for money to carry on the war with. No
sooner were private bills brought up than gentle-
men flocked out of the doors, and the House was
left, without a quorum to do business. Doubtless
many of the claims were the most unfounded*and
iniquitous, but many of them also were most just
and equitable. The claimants had been here ten
and twenty years, and when at last they got their
claims allowed, the Government refused to pay
them a dollar's interest, because " they ought to
have presented their claims sooner." Here Mr.
R. said that he believed he had wandered some
from the question.
He recapitulated some of his points, and con-
cluded by expressing his hope that no considera-
tions such as these would deter gentlemen from
voting for the bill.
Mr. CROZIER went into a eulogium on the
Cumberland river,as a larger river (at the junction)
than the Ohio, and quite as worthy of improvement
by the Government.
Mr. THOMASSON here proposed (as he said)
by way of compromise, his amendment for the
I construction of a railroad to Oregon. He need not
