452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
speak a word in its favor,, the amendment would
commend itself.
The question being on Mr. Davis's amendment,
Mr. BOYD asked that a separate vote be taken
on each item.
The vote was then taken on the item appropria-
ting {i two hundred and forty thousand dollars for
improving the Ohio river below the, fails, and the
Missouri and Mississippi rivers," by tellers, and
decided in the negative: Ayes 57, noes 56—no
quorum voting. A recount was about to be had;
"when
Mr. KAUFMAN asked Mr. Davis to modify
his amendment by increasing the amount from
$240,000 to $320,000, and include Red river.
Mr. DAVIS did not accept Mr. Kaufman's
amendment.
The iecount was then had, and the tellers re-
ported ayes 63, noes 64.
So the first branch of the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of Mr. Davis's amendment, and this also
was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBERTS now moved to amepd Mr.
Rathbun's amendment, in such a manner (the
reporter believes) as to grant alternate sections of
the public land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Jackson, in Mississippi, through Bran-
don, to the Alabama line. This amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. G. DAVIS modified and re-offered the
amendment which he had previously offered, and
which was rejected, bv enlarging the sum $240,000
to ^350,000, and including Red river with the Ohio
below the fails, and the Missouri and Mississippi
rivers, $100,000 for the Ohio above the falls, and
$100,000 for the Tennessee and Iiolston rivers
above the Muscle Shoals. The eunendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON" moved to amend Mr. Rath-
Bun^s amendment as follows: "And that one hun-
dred thousand acres of the public land, m the State
of Arkansas, be appropriated for the completion of
the military road from Memphis to Little Rock.5'
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend Mr. Rvrii-
Busr's amendment as follows: "And that the sum
of $250,000 be appropriated for the continuation of
the Cumberland road; 550,000 to he expended in
the State of Ohio, $100,000 m the .State of Indian,-.,
and $100,000 in the State of Illinois." The amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. NEWTON moved to amend Mr. Rath-
bu\t's amendment as follows: " For the improve-
ment of the Arkansas river £50,000, and for White
river fc30,0UO." Disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ratjibun's
amendment, and it. was disagreed to.
Mr. BOWLIN then offered an amendment,
which was rejected.
And the question was taken on agreeing to the
substitute proposed by Mr. M. L. Martin, and
the substitute was disagreed to.
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the hill be re-
ported to the House with the recommendation that
it do not pass. Agreed to.
The committee then rose, and reported accord-
ingly.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded; and the main question
was ordered, viz: Shall the bill bo engrossed and
read a thhd timer It was decided by yeas and
navs-as follows: Yeas 53, nays 102.
!3o the bill was rejected.
The hill granting the right of preemption to the
inhabitants of the town of Beetown, Wisconsin
wa.-; oideied to be. engrossed, and was engrossed'
jead the third time, und passed, and sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
The House then again resolved itself into com-
mittee on 7Vrntori.il billi, (Mr. Caleb B. Smith
in the chair.)
The committee took up the hill to provide for
continuing certain public works in the Territory of
"Wisconsin. Tins bill proposes to make the fol-
lowing appropriations:
" For the harbor of Mihvuukie, ,«."2n,000.
" For the harbor of iUeine, £15,0tJ0.
" For tl « harbor of Sontbport, $13,000."
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting the harbor bill.
Mr. McCLELLAND remained that he would
detain the committee but a moment in explaining
the merits of this bill. The committee had ma-
turely considered the whole subject; and although
they believed other works besides those embraced
by it were well worthy of the attention of the
Genera] Government, yet they concluded it was
best, under the circumstances now existing, to
confine the appropriations to old works, and more
especially those that were in constant danger of
being injured or destroyed on account of their being
in an imperfect and unfinished state. By reference
to the bill, it would be perceived that all the new
works of the vetoed bill, except for surveys, had
been omitted, and several of the inferior old works;
that the appropriations have been reduced from
nearly a million four hundred thousand dollars to
about five hundred and forty-eight thousand dol-
lars, and that the specific sums were comparative-
ly small. The only object that could be accom-
plished was the repair and preservation of the
works now m existence, and the security of the
tools and machinery employed on most of those
words. Although, as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Thomasson] remarked, the snag-boats
on the rivers may have been disposed of, yet he
was impressed with the belief that all the tools and
machinery on the lakes had not been sold. If the
system was to be abandoned, there was no neces-
sity in urging the passage of this bill. But if, as
he trusted, the constituents of a majority of the
members were determined to prosecute the system
of harbor and river improvements, then this bill
was most important, and should be passed. If the
tools and machinery were sold, as heretofore, he
ventured the assertion, they would not produce
enough to defray the expenses of sale, and yet if
the Government were desirous of re-purchasing
them, or procuiing new ones, they would cost thou-
sands of dollars. This was not the fault of the
officers in charge of the works. The reason was
obvious: they were of such a character that few
individuals had use for them; and they were gen-
erally sold at a very great sacrifice by the Govern-
ment. He regretted the necessity for abandoning
many of the works embraced by the bill of last
session; but he had concluded it was better to press
a bill which contained no provision to which ex-
ception could ho taken, than to urge the passage of
one that would not meet the approval of Congress
and the President. He would observe that this
bill had no point in it (except for surveys) that had
not been: sanctioned by General Jackson and Mr.
Van Ruren; and he. hoped his Democratic friends
would pay some little respect to their opinions.
There was a clear and ascertained majority in the
House in favor of this bill; and he would appeal
to the minority whether it was Democratic to try
to embarrass its passing, and to throw obstacles in
the way of its fair consideration. As he was not
disposed to consume the time which should be de-
voted to subjects of equal impoitance that were
awaiting their action, he would conclude by ap-
pealing to the friends of the bill, and advising them
to vote against all amendments which were de-
signed to strangle it.
Mr. DOUGLASS raised a point of order as to
the relevancy of the amendment.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment in order.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. McClri.iand by striking out all re-
lating to the Ohio, Mississippi, Missouri, and Red
rivers, and inserting:
"Foi the linpiovonvMU of the Ohio river, below the falls
at T^oni-viho. .^100,001).
Foi the improvement of the Ohio river, below the falte
at IiOu^ville. and the Mississippi. Missouri, and Arkansas
met**, f<2.>0,000.
•• For the Jn>\)!0'-oment of the Mississippi nvor aripieont
to the eitv of St Loui-, «.")0,00<).
'• Foi n-movm" the raft of Red uvoi, and for the improve-
ment of t>,ud rivci,
Mr. DOUGLASS again raised a point of order
as to the relevancy of the amendment.
The CHAIR decided the amendment in order.
Mr. DOUGLASS appealed from the decision of
tlie Chair, insisting that the amendmer. vent, vir-
tually, to substitute a general hill for territorial
bill, on a day when territorial business had been
made, by a vote of two-thirds, the exclusive order
of the day. It was a fraud on the order of the
House. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means might as well move his army bill or one
of the appropriation bills as an amendment as the
gent.em&n from Michigan this harbor bill. Mr.
D. was in favor of the improvement of rivers and
harbors, but he would not get them in by a side
blow like this, by a combination. Gentlemen did
injustice to their own measures by urging them in
this way. The country would not sustain it.
Mr. McCLELLAND disclaimed all purpose of
committing a fraud upon the order of the House.
No man was more favorable to Territorial bills than
he. He had voted for all the gentleman's bills.
But now he had moved an amendment for objects
gerninin to the bill—strictly in order, and in which
the whole Union had an interest, but of which the
people had been "defrauded" in away they would
not soon forget. In a committee on the state of
the Union an amendment for the good of the whole
Union was eminently in place. It was in conform-
ity with previous practice. The gentleman must
know that a very large majority of the House were
in favor of these woiks of improvement. Did he
desire to defeat their will? As to combinations,
if the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means was present, he would ask him what ob-
jections he could have to combinations after com-
bining the tariff with graduation in one and the
same bill?
The question on the appeal was further argued
by Messrs. VINTON, DOUGLASS, REID, TIB-
BATTS, BOWLIN, HOUSTON of Alabama,
KAUFMAN, (who moved the previous question,)
WINTHROP, and GORDON.
The question being taken, the decision of the
Chair was sustained, on the report of tellers, by
ayes 81, noes 59.
So the amendment was ruled to be in order.
Mr. McCLELLAND explained the grounds of
the amendment. It was substantially the bill
which had been reported from the Committee on
Commerce, but it had been greatly curtailed. The
committee had revised the bill, and retained only
the appropriations necessary to preserve works
already begun, and also to preserve such of the
machinery and tools as had not yet been sold.
The whole sum in this bill was but a little over
$500,000; whereas the bill as originally icported
appropriated ^1,300,000. A-N the items for new
woiks had been stricken out, save the appropria-
tion for surveys. The works retained in the bill
were only such as had been approved and com-
menced under the administrations of General Jack-
son and Mr. Van Buren.
The amendment was read.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he had reported the bill
for works of internal improvements which had been
refened to the Committee on Commerce, and he
desired the items it contained to stand on their own
merits. The committee had differed from him as
to the alterations they had made in the bill. The
amount as now proposed was, in his judgment,
wholly inadequate. He had wished that all the
works should be included which had received the
sanction of the War Department.
Mr. CROZIER now offered the amendment he
had before indicated, appropriating #100,000 to-
wards a canal around the Muscle Shoals in the
Tennessee river. He asked Mr. Tibbatts to ac-
cept of this as a modification of the amendment he
proposed to offer.
But Mr. TIBBATTS declined.
Mr. CROZIER then went into a brief speech in
support of the amendment, in which he referred to
the vote of the present Chief Magistrate, when for-
merly a member of the House of Representatives,
in favor of this very amendment, which, together
with a certain canal in Ohio, was the only work of
internal improvement for which he ever voted.
Was it likely he would veto it now?
Mr. TIBBATTS called Mr. C. to order for sur-
mising what the President would do.
Mr. CROZIER said he would by no means at-
tempt to anticipate what the President would do
in regard to this or any other bill.
If this bill was only for works which had been
already begun, then this amendment would be in-
cluded; for $800,000 had been appropriated long-
ago for this woik, and the work had been be<nm.
It was outrageous that it had been suffered to he
incomplete, and all the money in a great measure
wasted.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved an amendment ap-
propriating $20,000 for the improvement of tlie
Thames river, Connecticut. The total estimate for
the work had been but ^72,000. Of this amount
$40,000 had been appropriated and applied, and
with great success and great economy; and now
