454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•Feb. 19,
We, Mr. President, have at present only one
position in the Government, by which we may
make any resistance to this aggressive policy which
has been declared against the South, or any other
that the non-slaveholding States may choose to
take. And this equality in this body is of the most
transient character. Already Iowa is a State; but,
owing to some domestic difficulties, is not yet repre-
sented in this body. When she appears here, there
will be an addition of two Senators to the repre-
sentatives here of the non-slaveholding States. Al-
ready Wisconsin has passed the initiatory stage,
and will be here at next session. This will add
two more, making a clear majority of four in this
body on the side of the non-slaveholding States,
who will thus be enabled to sway every branch of
this Government at their will and pleasure. But,
sir, if this aggressive policy be followed—if the
determination of the non-slaveholding States is to
be adhered to hereafter, and we are to be entirely
excluded from the territories which we already
possess, or may possess—if this is to be the fixed
policy of the Government, I ask, Vhat will be our
situation hereafter?
Sir, there is ample space for twelve or fifteen of
the largest description of States in the territories
belonging to the "United States. Already a la« is
in course of passage through the other House
creating one north of Wisconsin. There is ample
room for another north of Iowa; and another north
of that; and then that large region extending on
this side of the Rocky mountains, from 49 degrees
down to the Texan line, which may be set down
fairly as an area of twelve and a half degrees of
latitude—that extended region of itself is suscepti-
ble of having six, seven, or eight large Sates. To
this, add Oregon, which extends from 49 to 43 de-
grees, which will give four more; and I make a
very moderate calculation when I say that, in ad-
dition to Iowa and Wisconsin, twelve more States
upon the territory already ours—without reference
to any acquisitions from Mexico—may be, and
will be, shortly added to these United States. How
will we then stand? There will be but fourteen on
the part of the South—\te are to be fixed, limited,
and forever—and twenty-eight on the part of the
non-slaveholding States! Twenty-eight! Double
our number! And with the same disproportion in
the other House and in the electoral college ! The
Government, sir, will be cntnely in the'"hands of
the non-slaveholding States—overwhelmingly.
Sir, if this state of things is to go on; if this de-
termination, so solemnly made, is to ho persisted
in—where shall we stand, as far as this Federal
Government of ours is concerned > We shall be
at the entire mercy of the non-slaveholding Suites. !
Can we look to their justice and regard for our in- j
terests? Now, I ask, can we rely on that? Ought I
we to trust our safety and prosperity to their
mercy and sense of justice? These are the sol- !
emn questions which I put to this and the other I
side of the Chamber. i
Sir, can we find any hope by looking to the I
past? If we are to look to that—I will not go into
the details—we will see from ihp beginning of this
Government to the present day, as far as pecu-
niary resources are concerned—as far as the dis-
bursement of revenue is involved, it will be found
that we have been a portion of the community
which has substantially supported this Govern-
ment without receiving anything like a remunera-
tion from it. But why look to the past why
should I go beyond this very measure itself? Why
go beyond this determination on the part of the
non-slaveholding States, that there shall be no fur-
ther addition to the slaveholduig States, to prove
what our condition will be?
Sir, what is the entire amount of this policy > I
will not say that it is so designed. I will not say
from w hat cause it origi nated/1 will not say whether
blind fanaticism on one side, whether a hostile
feeling to slavery entertained by many not fanati-
cal on the other, has pioduced it; or whether ithas
been the work of men, who, looking to political
power, have considered the agitation of this ques-
tion as the most effectual mode of" obtaining the
spoils of this Government. I look to the fact it-
self. It is a policy now openly avowed as one to
be persisted in. It is a scheme, Mr. President,
which aims to monopolize the powers of this Gov-
ernment and to obtain sole possession of its ter-
ritories.
Now, I ask, is there any remedy ? Does the
Constitution afford any remedy? And if not, is
there any hope? These, Mr. President, are sol-
emn questions—not only to us, but, let me say to
gentlemen from the non-slaveholding States: to
them. Sir, the day that the balance between the
two sections of the country—the slaveholding
States and the non-slaveholding States—is de-
stroyed, is a day that wilt not be far removed from
political revolution, anarchy, civil war, and wide-
spread disaster. The balance of this system is in
the slaveholding States. They are the conserva-
tive portion—always have been the conservative
portion—always will be the conservative portion;
and with a due balance on their part may, for gen-
erations to come, uphold this glorious Union of
ours. But if this scheme should be carried out—
if we are to be reduced to a handful—if we are to
become a mere ball to play the presidential game
with—to count something in the Baltimore caucus
—-if this is to be the result—wo, wo, I say, to this
Union!
Now, sir, I put again the solemn question—
does the Constitution afford any remedy ? Is there
any provision in it by which this aggressive poli-
cy—boldly avowed, as if perfectly consistent with
our institutions and the safety and prosperity of
the United States !—may be confronted ? Is this a
policy consistent with the Constitution ? No, Mr.
President, no ! It is, in all its features, daringly
opposed to the Constitution. What is it? Ours
is a Federal Constitution. The States are^its con-
stituents, and not the people. The twenty-eight
States—the twenty-nine States (including Iowa)—
stand under this Government as twenty-nine indi-
viduals, or as twenty-nine millions of individuals
would stand to a consolidated power. It did not
look to the prosperity of individuals, as such. No,
sir; it was made for higher ends; it was formed
that every Slate as a constituent member of this
great Union of ours should enjoy all its advanta-
ges, natural and acquired, with greater security,
and enjoy them more perfectly. The whole sys-
tem is based on justice and equalitv—perfect
equality between the members of this' republic.
Now can that be consistent with equality, which
will make this public domain a monopoly on one
side—which, in its consequences, would place the
| whole power m one section of the Union, to be
I wielded against the other sections of the Union?
Is that equality>
1 How, then, do we stand in reference to this ter-
! ritorialquestion—thispublicdomainofours' Why,
| sir, what i.s it? It is the common property of the
j States of this Union. They are called " the terri-
! toriesoflhe United States." And what are the
: " United States" but the States united ? Sir. these
; territories are the property of the States united;
held jointly for their common use. And is it con-
sistent with justice, is it consistent with equality,
that any portion nf the partners, outnumbering
another portion, shall oust them of this common
property of theirs—shall pass any law which shall
pioNcribe the citizens of othei" portions of the
Union from emigrating with their property lo the
Territories of the United States? Would that be
consistent, can it be consistent with the idea of a
common property, held jointly for the common
benefit of all? Would it be so considered in pri-
vate life? Would it not be considered the most
flagrant outrage in the world, one which any court
of equity would restrain by injunction—which any
court of law in the world would overrule?
Mr. President, not only is that proposition gross- I
ly inconsistent with the Constitution, but the other, j
which undei takes to say that no State shall be ad-
mitted into this Union which shall not prohibit by
its constitution the existence of slaves, is equally j
a great outrage against the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Sir, I hold it to be a fundamental prin-
ciple of our political system that the, people have a '
right to establish what government they may think j
proper for themselves; that every State about to
become a member of this Union has a right to form
its own Government as it pleases; and that, in or-
der to be admitted, there is but one qualification,
and that is, that the government shall be republi-
can. There is no express provision to that effect,
but it results from that important scction which 1
guarantees to every State in this Union a republi- j'
can form of government. Now, sir, what is pro-
posed? It is proposed, from a vague, indefinite, j
erroneous, and most dangerous conception of pri- i
vate individual liberty, to overrule this great com- !
mon liberty which the people have of framing their ij
own constitution! Sir, the right of self-government 1
on the part of individuals is not near so easily to be
established by any course of reasoning as the right
of a community or State to self-governmenl. And
yet, sir, there are men of such delicate feeling
on the subject of liberty—men who cannot possi-
bly bear what they call slavery in one section
of the country—(although not so much slavery, as
an institution indispensable for the good of both
races)—men so squeamish on this point, that they
are ready to strike down the higher right of a
community to govern themselves, in order to main-
tain the absolute right of individuals in every pos-
sible condition to govern themselves!
Mr. President, the resolutions that I intend to
offer present, in general terms, these great truths.
I propose to present them to the Senate; I propose
I to have a vote upon them; and I trust there is no
! gentleman here who will refuse it. It is manly—
! it is right that such a vote should be given. It is
due to our constituents that we should insist upon
' it; and I, as one, will insist upon it that the sense
; of this body shall be taken; the body which repre-
' sents the States in their capacity as communities,
and the members of which are to be their special
guardians. It is due to them, sir, that there should
be a fair expression of what is the sense of this
body. Upon that expression much depends. It
is the only stand which we can make under the
Constitution. It is the only position we can take,
that will uphold us with anything like independ-
ence—which will give us any chance at all to main-
tain an equality in this Union, on those great prin-
ciples to which I have referred. Overrule these
principles, and we are nothing ! Preserve them,
and we will ever be a respectable portion of the
Union.
Sir, here let me say a word as to the compromise
line. I h ave always considered it as a great error
—highly injurious to the South, because it surren-
dered, for mere temporary purposes, those high
principles of the Constitution upon which I think
we ought to stand. I am againstany compromise
line. Yet I would have been willing to acquiesce
in a continuance of the Missouri compromise, in
order to preserve, under the present trying circum-
stances, the peace of the Union. One of "the reso-
lutions in the House, to that effect, was offered at
my suggestion. I said to a friend theie, " Let us
not be disturbers of this Union. Abhoirent to my
fceling3 as is that compromise line, let it be adhered
to in good faith; and if the other portions of the
Union are willing to stand by it, let us not refuse
to stand by it. It has kept peace for some time,
and in the present circumstances, perhaps it would
be better to be continued as it is." But it was
voted down by an overwhelming majority. It was
renewed by a gentleman from a non-slaveholding
State, and again voted down by an overwhelming
majority.
I see my way in the Constitution. I cannot in
a compromise. A compromise is but an act of
Congress. It may be overruled at any time. It
gives us no security. But the Constitution is stable.
It is a rock. On it we can stand. If is a firm and
j stable ground, on which we can better siand in op-
! position to fanaticism, than on the shifting sands
of compromise.
Let us be done with compromises. Let us go
back and stand upon the Constitution !
Well, sir, what if the decision of this body shall
deny to us this high constitutional right, not the
less clear because deduced from the whole body
of the instrument and the nature of the subject to
which it relates ? What, then, is the question ? I
I will not undertake to decide. It is a question for our
; constituents—the slaveholding States. A solemn
: and a great question. If the decision should be ad-
verse,! trustand do believe that they will takeunder
solemn consideration what they ought to do. I give
no advice. It would be hazardous and dangerous
for me to do so. But I may speak as an individual
member of that section of the Union. There I drew
my first breath. There are all my hopes. There is
I my family and connexions. I am a planter—a cot-
: ton planter. Iam asouthern man and a slaveholder;
a kind and a merciful one, I trust—and none the
worse for being a slaveholder. I say, for one, I
' would rather meet any extremity upon earth than
: give up one inch of our equality-—one inch of what
belongs to us as members of this great republic. «
What, acknowledge inferiority ! The surrender
of life is nothing to sinking down into acknowl-
edged inferiority.
1 have examined this subject largely—widely. I
