1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSft
m
era! officers of the army, pretending to be unwilling to aid
the President in destioving that constitution which they had
sworn to suppoit, resigned their commissions and repaired
to Zacateeasj and there affected to join the people m sup-
porting the authority of the State. They offered their ser-
vices to command the militia in the approaching contest,
which were accepted; and this devoted band of 5,000 men
was placed under their command. Santa Ana was> now
apprized of the success of his stratagem, and advanced with
a superior force, while his progress was concealed from the
Zacatecans by the treacherous officers, until they were
surrounded and attacked; and thus more than half their
number were literally cut to pieces before they had an op-
poitunity to make the least resistance; a few rallied to arms
and made a desperate attempt to check the advance of the
invaders, but they were driven before them into the city of
Zacatecas, where the victors for several days indulged thorn-
selves in excesses too shocking for recital. Foreigners, as
well as natives, who had taken no part in public affairs, and
who were quietly pursuing their avocations without inter-
meddling in any manner with the political concerns of the
country, were butchered without ceremony, and their prop-
erty given up to the pillage of the soldiery, or confiscated to
the use oY the officers. When the tyrant had sufficiently
glutted his vengeance, the inhabitants who had escaped the
eword, submitted unconditionally to his power."
This was placed before the eyes of Texas; these
acts were before the world. But in the year 1833—
for he would recur to that period when Texas
was roused to the most vigorous measures by acts
of usurpation of the stipendiaries of the Mexican
Government, and by extortion, under pretence of
giving titles to their lands, under the conditions of
the grants and of the laws of the republic—after
their money had been extorted from them, after
commission after commission had been sent, and
all the amount had been accumulated which was
desired, their agents were putin arrest. Commis-
sion after commission was sent; the citizens of
Texas contiibuted the required amount to obtain
the titles to their lands, and as often as they sent
were disappointed. But, m 1833, when it was
known that the despot had determined to exter-
minate the inhabitants of Texas, they organized a
convention—each municipality was represented ;
they convened m October; and there they gave an
example to the world to enable it to determine if
they rebellious people. They were insult-
ed. acted. And how did they act? They
formed a provisional constitution, assuming all the
rights that a State separated from other States
could do; and in their constitution they pledged
their lives, their honor, and all that was sacred,
to rally to the support of the constitution of 1824.
They invited other States of the confederacy to
rally with them. They never assumed the atti-
tude of an independent nation, although they
would have been justified in doing so. They,
however, only adopted a provisional independence,
and pledged themselves to support the constitu-
tion of 1624. They repelled force and resisted
oppression; they did not rebel against the laws of
the republic, for they subscribed to its constitu-
tion, and administered the laws of the republic
over that territory as far as was in their power.
They had not invaded Mexico. They had not
assumed to invade her territory; but they were
deemed contumacious in not submitting1 to the de-
mands of a tyrant.
From October, 1835, to March following, they
remained with a provisional government; not en-
croaching on the rights of Mexico, but merely
organized themselves to give resistance to tyranny.
Every barrier of their liberties had been broken
down, and all their rights had been disregarded.
Their arms had been demanded when they were
surrounded by a savage foe, and when many of
them depended on their rifle for the suppoit of
their families, and for resistance to an invading
army. There was then no alternative left. They
must either yield an unconditional submission or
submit to extermination. They resolved to stand
in the defence of their rights and privileges, and,
in March, 1836, Texas declared herself sovereign
and independent of Mexico. The world saw what
was her condition. Was she acting under no ex-
citement t Had she no danger to apprehend from
the resentment of Santa Ana? Were there no
armies marching to invade her rights ? Had not
Zacatecas fallen ? And if that State could not es-
cape the malice of the monster, what had Texas
to. hope but m her own arms ? She had her inhe-
rent rights to maintain and defend. The Alamo
was besieged on the 23d of February, 1836; by a
well-appointed army of nine thousand men that
fortress was surrounded, with its little band of but
one hundred and fifty men. Texas then felt that
she was about to be swept as with the besom of
destruction; still she stood but on the defensive.
Did that look like rebellion ? They had gone there
to acquire rights, and, being there, thus defended
their rights; but Texas never rebelled. There
were no rebels there. They merely defended their
rights under the constitution; but it was a consti-
tution which was dissolved, perverted, or destroy-
ed, and Texas was resolved into her original ele-
ments like the other States; and had Mexico ever
had union since? Where is Yucatan now? Talk
of the integrity of the Mexican [republic! Why
it is a stain, a blot on constitutional liberty, to call
Mexico a republic. She presented a country dis-
tracted and severed, divided into numerous fac-
tions. Was there not here but the other day a
Minister from Yucatan to negotiate with this Gov-
ernment? Has not California declared her inde-
pendence? And had not other States done the
same ? And yet they were to regard Mexico as an
organized Government, and as a nation of intelli-
gent men who were worthy to follow the example
of this Government. He protested against such j
representations.
Under these circumstances, then, Texas was
placed. She had provocations as great as the ori-
ginal thirteen States of this republic, when they
threw off the colonial vassalage to Great Britain.
Nay, look at her provocations, and they would be
found to be a stronger cause to drive a people to
resistance. But no one would impute dishonor to
the fathers of our own Revolution—to the patriots
of '76—nor could shame and dishonor be imputed
to the people of Texas for vindicating their rights
and achieving their liberties.
Our revolutionary fathers have acquired for
themselves immortal renown—their memories will
be revered by all ages—and to the last page of
history, they will be recorded as (i the primest
men that ever lived in the tide of time." And
were the Texans wrong in imitating such illus-
trious men, in the vindication of their rights?;
He could "not for a moment agree with some lion- :
orable members of this body, that the present war \
was a war of the Executive of the United States. :
He could not agree that it was a war brought on
bjfefche President of the United State*, and only by
him. It was a war which grew out of circum-
stances, which are now known to the world. It
was known before Texas was annexed, that war
would result. That was predicted again and
again. It was declared by the Mexican Minister
to this court, that war would be the instantaneous
consequence of annexation. It was also declared
by Mr. Bocanegra, the Mexican Secretary of
State for Foreign Relations, to Mr. Thompson,
our Minister at Mexico. Annexation by him was
declared to be a sufficient cause of war, and that ,
it would follow on the heels of annexation. Well,
annexation took place, and Mexico was pledged
to declare war, though at that moment, as far as
Texas was concerned, she was in a state of war, '
and they could make nothing else of it. Mexico
then declared war prospectively against the United
States, and still the United States said they would j
annex Texas. It must then be understood, that 1
from the moment annexation took place, these two
nations were towards each other as belligerants. I
Was, then, the President justified in marching the i
troops to the frontier of Texas? I contend that '
he was. He was justified on every principle that ■
could actuate a nation, and by self-iespect, to oc- j
cupy the tenitory as far as the Rio Grande. That j
territory had been understood to belong to Texas, i
Texas had understood it to belong to her. She
assumed that her limits extended to the Rio :
Grande; and in 1836, when she defined her bound- j
aries more particularly, she claimed the Rio Grande
to be her boundary. This was before the recog- ■
nition of her independence. She was entitled to i
that boundary, and she had assumed and declared
it to be as much her territory as the land lying be-
tween the Sabine and the Nueces.
But who had now set up this assumption of
right to the country lying between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande) Was it Mexico ? Mexico
never fixed the boundaries at the Nueces. Mexico
contended for no division of the territory; with
her, it was either all Mexican or none. If Texas
did not belong to the United States to the Rio |
Grande, no territory belonged to her beyond the
Sabine. Gentlemen had said an intimation had ■
been given that if our army was not marched be- |
yond the Nueces, she would not consider it an
aggression on her rights. Why, the quarrel was
about annexation. Mexico insisted on her right i
as far as the Sabine, while Texas, by the right of
conquest and independence, claimed from the Sa-
bine to the Rio Grande. Texas preserved her in-
dependence. Texas exercised her jurisdiction; and
that jurisdiction was recognised by England; for
people of that country appealed to Texas to recog-
nise the grants made to them to the Rio Grande,
on which settlements had been made, but had
been broken up by the revolution and the disturb*
ed state of the country. They made application
through the Minister of Great Britain to (he Gov
ernment of Texas to receive them, and allow
them to resume the possession of their lands; and
this was agreed to on the part of Texas without
stipulation. This, then, would show that England
regarded Texas as entitled to that portion of coun*
try lying between the Nueces and the Rio Grande,
and England recognised the independence of
Texas as described by the Jaw of 1836. After
annexation took place, if the President had ne-
glected to comply with the obligation to send a
force for the protection of Texas—the functions of
its own government having ceased; if he had ne-
glected to give them that protection which, as an
independent people, they could have given them-
selves—he would have been recreant to his duty.
Mr. SEVIER interposed to ask the honorable
Senator from Texas, if, after the lecognition of the
independence of Texas, Geneial F. Huston did
not keep possession of the country between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande with one hundred or
two hundred men?
Mr. HOUSTON would answer the Senator from
Arkansas with great pleasure. At the time refeiTed
to, Mr. H. was not with the army. General Rusk
was in command, and he despatched General
Huston on that service. Colonel Hays, too, with
his rangers, occupied that country; and if there
were any permnnontMexican establishments there,
he was not informed of it. It was a question never
mooted in Texas, as to the Nueces being the west-
ern boundary of Texas, The country beyond,
extending to the Rio Grande, was considered a
part of the republic of Texas; a post-office was
established in that territory: land was located be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande; their laws
weie extended to that country; and if their popu-
lation did not extend all the way to the Rio Grande,
certainly the population of Mexico did not extend
to the Nueces, for there were no Mexican inhabi-
tants there. At the time of the battle of San Ja-
cinto, Santa Ana was required to fall back, beyond
the limits of Texas, to Monterey, and he acknow-
ledged the boundary to be as they proclaimed it in
1836. He made no question about it, but assumed
the Rio Grande to be the boundary, and no other
was discussed. And when Texas was invaded by
Vasquez and his marauding parties, it was under-
stood to be an invasion of Texas, when he crossed
the Rio Grande. They were stationed on the other
side of the Rio Grande, and had no military estab-
lishments in Texas. Whenever any invasion took
place by the Mexicans, they were either checked,
or repulsed, or pursued as fugitives across the Rio
Grande; and General Woll's army wouW have
been taken, if it had not been for want of harmony
amongst the Texan troops. It was attacked and
severely handled by the gallant Hays.
Did the Texan Government consider that the Rio
Grande was not their boundary ? They considered
crossing over the Nueces as no more than passing
over any other stream in their territory. Texan
rangers kept possession of that country, and tribes
of Indians were there—an agent of Texas accom-
panying them. Texas, then, held possession of that
country, while Mexico had no establishments east
of the Rio Grande. Texas had no establishments
west of the Rio Grande; but when they invaded
Mexico, they crossed the Rio Grande at Loredo.
Both nations considered the Rio Grande to be the
boundary. Whenever Mexico threatened to in-
vade Texas, terms were always employed which
showed the crossing of the Rio Grande was con-
sidered an invasion; hut Mexico could never oc-
cupy that territory with her troops. As further
proof that the Rio Grande was the boundary, ?4r.
II. referred to a proclamation issued by the Mexi-
can Government to General Woll, directing that
any individual whatever, who should be found be-
yond a league's distance from the left bank of the
Rio Bravo, should be punished as a traitor. He
leferred, also, to the occupancy of Point Isabel,
and other circumstances, to establish the same
point. He then proceeded.
