458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
Now, if the President, with a knowledge of all
these facts, had not taken the steps which he did,
he would have been justly chargeable with disre-
garding the rights of Texas. Texas, at that time,
had the right to claim all the privileges, rights, and
immunities of any other member of this Confede-
racy. She was at that time virtually a member of
this Union. Certain forms had been prescribed
for her to observe before she could be admitted, and
Texas had conducted herself in conformity thereto,
and had, therefore, the right to claim the consider-
ation of this Government; and less than was ex-
tended to her would have been injustice. If the
President had refused, Texas would have had the
right to have rescinded all action on the joint reso-
lution, and considered it a fraud upon her, and a
transaction that had not been meditated in good
faith.
But it had been alleged that our general was in- ;
formed, previous to his advance from Corpus
Chnsti to the Rio Grande, that if he would not
ci'oss the Colorado there would be no act of war.
He had then passed over three-fourths of the
Texan territory, and to have acted on such an
intimation would have left him in a position not
defensible, and where he could be surrounded and
cut off—for that Mexico meditated war there could
be no doubt. Did not Paredes write to Arista
expressing a hope that he was prepaied to place
himself at the head of his army ; and diiecting him
not to wait for the advance of the American army,
but to go and find it, and annihilate it wherever
found ? The Executive, then, had not transcended
either his power or his duty in stationing the army
at Corpus Chnsti, or marching it to the Rio Grande.
It could not be believed that the President did it to
involve the two countries in war-, but even if war
was the inevitable result of the advance of the
army, he held that the President was bound to do
it. if we wete to wait for any friendly indication
fiom Mexico towards Texas, lie was apprehensive
we should wait a long time. The President did
not by any means advance further than his obliga-
tion to Texas required, or the joint resolution
implied, which had been entered into by the pre-
ceding Administration. It was not necessary to
give the information to the Senate that the Admin-
istration of Mr. Tyler took the initiatory step to
carry out the joint resolution the evening before
his term expired, and that it was simply followed
up by the present Execuii\e of the United Slates.
Believing, ilu'ii, as he did, that it whs the duty of
the President to give the protection to 7Yxas which
she desired, he must conclude th.it the Piesident
would have been false to his tiust, and regardless
of his obligation, and disloyal to the then citizens
of the United States, if he had not done so. An-
terior to the time when annexation was before
the authorities here—when Texas was wooed and
sought to join this Union—Mr. Upshur wrote to
the charge d'affaires ot the United States in Texas,
and the strongest assurances were given of regard
and friendly feeling towards Texas, and Mr. Up-
shur menaced her with doleful consequences, and
by every possible means of peisuasion that were
decotous, to induce the Government of Texas to
accede to the proposition of the President of the
United States, by reopening negotiations. The
subject had been suspended by the Government of
Texas, or treated with apathy. She began to feel
able to resist the oppiesstons of Mexico. She
thought she had better remain a free though hum-
ble power than to come into a community of States
whcie she was not tieated with cordial feeling
and hearty sympathy. Befoie the Government of
Texas would entertain the application made by
the Government of the United Stales to send a
minister to Washington city to treat for annexa-
tion, the Executive of that counti y requii ed, through
her Secretary oi State, that the Government of the
United States should pledge itself that a squadron
sufficient in the estimation of the President of
Texas, should float on the Gulf, and that five bun-
dled cavalry and one thousand infantry should be
stationed on the frontier of Texas, and that both
the land and naval forces should be subject to the
order of the President of Texas.
But this was not deemed a sufficient guarantee
for Texas, and the President was required to pledge
himself tiiat in case of the failure of annexation
from any cause, the United States would enter into
a defensive alliance with Texas, against Mexico,
and give assurances or guarantee to the indepen-
dence of Texas.
The Minister of the United States had little hesi-'
tation in acceding to the requirement for troops
and a naval force, but in respect to the other point,
he wished the privilege of referring it to his Gov-
ernment, and proposed that the Executive of Tex-
as should be satisfied on that point by the Govern-
ment of the United States, after the Texan com-
missioner should arrive at Washington, and before
entering upon negotiations. The President of
Texas then despatched an additional Minister to
the United States, to act with the Minister previ-
ously sent, and considered that all the desired
requirements of Texas had been complied with
previous to entering into negotiations. A letter
had been written to Mr. Upshur, then Secretary
of State, of the date of 17th January, 1644, but it
remained in the State Department until after the
decease of Mr. Upshur, unanswered. It was sent
I by Mr. Van Zandt, to know what guarantees would
I be given; for Texas considered that she would be
! regardless of her own interests, if she entered into
| negotiations without such guarantees, as it would
certainly provoke hostilities with Mexico, and
expose her to all the hazards of a war.
As soon as Mr. Henderson arrived in Washing-
ton city, a letter was addressed to Messrs. Hen-
derson and Yan Zandt, the Ministers of Texas,
which he would lead:
" Washington* City, %^-pril 11, 1844.
« To Messrs. J. Van Zandt and J. P. Henderson,
" Ministers fiom the Republic of Texas.
"Gentlemen: The letter addressed by Mr. van Zandt to
the late Secietary of State, Mr. Upshur, to which you have
called my attention, dated Washington, the 17th of Janu-
ary, 1844, has been laid before the President ot the United
States.
<c In replv to it, I am directed by the President to say, that
the Secretary ot the Navy has been instructed to order a
stiong naval force to coneentiate in the Gult of Mexico, to
meet any emergency; and that snnilai orders have been is-
sued bv the Secretary of War to move the disposable mili-
tary forces on our southwestern frontier for the Same pur-
pose. Should the exigency arise to which you refer in your
note to Mi. Upshui, I am further duectod by the President
to s-ay, that during the pendency of the tieaty of annexation,
he would deem it his duty to n-e all the means within his
power by the Constitution to protect Tc\ai> from all foreign
invasion.. I have the honor to be, fitc.,
« J. C. CALHOUN
" To meet any emergency." That emergency
was an invasion by Mexico.
This was written and signed by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] then
in the State Department; but it appeared that it
was not entirely satisfactory to those gentlemen.
They were desirous that nothing should be left to
construction, to explanation, to inference, for the
situation of Texas was one of peculiar delicacy.
If the negotiation should be broken off between the
United States and Texas, inevitably France and
England would regard Texas as compromised to
the United States; and it would take much time
and care and assiduity to reassure them that Texas
would never be treated so scurvily again,
i! It appeared that subsequently instructions were
|i given to the army and navy; and the officer in com-
mand of the land" forces, and Captain Connor, who
.] was in command of the navy, did put themselves
in correspondence with the Executive of Texas,
and maintained it sedulously. They were to be
i| subject to the President of Texas, and act at his
(I bidding. If an assurance to that effect had not
i; been given to the President of Texas, he never
would have sent a minister here, authorized to tieat
' between the two countries on that subject; for it
II was jeoparding the nationality of Texas. The
I order was therefore given on the arrival of the
Texan minister here, and before opening negotia-
tions for the treaty; and it did not say that the
i power was to be limited which the. President of
; Texas was to exercise, so far as the army and the
;j navy were concerned; for they were both to be sub-
!' jeet to his command: consequently they were both
i "to be employed for the protection of Texas, which
i! was then a foreign country. Texas had then no
!l connexion with the United States; and if Texas,
then a foreign country, was entitled to this assist-
i; ance, without any previous stipulation, surely the
President of the United States was justified m em-
II ploying the army and the navy for that purpose,
after she had been nicoipoiatcd into this union by
; legislative action. The President, then, stood com-
!j pletely vindicated on this ground, and was not
liable to the slightest charge of exceeding his power
;[ and his duty.
;i But still apprehending that the Government of
jj Texas would not be satisfied, further and more ex-
ij plicit assurances were given by Mr. Calhoun to
Messrs. Henderson and Yan Zandt, to which he
would call the attention of the Senate:
Verbal assurances to Messrs. Van Zandt and Henderson by
Mr. Odlhoun} vrritten doion in his presence and read over to
hint,
" A powerful naval force, to consist of ten or twelve ves-
sels, will be ordered to the Gulf of Mexico, the commander
of which, Captain Connor, will, upon any serious demon-
stration being madt by wafer by Mexico against Texas, in-
form the Mexican commander, that any attack upon Texas
will be considered as a hostile act, and the Executive will
feel himself bound to use every means to repel it.
"That the old division, a-3 established by Mr. Calhoun as
Secretary of War, extending fiom Flonda Point to the south-
ern extremity of Lake Michigan, has been restored, and
General Gaines been put in command, acid ordeied to take
up his quarters at Fort Je-up, who will r^cty ve similar orders,
as to any demonstration by land, to those given to the naval
! commander as to a demonstration by sea; and that he and
i the chargd d'affaires wi!J keep up an active eonespondence
1 with the"Prcsident of Texas, and if they should receive any
communication fiom him which he conceives threatens any
serious intention upon the part of Mexico to invade Texas
by land, thoy or either of them shall forthwith despatch the
same to Washington city by expiess. That the President
will, m that event, send a message to Congies*, intoiming
them of the fact, and request Congress to adopt, as speedily
as possible, such measures as may be necessary for the de-
fence of Texas ; and if the emergency should requ re it, to say
in his message, that he would, in the meantime, consider it his
duty to defend Texas against aggression, and will accordingly
do so."
After the treaty was" rejected, assurances were
given to Texas that no material change should be
made in the orders to the commanders of sea and
land forces, except that they should no longer corre-
spond with the President of Texas, except through
the United States charge d'affaires.
In accordance with these assurances, Texas had
received that protection which good faith r quired,
and without which negotiations would not have been
opened. He was not going to discuss the consti-
tutionality of these measures; but he would say
that the President was pledged to use all the power
which the Constitution placed in his hands to de-
fend Texas to her boundary line. If it should be
pretended that he only Intended a constitutional
exercise of these powers, and that his^^cretion
was to be governed by that, to delude 'jRtas into
the belief that assurances were given which were
not intended to be performed, it would reflect dis-
credit on the President of the United States. Mr.
H. did not believe that the assurances which were
given were more than the President had power to
give; nor did he mean to reflect on any officer of
that Administration, because it was a fair and
honest transaction between the two countries. The
assurances were renewed, and he was sorry that
they were not always carried out; for after the
treaty was rejected, and Texas was in the worst
possible dilemma in which she could be placed—
degraded by the rejection of the treaty, dishonored
in~the eyes of other nations, repudiated after ar-
dent expressions of the confidence and regard she
reposed in the United States, suspected by Eng-
land and France of insincerity and of versatility of
character—she was thrown on her own rcsouices
again; and the United States then, for the first
; time, intimated that they had done all that could
j be done, or done what they intended to do.
! Now, this was not considered a very comforta-
j ble assurance to Texas. It was a withdrawal of
! a portion of the assurances which had been given
i to her previous to entering into the negotiations
| for annexation, after the treaty had failed,
j When Mr. Murphy, the charge d'affaires in
j Texas, sent a copy of his letter to Washington,
I Mr. Nelson said he had rather transcended his
I power; that the President had only certain consti-
| tutional powers which he could exercise, and they
. had been transcended; and Texas was left in a po-
sition which, if she had been of a fickle character
i and unstable in her policy, would have driven her
i into the arms of France and England, which had
i been so much carped about.
j While he was on this branch of the subject, he
1 would here, in his place, state some matters m re-
lation to things which had been much discussed at
larere. Texas, to be sure, had great domestic mis-
: fortunes, but she was never recreant to the princi-
ples of liberty; and if she had stood alone from,
! and been disregarded and denounced by all the
nations of the earth, she never would have swerved
: from the principles of constitutional liberty. She
' never could have been driven from the principles
; ingrafted in the very nature of her constituency.
; She never thought o'f forming an alliance which
! could have dishonored her escutcheon. She never
' thought of owing allegiance to any country but
