1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
one with which she could be incorporated on prin-
ciples of equality. Texasneverthought of making
any proposition affecting any of the institutions
she had taken to that country, or to impair her
self respect, or the respect of other nations. Eng-
land never proposed the subject of slavery or of
abolition to Texas. England never made a sug-
gestion to Texas which, if she had pursued or
accepted, would have degraded her in the eyes of
the purest patriot that ever lived. Nothing was
ever proposed or done but what ought to take
place between nations, although the journals of the
United States, on various occasions, had thought
fit to assail, not only the authorities of Texas, but
the British and other foreign Ministers, and to de-
nounce them as foreign emissaries, and the Presi-
dent of the Republic of Texas as a traitor to the
principles of liberty, for which he ought to be
hurled from his high estate. He was perfectly
aware that all this would cause some excitement,
which might lead to annexation; but Texas was
not in a very comfortable position; and therefore
he was willing that the United States should be
induced to act by public opinion.
So far, then, as that was concerned, he did not
regret the abuse which was heaped on Texas by
the people of the United States, and by some
statesmen too. But England was represented by a
gentleman (Captain Elliot) whose intelligence
would compare with that of any representative
from any country, if Mr. H. was able to judge.
He was a mail who sympathized with Texas, and
he proposed nothing but what was for the interest
of Texas. He was representing faithfully his own
Government, and he regretted that the blind zeal
of Mexico could have withstood the strong remon-
strance which had been made to her, to recognise
the independence of Texas. He required nothing
but commercial relations between England and
Texas, and an interchange of her fabrics for the
products of the South. The character of that gen-
tleman was preeminently praiseworthy and patri-
otic, and it would be seen that Texas appreciates
him when she writes her annals. And as a states-
man and diplomatist, he was entitled to all the
respect and gratitude of Texas.
And now as to the expediency of prosecuting
this war, tfr what course is it the most expedient
for the Government of the United State to pursue2
This is a question which involves not only the
prosperity, but the honor and glory, of this na-
tion. Propositions have been made to withdraw
our troops to a certain line. This would be a line
of little less than two thousand miles for this coun-
try to protect, which would be worse than the in-
vasion of Mexico. Why, they would have liter-
ally to make the Rio Grande a fortification, requi-
ring, from thence to the Pacific, ten thousand men.
It would require a corps of cavalry—nay, a bat-
talion—to guard the caravan of supplies of the
army stationed so far from its resources. The
supplies would have to be sent by wagons, or on
mules, and unless the supplies were protected, the
-army maintaining the line would be liable to be
starved out at any time, and millions on millions
would not be sufficient to pay for the transporta- .
tion alone. But besides the danger of the supplies !
being taken by hostile parties, the enemy could pass ]
between our stations into the interior at any time, ;
unless we had a large force of cavalry to pursue '
them. And when we had congregated a sufficient ■
force to repel an invading army, the enemy could ;
pass at other points into the interior, or take gar- I
risons which had been weakened by the concentra-
tion of the army. Such a war he was satisfied
would be interminable. Why, how long was the
war continued when there was the ocean between
Mexico and Spain ? He believed it was nineteen '
years after the revolution before Spain recognised |
Mexican independence. Nor would Mexico ever j
come to terms unless we make her feel our power. '
If it were even possible to supply the line, as pro- J
jectcd, there would be a continual border war. No j
soldier would ever be able to go out of the garn- i
son, unless with a large body of troops. They j
would not trust themselves in small parties, lest i
they should be cut off by rancheros, who exercise i
great vigilance and address. They are sagacious, i
watchful, hardy, and enterprising. Rancheros on !
the frontier correspond to the pioneers of North j
America. They are good marksmen, so that they i
could organize a very efficient force. But besides, i
this line would be exposed to various Indian tribes j
—to the Cumanches, and others who occupy that !
vast waste between the Del Norte and the Pacific.
So thatweshould have not a Mexican army alone,
but an Indian enemy, to combat.
He could not vote for a measure, therefore,
which embodied such a provision. If Mexico is
to be conquered and brought to terms—he would
not say "conquer a peace," but "a war"—it
must be by subduing her—by letting her feel our
super^prity. Mexico has not yet felt the calamities
of war. She feels that we have penetrated into
her country, but such is the humanity which al-
ways will characterize our arms, that it is a less
affliction than she apprehended. Her people are
becoming wealthy by the munificent means which
we dispense in the purchase of supplies, and hence
the inducement is to wish the continuance of the |
war, rather than its termination. Should we, then, ]
forbear, in regard to the condition of a sister repub- j
lie ? Should we not raise our hand against Mexico j
because it is a republic? Why, what kind of re- I
publican institutions were those of Mexico? Whilst ;
feeble Texas had maintained a Government for ten |
years without a single convulsion, how many had j
Mexico endured ? In the last twelve months, Mex- j
ico had had thiec revolutions, he believed. j
Mr. BENTON. She has had seventeen in !
twenty-five years. j
Mr. HOUSTON. And yet we are to regard her :
as an organized Government, entitled to our sym-
pathies, and we are to withhold the infliction of |
necessary and well-deserved chastisement! He
could not so regard her. If Mexico had an estab-
lished government—if her usurpations were not
now almost daily, and her acts of despotism glaring
and flagitious, he might feel for her some sympa-
thy. But when he saw her citizens deprived of
their liberties—when he saw her people in a more
abject condition than southern slaves on planta-
tions—he could not feel for her any sympathy.
He should rather endeavor to relieve that people |
from such a thraldom, and give them liberty while
he chastised their despots.
An honorable Senator had alluded to their par-
tiality for the soil, and the respect they felt for the ,
place where the bones of then ancestors were laid. |
He had spoken of their patriotic throes. He spoke
of their remembrance of their Bunker Hills, their
Lexingtons, and their Yorktowns. But was it not
sacrilege to the memory of our ancestors thus to
associate them with Mexicans? He desired to be
pointed to one field in Mexico which would entitle
her to association with the name of Bunker Hill,
or Lexington, or Yorktown, or any other achieve- j
ment of ours. Did perfidy give triumph to our j
revolutionary fathers? Did cruelty characterize i
their achievements? Where could a parallel be 1
found in Mexico to Bunker Hill? Would they j
find it in the consecrated soil of Texas? He could i
not believe that our Revolution had been effected '
by acts which outrage humanity, or that our fa- \
thers had relied on duplicity, ambuscadcs, and :
faithlessness, which characterized the Mexicans.
Would they go to the fields of Texas to see how
Mexican warfare was characterized? What said
Goliad? Did that afford a parallel to Lexington?
And the Alamo—what said the history ot that !
memorable event? j
But, to return from this digression, he could not ,
believe that peace could ever be brought about !
with Mexico until she had felt the calamities of '
war. We must march, not merely to her borders J
to annoy her there—for we should only add to the j
miseries of her inhabitants and the extortion of 1
her rulers, by affoidmg them a pretence for extor-
tion under the plea of necessity to defend the !
country—we must strike home. Let them know j
that we are not warring against the rights of their j
citizens—against the oppressed people of Mexico, j
nor their priesthood, nor their religion. Show J
them that you will respect their temples, treat ,
their images with deference, and, however much j
you may differ from their religious opinions, teach \
them that they will be entitled to freedom of j
thought, and the most perfect liberty. Show them
that you only intend to chastise their tyrants and
oppressors. Go to their capital, and he would not ]
doubt of success in this war. If everything has :
not already been achieved, it is no reason why we |
should despair of the most peifect success. We j
can conquei Mexico. ,
Our squadron is sufficient to blockade the ports !|
of Mexico, and to exclude her from the benefits j
of commerce, or to make her subsidiary to the !
revenue of the United States. Penetrate into the!
interior with your arms. March on! And if you
inflict a shock on the mind of Mexico, follow it
up with rapidity, and you will be able to dictate
peace in the halls of Montezuma, or wherever else
you please, even on the sacrificial stone in her
capital.
He had been sorry to hear subjects and senti-
ments brought into this' discussion which would
be calculated to animate Mexico. They had here
had descriptions of the climate which would dis-
hearten our men, and discourage inlistments.
They had had vague fears expressed that our na-
tional resources would not sustain the war. And
these were given as reasons why this nation should
be degraded by falling back upon a line of terri-
tory less than that which she has claimed as her
own. Now, if they did not press on, they would
afford encouragement to Mexico, and dishearten
our own troops. He would not encourage the
enemy by depreciating our own means, or by un-
due sympathy in the calamities of war. He would
entertain no sympathy with a nation which had no
self-respect.
Whatever is said here on behalf of Mexico or
to the disparagement of the United States or her
capabilities, will have a deleterious influence on
the operations of war. If we encourage Mexico
by disheartening our own people—if we revive
their drooping spirits, nerve their arm, and ani-
mate their hopes, we shall find that the war will
continue interminably: but if we have united ac-
tion and councils in this nation, we shall not only
produce efficiency in our troops, and jind that we
have ample resources, but producc a moral effect
on Mexico. Distraction here is encouragement to
Mexico. Dissensions here are aids to Mexico.
No matter what the motive may be, such will be
the effects; and it is efforts that we should regard.
Mexico is not insensible to the opinions of this
body. For the purpose of showing the influence
the debates here have upon them—not only upon
the political men of that country, but upon the
community at large—he would read an extract
from a letter written at the National Palace of
Mexico in the month of September, 1843, by Mr.
Bocanegra to Mr. Thompson, then our Minister
resident there. He says:
"The undersigned hopes, with good reason, ftom the
principles ofju-tiec which ought to preside over the delih-
eiauons of the Congies* of tile United Statev, that it will
never listen to suggestions, nor to pnvate interest-., detri-
ment.il to the Jaw of nations and nuei national law ; but as
it may happen that ambition and delusion may prevail over
public propriety, that peisonai views may triumph over sane
and just ideas, and that the vigorous reasoning of Mr. John
Qumcy Adams and ins co-laborers may be ineffectual, how
can it be considered stianjre and out of the way that Mexi-
co, under such a supposition, should announce that she will
regard the annexation of Texas as an act of dechuation of
war ? 
He had read this for the purpose of showing,
that whatever advocacy Mexico may receive oil
this floor, or in our councils, either National or
State, it would have no beneficial result on this
country.
When the declaration of war was made by Con-
gress, it was almostas theaction of one man. He
had hoped to see the unanimity preserved which
was manifested on that occasion. That unanimity
delighted his heart. He felt that we were then
united to redress the wrongs of the United States,
and to chastise Mexico into a determination to re-
compense us for the wrongs done to us, by hold-
ing her territory until she, shall reimburse us that
which is due, and the expenses of the war.
And as to the subject of slavery, which had been
brought into this discussion, for one, he had to
say, that he anticipated nothing but evil from
this premature discussion of that subject. It was
not a question which necessarily grew out of the
war, or the general policy of the war. He re-
garded it as a calamity under which the nation
labored; but it was not brought on by ourselves,
but by our ancestors.
He admitted that it was a question which must
be some day met, but he trusted the intelligence of
this nation would control all the evils connected
with it, and not justify the anticipation of disunion
amongst us. Disunion here ? He could not bear
the word. Let not the name of Texas, his home,
the last to be incorporated into this Union, ever
be blasphemed by the word ''disunion.'5 Let not
the Union be severed. The boon we possess is
too rich, too mighty, and too grand—the sum of
human happiness we enjoy is too great, the amount
of liberty is too precious ! This question was not
