460
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
raised for our good. Why, was not the North de-
pendent on the South? And was not the South
dependent on the North ? Would it not be to each
a suicidal act? and to both destruction ? Disunion!
It was a monster; and if he could, he would seize
upon its mane, dtag it forth, and inspect its scales,
and if it had a penetrable spot, he would strike it
to the vitals.
He relied on the intelligence of the country to
avoid that agitating question. He would postpone
it. It was an evil which ought not to be invited;
but when it shall come, let it be managed with the
judgment of reasonable men, and not by passion-
ate excitement.
He had been very sorry to hear the war denounced
as an unjust war, and as a small war. He was
not going now to debate that subject. lie was,
howevei, pei fectly satisfied that the President could
not have pursued a course different from the one
which he did pursue He should give the Presi-
dent all the support which he deserved as the Chief
Magistrate of this nation. He is our ruler under
the Constitution, and we enjoy the blessings of that
instrument under God. The President has been
placed at the head of this Government by the voice
of a free people, and he should therefore give the
President' that aid which the necessities of the
country require, reserving to himself at all times
to question the propriety of his proceedings. It
was a duty which they owed to the country to co-
operate with and sustain the Executive in the pres-
ent crisis. So far as he had power to do it, as a
representative of the American people, he would
do u for the honor of the country. He would do
it to enable the President to secure the success of
our arms. He would do it for the purpose of hum-
bling Mexico, and producing a peace as immediate
as possible. He regarded the President of the
United States as situated like Moses in the olden
time. It \vy.!j necessary that Isiael, that chosen and
favored people, should go to war with the Amale-
kites—for territory he granted it was. Moses di-
rected Joshua to select chosen young men to go
out and fight against the Amalekites, and Moses
stood on the top of a mountain to witness the bat-
tle, with Aaron and Hur. And it came to pass
that Moses held up his hand that Israel prevailed,
and when he let down his hand Amalek prevailed.
But Moses' hands became heavy, and they took a
stone and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and
Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on
the one Mde and the other on the other side, and
his. hamta were steady to the £>oing down of the
Run. And Joshua discomfited Ainelek and his poo-
pie with the rd e of the sword. So should we
uphold the hands of our President, and smite
Mexico with the ed&e of the sword.
Mr. CALHOUN" said, the Senator from Texas :
had endeavored to make certain words which he
had used in a communication to the Texas Com- j
rnissioners eovcr more ground than he had intend- j
ed. For himself he had no such intention as the J
Senator's intci pretation would imply. The Com- |
rnissioners from Texas naturally required protec- i
tion, having just ground to apprehend that Mexico 1
might take advantage of the circumstances and i
position intvhich she would be placed, but they j
asked for more than this Government could com- j
ply with. All that the Administration could then •
do, was to place a fleet on the Gulf, and to send
General Gaines on the frontier; and if Mexico 1
should make any hostile movement, to bring the j
subject before Congress. The Administration was j
aware that the question of war was with Congress !
and not with itself. The Administration was le- !
solved to do all that it could constitutionally do;
but on the question of war it could only make a '
recommendation to Congress, and that it would i
have done. i
The Senator from Texas said that those move- ;
ments did more to endanger the peace of the coun- ;
try than the marching of General Taylor from '
Corpus Chiisti to the Rio Grande. But that move- j
ment at last produced no war. The truth was, |
that although there was a possibility that Mexico i
might interfere when the negotiations were known;
although she might have a strong desire to do so,
yet her condition at that time was such that she
had little capacity to nuke any war, and his im-
pression was, that if we had stood on the defen-
sive—if we had maintained Texas as we found
Texas, there would have been no danger of war.
That was his impression. And on that impression
he had all along acted. He would not go into this
subject; out the Senator had said that the line he
proposed was an extensive one, and that it would
take ten thousand men for its maintenance. But
he supposed there was a part of that line which
would require no considerable defence.
A brief conversation ensued between the Sena-
tors from South Carolina and Texas, respecting
that line, and the possibility of protecting it with-
out a large force. «
Mr. HOUSTON" then returned to the letter of
the Senator from South Carolina, when Secretary
of State, to the Texan Commissioners, to show
that his interpretation was sustained by its phrase-
ology. He said he could not suppose that the
Texan Commissioners would have entered into ne-
gotiations without the fullest assurance of protec-
tion for Texas in all emergencies.
Mr. CALHOUN explained, that his meaning
was in case of an emergency—the invasion of
Texas by Mexico—that the subject would be sub-
mitted to Congress. He again insisted that the
line which he had designated could be maintained
with a small force. Part of it was occupied by
Indians, and other part to the Pacific was covered
by water, and therefore would require but a small
naval force. To this (he said) this Government
would have to come, unless some extraordinary
circumstance should occur. He called upon the
advocates of the opposite policy to consider it.
Their view of dictating a peace was an event which
no man could yet see; and it might be so far post-
poned that the nation would get tired of the war
and abandon it, or take this defensive line. lie
believed it would be found the best for the whole
country.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to know whether, if
Congress had adjourned without acting upon such
a message as the Senator from South Carolina had
intimated the President would have sent in, in the
emergency contemplated, the President would have
rendered the promised aid to Texas ?
Mr. CALHOUN said that was provided for.
Congress was to be called together with ail possi-
ble despatch.
Mr. CASS said, in the course of the discussion
the other day, a question arose about certain inter-
views which General Arista had been said to have
had with General Taylor, and ccrtam propositions
he had been reported to have made to the Ameri-
can general. These statements were quoted from
a letter published in the Charleston Jtfercury, on
which he proposed to say a few words to remove
all misconception:
<vOn the of fc*ept"mbiM, 18'io. Mr. M.uks wrote to
General Tavlor, detailing to bun conveis.itions wliirli lie
aliened tie had had with Au^taon two point*—lirst, to make
the Colorado the bound.irj between linn and Ta\lor, and,
ti!-\t, as to the disposition of the Mexican Government to
make a satistactoiv ariangomeut with the United States.
Ti)en on the 29th nf October, the Seerctaiy of i^tatc received
the following letiei fiom Mi Mailer, dated at New Oilcans:
<• < New Orleans, October :29, 1845.
i( 'Sir: I have the honor to tiaa>mit heiewith, <Copv5 of
'a lettorladdie-sPdto Gotieial Z. Taylor, ,it Corpus Christi,
'tiom the village of Cbiin, (Mexico ) I de-patched if by
' special cout iei to him, but was subsequently informed that
k the expie?.s was detaried at the town ol Camasgo, (on the
' Ilio Grande,) up to the 7th nifiant, by icason of the continual
< <uul he;ivy nuns. 1 beg lea\e to add, that X auivcd in this
'city ve^teiciay from M.itamoiof, and will leave to monovv
'for Washington. I am, with gieat respect, &c..
« < I- I). MARKS.
" 'To the Hon. James Buchanan,
" 4 Sect etiiry of State.*
" But it was important to notice that the following signifi-
cant p'uagiaph in the tetter to Mr. Buchanan was, not pub-
lished
" £ Independently ot my peisonalsei vices, I have tavelled
at my own expense, disbuising upwards of two thousand
dolt.n-*.'
•'< On the 6th of November, Mr. MarhsV letter ai rived at
the department m thi- city. II.-* had no authonry whatever
for Ins proceeding, winch were entirely voluntaiy. On
the veiy same day which Mr Marks's letter wa* received,
the letter ot Mr. Black, our consul at Mexico, m answer to
a pieviou* communication of the Government wa-s leceived,
stating that the Mexican Govei nment would riot enter into
any ariangyment. Mr. Maiks arrived in Washington on the
10th ot the month, on the very day on which Mr. ShdelTs
tinal instructions were made out. Mr. Marks* icquosted
r-nplo\ inert as a seciet a«cntto go to Arista; but he brought
no letter from Geneial Taylor, nor presented any trace of
authonty from Arista or anybody. He wa-s told thjt the
Government could not employ bun—that the whole matter
was committed to Mr. Shdeli, and that General Taj lor had
no intention.-, in the then existing circumstances, to lemove
from Coipus Christi. Mi. t^hd-ll's despatch of the 17th De-
cember, and Mr Black's letter of the 18th. were received
heie on the 13th of Januaiy, announcing distinctly that Mr.
Slidc-il would not be received, and that the Mexican Gov-
ernment considered annexation as an act of war N.-xtday
(the 14th) General Taylor was oideied to advance fiora Cor-
pus Christi."
Mr. CALHOUN said the tact was clear, that
Generals Taylor and Arista acted on that infor-
mation. Arid from September to May, General
Arista acted only on the defensive; thus the facts
corroborated the statement of Mr. Marks, who
was a highly respectable citizen.
Mr. CASS could not suppose that a general on
the frontier would act on such an unofficial com-
munication. And with respect? to Arista, he had
only to say that as soon as the Mexicans got ready
they made the attack.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he desired to ask one
question of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass.] He did not hear that Senator dis-
tinctly, and did not understand whether he said
that General Arista had not made any communica-
tion to General Taylor before the latter left Corpus
Christi, or whether it was merely that the letter of
Mr. Marks did not show that General Arista had
communicated with General Taylor.
Mr. CASS observed, in reply, that what he said
was confined to the letter.
Mr. WESTCOTT observed that he was satis-
fied from information he received before he cai;ne
here in the fall of 1845, and since, that General
Arista accepted the command of the army in the
northern provinces of Mexico with the view of
effecting a revolution in those provinces, and sepa-
rating them as an independent republic, from the
Central Government of Mexico, and ridding; them
of the tyranny of that Government. General
Arista had lived long in the United States, spoke
our language, and was a republican in principle,
and at that time feared the success of the efforts
then making to place a European prince on a throne
in Mexico. Mr. W. said he was informed from
quarters he placed full credit on, (he would say,
moreover, that his information was not derived
from any connected with departments in this city,)
that while General Taylor was at Corpus Christi,
General Arista sent Mexican officers to his camp,
one of them his near connexion, and indicated to
him his intentions and purposes, and that so far
from his movement to the Rio Grande being ob-
jected to, it was indicated, it was wished; and
m such superior force as to give to General Arista
an excuse to his Generals Ampudia, Mejia, Vega,
and others, (inimical to him, and who would be
opposed to his views, if known,) for not crossing
the river and attacking the United States forces.
Whether General Taylor placed reliance on this
information, or regarded itas mere Mexican hum-
bug, or whether he communicated it to the Gov-
ernment, Mr. W. did not know. But (said Mr.
W.) I do know that officers of the army did com-
municate to the War Department the substance of
a portion of this information. He knew this from
persons of high character with the army at this
time. If General Gaines's troops had been sent
to Mexico and marched with General Taylor's
troops to the Rio Grande, it is probable no battle
would have taken place. The truth should be
brought out. If the facts were, as he believed,
they afford another justification to the Adminis-
tration, and perhaps for General Taylor, for march-
ing to the Rio Grande.
Mr. SEVIER said the Senator referred to facts
which would be found fully developed in the cor-
respondence of General Taylor, from which it
would be seen that there was not a word of truth
in the rumors to which the Senator had referred—
if General Taylor had told the truth.
He went into an examination of the documents,
! to show, that from the position of the parties,
; through several months, this could not be the
, truth; and he said he did not find in the printed
I correspondence, that, from the time General Tay-
j lor left New Orleans, in July, for Corpus Christi,
! and afterwards to the Rio Grande, General Arista
; had ever been seen. Arista was superseded by
! Ampudia a few days before the battle.
J Mr. WESTCOTT said he did not find the infor-
mation he had received in any of the documents
published. Indeed, the printed volume of last ses-
sion, containing the documents refeired to by the
Senator from Arkansas, had not as yet been re-
ceived by him; but according to his recollection of
the documents, from his hasty glance at them when
they were communicated, statements made in the
correspondence corroborated the statements of Mr.
Marks, which the Senator thought there was no
truth in. Mr. W. believed that General Arista
had communicated to General Taylor his views
and intentions, and that he desired'a strong force
of the United States on the Rio Grande to give
