1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
m
countenance to his purposed insurrectionary move-
ment; and this was the reason, as he believed, Tay-
lor's inferior and exposed force was not attacked
at Corpus Chnsti, and that Point Isabel was not
taken. „
He hoped a call would be made on the War De-
partment for all the couespondence with any offi-
cers of the army or other persons on this subject,
and he believed it would tend to justify the course
, of the Administration on this subject.
Mr. SEVIER. Tt is all in the documents.
Mr. WESTCOTT had examined the documents,
and he did not find it. If the objects and purposes
of going to the Rio Grande were as he had stated
them, he did not find it in the documents.
After some other explanations, the conversation
dropped.
The Senate then went into executive session,
and, after some time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 19, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday having been read in
part, Us further reading was, on motion of Mr.
DANIEL, dispensed with.
The SPEAKER announced the buisness first in
order to be the resolution pending at the adjournment
yesterday, providing that all debate in committee
on the bill to provide for continuing certain public
works in the Territory of Wisconsin should cease
in half an hour after it should again have been
taken up.
Mr. BRODHEAD demanded the previous ques-
tion; which motion does not seem to have been en-
tertained.
Mr. DANIEL asked if it would be in order to
move to postpone the resolution ?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair thought not.
The resolution was one of that kind which could
not give rise to debate, and necessarily required
the action of the House.
Mr. BOYD moved that the resolution be laid on
the table.
Mr." McOLELLAND asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. BOYD withdrew his motion.
The SPEAKER then said that the question
would be on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, were yeas
91, nays 41.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the private
calendar.
Mr. McKAY gave notice, that if that motion
should be rejected, he would move that the House
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the army appropriation bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH gave a similar notice in
relation to the river and harbor bill
Mr. HENLEY gave a similar notice in relation
to the Patent Office bill.
Mr, DANIEL obtained leave, in support of his
motion, to say that he had pressed the private cal-
endar very little during the present session on the
consideration of the House. There were several
meritorious claims upon it; and it seemed to him
that there would be ample time for the transaction
of other business, even if the House should consent
to give this day and to-morrow to the consideration
of private bills. He urgently entreated the House,
therefore, to sustain his motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND requested Mr. Daxiel to
waive his motion,'so as to enable him (Mr. McC.)
to present a memorial.
Mr. DANIEL intimated his willingness to do
so on pledge of its renewal.
Mr. McCLERNAND then rose and said: Mr.
Speaker, I rise for the purpose of presenting the
memorial of the Jackson Monumental Committee
of this city, praying Congress to place at the dis-
posal of that committee four brass cannon and two
brass mortars, weighing in all 4,930 pounds, to be
used as material in constructing a monument to
General Andrew Jackson, and to ask for the me-
morial the favorable consideration of this honorable
body. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon
the members of this committee for their zeal and
public spirit in so noble an enterprise, or upon the
country for the promptness and liberality with
which they have responded to it. To this extent
they have disproved the charge, if it be not alto-
gether untrue, that republics are ungrateful.
The committee represent that they are now as-
sured ample means may be obtained by voluntary
contributions to insure the early completion of the
monument. They state that the column of Napo-
leon, formed after the model of that of the Emperor
Trajan, is made of the cannon taken by Napoleon
at the battle of Austerlitz—that the equestrian sta-
tue to Wellington, now in the course of comple-
tion, is to be made of the brass pieces captured by
that general at Waterloo; and it satisfactorily ap-
pears that the pieces asked for are the same which
were captured by General Jackson in a gallant and
brilliant affair at Pensacola in 1814, and that they
are now " unserviceable." From these considera-
tions, the committee appeal to Congress to devote
these pieces to the purpose of perpetuating the form
of the illustrious chief whose skill and valor gave
them to his country.
This disposition of these trophies is peculiarly
appropriate. Not that u sculptured stone'' or
u ever during brass1' can add to the imperishable I
renown of Andrew Jackson; but because it is just |
that a statue raised by a grateful people to the i
memory of a departed hero should embody in its :
form a part, at least, of the tokens of his victories, j
It is not only sanctioned by custom, but is erni- '
nently proper as a means of perpetuating the in-
fluence of the virtuous and patriotic examples of
" the illustrious dead."
This is not the proper occasion to pronounce a
formal eulogy upon the man whose last aspirations
were for the welfare, the glory, and happiness of
his country. But I may be allowed to say that An-
drew Jackson was no man of a common order.
Left fatherless and friendless in his youth, he
wrote the word " excelsior" upon his crest, and
pushed his way upward and onward to power and
distinction—from the rank of a private to that of a
general, and from the position of a citizen to that
of Chief Magistrate of the Republic. The name of
Jackson—the indomitable, the strong-willed, the
honest, the unflinching, the man of iron—has be-
come a household word to his countrymen—an
invocation of patriotism and duty to all lands.
What he said and did is written on that record of
words and deeds accumulated from the wisdom
and heroism of ages, and there, as a lesson and
incentive to posterity, it will be written forever.
Endowed, perhaps, with a less bold and subtle
philosophy than Jefferson—with a less dazzling
and theoretic genius than Napoleon—he was the
equal of them both m energy and concentration of
purpose—their superior in the attribute of common
sense. His principles were lofty and stern—proof
alike against power and corruption. As Aristides,
he could have written, unmoved, the ballot of his
own ostracism, or watched untempted by the flick-
ering torches of night over the treasure which
strewed the field of Marathon. As a general, he
was active and daring, yet vigilant and judicious.
To constancy and fortitude he had impetuous and
almost romantic valor. At the battle of New Or-
leans he won the crowning glory of his military
career. There he confirmed the great tiuth pro-
I claimed upon the classic plains of PlaUea, the pre-
eminence of free States in the defence of their
hearth-stones and independence over the unwieldy
empires of crowned conquerors. As it is the habit
of a free people to delegate great authority to one
man, who is the reflex of the popular will—the in-
dividualized Aigora through which the voice of a
nation is heard in after ages, so it is not to be won-
dered that Jackson, with such qualities as he pos-
sessed, should have been that man to the people of
his time.
The pride we feel in the man is not a partisan
pride, ft arises from what he did for his country.
There are many m this hall who bearded him—un-
successfully it is true, but fearlessly—when he was ,
wrapped in his pride of power and place, and !:
wielded, with boldness and energy, the sword of !
State. But this arose from honest difference of ■
opinion. It was not discreditable to them nor him.
All that fierce denunciation, generated and sus- j
tamed by party zeal, has passed away with its >
cause. There is no vandal hand to tear away the ;
first leaf in his chaplet of laurel; and the smoke of ;
detraction which was to obscure his fame has pass- '
ed away forever. i
I have no more to add. I am confident that the ■
prayer of the memorialists will be granted by this i
honorable House. >
The memorial was then read as follows:
To the Seriate and House of Representatives of the United
Stgtcs,
The memorial of the Jackson Monument Committee re-
spectfully represents, that the committee have now the full-
est assurance, in the amount of voluntary contiibutmns al-
leady received, that adequate means are attainable to erect
the monument to General Andrew Jackson contemplated
by those who value his public services. lit preparation for
the work, and as a fit material for the statue, they ask Con-
gress to put at their disposal a portion of the cannon taken
by the General daring his campaigns.
The trophies of victories have, in all time, been consid-
ered most beneficially appropriated when devoted to per-
petuate the fame of their achievements, and the memory
of the conduct and valor through which the country tri-
umphed.
The column of Napoleon is made of the cannon taken at
Austerlitz ; and for the material of the equestrian status to
Wellington, recently erected in London, the Bntish Gov-
ernment has dedicated the brass pieces captui^i at Water-
General Jackson took at Pensacola some large mortars and
cannon of the finest metal, which more than aimndred years
have tested, and shown to be indestructible by time and the
elements. These pieces are not of the caliber used in our
service, and they are lepoitcd as "unserviceable" at the
Ordnance Department.
The committee hope that Congress may deem that th%
can be devoted to no purpose so suitable as that of peipetu-
atms for future ages the form of the hero who gave them
lo life country, and that by resolution such of them as are
designated m the papci annexed, signed bv the chief of the
Ordnance Department, will be duected to be dehveied to
the Jackson Monument Committee, foi the object they have
in charge.
"Brass artillery captured at Pensacola by General Jackson:
4 4-poundei bra-.s jjuris, weight 2,800 lbs.
2 9-meh biass mortars, weight 2,130 "
4,930 lbs.
"These guns and mortars are now lodged at Watervliet
arsenal. They are not of the caliber uded in seivice, and
are reported unserviceable.
" G TALCOTT, &e\it. Col, Ordnance.
"Ordnance Office, *dprU14} 3 816.39
Mr. McCLERNAND asked leave to introduce
the following joint resolution in connexion with
the memorial:
Whereas a number of entei prising and patriotic citizens,
associated as the "Jackson Monument Committee," have
le^KCtfully memonahzcd Congre-s to put at then disposal
toui brass cannon and two bia>.> mortars, ot the total weight
of 4,930 ibs., to be u-ed as mateiia! ui constructing a monu-
ment to the memoiy of the ilubtnous hero and statesman,
Andiew Jackson:
And whcicds it satisfactorily appeals that the said guns
are the M. ne which were taken by (ieneial Jackson in the
seivice of the United States at Pensacola, and that they aie
now eeitiiied by the chief of the Oidnanee Office to be " un-
serviceable Therefoie,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That the
afoieaaid guns be, and the same aie hereby, put at the dis-
posal of 11 the Jackson Monument Committee," for the pur-
pose of being applied as material in constructing a monu-
ment to the memorv of General Andrew Jackson, and the
President of the United States is hereby authorized and le-
quested to see that they are so faithfully applied.
to-
The reception of the resolution being objected
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to suspend the
rules; which motion was decided by yeas and
nays: Yeas 112, nays 40.
So the rules were suspended,
Mr. McCLERNAND then introduced the joint
resolution; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be engrossed and reaifa third time.
The resolution was'engrosscd accordingly, and
read a third time.
The question recurring: on its pnssage—
Mr. HOPKINS moved the pre vious question;
and, under its operation, the resolution was read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. BURT asked leave to move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the joint resolution for refunding to
the several States certain expenses of volunteers.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. The motion was disagreed to.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar, Mr. Foot, of Vermont, in the
chair.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING moved to lay aside all
hills preceding the bill for the relief of Mary Brown,
widow of Jacob Brown, and that the committee*
take up that bill. Disagreed to.
The bill for the relief of John Ericsson was
first taken up, and amended, on motion of Mr.
WHITE, by striking the sum of fifteen thousand
and eighty dollais out of the bill, and inserting the
sum of seven thousand five hundred and forty doi-
