1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46g
Creole, a vessel sailing from the United States,
and compelled, by a mutiny, to proceed to that
port; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. CAlJpRON presented six petitions of fe-
male inhabitants of Pennsylvania, praying such an
alteration of the Constitution and laws as will abol-
ish slavery in the United States; the motion to re-
ceive which was laid on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying an amendment of the .naturalization laws
of the United States; which was laid upon the
table.
Also, the petition of Rachel Maule, heir and rep-
resentative of Eli Shoemaker, deceased, praying
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was laid upon the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill making appropriations for certain
fortifications of the United States for the year end-
ing June 30,1848; which was read a first Lime.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Hola-to-Emathla,
and other Seminole warriors; which was read a
first time.
Mr. R., from the same committee, reported a hill
for the relief of William H. Prentiss; which was
read a first time.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of James Pennoyer;
which was read a first time.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of David N.
Smith; which was rend a first time.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill to amend
the act of the 26th of February, 1845, extending
the jurisdiction of the district courts to certain
cases upon the lakes and navigable waters con-
necting the same, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. A., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill to authorize a term of the circuit
and district courts for the district of Illinois to be !
held at Chicago, Illinois, reported the same, with !
a recommendatiou that it do not pass.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill relinquishing
to the city of Madison, in the State of Indiana, all !
the right and title of the United States to a certain
strip of unsurveyed land lying within the limits of
said city and bordering on the Ohio river, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee oil the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Edmund J. Forstall, m behalf of Hope & Co., of
Amsterdam, and others, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a resolution directing the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Attorney General to ex-
amine into the case fully, arid collect such authentic j
information as they can obtain in relation thereto,
and make report thereon to the Senate on the first
day^of the next session. The report was ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the prior orders
were suspended, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration, as in Committee of the Whole, of
the bill lo exempt certain articles imported by lit-
erary institutions from the payment of duty.
No amendment having been offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate and ordered to a third read-
ing, and was, by unanimous consent, read a third
time, and passed.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. BREESE said he was induced by the mes-
sage of the President of Saturday last to ask the
{Senate to take up the bill to reduce and graduate
the price of the public lands. It would be seen
that the measure was expected to add a million
annually to the revenue, and he hoped the Senate
would now consider it. As it had been fully dis-
cussed last session, it could consume no time.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped not. The Senator
from Missouri had given notice that he would this
morning call up the bill making provision for ad-
ditional officers. There was no expectation that
the graduation bill would be taken up, and the
Senate was now thin.
Mr. EVANS also expressed a hope that this
bill would not be taken up. If the Senator from
Missouri was not prepared to go on, he (Mr. E.)
would call up the eivil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill; and if the Senator from Illinois meant to
put the graduation bill on the ground of a measure
for revenue, he should recollect that a revenue bill
could not oi igmate in this body.
Mr. BENTON, while he allowed the importance
of the graduation bill, suggested the propriety of
permitting the bill for the appointment of officers,
which was necessary to complete the organization
of the new regiments, to take precedence.
Mr. BREESE then withdrew his motion.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A number of private bills were received from the
House, read a first and second times by unani-
mous consent, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees. The resolution granting certain unser-
viceable brass cannon to the Jackson Monument
Association, was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TEN REGIMENTS.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the prior orders
were suspended, and the Senate proceeded, as in
committee of the whole, to the consideration of the i
bill making pioviston for additional officers, and j
for other purposes. . ;
The bill having been read, Mr. B. moved to fill
the blank left for the amount of bounty to be paid
to volunteers reenhsting, with " twelve dollars;"
which was agreed to.
Mr. DIX moved to amend the bill, by adding
the following sections:
Sec.—. *dnd be it fin ther unacted, Tnatthe President of
( the United States be, and lie heieln is, authon/ed, by and
j with the advice and consent of the Scnnt.:, to add m the pay
depaitment of the army two deputy pa) master generals, with
tin- pa> and allowances each oi a deputy ijuai termastergen-
eral; and ten paymasters), with the pay and allowances eaeti
of paymaster or the army; and the officers so appointed shall
give such bonds as the President shall, from time to tune,
direct Provided, That the deputy p'i>master generals shall,
in addition to paying troops, supeimteml the payment of ar-
mies m the field.
"Sec. —. Jlnd be it fuither enacted,* That the officers of
the pay department still have rank corresponding with tile
rank to winch their pay and allowances ai<; n-similated:
PtovUed, That paj masters shall not in virtue of such lank
he entitled to command in the line or othet Mart' departments
of the aimy: Provided, c/so, That the ii^ht to command in
the pay depaitment between otlV-eis having the -aineiank
shall be m ta\or ol the olde-t in service m the department
Without regaid to the dates oi commission under v\ Inch they
may be acting at the time.
Sec. —. *.ind bcit jurther enacted, That paj master? be,
and aie hereby authorized and empowered, byana wiih the
appiobation of the Secretaiy of Wai, to cmploj one clerk
each at a salary not to exceed §700 per annum."
Mr. DIX stated that these amendments were
substantially contained in the bill originally re-
ported by the Committee on Military Allans at an
early period of the session—the ten regiments bill.
The House bill, however, having been taken up, this
bill was not acted on. There was some difference in
the mode of appointing the additional paymasters
between this amendment and the bill to which he
had referred, which he explained.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, where was the ne-
cessity for these deputy paymasters general? He
was opposed to the increase of these bureau offi-
cers further than was absolutely necessary for the
exigencies of the service.
Mr. DIX replied that he would not advocate the
appointment of those officers, if he did not deem
them indispensable. It was not intended that they
should serve here. One was to serve at New Or-
leans, and the other was to accompany the aimy.
The disbursements were very heavy. Last year
they amounted to $4,565,0u0. Tins year they
would not fall short of eight or nine millions.
These officers were peculiarly necessary in present
circumstances; and during the last war similar offi-
cers were appointed. * j
Mr. HUNTINGTON wished to knowif the last [
clause did not contain a new principle—the allow- i
ance of a clerk to each paymaster. !
Mr. DIX replied that the paymasters were for- i
merly allowed a soldier from the line. But the 1
responsibility of paymasters was very great m con- j
sequence of making disbursements in specie, and j
it was indispensable that they should have ennfi- |
dential clerks. They had had them since 1838, I
but the compensation was hitherto limited to §500, j
a sum not adequate to procure the services of com- '
petent persons. It was now proposed to augment j
the compensation to $700. '
Mr. HUNTING-TON said that, if he under- '
stood, the salary was to be increased, and not a
new class of officers created. Did the Senator
mean to say that the increase became necessary in
consequence of the sub-treasury ? [A laugh.]
Mr. DIX had not said so. It was in consequence
of our present military operations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the provision for two
deputy paymasters general. He did not under-
stand how they were to exercise a superintendence,
or what advantage was to accrue from their ap-
pointment, either in supplying the troops or insu-
ring greater responsibility. The simplest form in
which disbursements could be made was to have
no intermediate agent between the paymaster gen-
eral and the paymasters. An intermediate agency
could only have the effect of producing confusion
and a delay of business. He was also opposed to
the multiplication of high-titled officers. Occasions
for such appointments were always springing up,
and new necessities constantly urged for them.
Such was the natural tendency of th« state* of
things as it now exists, and he knew the difficulty
of checking it. There was an increase of two dep-
uty paymasters general and ten paymasters. He
thought there was no necessity for this increase.
It was a new scheme to improve the administra-
tion of this department, which had hitherto been
found to work well. They had great confidence
in the present head of this department, but as to
these wsputy paymasters general, he could only
consider them as useless appendages.
Mr. DIX repeated that one of these officers
would be stationed at New Orleans, and the other
would be with the army. The paymasters give
bonds for $20,000, and, during the war, may fre-
quently have in their hands $200,000 or $300,000.
These deputies would have to give heavy bonds.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What bonf,s-s
Mr. DIX. What the President may deem neces-
sary, bearing a proper proportion to their respon-
sibilities. They would have to pay away large
sums. This was no new idea. It was carried
into practice during the last war. He referred to
the Military Register of that period to show that
this was the fact. He thought the appointment of
these officers necessary for carrying on the war in
a foreign country.
Mr. CRITTENDEN would only say if the
bonds now exacted from paymasters were insuffi-
cient, let them be increased. We had no ground
for determining what should be the bond required
of a deputy paymaster general. He was in favor
of the simplest way of doing things. The security
of the public funds could not be increased by their
passing through intermediate hands. This would
rather increase their danger: the fewer the hands
the greater the security. If smaller sums were not
secure in the hands of many paymasters, would
not larger sums be less secure in the hands of one
or two; and the greater the accumulation the
greater the dangei t
The question was then taken on Mr. CRIT-t
TENDEN'8 amendment to the amendment; and
was decided in the negative. Ayes 15, noes 17.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out the allowance for a
clerk to each paymaster.
Mr. DIX explained, that clerks were now au-
thorized by law, and were employed at a salary of
five hundred dollars. This amendment was only
to increase the pay to seven hundred dollars. No
change in the law was contemplated, but merely a
change in the salary. He read a paragraph from"
a letter of the Paymaster General, stating that the
duties of the clerks were now gieatly incieased by
the law requiring the payments of the troops to be
made in specie. The Quartermaster General was
allowed a discretion in fixing the salaries of the
clerks in his department according to the services
required.
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested that the time
might not be remote when a paymaster would be
asked for to pay the paymasters.
Mr. C. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. JARNAGIN ofTeied an amendment requi-
ring the nominations to be submitted to the Sen-
ate. He had been informed that there were some
twelve, or perhaps seventeen, additional paymasters
now employed, and receiving some $.3,000 per an-
num each, who had never been befoie the Senate
for confirmation. He believed that under some
former law, the President was authorized toappomt
additional paymasters. What he desired was, to
alter that law, so as to require that all additional
paymasters now in a-ervice be submitted to the
Senate for confirmation, as well as all who might
heieafter be appointed.
