464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20.
Mr. DIX said these paymasters had been appoint-
ed under the act of 1838, which authorized their
appointment by the President alone. They were
for the volunteers only, and would be discharged
when they were disbanded. It might be proper
to make the amendment proposed so far as to apply
it to those hereafter appointed, but it would be ex
post facto to go back and apply it to those already
m service, and appointed under an existing law
■which made no such requisition.
Mr. JARNAGIN thought that all the names
should be submitted to the Senate for confirmation.
The change which had taken place in the character
of the volunteers rendered it proper chat this should
be done.
Mr. BENTON thought this course hardly cor-
rect. The law authorizing these appointments by
the "President had been for some time in operation,
and no harm had hitherto resulted from the prac-
tice. It would not be right to rescind the appoint- ;
ments already made. !
Mr. DIX insisted that we could not interfere
with the present officers, who would probably go
out when the term for which the volunteers had
engaged would expire, which would be in June.
Mr. JARNAGIN said he was not disposed to
find fault with these officers. If they shftild he
renominated, he would be disposed to vote for
them; because they could have become familiar
with their duties, which would give them an ad-
vantage over new men.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ja.rnagin's
amendment to the amendment, and decided in the
negative: Ayes 14, noes J5.
The amendment of Mi. Dix was then agreed to.
Mr. CHITTENDEN moved to amend the bill,
by striking out the second section, authorizing the
appointment of three assistant adjutants general.
He wished to know if this suggestion came from
the Adjutant General?
Mr. BENTON replied, that the increase was
not suggested by the Adjutant General, but from
the Secretary of War, who is the representative of
the Piesident. His communication was on the
table. The present number of officers of this class
was not sufficient. The adjutant general and the
inspector general were the right arm of the com-
manding general, by which he was enabled to carry
on his operations. I n the year 1798, General Wash-
ington explicitly required that such and such offi-
cers of this class should be with the major general.
On these officers depended the execution of all or-
ders and the general efficiency of the army. With-
out an ample stair in these important departments,
he would not he able to go on.
Mr. CIUTTENDEN said he had asked if the
head of this department had made application for
this increase, and he had supposed that an applica-
tion would have come from him, through the Sec-
retary of War. He presumed these officers might
be necessary for the service. But he believed that
every major general now in the field had his adju-
tant genera! accompanying him.
Mr. BENTON suggested that this officer might
be disabled.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then the major general
could appoint a successor. He objected to this un-
necessary multiplication of officers. Every major
genera! had his adjutant general. It would appear
as if these officers were to be stationed here, and
not on the field. They wore probably to be Wash-
ington city officers, to be stationed here. But
whether so or not, they appeared to him to be su-
perfluous. We were called on to go ori multiply-
ing officers, without understanding the necessity
for it. He was willing to allow all that were ne-
cessary, and to pay them liberally; but any addi-
tional nuinbei beyond what was necessaiy would
only be a burden.
,Vu\ DIX referred to the Military Register of 1813,
and showed that during that war, there were ei«-ht
adjutant generals with the rank of colonel, and
eight assistant-adjutant generals with the rank of |
major. The number now proposed was moderate !
compared with what it was in 1813. |
Mr. CRITTENDEN said we had ten adjutant j
generals now, in 1813 we had sixteen. But the ,
• war of 1813 was very different from the present
war. Then an army occupied a vast circle extend-
ing round the whole countty, reaching from Maine
to New Orleans, and all along our fiontiers to the
lakes. It embnu-ed the entire circumference of the
country, and was opposed to the greatest Power in
the world. Now our foe was comparatively insig-
nificant. He did not see how the operations of the
two periods could be compared.
Mr. DIX replied that the number of officers was
not regulated by the character of the war, but by
the number of brigades.
After an inaudible remark from Mr. TURNEY,
The question was taken on Mr. Crittenden's
amendment to the amendment, and decided in the
negative: Ayes 15, noes 16.
Mr. DIX moved to amend by adding a section
authorizing the appointment of two additional cap-
tains, and six additional first lieutenants to the ord-
nance corps. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIX moved further to amend the bill, by
adding a section authouzing the addition of two
companies to each regiment of artillery, and au-
thorizing the equipment of four companies of artil-
lery, one from each regiment, as light artillery, in
addition to those authorized under existing laws,
to receive the same pay, &c., as dragoons.
Mr. DIX said that addition was necessary in
consequence of the number of light guns in the
service.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. How many men to each
company?
Mr. DIX. One hundred.
Mr. CR1TTENDEN. How many companies ?
Mr. DIX. Eight.
Mr. N1LES. What is the term of service?
Mr. DIX There was no authority to discharge
these companies at the end of the war. He pre-
sumed they could be then dispensed with.
Mr. HUNTINGTON asked a further explana-
tion as to the allowance of rations in the last sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. DIX explained that the object was to re-
store to the officers embraced in that section, the
double rations of which they were deprived by the
construction put by the department on the act of
1842. They always had these double lations pre-
vious to that period. General Jesup was now in
the lieid. The duties of the Adjutant General here
were very arduous. This clause was recommend-
ed by the Secretary of War.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. BREESE moved to amend the bill, by ad-
ding a section providing that the additional com-
panies of artillery shall be inlisted for 44 during the
war," and that all the additional officers autho-
rized by the bill shall be discharged at the end of
the war.
Mr. DIX asked if this was intended to apply to
the companies of artillery, or to all officers.
Mr. BREESE. To all officers.
Mr. DIX suggested that if the war should ter-
minate m one month after the close of the session,
all these officers would be discharged.
Mr. BREESE. That would be no great hard-
ship. Congress could remedy the evil.
.After arenuuk from Mr. DAYTON,
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON said he understood that the
President was to fill ail vacancies which might oc-
cur in the volunteer legmients. Three-fourths of
these officers held their commissions from the State
authorities, and the remainder by appointment of
the President. This, theiefore, would bring up
the question, whether the volunteers are to be re-
gaided as regular soldiers or as militia, tie had
never heard this question settled, although, from
some recent circumstances, lie had supposed they
were to be considered as militia. Theie were up-
wards of one hundred vacancies already, and all
of these ought to b(vprouiptiy filled. It was ex-
pedient that this should be done. But had we the
pow<Jr, if they were State troops, to authorize the
Piesiuent to fill them? If they were State troops,
the officers held under the States, and the States
must till the vacancies under their own laws. If
they were regulais, the Piesident could fill them.
Mr. BEN TON said that vacancies are occurring
daily, and the President or Commander-in-Chief
tilled them as they occurred by promotion, or as
the law prescribed. The difficulty was more of
an abstraction than a fact.
Mr. ATCHISON said that the mode of appoint-
ing officers varied in different States. In Missouri
eveiy officei was elected. In Connecticut the ap-
pointment was by the Governor. The rule, there-
tore, could not act uniformly, nor without doing
violence to the State authority.
Mr. CALHOUN, atter calling for the reading of
the clause, said his mind was made up not to vote
for any violation of the constitutional authority of
the States. When vacancies occur, the next in
command might take the place without taking the
rank of the senior officer:
Mr. ATCHISON moved to amei^Uhe bill by
striking out the objectionable word(Ph the fifth
section.
Mr. CASS said he did not regard the volunteers
as militia. Nothing could be looked on as militia
which the President had not the right to call out
into service. ^ That was his construction. Could
not the President be authorized to call for an elec-
tion ?
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the billon the table,
and the motion having been agreed to,
The Senate proceeded to the special order-
THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill appropriating
three millions of dollars to bring the war with
Mexico to a speedy and honorable conclusion.
Mr. SIMMONS said, when he rose the day be-
fore yesterday to address the Senate, it was his
purpose simply to reply to some observations
which had just been made by the Senator from
South Carolina; but having been prevented by cir-
cumstances from proceeding with his remarks, he
had concluded to make some observations in ref-
erence to the general tenor of the proposition now
before the Senate.
The bill had been so long under discussion that
the subjects which had been brought up in con-
nexion with it during that discussion had become
more important than the bill itself; and, were it
not for the clear and distinct manner in which the
subject was announced every morning by the Vice"
President, they would be in danger of forgetting
the question that was immediately before them.
The immediate question he understood to be upon
the amendment offered by the Senator from Michi-
gan to the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia. He would merely make one remark in ref-
erence to the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, and it was, that that amendment seem-
ed to him to conflict with the general purposes of
the bill itself, as he understood those purposes,
and as they were explained by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, who introduced the bill. It was a bill
providing the means for bringing the war with
Mexico to a speedy and honorable conclusion;
and according to the Senator from Arkansas, the
money intended to be appropriated by it was to
dispose the hearts of the people of Mexico to peace.
The amendment of the Senator from Michigan was
introduced with the old label upon it, that this war
was commenced by the act of Mexico. This
phrase was becoming as customary as the words
perse were in the days of President Tyler. He
was in favor of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Georgia, because he thought it con-
tained something that was germain to the bill itself.
It was calculated to reconcile and appease the
minds of the people of Mexico, for it set out with
a declaiation that the war was not prosecuted with
a view to conquest. *
Before proceeding to other subjects immediately
connected with this bill, he would say a few words
respecting the character of this war, for this bill
appeared to have been selected, according to the
suggestions of Senatois on the other side, for a gen-
eral consideration of the whole subject. It had
been suggested that they ought to go on and make
all the appropriations and vote all the supplies that
were necessary for the prosecution of the war, re-
serving the consideration as to the responsibility
ot the President and the propriety of his conduct
m the matter until some convenient time, and this
appeared to him to be as convenient a time as any
that they would have to offer any suggestions
which Senators might choose to make in reference
to the matter.
There had been a great deal said on both sides
in reference to the character of this war, its origin
and its purposes. The Senator from Alabama
seemed to be of the opinion that the character of
the war would be to a great extent determined by
examining the character of the measures which pro-
duced it. In this the Senator was to some extent
correct. The Senator had proceeded, as he under-
stood him, to assign the annexation of Texas as
the principal cause of the war, and proceeded to
say, that if the annexation of Texas was unjust
and unholy, (to use his own language,) then the
war with Mexico waa unjust and unholy too.
