1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
merit—that they would not tolerate it—would never
have adopted it—and that their object was to have
a Federal Government. So, if youlook to the Con-
stitution itself the same thing is manifest. There
are ample provisions to show that it is a Federal
Government—a union of Stales, and not a National
Government—a combination of nations, and not a
single nation—a far more brilliant and sti iking
conception, much more philosophical, and better
calculated to carry out the great object.
In the letter of General Washington, recom-
mending the adoption of the Constitution, which he
signed as President of the Convention, do we hear
a word of nation ? Do we hear a syllable about a
consolidated Government? Not one. It is to per-
petuate the Union. And what does "Union"
mean? We had union before. It was a mere
league—no more-—articles of confederation. It was :
to perpetuate the Union, not to destroy it. |
But the Senator used anothe^ argument. I am '
not certain that I can recall its precisc terms, as I !
did not make a note of it. But if I do not state I
it correctly, the Senator will have the goodness to
correct me. He dwelt upon the mere change of r
the terms United States into States united, 1 did ;
it to get rid of the geographical idea, because the [
term "United States" frequently means geographi- '
cally that part of the world which Providence has ;
allotted to us; but that is not the meaning in the !
Constitution. In the first instance, in the" pream- 1
ble of the Constitution, if my memory serves me, !
the States were enumerated one by one—" We, '
the people of New Hampshire," and so forth—as ;
in the Declaration of Independence. But after- 1
wards, that form of phraseology was changed, and j
why? That is important. It"was changed on this |
account, and no other. The Constitution provided j
that if more States should assent thereto, ("ratify- ■
ing this Constitution,"is the expression, I believe",) |
it should be adopted; and hence the expression !
was put in, "the people of the United States," '
meaning the people of the States united. Out of j
that mere change of language has originated all this '
about a " National" Government. Sir, we are as '
devoted to this Union as any portion of the Ameri- '
can people. I use the phrase as meaning the peo- j
pie of the Union. But we see in nationality evils i
immeasurable to us. Admit us to be a nation, we ,
see where we stand. We are in a minority. We ;
have peculiar institutions; we have peculiar pro- ;
ductions; and we shall have to trust to the mere i
numerical majority of the whole—the unsafest of '
all Governments—for protection. I would rather i
trust to a sovereign. I would rather trust to an j
aristocracy—any form of government, rather than i
to that. I hold, that wherever the idea is a fixed j
one, that the mere numerical majority have a right !
to govern—that this right is holden by a sort of
divine right—that there is then no constitutional
liberty. It is Dorrism. Rhode Island has tasted
of the fruit, or will taste of it, and the last man I
should expect this doctrine from is a Senator from
Rhode Island. It is bad enough when applied io
a State, but when applied to the Union, it is ruin- !
ous. Now, Mr. President, all the doctrines that !
we have advanced have been the result of the full- !
est and most considerate examination. Our con- 1
victions are as strong as are those of any Senator
on his side. We are as good judges of our inter- >
ests as they are of theirs, and rather better than !
they can be of ours. There ought to be respectful !
deference on both sides. The Senator attempted '
to base an argument on the annexation of Texas, :
and the attempt discovered how far the mind may '
be diverted from sound conclusions by viewing the :
case in this partial mode. He asked where I, as j
a strict constructionist, can find any right to annex j
Texas? 1
Mr. SIMMONS. I said that this movement '
began on the part of this Government to prohibit :
the abolition of slavery in a foreign nation, and I ■
desired to know the constitutional authority for j
that. 1
Mr. CALHOUN. I intended so to state the '
position of the Senator. A "foreign nation," ,
then—that is, Texas. He asks, then, where I I
would find any authority in the Constitution for j
that measure? The Senator must remember that i
the British Minister himself, (Lord Aberdeen,)—
whom I greatly respect as a man and a statesman
—had the candor to send us a communication to j
be read by the British Minister to the Secretary of ,
State, ( whose office I then filled,) announcing that |
their object was not only to see slavery abolished in ■
Texas, but in the United States and throughout
the world. Now, I think nothing is clearer than
this, that the United States are bound, under the
highest sort of guarantee, to protect the States of
the Union against domestic violence, be it what it
may, and that, being thus bound, whenever it is
within the sphere of their power, to prevent the
I causes leading to it. Now, we are supreme in the
j management of our foreign relations. But here is
|i a thing likely to lead to insurrectionary movements
j in the States; and which, if they take place, this
jj State of Rhode Island, and the other States, are
j] under solemn obligations to suppress. Had we,
j| then, not a right to say that such an object having
jj been notoriously avowed, it was the duty of this
ij Government to thwart the effort to accomplish it?
i! Was not that especially our duty, when we had
j| the fullest knowledge, which I had obtained from
J the most authentic sources, that all this originated
j with the American delegates to the World's Con-
vention, as it was called—or the Fool's Conven-
>; tion, as it ought to be called—and that it was there
declared that a distinguished member of the Anier-
j; ican Congress had said, that if they wished to
abolish slavery in America, now was the time, and
:1 Texas was the scene of the fir^t operations 5 A
committee was appointed to wait on Lord Aber-
;I deen, which received a favorable response, and this
communication was the result of that response.
' \ Now, I put it to the strong sense of the Senator
! from Rhode Island, if we are bound to put down
i insurrectionary movements in a neighboring State,
,• are you not bound to take measures against them
11 when it falls within our jui isdiction in the nianage-
[i ment of our foreign relations? Now, we have
j: deferred to the North. In many respects, we be- ;
jj lieved them to be good judges of their own busi- '
j) ncss. But we hold that they ought to pay a little
1! more deference to us. We understand what we
are about. We know what is coming, and, know-
ing that, we move here with no other purpose on
God's earth but to protect our portion of the Union
fiom the greatest calamity—not insurrection, but
something worse. I know the end of all this. If
the process go on, it is to expel m time the white-
population from the southern States, and place
others there who are now under our control. I
sec the consequcnces, sir, lying beyond, and which
the Senator from Rhode Island cannot see, because
he has not viewed the subject in the proper light
or from the proper point.
I moved these resolutions from no party view,
from no design to embarrass any side, but simply
that the southern States, whom I represent in part,
shall know what is the sense of this body upon
their constitutional rights. If we have none, tell
us so. If we are to be sentenced to remain forever
fourteen States, whilst the others are to spread out
and fill the continent, tell us so, and then we will
do the best we can. We love and revere the Union,
It is the interest of the whole world that this Union
should be preserved. But the balance of power in
these United States is in the slaveholdtng States.
They are the conservative power. Capital and
labor are there united. The North is as much in-
terested in upholding the, slavcholding States as
the latter can possibly be themselves.
I was very much struck, many years ago, Mr.
President, by a remark made by one of four young
English gentlemen, who, in passing through this
city, spent several evenings with me. Lord Stan-
ly was one of them. We were conversing about
the wonderful phenomenon—for it is wonderful—
which kept this Union together. Lord Stanly—
I shall never forget it—without any suggestion or
leading remark of mine, said that it was all owing
to the southern States. Now, let me warn gentle-
men that, whilst warring on us, they arc warring
against themselves. And, let me say, I treat it as
hard, as unjust, that when we, who have stood ;j
upon the defensive, and made no move at all, rise '
up to meet these various resolutions, and the pro-
viso from the other House, and in a modest man-
ner protest against these declarations of exclusion
uttered against us, we should be accused of cre-
ating excitement. We mean no excitement—will
cause none. Let us alone, and we will be most
quiet. But tramule upon us, and will we not turn ?
Mr. SIMMONS said he did not know that he
would have risen to reply at all, had it not been
for the ignorance which had been imputed to him.
Mr. CALHOUN disclaimed any offensive ap-
plication of the expression.
Mr. SIMMONS said he would refer the Senator
to the argument of Luther Martin, in which he en-
deavored to dissuade Maryland from assenting to
the Constitution, because the "National"' party
had prevailed in the Convention. He (Mr. S.) had
read and studied the Constitution in order to under-
stand it, and not to twist it into accordance with
pre-conceived notions. He had also studied the
debates and papers of that time, and could not.see
how any impartial mind could refuse its assent to
the fact that the National party did prevail in the
Convention. As to abolition, and interference with
the South, and all that, he had heard more of that
within the last week than in the whole course of
his life before. He really did believe that he had
once met with an Abolitionist in Rhode Island, or
rather one who was suspected of the heresy. [A
laugh.] The suspected individual was a parson,
on whose ministrations he (Mr. S.) occasionally
attended, and indeed he was appointed a committee
of one to inquire into the truth of the accusation
against the parson. However, when the accuser
and accused were brought face to face^ it turned
out that their opinions were very much alike, and
the abolitionism of the worthy parson was alia
mistake, f A laugh.] The, North regarded slavery
as a mere local affair at the South, and it was to be
left to the reflections of the people of the southern
States themselves. The honorable gentleman made
some additional remarks in reply to the position of
the Senator from South Carolina, relative to the
anti-national character of the Government.
The bill was then passed by informally.
Mr. SEVIER gave notice that he should object
to all these personal explanations on this bill here-
after, and that he would ask for a vote upon the
bill on Wednesday.
CIRCUIT COURT AT ALEXANDRIA.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
the Senate proceeded, as in committee of the whole,
to the consideration of the bill supplemental to an
act passed the 9th day of July, in the year 1846,
entitled "An act to rctrocede the county of Alex-
andria, in the District of Columbia, to the State of
Virginia."
No amendment having been offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and was ordeied to a third
reading, and was, by unanimous consent, read a
third time, and passed.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Chalmers on the 18th instant,
in relation to furnishing* the members of the Senate
with certain books.
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in answer to a resolution trans-
mitting such information in possession of the ex-
ecutive departments in relation to the importation
of foreign criminals and paupers as is consistent
with the public interests to communicatc; which
was ordered to be printed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 20, 1847.
The Journal was partially read, when, on mo-
tion, its further reading was dispensed with.
The SPEAKER announced, as the question first
in order, the motion to lay on the table the bill for
the relief of Jethro Wood; which motion was pend-
ing when the House adjourned yesterday.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, by leave, presented certain
resolutions from the Legislature of the State of
Virginia, in favor of a vigorous prosecution of the
war with Mexico.
The resolutions were laid on the table.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING asked leave
to make a report from the Committee on Com-
merce. Objected to.
The question was about being put on laying the
Senate bill for the relief of Jethro Wood on the
table: when
Mr. ROOT stated that, as there was a motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on Agriculture, he
would withdraw the motion to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL briefly stated the
merits of the claim, and urged the propriety of im-
mediate action.
Mr. SEAMAN said that the Committee on Pa-
tents was the appropriate committee to which this
