468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
bill should be referred, and accordingly made that
motion.
Mr. ROOT spoke some time in opposition to the
bill, and in reply to Mr. W. W. Campbell.
Mr. HENLEY replied to Mr. Root, briefly,
and spoke or' the claim as an honest and just one.
Mr. ROOT made an explanation in reply to Mr.
Henley.
Mr. WOOD said he had no connexion whatever
with this bill, any farther than that their names
were "Wood." Mr. W. spoke of the claim as a
just one, and hoped it would go to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. MORRIS renewed the motion to lay the
bill on the table. Disagreed to.
The question was then put on referring the bill
to the Committee on Patents, and decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, by leave, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, to which it
was referred, the Senate, bill entitled "An act to
compensate John M. Moore," without amend-
ment.
Mr. S. asked that the bill be put upon its pass-
ago. The bill was read.
The SPEAKER said, as the bill involved an ap-
propriation of money, it required to be committed,
and was accordingly committed.
Mr. S., also, from the same committee, asked
leave to make another report. Objected to.
HILLS FROM THE SENATE.
Bills and joint resolutions of the Senate, of the
following titles, were taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
An act for the relief of John Stockton, late-a
lieutenant in the army °f the United States;
An act for the relief of William Marvin, m con-
firming the title to a tract of land in Florida, grant-
ed by the Spanish Government to Bernardo Segui
on the 10th of December, 1815;
An act for the iclief of the heirs and representa-
tives of the late Robert Sewall;
An act for the relief of Wade Allen;
An act to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of Thomas C. Sheldon, late receiver of
public moneys at Kalamazoo, Michigan;
An act granting a pension to Bcthia Healy,
widow of George Healy, dcc.en.sed;
An act for the relief of Andrew Moore;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Louis de la
Houssayc, deceased;
An act for the relief of Alfred White;
An act for the relief of Robert M. Harrison;
An act directing the Secretary of the iNnvy to
purchase from Dr. James P. Espy his patent right
for the conical ventilator for the use of the United
States;
An act for the relief of Creed Taylor;
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the hngantine Ocean Q,ueen;
An act for the relief of John P ronson;
An act for the relief of Peaison Cogswell;
An act confirming the claim of the heirs and !e-
£a! representatives of Pierre Dufresne to a tract of
land; [
An act for the relief of Joseph Watson;
An act granting a pension to Abigail Garland,
widow of Jacob Garland, deceased;
An act fur the iclief of James S. Conway;
An act for the relief of James P. Southron;
An act for the relief of Andrew D. Crosby;
An art for the relief of William A. Christian;
An act to gran? a right of preemption to Philip
F. Dering and Robeit H. Champion to a tract of
mineral land; *
A joint resolution to correct an error in the act
of June I"}, 1844, for the relief of Mary Ann Lin-
ton;
A joint resolution concerning the purchase of
additional lands for the use of the United Slates
armorv at Harper's Ferry; and
A joint resolution for the relief of John Devlin.
Bills from the Senate of the following titles were
sexerally read u first and second time, and ordered
to be read a third time to-day, and were accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed:
An act m addition to an act to establish a court
at Key West, in the State of Florida; and
An act to authorize the issuing of a new register
fur the American barque Pons, of Philadelphia, by
the name of the " Cordelia."
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate
with the concurrence of the House in said bills.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act for
the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones," was
read twice; when—
On motion, the said bill was laid on the table.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act for the
relief of Ray Tompkins and others, the children
and heirs of £)aniel D. Tompkins," was read twice;
when—
On motion, the said bill was indefinitely post- !
poned. j
MINERAL LANDS. j
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill from the Senate entitled i( An act to es-
< tablish a land office in the northern part of Mich- •
' igan, and to provide for the sale of mineral lands
{ in the State of Michigan and Territory of Wis- ;
'consul," (which was reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands on the 15th instant, with an '
amendment. The amendment is very long, and
provides, among other things—
" That all that poition of the public lands in the State of
Michigan lying north of the boundaries of the Saginaw and
Grand River land districts in said State, commonly"called the
northern peninsula of the State of Michigan, with the islands j
m Lakes Superior, Huron, and Michigan, and in Gteen Bay, I
the Straits of Michihmackinac. and the liver Si. Mary's, 1
withm the jurisdiction of said State, be, and the same are 1
hereby included in aland district, to be called the Lake Su- 1
perior land district; and,for the sale of the lands in said dia- I
tnct, there shall bo a land officc established at such point 1
therein as the President of the United States may select. S
"That the Secietary of the Tieasury shall causeageologi- !
cal examination and suivey of the lands embraced in said
district to bo made; and the Pres-idcnti* authorized to cause i
such of said lands as may contain copper, lead, or other val- i
uable oic, to be exposed to sale, giving six months' notice |
of t:io times and places of s>alc m .such newspapers < l*gen- !
cral circulation in the several States as he may deem expe- \
dlent, with a buef description of the lands to be offered: 1
showuit; the number and localities of the mines known, the 1
probability of di-rovoimg otbci«} the quality of the ores, the i
far-ihtu^ of working the mine^, rind the means and expense i
of tian^porting their products to the puncipaJ markets in the i
United Suite*. i
-'That all those persons who are 111 the actual occupancy 1
of any portion of the distuct described in the first section of
tlii* act, under authority of a lease from the Seeretaiy of
War, for the purpose of miniri  thereon, and who have fully
complied with all the conditions andstipiilafion* of said lease,
may entei and puiehase the «amc at anv time during the con-
tinuance of such lease, to the extent of such lease and no
less, by prtjine to the United States therefor at the rate of 1
two dollais and titty cents ppr acre.
"That the said nnneial lamb Mi all be offered for sale in
subdivisions of qii.utei-tju.utei m-cIiohs-, anil no bid shall be
locJMved at a h'-s rale than five dollars per acre ; and if such
lands fhall not he sold at public sale at such piice, nor shall
he entried at pmate sab- within twelve months at said pnee,
then the pnct shall be reduced to twodolhus and fifty centa
pel acre ; and it the said land-s shall not be sold at such re-
duced pi ice withm twelve month* after such reduction, then
the same shall he -ubjet t. to ^ale as other public lands,*' &c.
And the question was stated on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the committee; when,
Mr. VINTON moved to amend it, so as that no
quantity less than quarter sections may be offered
at public sale, and that no bid at a less? rate than
five dollars be received, and if not sold at public
Rale, then said lands may he entered at private sale
at that price; and to strike out that, part of the sec-
tion which authorizes the land to be sold at a less
rate than five dollars.
Mr. MORRIS moved to postpone the bill until
Monday next.
Mr. M. said that he made this motion in order
to c;et time to consider the bill and amendments. It
was a most important bill, probably more so than
anv other bill which might be or had been brought
before this Congress for its consideration or action,
and, as far as dollars and cents were concerned,
the lands embraced in it would yield more revenue
annually, if properly managed, than would be de-
rived from the annual sales of all other lands to the
United States. If the House were determined to
acf on this bill to-day, he would ask the liberty to
! make a few remarks.
Mr. McCLELLAND opposed the postpone-
; ment of the bill, and remarked that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Morris] had had abundance of
I time to examine its merits and form an opinion
1 upon it. If he had a year in which to decide, he
| dul not believe he would approve it, because he
I had always manifested an insuperable hostility to
1 it. A great mistake had been made by the gentle-
j man in regard to the copper lands, and his estimate
| of their wealth was entirely too high. It required
< much capital to conduct profitably mining opera-
j tions in that region; and m most cases he feared
' those who adventured their funds in such specula-
j tions would fail. If an operator were so fortunate
! as to hit on a rich and extensive "lead," he might
make money, but otherwise not. There was so
much uncertainty in it, and the whole matter was
surrounded by so many difficulties, that he con-
sidered it an exceedingly doubtful speculation.
His State was much interested in the passing of
this or some other bill, to dispose of these lands.
The people were much opposed to the leasing sys-
tem, and were desirous to have the lands sold in
order to tax them. It behoved Congress, seeing
those leases had been declared void, to act prompt-
ly, and relieve his State, and those who had made
large expenditures on the ground. The State of
Michigan was compelled to extend its laws over
j this territory, and the cost in executing and en-
i forcing them was considerable; and yet not a dollar
| of tax could be imposed on the lands there until the
, fee passed from the General Government. Some of
; the members, he apprehended, were mistaken in
{ relation to the power of taxation in his State.
They appeared to think the lands must have been
entered five years ^efoie they were taxed, but this
was not the case. By the compact between the
State and the General Government, the State of
Michigan had the power of taxing its lands so
soon as the " entry" was made. As this region
was unsettled, and most of the lands in it were
unfit for any other purpose than mining, the State
would have to sustain its jurisdiction there at great
expense, without any means derived from the
country itself. This would be very unjust on the
part of the General Government, and he believed
no gentleman conversant with all the facts, would
throw the slightest obstacle in the way of the pas-
sago of this bill. Its provisions were not such as he
had desired; and, had he had the framing of it, he
should have drafted an entirely different one. But
it appeared that no better could be obtained; and,
as his State was suffering from the condition in
which these lands were, he would not endanger it
by offering any amendments. He hoped no fur-
ther delay would take place in its consideration,
but that the House would dispose of it at once.
It would add much to the revenues of the Govern-
ment, and would be of great benefit and advantage
to his own State.
Mr. McCLERNAND said this subject had en-
gaged the consideration of Congress at the last ses-
sion, and much contrariety of opinion had been
then expressed, especially m this House. The bill
now under consideration was from the Senate, to
which the Committee on Public Lands had proposed
the amendment immediately under debate. The
Senate and House propositions very much differed.
The Senate was much more favorable, quite too fa-
j vorable, to the holders of leases and permits to the
I mineral lands. The House proposition was moie
| favorable to the public at large and to the revenue.
! The Senate bill not only recognised the validity of
! the leases and permits which had been issued by
; the War Department without authority of law, but
' it proposed to extend the system to a new class of
; applicants, whose number and merits were un-
| known. It proposed to extend to this new swarm
| a mass of cases for what seemed to be indefinite
i quantities of land. It also proposed to extend the
I leases of present lessees for another term of three
years. This was unwise, to say the least of it.
Why extend privileges in this case withheld in all
others? The Senate bill also allowed all persons
i holding lands, under color of authority from the
| War Department, to take the extent of their leases
! at the price of $1 25 per acre, and, if they choose,
j a quantity as small as forty acres at $2 50 per acre.
> In other words, the effect of the bill is to allow
j such lands as are not held by leases to be hereafter
| encumbered by leases, to grant a pre-emption to
I such persons, thus monopolizing the whole mineral
: region for the term of their leases, (three years,)
! and for six months after, and ultimately to transfer
| the land to those persons at $1 25 per acre. The
, amendment proposed by the Committee on Public
| Lands contemplates very different enactments: It
requires that the holders of leases and permits shall
| take the full extent of their claims at not less than
I ^2 50 per acre; they are not to be allowed to take
less; but they must have faithfully complied with
' alltheconditionsoftheirleases. Occupants,too,not
i holding leases, are allowed to purchase not less
i than a section at the same price, upon paying the
same rents for the use of the lands demanded of
lessees. The occupant is to buy his laud before
the day appointed for the sale of the lands, and the
! lessees are required to purchase their lands before
i the expiration of the leases. Such of the lands as
5 remain upon the day of public sale are to be sold
