4T0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
gang of harpies like this, Congress was asked to
giveaway a mineral region worth more to this Gov-
ernment, in its actual cash proceeds, than the whole
of the public lands put together.
Yet gentlemen got up and represented the lands
as worth little or nothing, and insisted that the
Government would realize more by selling them on
preemption for $2 50, than by holding them up to
public competition. He had been closely watching
the movements here. He would see a gentleman
here rise and say a few words in favor of the bill,
and then another there would follow suit, and then
another would pop up and cry " previous ques-
tion !" When he saw the gentleman from Maine
yesterday, [Mr. Hamlin,] rising to make a little
speech for a bill like this, he was quite sure it was
destined to pass. It must carry; he was aware of
that; and he only lamented his own incapacity
more fully to expose the true nature of the bill.
He was exposed to great disadvantage from an
embarrassment he could not tlnow off. It was al-
ways with the greatest pain that he addressed the
House, and never without a violent struggle with
his constitutional averseness to speaking in a pub-
lic assembly. He had endeavored to do his duty,
and must now let things take their course,
Mr. GORDON proposed an amendment to the
third section of the bill, and was understood to say
that that feature of it was precisely the same with
the Wisconsin bill.
Mr. CHIPMAN reminded Mr. Morris that
there bad been a graduation feature in the Wyan-
dot bill, which that gentleman so warmly advoca-
ted, and without any regard to the improvements
in the land nt all.
Mr. MORRIS replied, and explained.
Mr. M. asked whether it would be in order now
to move that the consideration ot' the bill be post-
poned till Monday ?
The CHAIR said that the House had refused
that motion.
Mr. MORRIS moved that it be postponed to
Tuesday.
Mr. HAMLIN briefly defended the grounds on
which he hud advocated and should vote for this
bill. Those who were now settled on the lands
were, in his judgment, greatly preferable to a class
of speculators, who wanted to get hold of them
merely for purposes of gain. The opposition to
the bill came from speculators alone, and if they
should get hold of the lands, the Government
would not receive anything like the same amount
of money from them as under the present hill.
And though he hated to fall, as he should doubtless
do, under the severe displeasure of the gentleman
from Ohio, for whom lie entertained great respect,
yet he must conclude by moving the previous
question.
The question being put, the previous question
was seconded.
The motion to postpone to Monday was rejected.
The question was next stated on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Vixtojj to the amendment of
the committee, and it was agreed to.
The question was next taken on Mr. Gordon's !
amendment, to strike out in the third section the i
words " two dollars and fifty cents," and insert,
in lieu theieof, "five dollars;" which was also
agreed to.
And the question was then put, Will thaHouse
agree to the said amendment reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, as amended? and de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to reconsider the
vote on agreeing to the amendment moved by Mr.
Gordon.
The question was put and agreed to.
And the question recurred on agreeing to the
said amendment moved by Mr. Gordon; and,
being put, it was decided in the negative. ' .
The amendment (from the committee) was then
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time to-day.
The bill was accordingly read a third time and
passed.
The title to the said bill was read; when
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend the same
so as to read: "An act to establish a land office in
the northern pait of Michigan, and to provide for
the sale of the mineral lands in the State of Michi-
gan;'' which motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCLTCLLAND moved that the vote upon
the passage of the said bill he reconsidered, and
moved the previous question, which was seconded;
and, under its operation, the House refused to re-
consider.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
joint resolution supplemental to the resolution di-
recting the manner in which the printing of Con-
gress shall be executed, fixing the prices thereof,
and providing for the appointment of a printer or
printers, reported from the select committee on the
9j.h of December, 1845.
The question being on its engrossment, it was,
oil motion, laid on the table.
The bill to repeal the twentieth and part of the
twenty-lirst sections of the act to change the organi-
zation of the Post Office Department, and to pro-
vide more effectually for the settlement of the ac-
counts thereof, approved 2d July, 1836, reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads on the 14th March last, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time to-day, and was
engrossed accordingly, read a third time, and pass-
ed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill relative to the mileage of members of
Congress, reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the 17th March last, with amendments;
the question being on agreeing to a motion made
by Mr. G. W. Jones to amend said amendments;
when it was, on motion, laid upon the table.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill creating a collection district in Maine, and con-
stituting Bangor, in said district, a port of entry
and delivery, reported from the Committee onCom-
i merce on the Gtli of April last.
; The question being stated, viz: Shall the said
bill be engrossed ?
Mr. SAWTELLE said: The bill under consid-
eration contemplates a change in the collection
district of Belfast, or rather the creation of a new
district, to be composed of a part of the district as
at present constituted and established. And here
allow me (said Mr. S.) to leniark, that this is not
a new and untried project to divide this collection
district. A bill was reported to the House of Rep-
resentatives at the last Congress, of which, I be-
lieve, this is a mere copy, and, strange to say, it
passed this branch of the National Legislature; but
when it was introduced into the other end of the
Capitol, and there received a more thorough in-
spection and examination, it was at once rejected
by the Senate, and consigned to its natural grave.
A n effort was again made at the commencement of
the present Congress to change the port of entry
and delivery from Belfast to "Bangor, and it was
shown, to the satisfaction of your committee, who
had the subjeet under consideration, that it was
' impolitic to make the change; and now, forsooth,
this old soldier is once more galvanized into life,
and presented to our notice. I ask gentlemen to
examine this collection district as at present con-
stituted; its geographical position, and the territory
embraced within its present limits; and then say
whethci they will cut, carve, and mangle, an old,
long-established, and well-regulated district, with-
out some good and sufficient cause being shown for
so doing.
The district is now not large, but small, close
and compact, and has its port of entry at Belfast,
which is one of the most thriving, flourishing
towns in New England, situated upon one of the
most beautiful bays in the world, which is not in-
ferior in magnificence to the bay of Naples, and
accessible at all seasons of the year for ships of
any class or magnitude, surrounded by several
ports of delivery, where deputy collectors now re-
side, who are authorized to'enter and clear vessels
coastwise, and whose business relations all con-
centrate at Belfast as its common centre. And
besides, a deputy collector is established at Frank-
fort, which is thirteen miles below Bangor, and
by which place all vessels sailing up and down the
Penobscot river must necessarily pass, who is also
authorized and empowered to clear vessels to for-
eign ports, to receive the manifests of vessels ar-
riving from foreign ports, administer oaths, make
all necessary papers, and who can do all acts
which the collector himself may or can do. In
fact, the deputy collector at Frankfort has plenary
powers with the collector; so that the shipping
merchants at Bangor, or elsewhere upon the river
above Frankfort, are not obliged to go to Belfast
to transact business at the cusiom-house, unless
they choose to do so. Such is the district as it
now exists; and it is proposed to divide the same,
and make Bangor a separate port of entry and de-
livery.
Whefe is Bangor? Sir, I will tell you. It is
the uppermost town in the district upon the Pe-
nobscot, at the head of navigation; which river,
during five months in the year, is literally sealed
in ice, when there is no water communication
whatever with the bay or sea, and, during which
period, you might as well, for all useful purposes
at least, locate a port of entry upon the top peak
of the Blue Ridge, where the mountain bird of my
honorable friend from Virginia rested to gaze at
the storm in his onward flight to Oregon, as to
make Bangor a port of entry"!
I assert, what I presume will not be contradicted
by my honorable colleague, who so ably repre-
sents the Penobscot Congressional district, [Mr.
Hamlin,] that even now, much of the lumber
which is manufactured at Bangor, and intended for
the West India market, is rafted down to Frank-
fort in the summer and fall, and ia shipped from
the latter place after the river closes, because the
former is totally inaccessible by water during the
winter. Sir, did I believe that the real wants of
the business portion of community called for this
change, I would not raise my voice against it; but,
sir, they ask for no such thing. Are not all then-
reasonable wants fully answered now ? Why then
disturb this old district without cause, and espe-
cially as no one is to be essentially benefited
thereby? You might with as much propriety di-
vide almost any and every collection district m
Maine. Why not with equal justice make Au-
gusta, Hallowed, and Gardiner, towns upon the
Kennebec river, and now embraced within the
Bath district, separate ports of entry? or divide
the district of Waldoboro, which has three rivers
within its limits? Why not make Brooklyn or
Jersey city, now embraced within the district of
New York, ports of entry ? or multiply your cus-
tom-houses at eveiy point upon your rivers above
Mobile ?
Sir, my people are opposed to the creation of al!
new offices, unless imperious necessity calls for
their establishment. But if a change is to be
made and a new collection district is to be formed,
the port of entry and delivery should not be loca-
ted at Bangor, but at Frankfort, which is at the
head of winter navigation on the Penobscot river,
and where the principal part of the business must
at all seasons of the year necessarily be transacted.
Mr. S. moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole, where it might pass the
ordeal of all bills of similar character, and express-
ed a hope that the motion would prevail, as he
desired to discuss the merits of the bill more fully,
if merits it had, and he could not believe that the
same would receive the favorable action of the
committee; at any rate it ought not to receive the
sanction of the House before it had been subjected
to the examination of the committee.
Mr. HAMLIN replied, and urgently advocated
the bill, and concluded by moving the previous
question, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered and put, viz: Shall the bill be
engrossed and read a third time to-day? (the mo-
tion to recommit being set aside by the previous
question,) and decided in the affirmative.
The said bill was then read a third time and
passed.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of a joint resolution relative to the printing and dis-
tribution of an additional number of the Journals
of Congress; the question being on its engross-
ment. °
It was, on motion, laid on the table.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to extend the privilege granted by the
seventh section of the act of March, 1845, to the
town ofWhitehall, New York.
The said bill being engrossed, it was read a third
time and passed.
The House then took up the bill to regulate the
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes in the
Territory of Oregon, and to preserve peace and
cultivate friendship with and among the said In-
dians, reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the 21st of April last, with amendments.
The question was stated on agreeing to said
amendment; when it was, on motion, laid on the
table.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the joint resolution presenting the thanks of
