1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'471
well, Horace Greeley, and John Windt, praying that certain
public vessels may be employed in transpoiting provisions
to the famishing people of Ireland.
IN SENATE.
Mondays February 22* 1847.
- The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following letter; which was read:
Senate Chamber, February 29,1847.
Sir : In order that the vacancy in the Board of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution, which will be occasioned by
the termination of my term of office as a Senator, may be
provided for at the present session of Congress, I hereby
signify to you my resignation as a member of that Board.
I have the honor to be3 with gieat respect, your obedient
servant, GEO. EVANS.
To the Hon. George M. Dallas,
Vice President, fyc.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to fill the vacancy in the Board
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, caused
by the resignation of Mr. Evans.
Mr. Pearce was appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following letter; which was read:
To the honorable Senate of the United States:
An article appeared ill the Union on t!ie 9th of February,
signed££ Vindicator,''wlneli gave i ise to a discussion m the
Senate, and, finally, the adoption of a resolution excluding
the editors of the ITmon fro'n the privilege of adun^ion to
the floor of the Senate Ci'amlirr.
Having he?u absent from the city during the whole time,
and not being one ol the edilois, but simply one of the pio-
prietors and the business partner, 1 rcp.etfullybcg leave to
inquire whether I am to be inc'uded m the resolution re-
ferred to > Very respectfully, &c., &c.,
JOHN P. IJEISS,
Printer to the Senate.
Washington, February 22,1847.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER, in presenting a petition from
fifteen hundred citizens of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying the adoption of pacific measures for ter-
minating the war with Mexico, said that it would
have been easy to have obtained ten times the
number of signatures appended to this memorial.
If he understood anything of the general sentiment
pervading all parts of the countiy, theie did exist
a very decided desire that the war with Mexico
should be brought to a speedy and honorable ter-
mination. The petition was then, on Mr. W.'s
motion, laid upon the table.
Mr. BREESE! presented a preamble and reso-
lution, passed by the Legislature of the State of
Illinois, instructing the Senators, and requesting
the Representatives of that State in Congress, to
use their exertions to procure the adjustment and
payment, by the United States, of tiie claims for
advances to the troops in the Illinois campaign,
under the command of General George Rogers
Clark, in 1778 and 1779; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a resolution, passed by the same Legisla-
ture, instructing the Senators, and requesting the
Representatives from Alabama, to use their exer-
tions to procure a grant of land to aid in the com-
pletion of the Northern Cross and Central railroad
m that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on PublicLands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of New York, praying
the establishment of a bureau of hydrography and
longitude; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CILLEY presented a petition of citizens of
New Hampshire, praying the adoption of pacific
measures for terminating the war with Mexico;
■which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. MASON presented a preamble and resolu-
tions, passed by the General Assembly of the State
of Virginia, in favor of the adoption of vigorous
measures for the prosecution of the war with Mex-
ico, and tendering the thanks of the General As-
sembly to the President of the United States for the
iustice, firmness, and eminent ability with which
ne has conducted the war with Mexico; which
were read and ordered to be printed.
Also, a memorial of a committee of the Faculty
of the University of Virginia, praying the estab-
lishment of a bureau of hydrography and longitude;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Finance was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Martin Renehan,anditwas
referred to the Committee of Claims.
SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, (on leave,) in-
troduced a bill to authorize the relinquishment of
the sixteenth section in certain cases, and the se-
lection of other lands in lieu thereof, in the State of
Louisiana, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom had been referred the bill from the House
for the relief of the legal representatives of William
Bunce, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom had been referred the
petitions of Nehemiah Brush, George Petty, and
Isaac Davenport, severally asking pensions, report-
ed adversely thereon, and the reports were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. J., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bills from the House for the relief
of William Causey, and for the relief of John Van
Slyck, reported them without amendment.
THE STATE OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee, on tbe Ju-
diciary, to whom had been referred the bill from
the House for the admission of the State of Wis-
consin into the Union, reported the same without
amendment.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TEN REGIMENTS.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the prior orders
were suspended, and the Senate resumed the con-
sideration, as in committee of the whole, of the bill
making provision for an additional number of gen-
eral officers, and for other purposes.
The question pending was upon agreeing to the
motion of Mr. Atchison, to strike out the follow-
ing from the fifth section of the bill:
"And that the rrosident be, and lie is heieby, fuitber au-
thorizcd to fill by u'gular promotion, or oau'-e election's to he
held, to fill vacancies of regimental 01 company uft\ccn , oc-
casioned by (loath or icsi^natuni, or other cati>e, ih the sev-
eral volunteer re^imentb or coi |>n now m the borvico o( tho
United State* m Mexico, or which may be received during
the existing war with Mexico, and to commission the ofh-
ce s for the same."
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, it appeared to him
that the remarks which fell from the Senator from
Missouri, when he offered this amendment, weie
entitled to great consideration. The bill provided
that the President should fill any vacancies which
might occur in the officers of the volunteer compa-
nies by appointments of his own. Wc had ac-
cepted the services of these volunteers as they
were organized by the State authorities. If we
were to ingraft in this bill a provision giving the
President authority to appoint officers to fill vacan-
cies which might occur, there would be an incon-
gruous mixture of Federal and State officers in the
same companies, which would be destructive to
their harmony. As we had accepted the volun-
teers as they were organized by the States, it ap-
peared to him that vacancies should also be filled
by the State authorities. They were generally
from the western portion of the country, and the
Governors could make the appointments whenever
they were required.
Mr. DIX inquired of the Senator from Mis-
souri what provision he intended to propose as a
substitute if this clause was stricken out, or how
were the vacancies to be tilled ?
Mr. ATCHISON said he proposed to substitute
nothing. He had made an admission on Satur-
day which he now desired to take back. He had
said it was expedient. He would now say he did
not think it was. The President had now the
power to call on the State Governors to fill the
vacancies by election, or otherwise, and it could be
done as speedily as if the President made the
appointments, and perhaps more so. When a
captaincy became vacant, the colonel could fill,
according to seniority. His duty required that, in
such a case, lie should issue a commission to the
first lieutenant. If it was to be done by election,
he could order the company to proceed to elect.
There was no necessity for any substitute. Should
a vacancy occur in the Missouri regiment, the
Governor should be notified,and he could have the
election made as soon as the President could.
There was no occasion to confer any power.
Mr. DIX expressed his entire willingness that
the subject should take such direction as the Sen-
ate might choose to give it. He had felt some dif-
ficulty on the subject when the bill came first under
his consideration. He suggested, however, that
the provision was in accordance with a precedent,
to which he referred.
A short debate ensued, (of which indisposition
prevented the reporter from taking notes,) in which
Messrs. WEBSTER, CRITTENDEN, MORE-
HEAD, CALHOUN, and HUNTINGTON, sup-
ported the proposition of Mr. Atchison, and Mr.
BUTLER and Mr. CASS opposed it.
Mr. MOREHEAD asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
strike out, and decided in the affirmative:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Badger, Ber-
rien, Breese, Calhoun, CiIley,Thos. Clayton, John M. Clay-
ton, Corwm, Crittenden, Davi«, Dayton, Evans, Greene,
Ilannegan, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana*
Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Husk, Simmons, and
Wcb>tei—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Bright, ButJer,
Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, J)ix, Fairfield, Mason, Ntles,
Sevier, Soul6, Sturgeon, Turney, and Westcott—17.
Mr. DIX moved to amend the bill, by adding: a
new section, providing that the President may bre-
vet such of the non-commissioned office) s as shall
particularly distinguish themselves, upon the rec-
ommendation of the commanding officer of the regi-
ment, and attach them to companies, with the rank
and pay of second lieutenants, provided that not
more than one shall be attached to each com-
pany.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out " upon the recommendation
of the commanding officer of the regiment," so as
to leave it altogether to the President to judge of
the propriety of granting; the distinction upon such
evidence as he may receive, without tying; him
down to the certificate of the colonel of the regi-
ment.
Mr. CAMERON moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " commanding officer of the
regiment," and inserting 44 captain of the compa-
ny."
Mr. DIX expressed a hope that the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania would not pre-
vail.
Mr. WEBSTER thought that if it was to be
confined to one individual in a company, the cap-
tain of the company would he most likely to know
who was the meritorious individual, as the colonel
was not always present with every company.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said the power was too
great to be conferred on the captain. The circum-
stances which would entitle an individual to a
brevet could not be done in a corner, but would be
known to all his comrades, and must reach the
commanding officcr. He hoped the amendment
would not prevail; and if not, he would move an
amendment to embrace every soldier who exhibit-
ed extraordinary gallantry so far as to give him a
certificate of merit, entitling him, not to rank, but
to additional pay.
Mr. CAMERON contended that additional pay
would be no inducement. There were many indi-
viduals to be found in the ranks capable of com-
manding a regiment, and to these honor of promo-
tion would be far more than a few dollars. Every
one looked to promotion. He hoped the amend-
ment alluded to by the Senator from Kentucky
would not prevail.
After a few words from Mr. CALHOUN, Mr.
WESTCOTT, and Mr. DIX, the amendment of
Mr. Westcott "was negatived.
The amendment of Mr. Cameron was also ne-
gatived.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved to amend the
amendment, by adding the following, which was
agieed to:
"And when any private soldier shall so distinguish him-
self, the President may, in like manner, grant him a certifi-
cate ot meut, which shall entitle him to an increase of pay
at the rate of two dollars per month."
Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the amendment
! by striking out the proviso, limiting the number
] of non-commissioned officers who shall be brevet-
ted, to the number of companies.
| Mr. DIX explained that the section as offered
, by him would create two hundred and fifty new
officers.
The amendment of Mr. Allen was not agreed
to.
Mr. BREESE moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Dix, so as to make it apply to those who
