474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
may have already distinguished themselves, as
well as those who may hereafter do so.
Mr. DIX accepted this as a modification of his
own, and the amendment as amended was agreed
to.
No further amendment having been offered, the
bill was reported to the Senate; and the question
being upon concurring in the amendments, they
\yere concurred in with the exception of that re-
quiring all the additional officers appointed under
the bill to be discharged at the end of the war, and
that authorizing the employment of a clerk by
each paymaster in the service, at a salary of seven
hundred dollars per annum.
The question being on concurring; in the amend-
ment requiring all the additional officers under the
bill to be discharged at the end of the war,
Mr. BREESE explained, that as lie understood
some of these officers would be taken from the
ordnance corps, and as he had no desire that these ,
should be discharged at the end of the war, he had
excepted this proposition.
Mr. DIX said that the companies of artillery
would be required in time of peace to garrison our
forts. He would wish that the mounted compa-
nies should be dismounted, but not discharged at
that period. #
The amendment was then concurred in.
The question then being on concurring in the
amendment authorizing each paymaster to em-
ploy a clerk at a salary of $700,
Mr. DIX snid he had already given the reasons
for this amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON said he had listened to these
reasons but had not been convinced by them. He
referred to the number of applicants which could
be found for these offices at the low salary of
6500. - |
Mr. DIX said that the appointments were to be 1
made by the paymasters, consequently there would i
be no applicants, as they were usually taken from
the line. He alluded to the increase of duties in
consequence of the necessity of paying specie, as
rendering; the increase of salary proper.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the bill on the table,
and the motion being agreed to,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
special order.
THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate then, on motion by Mr. SEVIER,
resumed the consideration, as in committee of the
whole, of the bill making further appropriation to
bring the existing war with Mexico to a speedy
and honorable conclusion.
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON rose and said that ;
he desiied to ask a word of explanation from the '
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] relative to :
the letter of Mr. Mark4?. In the report of the re-
ntal ks of the honorable Senator the other day, on ;
that subject, it was stated that "it was important i
to notice that the following significant paragraph m I
the letter to Mr. Buchanan was not published : '
Independently of inv pntsonal services, I have travelled J
at my own expense, disbuiMiig upwards of two thousand i
dollars."" ]
He (Mr. C.) desiied to know if the honorable .
Senator had made that statement after having him- ;
self seen the letter in question in the Department ;
of State ? I
Mr. CA.SS said he would reply after the Sena- :
tor from Louisiana had concluded.
Mr. CLAYTON. Very well. I had no desire j
to interrupt the honorable Senator, whom I under- |
stood as yielding, in order to allow this explana- 1
tion. „ :
Mr. SOULE hoped it would not be considered :
a rash attempt on his part that he should presume
to address the Senate on the momentous questions ;
brought into debate here by the bill under consid- '
erntmn. He was aware of the difficulty of the ;
undertaking*, and he would not have committed j
himself to if, if he had been at liberty to consult i
his own feelings and his own inclinations. But i
an insuppressable sense of duty demanded that he j
should iay before the .Senate, and, through the i
Senate, befoie his constituents, what were his 1
opinions and views in relation to these matters in j
which the State ho had the honor to represent in ;
part was so deeply interested. He felt bound to j
obey that sacred feeling, and he now proceeded to I
the task. j
We are at war; and the bill before the Senate !
demanded an appropriation of thres millions of J
dollars, with the view to enable the Executive t
power to bring that war to a speedy and honorable
termination. Congress had not hesitated to pro-
vide such appropriations as had enabled the Gov-
ernment to prosecute the war, and to carry it into
the very heart of Mexico; why, then, was resist-
ance made to this further appropriation, on the
ground that the war is unjust, iil-timed, unpro-
voked, and unconstitutional; that it is the Presi-
dent's war, and not the war of the people; and
therefore that we ought either to deny these new
subsidies, or so to qualify them, as<to bear upon
that policy which the Government may deem it
proper to adopt in relation to the war? He wished
to ascertain what was the true position of the Gov-
ernment in relation to these momentous matters.
He wanted to feel the pulse of its policy, in order
that his vote might be predicated upon truth—upon
a due appreciation of the merits of the war, and of
the circumstances under which it was brought
about.
He wanted to inquire into the causes of the war—
into its merits, its character, its probable termina-
tion.
First, as to the causes of the war. They were
two-fold. There were remote causes. There were
immediate causes.
As to the latter, there could be but little difficulty.
With regard to the former, it was not so easy to
reconcile the minds of those who studied them.
He believed that the remote causes of the existing
difficulties between Mexico and the United States,
were to be sought in the character of our institu-
tions—in that indestructible principle of the right
of a nation to govern itself. It could not be denied
that the annexation of Texas to this Confederacy
was the only cause of the war. From the day that
Texas was annexed, Mexico regarded the United
States with the eye of an enemy. She regarded
the whole of Texas as her property. Distracted,
worn out, incapable of defending her own dignity,
as she was, Mexico ceased not to have her eye
upon Texas, and proclaimed to the woild that she
never would surrender her dominion over that ter-
ritory.
The honorable gentleman then entered into an
elaborate historical review of the various questions
connected with the limits and annexation of Texas.
He showed that Texas had always maintained the
Rio Grande as her boundary, and that it was with
that boundary that she had come into the United
State. Texas came into the United States with
her boundaries unchanged, and without any modi-
fication of her geographical physiognomy. The
claim of Mexico extended to the whole of Texas.
She never intended to surrender an inch of that prov-
ince; and if she was iig;ht about the space between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande, she was equally
right as to the space between the Nueces and the
Sabine.
Well, then, were the United States at liberty to
surrender a portion of that territory? Why, that
would have been a flagrant violation of the implied
contract which the joint resolutions of Congress
had completed. Could the President of the United
States take upon himself the responsibility of such
an assumption as that Texas, after becoming; one
of the United States, had ceased to have her limits
up to the Rio Grande? He could nor. And if he
could not surrender any part, of that territory, how
could it be that this was the President's war?
The honorable gentleman then proceeded to nar-
rate the circumstances connected with the military
operations on the frontier of Texas previous to the
battles of the 8th and 9th of May, to show that
the measures of the Executive had been wise and
justified by the circumstances. Paredes came into
power with the avowed intention of prosecuting
hostilities against the United States; and was it to
be supposed that the Executive of the United
States was to remain a passive spectator of what
was going on on the frontier of the Rio Grande?
Still, he only gave his orders to General Taylor
on the 13th of January, and it was two months
afterwards when General Taylor left his camp at
Corpus Chnsti. Was it known in Washington
that such an order had been issued ? Was it a
mystery? No. They had been told by the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware [Mr. John M.
Clayton] thathe was cognizant of the fact as early
as the middle of January. He imparted that in-
formation to the honorable and distinguished Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun.] Thus
it was known. Well, what took place ? Clearly
the order was considered as having something se-
rious in it—something that might lead to moment-
ous consequences; for the honorable Senator from
Delaware came over to his (Mr. S.'s) side of the
Senate, and imparted the fact to the honorable
Senator from South Carolina as something entitled
to the most serious consideration. Now, sir, I
dare to assert, that upon such a communication,
a statesman whose whole course of public life has
been stamped with all the characteristics of a
most powerful mind and an unsuspected purity *
would not have hesitated to stop the President, if
he had considered that fhe dangers which after-
wards have been seen were involved in such an
order. He had before his eye that mysterious re-
lation which exists between the destinies of the
United States and the destinies of Mexico; he had
before him the authority of the Constitution. He
could not, would not, have surrendered the one
nor the other: he did not. But he had good rea-
sons, and gave good reasons, why he should not
have acted. He was then so situated that his in-
terposition in a matter of this kind might, in some
respects, have affected his influence in another
matter of most serious importance. But that reason
could not have actuated the honorable Senator
from Delaware.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to inform him that, at the time when I felt
myself, as I said the other day, utterly powerless
in the Senate, being one of a minority, I did make
an attempt to have the subjcct introduced into the
other House of Congress. I mentioned the sub-
ject to a distinguished gentleman of the other
House of the National Legislature, and he did,
on the 3d of February of that year, make all the
movement which was in his power, in order to
obtain intelligence in relation to this subject, and,
if possible, to arrest the proceedings of the Exe-
cutive in regard to the march of the army to the
Rio Grande. I call the attention of the honorable
Senator to the recoid:
"House of Representatives, Jouraal of last session, tt.b 3.
" Mi. Ash.mun (by leave) offered the following resolution;
which was lead and laid on the table one d tv under the rule :
u Resolved, That the President of the United States he
requested to communicate to the House of Representatives
any infoimation m hi? possession not heretofoie communi-
cated which affects the relations existing between the Uni-
ted States and the republic of Mexico, and panicularly
whether the army oi navy of the United States, or any part
of either, lias been ordeied to move tow.uds that republic,
and what occurrences have come to the knowledge of the
President to requne such a movement."
I will now show him how powerless a motion of
the same character would probably, nay certainly
would have been in this body. The Senator will
pardon me for reading from the speech of the gen-
tleman who introduced the resolution in the other
House. [The honorable Senator here read from
the specc-h of Mr. Ashmun, whose resolution was
rejected in the House by a largo majority.]
Mr. SOULE proceeded. The honorable Sena-
tor has still further fortified my position. Sir, my
position is this, that in January, 1846, it was gen-
erally known that General Taylor had been oidercd
ed to take post on the eastern bank of the Rio
Grande.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. Not generally known.
Mr. SOULE. The gentleman says it was not
generally known. I presume to assert that it was
generally known in Congress. I may presume to
state, that while the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware came to this side of the Senate and communi-
cated the fact to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, it is more than probable that he did not
remain silent amongst his own political friends.
One of two things, then, must follow: the Sena-
tor must have considered either that this march to
the Rio Grande was not such as would endanger
the peace either of Mexico or of the United States;
or he must have come to the conclusion that if it
should, it would be the fault of Mexico, otherwise
how could the Senator justify himself for his si-
lence? An attempt was made in the other House?
Why was not that attempt made in the Senate.
And if made, who can say what would have been
the result of the attempt? What 1 want to state
here is this : that although the Government did not
think proper to lay before the world the intended
movements of the army, yet gentlemen knew it;
they had it from some sourcc, and an attempt was
made to lay it before the other House. It might
have been laid before this House. We have an ex-
planation why one of the distinguished Senators
did not act. He had ample reasons. He justified
