1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
allowing for change of time and circumstances,
the same definition might fit it now. [Mr. Inger-
soll here lead a passage from Lord Bolingbroke,
giving to the Whig party, according to their views,
high praise as the true friends of liberty and their
country.] A description is given, by the same
eloquent writer, of the opposite pajty, which might
be regarded as somewhat too severe in its applica-
tion to the corresponding majority of the present
day. Mr. Dexter, when candidate for Governor
of Massachusetts, in the war of 1812, published a
letter, in which this matter was well explained.
[Mr. Ingersoll here read a portion of Mr. Dex-
ter's publication.] With full liberty to discuss
measures, and with the characteristic decorum of
gentlemen, it is the duty of legislators to speak
with candor in relation to men", even though the
enemy may overhear the observations.
It had been smd that the war was wrong, and that
a support of what was wrong could not" be right.
To this, there were various answers. Wrong^is a
relative term. In one sense, all merely human
things are wrong1. It has grown into a proverb,
unless a superintending Providence shape our ends,
we all are prone to evil. It is no objection to a
measure, that it is imperfect, or nothing would
pass the fiery ordeal. It had escaped perhaps the
attention of those by whom this argument was
used, that things wrong in their inception, may
become right when adopted. Moial writers lay
this down as an irrefragable rule. Rutherforth
illustrates it by the familiar case. Obedience to
parents, is a duty. A son of full age marries
against, the wishes of his parent. Tiie act may
have been wrong, but the marriage is nevertheless
good. Gentlemen will pardon a reference to high
classical authority. The Trojan war was caused
by a most flagrant act of national and individual
wrong. A beautiful queen was stolen and carried
off from her royal husband. The princes of Greece
assembled in all the pomp of war to revenge the
insult, and redress the wiong. Not a Trojan was
found ready to abandon his country. The gallant
sons of Priam, one and all united, to sustain the
war. Even Hector, the faithful husband and pat-
tern of domestic purity, fought the battle to the
death. Popular sympathy, too, could not properly
be neglected. There were warmer impulses in the
minds of the people, than calculation could create.
The war itself might or mi^htnot be popular. That
was not the question. Friends and brothers are in
the field [Mr. Ixckrsoll was frequently in-
terrupted by inquiries and suggestions. His hour
was terminated m the midst of them. It was im-
possible to catch even the spirit of them, and much
less their language, so as to furnish a correct re-
port.]
Mr. DARRAGH next obtained the floor. He
said that he had often heard it said that this House
was well adapted for all purposes of Iigislation ex-
cept that of hearing, and he had also heard it re-
marked, that there were certain seats in the Hall
that answered the purposes of whispering galleries,
and conveyed the voice to any other part of the
House than the Speaker's desk. He rather im-
agined that he occupied a seat of this kind; for du-
ring the debate on the three million bill and the
Wilmot proviso, he had, from the opening of the
'debate, made several desultory attacks on the Chair,
in order to obtain the floor; and for the last two
days of the debate, he devoted fourteen mortal
hours m the fruitless endeavor to catch the eye of
the Chairman of the committee. These circum-
stances were mentioned m no spirit of complaint
against the gentleman who occupied the chair on
that occasion, but as an apology for availing him-
self of this bill to give the reasons for his vote on
the three million bill.
"Mr. D. then said, that he was amazed at the in-
difference with which the amendment proposed to
the three million bill by his colleague [Mr. Stew-
art] had been received. The bill authorized the
President to pay the three millions as soon as he
Should make a treaty with Mexico. The amend-
ment proposed that the money should not be paid
until the treaty was ratified, not only by Mexico,
but also by the United States.
This amendment had been voted down by the
friends of the President, and yet no one had at-
tempted to explain why this reasonable and proper
amendment had been rejected. Even with the
"Wilmot proviso, the most redeeming quality m the
bill, it gives to the President a power which the
Constitution has denied to him. In truth, it invests
him with the treaty-making power; whereas* the
Constitution has placed that high power in the
President by and with the consent of two-thirds
of the Senate. This bill takes this right from the
Senate; the President gets the three millions; you
authorize him to pay it to Santa Ana or some other
of the bribed, when Mexico agrees to a treaty; not,
! as the Constitution requires, when it is ratified by
both parties—the United States as well as Mexico.
You have authorized the President to make what-
ever treaty he chooses. He may bargain off Ore-
gon for California, and give the three millions to
boot. He is authorized to pay the money when
Mexico makes the treaty; and although he is
bound to submit the treaty to the Senate, he will
say to that body, You have told me the money—I
have a treaty—paid the money, and you must rat-
ify this treaty, or lose the three millions. Sir, in
effect you have taken from the Senate the treaty-
making power, and given it to the President exclu-
sively.
Mr. Chairman, my colleague, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. C. J.
Intcersoll,] told us that the illustrious names of
John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and John Jay,
gave sanction to the doctrine of property m slaves;
and he was pleased to add, that these great and
good men were northern men with southern prin-
ciples. He supposed, that because the treaty of
Paris, of 1783, which terminated the revolution-
ary war, in its seventh article, provided that Great
Britain should surrender her captured prisoners,
u negroes and other properly," that these distin-
guished patriots and statesmen did, individually,
recognise slaves as property. Now let us look at
the facts. In the first Congress, 1774, they twice
resolved that slavery was an evil, and against the
slave trade. The slave States asked for the pro-
tection of their slave property; and in a spirit of
compromise, the Confederation of 1783 recognised
it, and afterwards, in 1789, the present Constitu-
tion lecognised it, though never justified it.
In April, 1781, the old Confederation passed a
resolve that for the purpose of supporting the Con-
tinental troops, taxes should be assessed on the
citizens of the colonies, except Indians, and tico-
fiflhs of all other persons. This was in April, 1783,
and the treaty of Paris was executed m the follow-
ing September; so that John Adams, Benjamin
Franklin, and John Jay, m signing the treaty, had
before them the resolve of the Confederation in the
previous April.
My colleague, who is, or ought to be, rich and
abundant in historic lore—for he has attempted the
annals of the last war—has avoided adverting to
the general character of Benjamin Franklin on this
very subject of slavery. He represents in part the
adopted city of that philosopher and statesman;
and has he forgotten, or is he ignorant of the fact,
that Benjamin Franklin was the first anti-slavery
man in the United States ?—that Benjamin Frank-
lin established and organized the first anti-slavery
society m Pennsylvania, or the United States?—
that he was its first President?—that it was a dar-
ling purpose of the last years of his life ?—that with
his own proper hand he drew the memorial to the
General Assembly of Pennsylvania, which resulted
in the act for the gradual abolition of slavery
throughout the State, and which has rid the Com-
monwealth from this moral, social, and political
curse ?
Sir, it should be some other gentleman than a
representative from Pennsylvania, that should be
excused for such gross eiror, as to denominate
Benjamin Franklin asa ''northern man with south-
ern principles." Five of my colleagues have op-
posed the amendment known as the Wilmot pro-
viso. Are they sure that they truly represent the
people of the State, or of their own immediate con-
stituents? Sir, I believe they do neither. Theseare
the northern men with southern principles—and
at their head is the chairman of the Foreign Re-
lations. A few days since the popular branch of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania spoke in an unan-
imous voice m favor of the proviso and against the
extension of slavery. In the State Senate, a very
feeble nay or two against the House resolves,
clearly indicate the opinion of the whole people of
the State.
Gentlemen call this an abolition movement.
Let me ask, what is to be abolished ? If territory
is to be acquired by means of the three millions,
the Wilmot proviso provides that slavery shall not
be tolerated in such acquired territory. Now, sir,
there is no slavery there to abolish. Slavery exist®
not in Mexico; it is prohibited by law; the object
of the proviso, therefore, is not to abolish slavery,
but to prevent its recognition and establishment.
The proviso is but following in the wake of the
ordinance of 1787—a statute enacted and sanction-
ed by the wisest and best men of that time—by
the men of the Revolution—and voted for by the
slave States of that day. "What has been the re-
sult of that act? Why, sir, you have Ohio, Indi-
ana, Illinois, Iowa, and soon will have Wiscon-
sin, as free and independent States. So, too, if we
are to acquire more territory, let us speak as did
the men of 1787, and say to all coming time, that
slavery" or involuntary servitude shall not be per-
mitted to exist m such acquired territory.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] says that we have no constitutional au-
thority to pass this proviso; and he has read Mr.
Madison, to show that the ordinance of 1787 was
unconstitutional. The Constitution did not go into
operation until 1789, two years after the ordi-
nance; and the gentleman will find that the eighth
act passed by the first Congress was a recognition
of the wisdom and constitutionality of the ordi-
nance of 1787. That Congress was composed of
many of the men who fiamed the Constitution,
and who had participated and had taken an emi-
nent part in the acts and the deliberations of the
confederation.
Mr. Chairman, I believe one of the reasons of
those who justify and desire to extend and perpet-
uate slavery, is the acquisition of political power.
Oregon never could be slave territory; and there-
fore it was dismembered. Texas was a slave
State; and therefore it was annexed. Sir, I heard
the other day, on the other side of the Capitol, a
distinguished southern Senator, formerly Secretary
of State, say, that when, in that department, the
project of the annexation of Texas was submit-
ted to him, he discountenanced the proposal: he
thought it was too soon—that the time had not
arrived. But he told us that about that time he
learned that a World's Convention met in London,
and a committee of that body was in communica-
tion with Lord Aberdeen, the foreign secretary, ur-
ging to bring; about an acknowledgment of the inde-
pendence ofTexas byMexico, provided the former
would abolish slavery. Thereupon he acted—in
hot haste he acted. He renewed the negotiation
with the Texan Commissioners, and hurried on to
consummation the act of annexation. It was be-
cause the institution of slavery was in danger that
he acted at all; it was to protect and defend that
institution; and now, when the North ask to arrest
the progress of this anomalous animated property,
gentlemen cry out, fanaticism, abolitionism, and
violation of the Constitution. Sir, this may do for
the South, but will scarcely receive even the coun-
tenance of the doughfaces of the North. %
I repeat, sir, the acquisition of political power,
particularly in the Senate, is the main object of
those who desire to extend the influence of slavery.
Texas has given two votes in the Senate, and
every additional State you make out of Texas,
south of latitude 36° 30', will be a slave State;
that is, every State to be made in Texas will be a
slave State, because the territory ofTexas, north
of 36° 30' is uninhabitable, and cannot be occu-
pied.
At the formation of this Government in 1789,
the free States were in the majority. How is it
now ? "Why, sir, you have fifteen slave States and
thirteen fiee; and although the thirteen free States
ha\e the majority in this House, yet in the Senate,
are out-nnmbcred by four votes. Is this fair?
The free States at the last census had a population
of ten millions freemen, the slave States only five
millions, and yet they possess the political power
of the Senate. In the North we represent persons,,
constituents; in the South they "represent property,
as slaves are called—three-fifths of their slaves are
represented in the councils of the nation. They
are, to be sure, taxed, but still two-fifths of this
slave property is untaxed.
Sir, if these slaves are property, I would be obli-
ged to somcgentlcman to tell whatkind of property.
In some of the southern States they are by law re-
garded as personal property, and on the death of
the owner they go as personal assets to the execu-
tor or administrator; in other of those States they
are looked as real estate, are subject to lein and
mortgage, and go to the heir. Again, we are told
here, that they are a mixed estate—slaves in fact,
