478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
mere property; but sufficiently animated to enable
their owners to vote on them. Sir, this slave pro-
perty qualification is not republican. As well
might the South ask to have their cotton, or tobac-
co, or rice, represented here as their slaves, if
they be mere property.
Mr. Chairman, the southern States have con-
stitutional rights, -which, as long as that instru-
ment remains as it is, must be respected. They
have the hond, but the North will hold them to its
terms. The time has ariived when the North has
set her honest and bold face against the strides or
inroads of this worst feature of the feudalism of
the thirteenth century.
Sir, as to the bill under consideration, I have
only to say, it shall receive my vote. So far as
this bill (the bill making appropriations for the
support of the army) is concerned, it matters not
whether the war is right or wrong. Our troops
are there, and Congress should liberally provide
for their health and comfort.
Permit mc, Mr. Chairman, to say in conclusion,
that all this discussion about the proper limits of
Texas is sadly out of place. The resolutions of
annexation passed in March, 1845, provide that
the United States reserved to Congress all ques-
tions of boundary. To this Texas assented, and
Congress may fix the boundary at the Rio Grande,
at the Colorado, or the Nueces, or wherever they
please. The boundary, by act of the Texan Con-
gress, is a mere paper line. They carry it, to be I
suie, to the Rio Giande, but they might with equal I
right and propriety have carried it to San Luis Po- '
tosi, or the city of Mexico itself. I will vote for the !
three millions, if the Wilmot proviso is retained, I
though I do not like the bill as a precedent: but I i
will vote for it in the hope of giving peace to the j
people, and permitting the whole country to return j
to quiet and repose. j
Mr. PERRY took advantage of the latitude of j
debate allowed in Committee of the Whole on the !
state of the Union to present a petition from his
constituents in behalf of heland, which he sup-
ported by a brief and warm appeal to the commit-
tee.
Mr. COLLAMER next addressed the commit-
tee. He occupied his hour, and insisted, m sub-
stance, that this is a bill making appropriation of
about thirty millions of dollars, a part of which is
for arrearages now due, and for which all would
be willing to vote; but most of it is for the support
of the army in Mexico, from July next until July,
18-18, m legard to which there is much hesitation.
Every man should so vote as lie would wish the
majority to vote; otherwise, he votes factiously.
That a man 13 dissatisfied with a declaration of
war, is not alone a sufficient reason for voting
against supplies for its prosecution. Pie should
be also convinced that the withholding such sup-
plies may be done with safety to the country.
Hence, in the last war, those who voted against
supplies, voted factiously, because, had a majority
so voted, it would have laid down the country at
the feet of the enemy who were invading it: for it
must be rcmembeied, that though Congress can
declare war, yet it cannot make piact; as that can
only be done by the consent of both nations. In
the present war, however, little or no danger to
this country is apprehended from its invasion by
Mexico.
As to voting supplies to carry on the war in
Mexico, that depends ou its character, purposes,
and designs. In the progress of this session, these
have become fully developed, and are undisguised.
It is a war of conquest, by which must be under-
stood a war to acquire territory to retain. It is now
fully avowed in the message, and by the mode of
conducting the war, and by undisguised declara-
tions in both Houses, that territory is to be taken
to keep, to respond the claims on Mexico and the
expense? of the war. This is a claim without
limit; for the longer the war, and the more there
is captured, the greater the bill, and the more to be
retained. This is unlimited conqaest, and Mexico
so understands it; and hence they regard it as a
war for existence.
There should be appended to this bill a declara-
tion that we neittier' seek the dismemberment of
Mexico, nor will we hold any of her ten itory, and
will proceed in the course of capture and conquest
only to weaken her for this contest, and to pro-
duce an honorable peace. Such a declaration, made
to Mexico, to our people, and to the world, is de-
manded by every consideration we can give the
subject. The war, then, ceases to be a war of con-
quest, and the Mexicans can no more be told by
their leaders that it is war for existence, ua war of
races," nor can they excite the sympathy of the
world as a people driven to desperation, and bat-
tling for their homes, their altars, and their lives.
It is due to our own safety, as the conquest and
retention of any part of Mexico involves the ques-
tion of what is to be done with it. This raises the
question of slavery.
The South should not say the North had im-
properly started this question. It had slept quietly
until within three years past, and who then aroused
it i The South, in this manner: A few political
abolitionists at the North have insisted that the
power of the General Government should be exer-
cised to produce the abolition of slavery in the
slaveholding States, but the great body of the peo-
ple there has ever holden that the subject must
remain with the States, and that the power of the
General Government should not and could not be
constitutionally exercised on the subject. The
issue was not which way the power should be used
to strengthen or abolish it, but the issue was, shall
it be used at all on the subject. In this condition
of things the South invoked the exercise of the
power of the General Government to enlarge and
perpetuate slavery by the annexation of Texas;
and when the treaty was made the Secretary of
State, as the organ of the Government, officially,
in his letters to Mr. King, our Minister to France,
to Mr. Pakenham, the British Minister, to our
Minister to Mexico, fully avowed to the world
that Texas was to be annexed to prevent the, aboli-
tion of slavery there> and thereby to render it more
permanent here. That treaty was rejected by the
Senate; but these purposes, thws fully and officially
avowed, were accomplished by the joint, resolutions,
and hence came this war. Nov/, the South having
thus invoked the exercise of the power of the Gen-
eral Government on the subjcct of slavery, have
gone over to the political Abolitionists, and taken
part with them in the issue, and decided that such
power should be used, and it remains now to the
free States to say which way it shall be used.
Such is the way in which the North will view
this subject; and the only way in which calamity
can be averted, is by openly declaring we will take,
by war nor by treaty to conclude war, no territory
from Mexico. Should such a proviso be adopted,
then supplies might be consistently voted; but un-
less it is, then each must decide for himself whether !
he is prepared to sustain a war for unlimited con- ;
quest; which, if unsuccessful, is disgrace, and if
succcssfui, is national dismemberment and ruin.
There are, however, provisions in this bill for
which all would desire to vote; but it seems to be
the policy of the majority in this House to con-
struct all bills in such a form as to present a double
aspect, so that no Whig can vote either for or
against a bill, without being impaled on one horn
of the dilemma, and in such case I consider him at
liberty either to cast such vote as the exigency, on
the whole, will demand, or entirely to withhold his
vote, winch, if given, can have no effect, and leave
to the overwhelming majority of the dominant party
to take their own course. [These views, and oth-
ers collateral, were illustrated at length.]
Mr. N0RR1S, of New Hampshire, then obtain-
ed the floor, and on his motion the committee rose
and reported progress.
Mr. McKAY moved the usual resolution to close
the debate in Committee of the Whole on the
above bill at three o'clock to-morrow, (Tuesday,)
23d instant.
Mr. T B. KING moved to amend the resolution
by inserting the 24th instant. Disagreed to.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON moved to amend
the resolution by inserting one o'clock to-morrow,
instead of three o'clock. Disagreed to.
The resolution, as moved by Mr. McKay, was
j{ then adopted.
'! Mr. T. B. KING, by leave, from the Committee
on Naval Affans, to which was referred the Senate
bill pioviding for the building and equipment of
four naval steam-ships, reported the same with
amendments. Committed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, by consent, offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
this House by whose order the second regiment of Missis-
s'rpui riflemen were excluded from the United States bar-
racks during tlieir necessary delay m the city of New Or-
leans, and lorced to pitch thoir tents m the damp bottoms of
the river Mis?issippi at a most inclemcnt season, and for
what reasons the said regiment were excluded.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the resolution
as follows:
Whereas the President of the United States, In his an-
nual message, has announced that the war with the republic
of Mexico is to be prosecuted with a view, among other
things, " to secure an ample indemnity for the expenses of the
war" itself: therefore, in outer that Congress may know
what amount is to be demanded on this account—
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to,in-
form this House what is the total sum of expenses which
have been already incurred in said war, specifying the sev-
eral items under their proper heads, and particularly the
following:
1st. The pay of the officers and soldiers of the army,
whether regulars or volunteers.
2d. The pay of the officers and men of the navy.
3d. Tiansportation of tioops and specie for their pay.
4th. Transpoitation of ordnance, ammunition, and stores
of eveiy description, by land or water, including the hire
and puichasc of ship?, steamboats, and other vessels,
wagons, horses, and mule.*, and fi eights by them or other
means.
Sth. Purchase of arms, ammunition, provisions, and ma-
terial of all kinds, and fitting out vessels of war or trans-
ports.
6th Locs or injury or expenditure of property of all kinds
intended for seivice in said war, including vessels, arms,
horses, mules, wagons, tools, and ammunition.
After some questions of order were raised and
disposed of, but before any vote was taken,
Mr. MORRIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill concerning the penitentiary in the
District of Columbia was laid on the table on Sat-
urday last.
The motion lies over.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a question of priv-
ilege, and referring to the speech of Mr. Morris
i on the mineral land bill, in which that gentleman
< had accused the members of the Committee on the
| Public Lands with being under the influence of
; personal and private interest in reporting the bill,
inquired of that gentleman to which of the mem-
bers he had had reference?
Mr. MORRIS declined making any specifica-
tions.
! Mr. McCLERNAND then pressed him to say
j whether he had alluded to him, (Mr. McC.)
Mr. MORRIS said he acquitted that gentleman.
Mr. COLLAMER then put to him a similar in-
quiry.
Mr. MORRIS declined giving any names.
Mr. COLLAMER insisted on a categorical an-
swer, whether he meant to include him as one of
those who acted from a personal interest in the bill ?
It was easy for the gentleman to answer yea or nay.
Did he mean him >
Mr. MORRIS said, not if the gentleman dis-
claimed it.
Mr. COLLAMER said it would not do to make
a charge like this against a man, and then put him
on his disclaimer. To bring a direct charge of cor-
ruption against the members of a committee of the
House, and, when called on to specify, to reply,
"Not if the gentleman disclaims it!" Mr. C. in-
sisted, that when he was called by the appointment
of the House to discharge his pubhedutyas mem-
ber of one of its standing committees, he had a
right to be protected by the House against a charge
of direct corruption, unless the evidence was stated
on which the charge was made. The member, by
refusing to specify individuals, persisted in char-
ging corruption on every member who did not dis-
avow it. But if the gentleman meant to persist in
his charge, and directed it against Mr. C., he would
here say, that the charge was unqualifiedly and
absolutely false.
Mr. MOSELEY said that he had been present
when the speech of the gentleman was made, but,
owing to his distant position in the House, had
heard nothing of the charge advanced by him, nor
knew of it until he saw it m the report of the de-
bate in the public papers. He had there seen that
one of the members of the committee, whose seat
was near the gentleman speaking, had risen at the
time and made a positive disclaimer of all personal
interest in the lands or stock in question. The
reason he had not himself done the same was, that
he was utterly ignorant that such a charge had been
made. When he read the report his first impulse
had been to rise this morning and make a personal
explanation; but the thought immediately followed
that none who knew him would attach sufficient
importance to such a charge to justify such an in-
trusion on the time and pressing business of the
House. But, since the matter had now beln stir-
red, he was compelled to ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether, in his charge of corruption on the
