1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
committee, he meant to include him? Would the
gentleman answer explicitly, yea or nay?
Mr. MORRIS hesitating to reply—
Mr. MOSELEY pressed the inquiry upon him,
and demanded a distinct answer.
Mr. MORRIS then said that he had before sta-
- ted the reasons for his making the charge; and he
thought the House would understand who were
|the guilty parties and who were not. He would
now give the reasons why he had made the charge.
Mr. MOSELEY. "Will the gentleman state
whether he applies the charge to me personally?
He charges the members of the Land Committee
generally. Does he incude me? Yea or nay?
Mr. MORRIS. I will give the reasons why I
made the charge.
Mr. MOSELEY. Am I to understand the gen-
tleman as intimating that he will not answer?
Mr. MORRIS. I will do the gentleman no in-
justice. I did not mean him. The mineral bill
had been before the Committee on Public Lands
for some considerable time. They had it before |
them at the last session, and the bill then prepared |
disposed of the matter fairly as 1 thought. It con-
tained no preemption to occupants or lessees. At
the present session, although the committee was
composed of pretty nearly the same members, I
found quite a different state of things this session
as to the provisions put into the bill. The bill pro-
fesses to be enacted to sccurc the sale of these
lands. I am in favor of the sale of them, but I am
not willing that the whole previous policy of the ;
Government in disposing of the public lands shall i
be changed for the benefit of a particular class of j
individuals. I used in committee all the efforts I |
was capable of to prevent the bill's being reported j
as it was. At one time the committee was broken j
up by an attempt to bring certain provisions into it I
which would prevent the defrauding the Govern-
ment of millions for the benefit of a set of indi-
viduals. Seeing that I could not get provisions
inserted in the bill whieh would have done equal
justice to all, and injury to none, 1 was led to be-
lieve that some gentlemen in the committee were i
personally interested; and, on inquiry, I found such ,
to be the fact. I shall not state any names, un- j
less it is further insisted on: but I know it to be a
fact.
Mr. McCLERNAND here said, if the gentle-
man had any evidence of such being the fact, let r
him produce it.
[Great excitement prevailed in the House. Mem- ;
bers left their seats and gathered round Mr. Mor- |
ris; the members of the committee expressing in
their manner strong indignation.]
The CHAIR called to order. He would remind
gentlemen that there was a parliamentary mode of
getting at this thing, viz: by moving a resolution
for a select committee.
Mr. MOSELEY said that was the very thing he
was about to do. He meant to give the gentleman
from Ohio a fair opportunity of substantiating the
charge he had publicly preferred against his fellow-
members on the Committee on Public Lands, or of
standing convictcd of having brought an injurious
and highly opprobrious charge which he could not
prove.
Mr. M. said he had been for four sessions a
quiet observer of what was said and done m the
House; but, while he sought no elevation or noto-
riety by taking any part in public debate, he felt
his full share of individual responsibility; yet in
charges made against the entire House, he sup-
posed himself answerable only to the extent of one
two hundred and twenty-eighth part of the whole
body. But when a direct and open charge of cor-
ruption was made against a standing committee,
consisting of some nine men, the accusation came
so immediately home, that no man who felt for his
own character, the reputation of Congress, or the
honor of the country, could rest unde"r it. If the
reputations of men were thus permitted to be sap-
ped by attacks made under ground, no man would
be safe. A charge so palpable must not and should
not pass idly by. He challenged investigation.
,His own heart told him there was nothing to jus-
tify or to excuse such an accusation. Theauthor
of it must prove it, or submit to the reaction on
.himself. Proof, proof alone, would satisfy any
'man thus openLy accused. Nothing less would sat-
isfy the constituents of any member of this House
thus assailed. He was for probing the matter to
the bottom. If corruption existed, as had been
here openly charged, let it be exposed—held up to
the light of the sun; but if not, let the charge sink
into oblivion, together with its author.
Mr. BURT said he had listened to what was
transpiring, and felt a lively sympathy with gen-
tlemen whose fair fame had been thus openly
aspersed. He had hoped that the member from
Ohio would have felt it due to himself to give a
personal direction to the general charge of corrup-
tion he had made against an entire standing com-
mittee of this House. He had expcctcd, after ma-
king such a charge, that he would have named some
member or members of the committee. It now
appeared that he had no reason for a charge so se-
rious, but simply that the members of the com-
mittee had changed their opinion as to certain
features m the mineral bill. He submitted it to
that gentleman whether a proper self-respect did
not demand of him to make his charge more ex-
plicit, and to come out and say who the guilty
member or members were : then possibly no in-
vestigation might be neccssary.
Mr. VINTON said he had understood his col-
league to say that he had made inquiries and found
the fact to be as he had stated it.
Mr. MORRIS said he had, and had found the
charge to be tiue so far as an individual was con-
cerned.
Mr. BURT hoped the gentleman would feel it
due to himself, to the remaining members of the
committee, and to the House, to say who that in-
dividual was. Ifhedidnot, then Mr. 8. trusted
some proceeding would be instituted to compel him
i to do what every consideration of ordinary justice
required at his hands.
("The excitement was intense, and cries of
" Name! name !" were heard on all sides, especial-
ly from members of the committee.]
Mr. MOSELEY then moved a resolution for
raising a select committee of inquiry.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that the resolution
should refer to the charge only as made against the
members of the committee individually, and not
against the committee for any of its acts.
Mr. MORRIS called for the reading of the res-
olution.
The resolution bavins been read—
Mr. MORRIS said he wished it made more defi-
nite, so as to state what it was he said of the mem-
ber.
Mr. MOSELEY" said he was willing to give the
gentleman from Ohio every opportunity to have
the resolution in such form as he approved.
Mr. MORRIS then suggested a further altera-
tion in the wording of the resolution.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON said the House was un-
der great excitement. He thought after a night's
sleep they would be better prepared to come to
some proper conclusion as to this unpleasant mat-
ter; and he would therefore move an adjournment.
But the House would not adjourn.
Mr. MOB.RIS was about to speak, when—
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, having spoken with him
aside, said that, from a word he had just received
from the gentleman, he was led to believe that the
whole matter would result in little or nothing, and
might be kept off the Journal by common consent.
[Cries of "No, no; never!"]
Mr. MORRIS said he would name the individ-
ual. But—
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to adjourn.
Negatived: Ayes 26, noes 40.
Mr. BUPvT said that he was sorry that no quo-
rum was present. The resolution ought to pass
this evening. He would move a call of the House.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion prevailing,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Febwiary 23, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Navy,,
transmitting seventy-five copies of the Navy Re-
gister for the use of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Bryan Cal-
laghan, praying compensation for goods destroyed
at San Antonio, in Texas, by order of an officer
in the United States army, in September, 1846, to
prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of Mo-
ses E. Levy, praying permission to locate on the
public land in Florida, the quantity claimed by
him under a Spanish grant, or that he may be al-
, lowed to surrender the same to the United States,
I on payment to him of the minimum price of the
' public lands; which was laid on the table.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the
heirs of John Jacob Korn, praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was laid
upon the table.
Mr. CORWIN presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of the State of Ohio, in favor of an
act providing for the payment of the claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to 1800; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented two petitions of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, praying the adoption
of pacific measures for terminating the war with
Mexico; which were laid upon the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Monroe county,
New York, praying that the Tonawanda band of
Indians may be exempted from the operation of
the Seneca treaty of 1842; which was laid upon
the table.
Mr. EVANS submitted proposals from John
Skirving, stating the terms on which he will con-
struct flues for ventilating the Senate Chamber;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved,"That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-route from Smith-
ville, m Lawrence county, to Richwood, in Izard
county, in the Slate of Arkansas, via Thompson's
Mills, Mount Vista, and Crisswell's ferry, across
the White river.
Mr. DAVIS (on leave) introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to regulate the car-
nage of passengers m merchant vessels," and to
determine the time when said act shall take effect;
which was read a first and second times, by unan-
imous conscnt.
Mr. DAVIS reminded the Senate that the bill
which this bill was introduced to amend, was
passed a few days ago by both Houses^ and had
received the approval of the President, and was
now a law. It would go into operation to-mor-
row. Although great pains were taken in the pre-
paration of that bill, and information had been
sought for from the merchants and other respecta-
ble sources, an important point had been entirely
overlooked. The bill provides heavy penalties,
and the vessels entering our ports after to-morrow
will be subjected to these penalties. All the pas-
sengers are liable. It therefore became necessary
to pass a bill to suspend for a time the operation
of that law.
The committee also thought it right to change
the bill in another feature. One of the provisions
of the law was, that two children under eight
years of age should be counted as one passenger.
It was suggested that there would be great diffi-
culty in ascertaining the exact age of a child; and
that therefore it would be better that every child
should be considered as one passenger: and that
to each passenger there should be an allowance of
twelve superficial feet instead of the fourteen su-
perficial feet allowed by the law. The committee
had recommended three alterations; and he hoped,
on account of the urgency of the case, that the
bill would now be passed.
The bill was then considered as in committee
of the whole, and reported without amendment.
Mr. ALLEN said he did not know until last
night of the passage of the bill which this bill pro-
posed to amend. He had taken no part in it. lie
should have taken ground against it, had he known
of it. He only wished now "to say, that he had no
part in it.
Mr. DAVIS said he was sure if the Senator from
Ohio had known the circumstances, he would not
have opposed the bill; which was only intended to
;i provide for the comfort of emigrant passengers.
i| Mr. ALLEN had no object in rising but to say
d he had taken no parkin this bill, which had passed
j here without discussion.
![ Mr. DIX said it was discussed both in the Sen-
;; ate and in committee, and information had been
j( collected from the best sources. The petition of
