480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23.
the Irish Emigrant Society had been considered,
and the committee had endeavored to meet the
wishes of all.
Mr. ALLEN" said he lmd no objection to this
bill, which did away with one of his objections to
the former one.
Mr. CHALMERS, as a member of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, had given his hearty assent to the
former bill, and he thought that if the Senator from
Ohio had known all the facts, he also would have
been satisfied with it. This bill was merely to
correct an oversight in the other.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
■was afterwards read a third time, and passed.
[The bill provides that the act lately passed shall
take effect in regard to vessels arriving from ports
on this side of the Cape of Good Hope and Cupe
Horn, from and after the 3Jst May next, and in
regard to vessels anving from places beyond said
capes, from and after the 31st duy of October next
So much of the late act as authorizes shippers to
estimate two children of eight years of age or un-
der as one passenger, is repealed; and the clear
superficial feet of deck for each passenger, where
the vessel does not pass between the tropics, shall
be twelve, instead of fourteen feet.]
Air. ARCHER, on leave, introduced a bill to
provide for the purchase of the manuscript papers
of the late James Madison, former President of the
"United States; which was read a first and second
time, by unanimous consent.
Mr. CORWIN (on leave) introduced a joint res-
olution to refund money to the Slates which have
supplied volunteers and furnished them transporta-
tion, during the present war, before being mustered
and received into the service of the United .States;
which was read a first and second time, by unani-
mous consent, and referred to the Committee oil
Military A (fairs.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom had been referred the bill from
the House for the relief of the administrators of
Joseph Edson, deceased, late marshal of the dis-
trict of Vermont, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom had been referred the bill
from the House for the relief of Joseph Gideon,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. P., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bill from the. House for the relief
of Louis C. Sartori, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. P., from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bill from the House for the relief
of the widow and heirs of the late Silas Duncan, i
deceased, reported the same without amendment,
and with a lecommcndation that it do not pass.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TEN REGIMENTS.
On motion by Mr. D1X, the Senate resumed the
consideiation of the bill making provision for an
additional number of general officers, and for other
purposes*.
The question before the Senate was upon con-
curring in the following amendment, which had
been adopted in committee of the whole:
Sr;c. — *3n<l le. it further evaded, Tliat paymasters be,
and atcheieby, authorized and empovveied, by and with the
approbation of the Secretary of War, to employ one clerk
each, at a salary not to exceed $700 per annum."
The amendment was not concurrcd in; ayes 34,
noes IB.
Mr. OIX moved further to amend the bill by
thu addition of a section providing that the non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of
the regiment of dragoons authorized to be raised
by the art to raise for a limited time an additional
military force,and for other purposes, shall receive
the same bounty as is allowed to the non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates of other
regiments authorized to be raised by said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Me. JARNAGIN moved further to amend the
bill by adding a section requiring that the names
of all additional paymasters hereafter appointed,
she'll be submitted to the Senate for eonliunadon.
The amendment was agieed to.
The bill was then oidered lo be engrossed for a
thhd reading.
The Senate then pioceedcd to the consideration
of the question upon the reception of the petition
of John A. Barry, a subject of her most giacious
majesty, Victoria, Queen of Great Britain, which
was presented some days since by the Vice Presi-
dent.
Mr. HUNTINGTON made some remarks in
favor of the reception of the petition.
Mr. DAYTON also considered it a proper peti-
tion.
After a few words from Mr. NILES against the
protraction of the debate, on motion of Mr. DA-
VIS, the motion to receive the petition was laid on
the table.
A number of bills from the House had their first
and second readings, and were referred to the ap-
propriate committees.
On motion by Mr. NILES, the prior orders were
suspended, and the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration, as in committee of the whole, of the bill to
provide for transporting the mail of the United
States to Oregon.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the bill by adding
the following:
Provided, That the depaiture and return of ?aid mail nsay,
at the discretion of the Postmaster General, he either from
Charleston, New Yoik, Savannah, Pensacola, or New Or-
leans, as may be deemed most consistent with the public
interest.
Mr. NILES explained the importance of open-
ing a mail communication with Oregon; the com-
merce with that teiritory employing five or six
hundred vessels and forty thousand persons.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
then reported to the Senate, and, the amendment
having been concurred in, it was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The bill was then, by unanimous consent, read
a third time, and passed.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill making an ap-
propriation of thiee millions of dollars to bring the
war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable ter-
mination.
Mr. EVANS said he was very wfell aware that
the special subject that was now before the Senate,
though full of interest and importance, had become
somewhat exhausted. He was not presumptuous
enough to hope that he could impart anything of
fresh interest, or suggest any new considerations
to guide the judgment of the Senate in the conclu-
sion to which they might come; and he should,
therefore, but for a very brief period, ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate. The bill (said Mr. E.)
which is before us comes recommended by the very
highest counsels; it professes to aim at peace—
pevtee, so much desiied by the country, so much
desired by cveiybody. We are at war; we have
a war upon our hands, with all its attendant evils;
and we desire peace; hence any and every measure
which promises peace, however remote, cannot but
attract our attention and regard. Sir, I am desirous
of peace, and therefore I consider that every meas-
ure which may be proposed here, from any quarter,
which holds out reasonable prospects of a peace
upon just principles—a peace which may be endu-
ring—a peace which shall not bring discord among
ouiselves, as being certainly entitled to our highest
consideration. But, at the same time, sir, I cannot
regard this bill in that favorable light. I cannot and
shall not give it my support in its present form. I do
not think that it is suited to the objects which we
have in view; I see no reason to believe that it will
accomplish them. Why, sir, we are told every
day that whatever occurs here, whatever word is
uttered here, almost whatever sentiment is enter-
tained here, is known to the Government of the
nation with whom we are at war. We are remind-
ed of the haughty spirit which they have inherited;
we are told that the old Castihan blood runs in
their veins. Now, let me put this question: Shall
we appioach such a people, and say to them that
we propose, m the first place, a vigorous prosecu-
tion of this war, which is to bring them to sub-
mission to us, to lay them prostrate at our feet, to
force a treaty of peace upon them; arid, in order
to cover up our true designs, and to save ourselves
from the imputation of prosecuting the war with a
view to conquest, to exonerate ourselves in the
eyes of the world, we disavow our real purpose;
we deny that we are desirous of possessing their
territory, or that we wish to dismember their em-
pire; we say we must have an indemnity for the
expenses of the war, but, to reconcile the judg-
ment of the world to our proceedings, we will go
through the form of paying money?
Now, sir, does anybody believe that the Gov-
ernment of Mexico and the public men of Mexico
(if they are what they have been described to be)
will for one moment listen to such a proposition ?
Sir, will it not rouse them, will it not give them
new incentives to continue hostilities, and to resist
as long as they may the incursions and thereon-
quests which we may attempt to make? Let it
not be said—as I believe it was by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations—that the^
Senate has heretofore passed its judgment in favor
of this measure. Far from it—very far from it.
The bill which was proposed last session was very
different in its character, very different in its ob-
jects from the present bill. If we are to take the
exposition of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, he tells us, most
frankly and distinctly, that the purpose of this bill
is not to settle the question of controverted bound-
ary, but that it is to obtain new territory—territory
to which we have no present right, to be paid for
by the appropriation which it asks. Was such
the bill of the last session ? Was this avowed to
be the purpose of the resolution of last session ?
Let it be remarked that no discussion took place
upon the bill that was reported in this body.
Whatever was said upon the subject of appropria-
ting money for the purpose of obtaining peace,
was said in executive session, and was said upon
the resolution introduced by the then chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, which reso-
lution was very different from the resolution which
passed the Senate. It is quite true, sir, that the
President at the last session transmitted to the
Senate, in executive session, a proposition for an
appropriation of two millions of dollars very much
in the form in which this bill stands. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations brought in their reso-
lution approving the proposition, and pledging
themselves to grant the money. Thispresolution
did not receive the sanction of the Senate: it did
not pass. It was in this resolution that whatever
declaration was made touching the acquisition of
territory was contained. But, sir, the Senate
recommitted that resolution, and the resolution
which finally passed was brought in as a sub-
stitute for the one which had been originally
reported. Those resolutions were very different
in their character. The resolution of last ses-
sion described its purposes. It was for the pur-
pose of obtaining a treaty upon limits and bound-
aries, and not for the acquisition of new territory;
that was studiously excluded, carefully kept out of
sight. The bill which was brought in was a bill
fiamed upon this resolution, and recited in several
preambles, or a preamble of several clauses, the
purpose for which the money was to be granted,
and the inducements for granting it. It recited,
that whereas a war existed which it was desired
should be terminated; that whereas, among the
subjects of controversy between the two nations
was one of boundary; and whereas this Govern-
ment had given assurances to Mexico of their
readiness to treat on the question of boundary up-
on liberal terms, and to regulate the rights and the
mutual interests of the two nations: therefore, if
the President might effect a treaty of this kind, and
to the accomplishment of it money was necessary
after the treaty should be executed, and after its
ratification by Mexico—if the treaty called for an
expenditure of money, the sum of two millions
was to be granted to meet such expenditure. Were
these like the terms of the present proposition?
Certainly not. Every dollar of this appropriation
would be expended long before the ratification of
a treaty.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations is clearly in error in saying there
is no difference between the propositions. I think
there is a very wide difference. It so happens that
the resolution which passed the Senate was drafted
by myself, and it was proposed as a substitute for
a resolution that I could not vote for. The bill
that was reported was drafted also by myself,
somewhat (though slightly) altered by the commit-
tee in the phraseology of the preamble. We were
strongly recommended, as I stated the other day,
to report such a bill as the committee have now
reported. But I believe every one will admit that
such a bill could not pass; and it was put in the
shape in which it finally passed, for the purpose
of excluding every idea of the acquisition of terri-
tory, and confining it to a settlement of limits and
boundaries. And, sir, we were willing to vote for
a bill upon this principle, for these reasons, and
