THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1847.
New Series No. 31.'
no other: that, when Texas was annexed to the
United States, we pledged our faith to Mexico—
we told her that we received Texas without speci-
fication of boundary; that that was a subject which
we kept open purposely, to enable us to adjust it
with her on the most liberal terms. We gave iter
to understand that that was a question to be dis-
cussed, settled, and adjusted by negotiation be-
tween the two nations, and that upon its final ad-
justment Mexico should be liberally dealt with.
We desired to put into the hands of the President
the means of fulfilling our obligation—the means
of dealing generously with Mexico upon the ques-
tion of boundary. These were the grounds, and
no other, upon which we placed our support of
that measure. "We were not committed, then, by
anything that was said or done in legtird to that
proposition, to the adoption of this measure, so
widely different in its purposes, and standing upon
si^ch totally different principles.
-Now, sir, I am in favor of peace, and, as I have
already said, in favor of any measure which may
reasonably be expected to bring it about. I am
in favor of* it because I am opposed to the continu-
ance of this war, becausc 1 believe the judgment of
the people of this country is against its continu-
ance. I am one of those who believe that by wise
and prudent counsels it might have betjn avoided.
I think it ought to have been avoided; and I am
one of those who have been referred to once or
twice as having professed a willingness, a readi-
ness cheerfully to vote money and men for the
prosecution of the war. I have not done so. No,
sir; if at any time I am compelled to vote for any
measure for carrying on the war, I shall not do it
cheerfully, heartily, or willingly. 1 shall do it with
reluctance and with regret. I shall do it under
protestation; X shall do it under duress. The time
may come, sir, even in the short period of service
which remains to me, that I may be constrained to
vote for some measuie for the prosecution of the
war, if events should make it necessary; but it will
not be with cheerfulness, with willingness, that I
shall do so, because I should deplore the existence
of any event which would render it necessary.
But, at the same time that I am not professing
my willingness to vote for the prosecution of the
war, I have not seen my way perfectly clear to
make a vigorous, or indeed to make any, resist-
ance to the passage of such measures; but it is
with considerable effort thatj[ have restrained my-
self from resisting them. •' Sir, what has been
gained by voting the supplies of men and money
which have been called for? Why, sir, we have
stimulated the Executive to a further and vigorous
prosecution of a war which I desire to see ended—
a war which I think no point of national honor
calls upon us to prosecute—a war which no na-
tional interest demands. ' But, on the other hand, 1
would not, by withholding supplies, put in peril
thousands of our fellow-citizens who have been
hurried to the field of battle. If I withhold the
supplies, I cannot foresee how soon our soldiers
may need the assistance and succor which those
supplies would give them, situated as they are in
the face of an enemy, amid the perils of a cam-
paign, carried on in a distant and difficult position.
I do not desire, therefore, to put them in a condi-
tion where it may be said that for want of the
means which my vote would have given them,
brave men had laid down their lives to no purpose
on the field of battle, and that our army had been
ingloriously driven (the few that remained of them)
from the territory where their duty had called
them. Sir, these were the inducements winch
operated upon many gentlemen in this Senate at
the last session of Congress to vote for the act of
-13th May. Much, sjr, as we disapproved of the
acts of the Executive; much as we disapproved of
the war, we were unwilling to see the army of the
country, in obedience to the order of the command-
er-in-chief, exposed to that destruction which a tone
time seemed to await them for want of means.
I have said, sir, that I think the judgment of the
country is against this war. We have every indi-
cation that such is the case. I think those gentle-
men widely err who suppose that where a country
81
is engaged in a foreign war, of necessity the Ad-
ministration is to be sustained in conducting that
war according to its views and wishes; that the
war is popular, afld that those who do not favor
it are not actuated by patriotic motives. Sir, this
is a very different war from any we have ever been
engaged in before. The last war with Great Brit-
ain, though declared by the United States, was
mainly a war of defence. All its battles were
fought either on our own soil or in the immediate
neighborhood of our boundary, to r$pel invasion.
That war was conducted on the part of the enemy
in a manner that was calculated to excite the zeal
and patriotism of our people. That was a very
different war from the present. We were then
iigluing for our homes. We were repelling an in-
vader. We are now the invaders, driving the
people of another nation from their homes—a sim-
ple, inoffensive people, as the honorable Senator
from Louisiana said yesterday a large portion of
them were.
Why, sir, what are the elements in this war
which made the war I have been speaking of re-
commend itself to the public approbation ? I see
none of them. Why, during the war with Eng-
land, a victory, even of the smallest consequence,
was always followed by demonstrations of joy.
Every city, town, village, and hamlet, burst out
into illuminations, bonfires, rejoicings, celebrations
of every description, at every success of our arms
upon land or on the ocean! Our citizens vied with
each other in testifying to the commanders who
had performed gallant exploits the highest esti-
mation and respect. The freedom of cities was
presented to them, and every possible demonstra-
tion of gratitude shown them. What would have
been thought then of such a victory as that of Mon-
terey? How was it now? The public mind is
scarcely.excited toenthusiasm. You see itnowhere.
Even here in Congress, which you say adopted
this war, you have not yet voted the thanks of
Congress to the brave and bold leader of your gal-
lant army. Here, sir, at the last days of the ses-
sion, the resolution of thanks, struggling along be-
tween the two Houses, pressed through one House
by yeas and nays on the previous question, com-
mitted to a committee to inquire whether the Gen-
eral is entitled to the thanks of Congress, and not
yet passed. What would it have been in the'war
of 1812? Why, upon the first day that Congress
convened, after an important victory, a vote of
thanks would have passed both Houses by accla-
mation. No, sir, the judgment of the country is
against it. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina said long ago that this was the case in the
State which he represents. And such is the ex-
pression which we receive from all the northern
portion of the Union. Men of all parties are against
it, and gentlemen must not deceive themselves be-
cause there is no great outbreak of public indigna-
tion. I know the President refers, and others have
referred, to the alacrity with which the volunteers
repaired to the field; but I believe the day of alac-
rity is pretty much over. What evidence is there
of it now? How tardily are the regiments being
filled up? I know m the earlier period of the war,
upon its first outbreak, when it was supposed that
the small army we had there was in great peril,
when the quantity of forces belonging to the Mex-
ican army was miscalculated, thousands were
ready to rush to the field of action for the purpose
of saving the army. They did so; but that day is
gone by. I see no evidence now of the enthusiasm
which prevailed then. Those who nowgo to serve,
go from very diffeient motives.
Sir, I have said that I believe the war was un-
i necessary: that it might have been avoided, and
i that it ought to have been avoided. I will give
j some reasons for that assertion. And this leads me
to a consideration of the question which has been
so much discussed, What was the origin of the
war? What were the causes which led to it? I
confess I have been a good deal amazed some-
times to hear gentlemen on the other_side assign-
ing the reasons for a war which Mexico has made
upon us. According to the assertion of the Presi-
dent, according to the argument of honorable Sen-
ators, the war had its origin in hostilities thatw$r$
commenced by Mexico*, but the President is not
satisfied to let it stand there. A large portion of
his message is devoted to show, and a large por-
tion of the speeches of Senators are also intended
to show, that we had good causes for war. Sup-
pose we had; suppose we had abundant causes,
you are not at war for any such causes. Gentle-
men will not admit that; because if they do, they
must admit that the war is unconstitutional,.' They
labor to prove that we have a just and good cause
of war with Mexico. But if it be true that Mexi-
co commenced hostilities against us, and that
we acted on the defensive, what matters it what
causes existed? This act of Mexico supersedes
all other causes; and yet a labored defence of the
war on our part has been made, and a long cata-
logue of complaints and grievances set up against
Mexico. Gentlemen themselves evidently dared
not tiust to the assumed fact, that hostilities were
commenced by Mexico. Now, what was the real
origin of this war ? The honorable Senator from
Louisiana, who addressed the Senate yesterday
with so much propriety and eloquence, very justly
said that there were two classes of causes for wars:
immediate and remote causes. The law calls
them, I believe, proximate and remote causes.
And the gentleman spoke at considerable length of
what seemed to him to be the remote cause: and
that was the indestructible right of every people
to govern themselves. That is quite a remote
cause, certainly. I am not going quite so far back
as that. What was the immediate cause? Plainly,
the refusal of Mexico to receive Mr. Slidell aa
Minister from the United States. There can be
no doubt about that. Has not Mr. Buchanan
stated it over and over again in his letter to Mr.
Slidell of the 20th of January? Let anybody read
that letter, and see if war was not intended, ex-
pected, and threatened, in the event that Mexico
icfused to receive him. In that letter, written
seven days after the army had moved from Cor-
pus Christi, Mr. Buchanan writes thus :
" Should the Mcxiean Government, by finally refusing to
receive you, consummate the act ot folly and bad faith of
which they have affoided indications, nothing will lemain
for this Government, but to take the rediess of the wrongs
of our citizens into its own hands."
Again:
"The Government, in anticipation of the final refusal of
Me\ieo to receive }ou3 have oidercd the army to advance
and fake a position upon the left hank of the Iho Grande, and
have oidcrod the fleet into the Gulf. The Piesideritwill thus
be prepaied fo act with vigoi and promptitude the moment
Congie&s shall give him authority."
This was written on the 20th, and on the 28th, a
week afterwards, he writes thus:
"The Pie.sident is sincerely desirous to preserve peace
with Mcxk'O, but should that Government finally refuse to
receive you, the cup of our f'oibearance will then he full.
Nothing will remain but a resoit to aimw. In view of this
serious alternative, every honorable ellort should be made
before the tiual rupture takes place/' &e.
When was the final rupture to take place? Upon
the refusal of the Mexican Government to receive
Mr. Slidell; and, in anticipation of such an event,
the President had uideied a strong force to be
ready to strike with vigor.
Now, does not everybody see that it was the
purpose of the Administration, in the event that
Mr. Slidell was not received, to commence hostili-
ties against Mexico? (with the consent of Con-
gress, I admit, it was said.) But was not the
army and navy moved in anticipation of such an
event without the consent of Congress? And after
it became known to the President that Mr. Slidell
hud not been received, six weeks at least were suf-
fered to elapse, although the army and the navy
had been removed and placed where they might
act with vigor, before any communication was
made to Congress. Nothing was said to Congress
about taking the redress of our grievances into our
own hands. And why? Did gentlemen suppose
(and if they did, they supposed rightly) that Con-
gress would not authorize the President to com-
mence hostilities? Does any gentleman believe that
war would have been declared by Congress because
Mr. Slidell was not received? No, sir; nobody be-
lieves it. Congress would not have declared war,
