482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
and the President must have anticipated that they
would not. But war must be had; we must take
the redress of our wrongs into our own hands; we
must strike a blow. Congress, will not strike a
blow. How shall we bring it about ? Was there
•any better way than by removing the army into
the immediate neighborhood of the armed forces of
Mexico, upon the disputed boundary line > To
erect your batteries and point your guns upon a
city of Mexico ? Why, if the Senator from Michi-
gan will allow me to make use of his phrase, I
should say, under such circumstances war was in-
evitable, and the President must have known that
it was so.
Was the army moved, sir, as the President says
in his message, to the Rio Grande, to repel, a
threatened or an expected invasion ? Did the Presi- ;
dent tell Mr. Slidell so through his Secretary, !
when he wrote to him? No. We were not ex-
pecting an invasion. We remove our troops there
in the expectation that you will not be received,
and " the President will thus be prepared to act
with vigor." :
" To act with vigor!"—not to repel invasion;
not to protect the citizens of Texas; but the army ;
is removed there to act with vigor against Mexico, j
to resent the wrong of not receiving Mr. Slidell. jj
Oh! but they were told that Paredes had threat- |l
ened war. Their generals had also made threats. j|
Why, yes, he supposed they had received such ll
despatches as were sent to General Taylor. '' If j
an American army should invade our territory, 1
you wdl repel them with what force you can."
And thus hostilities were commenced, because two •
armies met, each instructed to repel invasion, and ]
each thinking the other the invader. Here were
two nations at war, neither of which could make j
war without the declaration of the Legislature,
and yet in neither had war been declared by the ,
Legislature. The Mexican Congress has not de- |
clared war to this hour. The Ameiican Congiess !
has not declared war; but it has recognised it as
existing. Now, he was of opinion that the Presi- j
dents of these two republics should be brought to
an account, that the world may see who is right,
and who is wrong. Mexico commenced hostih- j
ties, says the President. When? IIow? Can I
anybody tell? Why, we have it in the message i
of the President, communicated at the last session '
of Congress, and, I think, the same tiling is re- i
peated this session, that up to the 24th day of April,
1846, no act of hostilities had been commenced
by Mexico. And what hail we done? We had
maiched an army to the banks of the Ilio Grande.
There were no Texans there for us to protect.
There was no threatened invasion. And yet we i|
erected batteries, planted guns, and pointed them j
into their acknowledged city; and more than that, ,|
we blockaded their river. Twelve days before any <
hostilities were commenced by Mexico, we block-
aded their river. This had never been represented ;|
by the President. General Taylor was sent with
the same information as was given to Mr. Slidell. |
" You are to be ready to stukc with vigor." " If j
there should be a considerable force, and they look il
hostile, you may consider hostilities commenced." ||
But they were not commenced until we had block- j
aded their river, threatened their city, and driven If
off their people. Why, if we had owned up to jj
the. Rio Grande, an undisputed title admitted and
acknowledged by Mexico, and had marched an |i
army up to the side of the river opposite to their i
city and planted our guns there, it would have been j j
an act of hostility itself. It would have autho- !j
rized a nation to demand the cause, and ifsatisfac-
If" }' reasons were not given, to become the assail-
ant. Why, what did wo do a year or two ago' i'
We heard, through vague rumor, that Great Grit- m
ain was building more ships than usual; that there
was great activity in her dock-yards—and, as a !!
matter of right, this Administration demanded to
knoiv what she was g-oing to do with such prepara-
lions; she was asked if she was looking to any ji
unsettled difficulties with us. Well, we got an an- !'
swer. We were told that though it was not i:
exactly intended for that purpose, yet, in case of ij
hostilities, it would be found very useful. With ;!
this we were satisfied, but we had asserted our!
right. And Mexico might have done the same. ij
It was an act which called for explanation, and i!
would have justified Mexico in levelling our forti- ■
fications to the ground. '!
But we have the authority of the President that !;
Mcxico had not commenced hostilities up to the p
24th of April; but these documents showed that
we had blockaded her city. He had said that this
war was brought about by the President. The
origin of it was, that Mexico refused to receive
Mr. Slidell when he arrived there. It was brought
about by the act of the President, and he would
inquire if that was a sufficient reason. In the first
place the Secretary of State signified to the Mexi-
can Government about the 16th of October, a de-
sire to renew negotiations. He wished to know
if a Minister would be received, and the answer
was satisfactory. A Minister was sent, and great-
ly to the surprise of the Mexican Government, he
reached there m six weeks. The Mexican Gov-
ernment said they did not expect him so soon—
they did not expect him before Januaiy—until
Congress assembled; but he got there in Novem-
ber. lie did not think those were sufficient rea-
sons for refusing to receive him; but were there
not reasons which should have induced the Piesi-
dent to abstain from pressing on them a Minister?
The President tells us that the Administration of
General Herrera was tumbling to pieces. Gen-
eral Herrera was desirous of peace. That was not
denied. And what caused that Administration to
totter? "Why, the reason was its consent to
rcceive a Minister from us. It was its disposi-
tion for peace. And yet the President and Mr.
Slidell thought that General Herrera should not
have yielded the Government; that he should
have maintained it; should have received our Min-
ister, and fought it out. Why that would proba-
bly have endangered his head. It might have for-
feited his life. General Herrera could not do that
with safety to himself, and be begged us to abstain
for the present. Wait, he says, until I can strength-
en myself; wait until January; wait until I can get
the sense of the departments; wait until I can put
down this attempted insurrection. But no; you
must do it now, says Mr. Slidell, although it would
have endangeted his own life and that of Mr. Sli-
dell. Now, the President might very well have taken
these circumstances into consideration, and yielded
to the insuperable difficulties of General Herrera.
Herrera bein^ a friend to peace, and with difficulty
maintaining his authority, the mission should not
have been pressed upon him at a time when it
was unsafe for him to receive our Minister. The
President ought, on the contrary, to have aided and
strengthened his power by all practicable means,
in order that negotiations might ultimately be had,
and the existing difficulties adjusted. lie contend-
ed that it was the President's war under any aspect,
and instituted a comparison between the course of
proceeding adopted by the President in regard to
this question of the boundary of Texas, and the
course thai, was taken h}' General Jackson in re-
gard to the disputed boundary of the State of
Maine. The troops of the United States, in that
case, were not sent to the frontier to provoke a
war; on the contrary, the territory was left subject
to the exclusive jurisdiction of neither party. 'He
went on to show that the boundary of Texas had
always been regarded an unsettled and open ques-
tion.
Mr. E. next adverted to the various propositions
for terminating the war. The proposition which
seemed to have met with the most favor was to
prosecute the war vigorously. He wanted to
prosecute peace vigorously, if he could find out
how it was to be done. Prosecute the war vigor-
ously ! Why, he believed they had given the
President all the means that he had asked for, for
the purpose of prosecuting the war vigorously and
bringing it to a speedy termination. Had it been
prosecuted vigorously, or was it likely to be ? He
could see no signs of it. He placed very little re-
liance upon such a mode of terminating the war.
He made a brief reference to the subject of slavery,
tie did not know that this war, in which we were
now involved, and which was brought upon us for
the preservation of the institution of slavery, was j
not to be, under the providence of God, its exter-
mination. Texas was annexed avowedly to pre-
vent emancipation. We were involved in a war
caused remotely by that annexation, and the great
question was now presented, how were we to
make peace? One portion of the country said
that no territory should be acquired in which sla-
very should be allowed to exist; another portion
said that no territory should be acquired where
slavery was excluded. Both said, or at least many
on either side, that territory must be acquired.
Let it be acquired, and exclude slavery or not ex-
clude it, did not everybody see what a subject of
contention theje would be? And where would it
end? If, after this foreign war, civil war ensued,
who could tell what the effect of that civil war
would be upon the institution of slavery? It
seemed to him that they ought to lay aside every
consideration but that of making peace; and for
that purpose they ought to renew propositions for
negotiations with Mexico, claiming nothing which
they had not claimed before, and exhibiting a gen-
erous and liberal spirit towards her. He could
not vote for the present proposition, although the
circumstances were greatly altered from what they
were at the last session. He would not say that
he would not vote for the proposition which was
then presented, if presented now; but if he did so,
it would be under the distinct assurance that the
law, if passed, should be executed strictly for the
purpose for which it was designed—that of ma-
king a treaty in regard to boundary; and any
| money that might be wanted for this purpose he
' wouid be willing to grant; but not to acquire and
incorporate into the Union a large portion of Mexi-
can territory merely because our army had overrun
it; and to have this discordant subject of con-
troversy entailed upon us—a controversy which
would be most likely to endanger the stability of
our institutions.
Mr. Evans having concluded—
Mr. BREESE rose and addressed the Senate
at considerable length in favor of the bill, and in
reply to the views advanced by other Senators.
[Mr. B.'s speech, -written out by himself, will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr, DAVIS rose to say that he desired to say a
few words on the bill if it would not interfere with
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] but as
the hour was late he would rather not proceed
until to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON said he designed to offer some
remarks, but would not interfere with the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SEVIER observed that it would be recol-
lected that he gave notice of his intention to take
the vote on the bill on Wednesday, but it was now
apparent that could not be done without interfe-
ring with the debate. If Senators, however, would
allow him to name Friday, and let it be under-
stood that the vote should then be taken, he would
be satisfied.
[There were several cries of " Saturday—say
Saturday," to which Mr. S. was understood to
assent.]
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate proceeded to
the consideration of Executive business; and, after
some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 23, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the following resolution, offered yester-
day by Mr. Moseley:
Resolred, That a committee of five members be appointed
tomvcstigate the charges made by the Hon. Joseph Morris,
of Ohio, against a member of the Committee on the Public
Lands relative to personal interest ohartjodafrainslthat mom-
ber m the fcubjeet-matter of Senate bill No. 10, and that said
committer! have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. HUNT, of Michigan, rose, and was about
to address the House, but yielded the floor for the
moment to
Mr. MOSELEY, who asked that the resolution
should be read as modified by himself Inst evening,
to sec whether it was now in a form to suit the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morris.] [It was read
accordingly.]
Mr. M. then said that he wished to modify it.
The gentleman from Ohio, in the charge he had
yesterday preferred against the members of the
Committee on Public Lands, had done more than
assert that those members were personally interest-
ed in the mineral lands to which the bill referred;
he had .strongly intimated that they were corrupt-
ly influenced by that personal interest in advoca-
ting the bill. He, therefore, wished to modify the
resolution, by inserting the words " interested ac-
tion" where they would come in in their proper
place toward the close of the resolution.
The resolution was modified accordingly.
Mr. M. stated that he had come into the Hall last
evening from the other end of the Capitol, and most
unexpectedly found the House engaged on the
