1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
subject of a question of privilege, raised by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] in
regard to injurious charges made by the gentleman
from Ohio against the members of the Committee
on Public Lands. As the subject was up, and he
was one of the committee, he could not, of course,
avoid taking some part in the proceeding. In look-
ing at the very full and accurate report given of
what took place in the Intelligencer of this morn-
ing, he perceived that the reporter had omitted to
state one material thing that occurred. The gentle-
man from Ohio, after withholding for a long time
any direct answer to Mr. M.'s inquiry whether he
meant to include him in the charge he had brought, |
at length, with great seeming reluctance, had re- |
plied "thathe would do the gentleman no injustice |
he had not referred, to him." (These words were !
omitted the repoit.) Mr. M. had then added j
that, personally, and on his own account, he was 1
satisfied; but he had then proceeded to remark on '
the injury done by such an indefinite charge to j
other members of the committee, and had moved I
the resolution of inquiry. j
When he heard what was going forward he had
no idea that the gentleman had alluded to him; but
he could not avoid taking a part in the inquiries
made at him for explanation. He entertained no
ill-will toward that member for what he had said,
and attributed rather to the exceeding awkward-
ness of the manner in which he had brought out
the charge than to any intentional injury, the gen-
erality and indefiniteness of the charge he had
made, which left it applicable to all the members
of the committee. He was sure the member could
not but respect the gentlemen who composed the
committee. There had been no need for his viola-
ting any rule of the House by mentioning the
names of those he meant to inculpate; he might
allude to them by their districts. However, he now
understood the charge to be narrowed down to a
single individual; and Mr. M. felt well assured
that, when the House and the country came to
know who the individual alluded to was, he under-
took to say, from his well-known character for
perfect honesty and integrity, that those who had
the pleasure to know him would never believe any
imputation injurious to either which could come
against him from any quarter.
Mr. HUNT, of Michigan, then rose and said
that, as his voice was naturally feeble and his health
very indifferent, he had prepared in writing the
statement he meant to make, and would ask leave
to read it in his placc. Mr. H. then read the fol-
lowing statement :
I see by the National Intelligencer of this morn-
ing that, after I left the House last evening, the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands pre-
sented a question of privilege, and referred to the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio on Saturday
last on the mineral land bill, in which the gentle-
man from Ohio had stated that members of the
committee were interested in the question.
It appears from the proceedings, as reported,
that the charge, from being general, has settled
down to "an individual" of that committee, and
that the gentleman, although requested to name the
individual, and pressed upon the subject, declined
to do so.
I regret that the gentleman has felt it to be his
duty to make such a charge, and still refuse to
state the facts and the manner in which he obtain-
ed his information; and the more so, as I had, on
Saturday, after his speech on this subject, com-
plained that he had done me injustice; that, as I
had given him the information, he should have
told the whole story, and not made a dark and
mysterious affair of so light a matter. He replied,
that he did not intend me particularly; that there
were others engaged in it. Now, however, it has
come back to " an individual," after having ne-
glected another opportunity m which he might have
cleared all the members of the committee from any
unjust suspicion.
The facts are simply these: The gentleman from
Ohio was strongly opposed to the preemption
clausc in the mineral bill, on the ground that the
rich speculators in Boston and other places had
secured the mineral lands, and would defraud the
public and the Government. I replied that, so far
from the speculators being the only persons in-
terested, companies had been formed in almost
every village and town in my State; that, in my
immediate neighborhood, there were two of these
ompanies, and the stock was owned by the farm-
ers, mechanics, and business men of the State,
each one having a few shares; that I had nine
shares in one of them, and that there was some
seventy or eighty members of that company; that
several calls for payment on shares had b?en made,
of a few shillings each, before I left home, which
I had paid, and some calls since I left, which I had
not paid, and I did not know whether I was still
a member or not; that the stock was of little value;
that it was sold from 50 to $2 and $3 per share,
and that my nine shares were not worth more than
$15, and that I really believed I could not now
sell it for money at any price. I made no secret
of this matter. I had stated it voluntarily and
openly in the committee room, and as an argument
with the gentleman from Ohio to show that the
people of my State were largely interested in hav-
ing their preemption rights allowed, where they
had gone on in good faith and complied with the
terms of the lease, and made actual locations.
But the gentleman, in his remarks yesterday,
alleges that the policy arid \iews of members had
changed upon the subjcct, and therefore he be-
lieved them operated on by improper motives.
The gentleman will not charge me with having
changed my views on this part of the bill; and I
was therefore led to believe that he still had some
doubts as to the purity of other members. I had
constantly urged on the committee, at the last and
at the present session, that these preemptors were
as well entitled to protection as other settlers on
the public lands, and that these rights had always
been recognised by the Government, and had be-
come a part of its settled policy; that justice to the
State of Michigan required that we should compel
them to purchase as much of these lands as we
could, so that they might be taxed to support the
local government in that part of the State; that, if
the lands were placed at a low minimum, they
would be puichased in larger quantities; but if the
price was high, they would not take any but the
best mining lands, and use the timber off of the
rest without paying, and deprive the State of the
right of taxation.
But whether these lands are put in market at
$1 25 or $5 per acre, it would not vary the value
of the stocks to any perceptible extent; the real
value of the stock is in the richness of the ore
and the extent of the mine, and the method and
skill of transacting the business. If the mine is
rich, forty acres is enough for any company, ex-
cept for wood. If itisa bad location, the largest
quantity covered by a lease will never make the
company rich. Last year some of these copper
stocks had a fictitious value, and then the lands
would have sold freely at any price. Now they
are of little or no value; but the shares in the little
company in which I owned stock in its palmiest
days never reached over four or five dollars.
I hope this explanation will relieve every mem-
ber of the committee from the slightest shadow of
suspicion. I certainly should never have told upon
myself, if I had imagined for a moment that it
might he used to the injury of others, and certainly
not to the gentleman from Ohio, who had pertina-
ciously opposed the bill, even after many others
had, from examination and reflection, somewhat
abated in their original views as to the price to be
fixed on these lands.
It is somewhat singular, that when this House
bill was first reported by the committee at this ses-
sion, the gentleman from Ohio and myself were
the only two of the committee that voted against
it; and I may add, also, that the Senate bill, where
I presume there was no interest or corruption op-
erating, was altogether more favorable to the gen-
tlennui's speculators than the House bill or the
amendments to the Senate bill; and yet all the com-
mittee well know that a large majority, and myself
of the number, were opposed to the Senate bill,
and proceeded immediately to limit its operation to
the bona fide occupants: so that" the pressure from
without," that the gentleman alluded to, had a
direct contrary effect from that which the gentle-
man would imply.
I cannot admire the casuistry of any gentleman
whose charity induces him to make dark and
grievous insinuations, when a plain statement of
facts was all that was necessary, and to retain the
names and the circumstances until he had con-
trived to excite attention by dishonorable inuen-
does as to the motives of gentlemen acting with
him in the discharge of responsible duties.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to lay the reso-
lution of inquiry on the tab^. [Cries of " No,
no."]
After some irregular conversation Mr, JACOB
THOMPSON expressed his hope that this reso-
lution would be laid on the table; but
Mr. BRINKERHOFF withdrew the motion.
Mr. MORRIS then said, that if this resolution
passed, he hoped it would be so "shaped that there
should be no misunderstanding in the matter. It
was unfair for gentlemen to make their own report
of a speech of his, and then arraign him for what
he did not say.
He had made no charge of fraud, or of anything
of the kind. He did believe that a set of specula-
tors had determined to get hold of these lands;
that their influence had reached the House and had
reached the committee. If the resolution was put
in that shape, he had no objections to it. Mr. M.
wanted to know what dishonesty the gentleman
[Mr. Hunt] imputed to him?
Mr. HUNT said the dishonesty lay in the gen-
tleman declining to state all that Mr. H. had told
him, after he had had two or three occasions pre-
sented to him to have made a full and frank state-
ment of the truth.
Mr. MORRIS said that it was his personal re-
gard for the gentleman that prevented him from
doing so. He had not named any one or imputed
fraud to any one.
Mr. McCLELLAND. Does the gentleman,
then, now withdraw all imputation of improper
motives or influence to any member of the com-
mittee ?
Mr. MORRIS. I disclaim having made any.
Mr. KENNEDY (in a distant seat) was under-
stood to say that the members of the committee
seemed as touchy as the Senate.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that this inquiry
might not seem very interesting to some gentlemen
who were not personally concerned in the imputa-
tions made, but it was of great interest to those
who were. He would be glad that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] should explain the
meaning of the remark lie had just made.
Mr. KENNEDY was understood to explain that
when he saw individuals very anxiously throwing
off imputations which were disclaimed to have ever
ji been made, it raised a suspicion that they knew
j| there was something in them.
| Mr. McCLERNAND was understood to say
| that he had a right to expect better things from the
I gentleman from Indiana. The gentleman rflust
j now see that his remark was calculated to do great
j injustice to the members of the committee.
Mr. KENNEDY said thai he had not been pres-
ent yesterday when the charge was said to have
been made; that he had not heard or read anything
of what passed. He had not heard the interroga-
tory now put to the gentleman from Ohio; but en-
tering the Hall, he had heard that gentleman say,
that he had not charged anybody with fraud. He
did not know what the gentleman might have said
yesterday. All he had heard him say was to deny
that he now made any charge against the members
of the committee, or had made any hei*etofore.
Mr. McCLERNAND here put some interroga-
tory to Mr. Kennedy, which was whollyinaudible
to the reporter.
Mr. KENNEDY repeated his explanation.
The gentleman from Ohio had disavowed any in-
jurious charge, and yet gentlemen still persisted in
throwing off imputations which the member said
he had never made. This led him, in his seat, to
make the remark he had done.
A further colloquy took place between these gen-
tlemen, in which Mr. McCLERNAND was un-
derstood as pressing his inquiry for explanation,
and Mr. KENNEDY as repeating, once more, the
explanation he had already given.
Mr. McCLELLAND said he thought he could
correct the misunderstanding which seemed to ex-
ist between the two gentlemen. The gentleman
from Indiana knew nothingaboutall that had hap-
pened last evening; he had not heard the very in-
jurious charge, of corruption made by the gentleman
from Ohio against the Committee on Public Lands;
he was confident if he had, he could not and would
not have made the remaik he did.
After some further explanation from Mr. KEN-
NEDY-—
Mr. McCLERNAND said it was not to be won-
dered at that gentlemen implicated in such a charge
as had been made, in his place, publicly, by a
member of the committee, should feel somewhat
