1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
the American standard; to say to the Mexican
invading force, thus far, and no farther, shall you
come; you shall not be permitted to invade and
take possession of territory included within the
established boundary of one of the States of the
American Union, in regard to which, you insult-
ingly refuse to treat by amicable negotiation. All
this, I repeat, was well known here; and it was
not till long after the Mexican army, in pursuance
of the declared object of the revolution of Decem-
ber, 1845, had invaded the country east of the Rio
Grande, and there attacked our forces and shed
American blood, that the opposition to the Admin-
istration was fully awakened to the fact that politi-
cal capital could be manufactured out of the trans-
action, by charging upon (he President lawless
usurpation and a violation of the Constitution.
What stronger evidence can exist that most, if
slot all, their charges of " rank offence" are an af-
ter-thought, for political effect, than is furnished
by the records of both Houses of Congress of the
last session upon the bill (i providing for the prose-
cution of the existing war between the United States
and the republic nf Mexico ?" That act declares that
"by the ACT of the REPUBLIC OP MEXI-
CO a state of war exists between that gov-
ernment and the United States," and, for its
prosecution, the President is authorized to employ
the militia, and the naval and military forces of the
United States. It further authorizes him to call
for fifty thousand volunteers, and appropriates ten
millions of dollars.
That act declaring the war thus to exist by the
act of Mexico, and thus making provision for its
vigorous prosecution, passed this House by a vote
of 174 to 14, and the Senate by a vote of 40 to 2.
In the House, of the yeas, 128 were Democrats,
53 were Whigs. The 14 nays were all Whigs.
In the Senate, of the yeas, 28 were Democrats,
12jwere Whigs. The two nays were Whigs.
Now, upon all these facts, I submit to the coun-
try and the world to judge of the objects of these
acrimonious and false charges, that the war was
commcnced by unlawful and aggressive acts of
the President upon an "injured enemy," and not
by the " act of Mexico /"
Sir, for one, I entertain no doubt of the justice
and necessity of the war. It was forced upon us
by Mexico, and should be prosecuted with all the
vigor of a great and powerful nation, until she
treats with us upon fair and honorable terms, and
no longer. We should be magnanimous, I admit,
but never at the expense of justice and honor.
This conflict, let me say, is no summer morn-
ing excursion; no holyday pastime. It is a conflict
with a nation numbering eight millions of people,
who, though faithless and treacherous, are, never-
theless, brave and warlike; who believe that they
are fighting for the integrity of their territory, for
national existence, for their household altars, around
which cluster the objects of their fondest affection
and dearest love.
To meet the emergency of such a conflict re-
quirejPour united means, our united energy, and
our united councils, in order to bung it to a speedy
and honorable termination. Does such unity exist?
Far from it. Instead of presenting an undivided
front in the prosecution of the war, we have now,
as we always have had in all previous disputes
with foreign nations, a party at home that seems
to take satisfaction in berating their own Govern-
ment, condemning its measures and the justice of
its cause; thus dampening our ardor, paralyzing
our efforts, and cheering the hearts and strengthen-
ing the hands of the enemy. Such a party is now
carrying on its unholy warfare. Its leaders upon
this floor charge the President with having wick- ,
edly, and in violation of the Constitution, plunged j
the nation into an unjustifiable, unholy, and dam- j
liable war. ;
Now, while I would condemn such flagrant vio- '
lation of truth and patriotism for the demagogical
purpose of party effect, I would not wAhold a
merited censure from any functionary, however
high, where it rightfully attaches.
" Be just, and fear not: :
Let all the ends thou aim'&t at be thy country's,
Thy God's, and tiuth's; then if thou fall^t,
Tliou fall'st a blessed martvr." j
I will now ask the attention of the committee and
the country to another and a very interesting and
serious charge m&de against the President. It was
first broached upon this floor, I believe, by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop.]
Like faithful imitators, however, of an experienced
master, almost every gentleman who has spoken
since upon the opposite side of the Hall has
drawn his bow upon the same string. The charge
is, that the President in his message made a gross
attack upon the freedom of debate in the two
Houses of Congress.
What did the President say which has provoked
this iterated and ten thousand times reiterated
charge? Why, that—
"Tim war has been represented as unjust and unneces-
sary, and as one of aggression on our part upon a weak and
injured enemy. Such erroneous views, though entertained
by butfew,'have been*widely and extensivpjy eucnlated, not
only at homo, hut have been spread throughout Mexico and
the whole woild. A more effectual means could riot have
been devised to encouiage the enemy and protract the war
than to advocate and adhere to their cause, and thus give
them < aid and comfort.'"
What gentleman has denied or will attempt to
disprove the truth of what the President here says?
No problem in mathematics is more susceptible of
clearer demonstration than this. No passage of
Holy Writ more self-evident.
Do gentlemen suppose that by such declamatory
bluster about the President's making " a gross at-
tack upon the freedom of debate in Congress,"
they can so far stultify the people as to blind them
to the truth of his remarks, or deceive them as to
the true effect which the opposition press and op-
position speeches aie calculated to produce not
only at home, but throughout Mcxico and the
world ?
Are these speeches—to use the very charitable
language of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Gentry,]—in regard to the message, "intended for
fools, and fools only?" Sir, I tell gentlemen, the
intelligent yeomanry of the country are not such
foolsasto beguiled bysuchmeans. Even the "sim-
ple men," as the Federalists style the masses, are
fully competent to understand and judge of this mat-
ter. I tell gentlemen they misjudge the intelligence
of the masses. Where is the American citizcn who
does not know that these speeches are scattered
broadcast not only over our whole country, but
through every nook and comer of Mexico? Is
there any one such a " simple man" as not to see
the effect and estimate the consequences of all this?
Is there any one such a " fool" as not to know that
these gentlemen, and the whole party that follows
in their wake and endorses their sentiments, are
looked upon in Mexico, from Santa Ana down to
the humblest peasant, as their fuends—as adhering
to their cause? Docs not this give " aid and com-
fort to the enemy?" Yes, sir. While it distracts
our councils, paralyzes our energies, and dampens
our ardor, does it not cheer the hearts, brighten
the prospects, strengthen the hands, and increase
the insolence of the enemy to further acts of ag-
gression and barbarity ?
Pray, let me ask, has noi the President of the
United States an equal right to communicate freely
with the people as gentlemen have to fieedom of
debate here? Do they suppose they can deceive
any one on this point5 Why, air, if the Presi-
dent, in the exercise of that right, has told the
truth as to them, what, on the other hand, in the
exercise of their right, have they stated as to him,
the truth of which I deny? Why, sir, that the
war is purely an Exccutivc war, unconstitutional,
unjustifiable, and damnable; that it is a piratical
war upon a sister republic; and that by it the na-
tion is involved in the guilt of the deepest crimes.
They have denounced the President's me*ss.^e
touching this war as adapted to be heard only in
bai-rooms, and places of that description—as abso-
lutclyuntiue—as false, unfounded, and absurd—as
a piece of ingenious sophistiy—a bundle of soph-
istry—a low, demagogical attempt to deceive the
nation, telling just enough of the truth to cause the
people to believe a lie, and intended for f<5ols, and
fools only.
They have gone further, and charged the Pres-
ident with having, without reason or authority,
sent our troops into the heait of a neighboring re-
public, to slaughter the inhabitants and spread
universal misery and desolation. They have de-
nounced him as but little better than a despot—as
a usuper—and all those who do not so regard him,
as traitors to their country—as a lawless usurper,
and the members of this House who sanction his I
proceedings as unworthy the seats they occupy, '
and guilty of the highest treason. They have
called upon Congress to put a curb into the mouth
of this petty tyrant, and invoked the people to the
rescue, because their dearest interests are about to
be put in peril by <{ fools and traitors."
Why, sir, in these declarations of gentlemen,
made in advance, before debate was opened fVom
this side of the Chamber, we were told that if we
did not regard the President as an a usurper" we,
were traitors to our country; that he was a u law-
less usurperand we were warned, in no mild
tone, that if we sanctioned his proceedings, we
were not only unworthy the seats we occupy here,
but " guilty of the highest treason." Now, sir,
in all this threatening denunciation I suppose there
is no attack upon the freedom of debate here; that
by these threatened judgments there was no inten-
tion to frighten into silence those who believe 'in
the justice of the President's proceedings ? Oh, no;
nothing of the kind. Why, sir, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] told us that
" he regarded this, he hailed it as a practical as-
sertion of the freedom of debate npon this floor."
But when the President of the United States—a
coordinate branch of the Government, and the
representative of the whole nation, dares exercise
his right to the freedom of speech, that gentleman
turns short upon his heel, and exclaims, lo! it is a
gross attack on the freedom of debate—an " extra-
ordinary and very offensive menace"—41 Execu-
tive intimidation." Thus, while freedom of speech,
to the utmost extent, is claimed—and justly I ad-
mit—the President is to be browbeaten into silence
and victimized, for the- utterance of what is an
incontrovertible truth, which the humblest citi-
zen in the republic has an unquestionable right to
utter.
But why this resort to the slanderous subterfuge
of recrimination ? Why not come up like men
conscious of their innocence, and put in the manly
plea of not guilty? Why not attempt to show to
the country that the course they are pursuing,
by their acts and speeches, is not calculated to aid
and comfort the Mexicans, to strengthen their
arm, to increase their courage and energies, and
thus prolong the contest? Sir, I do not say they
dare not—but I say, I think they will not do this.
Why, sir, like the Danish king in the play, in
whose soul, reeking with foul murder and incest,
the pantomime exhibition of Hamlet awakened
burning horrors, and stimulated to that hellish
revenge on injured innocence, which always ac-
companies conscious guilt, these gentlemen smell
offence in it—to them, the " offence is rank, it
smells to Heaven"—not because it shadows forth
a fantasy—a mere fiction of the brain—but truth,
that stings. 1 tell gentlemen, in my opinion, it is
" no offence i* the world; we that have free souls,
< it touches not us; let the galled jade wince, our
4 withers are unwrung."
" Why, let the stneken deer go weep,
The hart uncalled, plav."
But why are gentlemen so sensitive in this mat-
ter, especially the gentleman from Massachusetts?
Does it call to mind startling reminiscences con-
nected with the conduct of that State during the
war of 1819, and the horrors of that righteous judg-
ment pronounced upon her public men who took
a part against it?
In 1813, when a proposition was made in the
Senate of that State to adopt resolutions expres-
sive of the sense of that body of the gallantry and
good conduct of Captain Lawrence, of the Hornet,
and his officers and crew, in the destruction of the
British ship-of-war Peacock, the following resolu-
tion was proposed by Mi. Gtuincy, and adopted:
"Resolved, (as the sense of the Senate of Massa-
{ chusctts,) That in a war like the present, waged
' icithout justifiable cause, and prosecuted in a man-
i ner which indicates that conquest and ambition
' are its real motives, it is unbecoming a religious
' and moral people to express any approbation of
( military or naval exploits which are not imme-
' diately connected with the defence of our seaboard
' and soil."
Ah, sir! the war of 1812 was denounced by the
public men of Massachusetts, as waged without
justifiable cause, and prosecuted in a manner which
indicated that conquest and ambition were its real
motives ! So her public men denounce the present
war; their charge is the same, their language the
same, their words the same. The country has
long since pronounced its sentence of unqualified
condemnation upon their conduct then, as giving
" aid and comfort" to the enemy, and encouraging
Great Britain to withhold peace, and to continue
the effusion of blood. I say to gentlemen, that
