488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
like conduct now will produce like effects, and will
call forth a like withering judgment.
iVnd now, sir, I have a few words in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] That
member, not satisfied in arraigning the President
before an earthly tribunal, and subjecting him to
the scathing and damning sentence due to such
high offences from a betrayed and indignant people,
has held up in terrorum the judgments of the
world t$ come—that he, , sir 1 he would hold the
President responsible before the bar of Omnipo-
tence.
But, has it never occurred to that modest, that
unassuming gentleman, that he may be somewhat
mistaken as to what he will be permitted to be or
do hereaf^r? Has it never occurred to him, how-
ever sanguine his aspirations, and however vault-
ing his ambition may be to act the high part of at-
torney general before that august tribunal, that he
will be found altogether unworthy of that distinc-
tion? Has it never occurred to him that he him-
self may be there arraigned for the part he lias
taken in this matter, and condemned and sentenced,
as a miserable offender ? 1 do not of course say this
will be so, but I barely name it as among the prob-
abilities belonging to futurity.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire refer to me as having said that I
would hold the President responsible before the
bar of Omnipotence ?
Mr. NORRIS. I do; jbr so the gentleman is
reported to have said in the National Intelligencer.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Has the gentleman from
New Hampshire read my revised speech? If he
has he will find that there is no such thing in it.
Such an idea never entered my soul of threaten-
ing to hold any one responsible before the bar of
Omnipotence. I said no such thing; if I did, it
was a lapsus linquaz.
Mr. NORRIS. I know nothing about the gen-
tleman's revised speech; I nevci have seen that
speech as revised for the New Ilampshiie market.
But I tell the gentleman hcu3cd the words; I took
them down at the time. He was so reported to
have said in the National Intelligencer Ivy one of
the ablest reporters in the country. It might have
been a lapsus lingua of the gentleman, but whether
it was or not, or whether such an idea never en-
tered his soul—he having deliberately made the
declaration upon this floor, and never having com-
plained of the correctness of his reported speech—
I leave it for the committee and the country to
judge.
That member hos told us that every principle of
religion was opposed to tins war; and that it was
a wonder to hnn that the pulpit had not made it-
self more conspicuous on tins matter than it had.
I have understood that from a certain depository
in this city, the speech of that member has been
thrown broadcast through my own State to whet
up the animosities of the political abolition priests
there in favor of the " allied army" against the
Democracy in the political canvass now going on
in that State. I can inform that member that the
political priesthood of that section need not the
** ivhip and spur" from him; that now, as in the
war of 181'2, they aie busy, in season and out of
season, in denouncing the war and the Adminis-
tration, and advocating the cause of their country's
enemy. I would say to the gentleman from Ohio,
in the language of a celebrated English writer:
"Surely the church is a place where one day's
trace ought to be allowed to the dissensions and
animosities of mankind."
An American writer, during the last war with
Great Britain, said:
"Of all the abominations that ili-iri.ico and dishonor this
countiy in tbe>>o portentous tunes, 1 know noting inure de-
serving reprobation than the pio-titutiou of the'pulpit for
party or pohritaJ puipo&e.-;. No hij ii oi'coriecf niiiid can
senou-d> redeel upon it without dtuilrteutHj vutli horror."
"A (*]< r<,ryniJ!i, whose tuncdon^ p.i'enunently icquire
hnn to preach " peace and '.rood will .vuum-f men,5 ascend-,
the pulpit * ^ • he hold* in his hand the 'JV-tamont of
Jesin Christ, which breathes jifUlu nsj but peace * - * *
Ho has for his text the words of Jchh Hum, oi In*. Apostles,
of the most pauiic tendency, and, as a. suitable accompani-
ment for an horn lone, he empires all ht> /enl, all hi& talent^
all his mlluence lor tin; anti-chi Mian, the inhuman puipose
of pnkindlin? among his heareis tne moj-i balelul, ihe most
fmiouti prions of preparing them for insuiicetion and
revolution—for alt the horiois "of civil war!"
Now, as during the war of lyl2, the pulpit from
Sabbath to Sabbath resounds with the desecrating
fulminationsof the political priesthood against their
own country and its riders; like them they preach,
if not in word&precisely the same, yet in substance
so nearly the same as to show that they deserve
not the pitiful claim of originality.
The priests in 1812, said of that war:
Let every man who sanctions this war by his suffrage
or influence remember that he is laboring to cover his country
with blood—the blood of the slain will cry from the ground
against him."
"How viU the supporters of this antichrmtian warfare
endure their sentence—endure their o>in reflections—endure
the fire that forever burns—the worm that never die;—the
hosannas of Heiryen—while the smoke or their tor-
ments ascends forever and fver."
" Is not it (the war) the lawless attack of Goths and Van-
dals, the daiiiiir pillage of wild Aiabs, a licentious outiage
upon all the pi maples of Christianity, an impious abandon-
ment of Divine protection ?"
"The legislators who yielded to this war, when assailed
by the manifesto of their angry chief, established iniquity
and murder by law."
u In the fiivt onset moral principle was sot at defianec—
the laws of God and hopes of man were utterly disdained.
Vice threw off her veP, and ciimes were decked with the
lushest honors. This war not only tokrates oilmen, but
calls for them—demand? them. Crimes aie the food of its
life, the arms of its stiensih. This war i> a monster which
every hour gormandizes a thousand crimes, and yet erics,
give, give, fn ite birth U demanded a violation of all good
faith—perjury of office. In the first moment in which the
dragon moved, piiacyand murder were legalized. Havoc,
dci'thj and confiagratiov, uerc the ? iinuh of her fnrt repast."
" If, at the command of weak or wxckt-t> ritm-rs, they
undertake an unjust war, each man who volunteers his ser-
vices in such a cause, or loans his money tor its support, or
by his conversation, his wiitings*, or any other mode of in-
fluence, encourages its proeeoution, that man is an accom-
plice in the wickedness—loads his conscience with the
blackest enmes—brings the guilt of bi.ood upon his
soul, and in the sight of god and his law is a mur-
derfr."
"Let no considerations mv btetlnen, deter you, at all
times, and on all occasion**, from execiatint: the present
war. [t is a wai unjust, foolish, and ruinous."
Such was the language of political priests then,
nnd such, in substance, arc the damning impreca-
tions with which the gentleman from Ohio and
others upon this floor, and the political priesthood
who join them, arc now surfeiting this country,
Mexico, and the world.
Though these extracts arc from the records of
thirty-five ycar.s ago, they ought now to be held
up as a mirror to gentlemen, in which they can
"see themselves as they are seen," and know
themselves as they are known.
J now bct>; leave to read one very choice extract—
I might select many from the same source—from
a paper printed in my State, it is from the organ
of J. P. Hale, whose name the gentleman from Ohio
told us he loved so dearly to repeat, and edited os-
tensibly by the present Whig Secretary of State of
New Hampshire. I confess [ make this quotation
for the sole gratification of the member from Ohio,
inasmuch as it will be no consonant with his patri-
otic notions--his love of truth—his love of justice
towards a gallant officer of the army—and, above
all, his love of decency, and his known love of
religion, and the meek and pure precepts of the
Gospel. In speaking; of General Taylor nnd the
Mexican war, Mr. Hale's paper says:
"lie (General Tavloi) taf>rs babies tor the market, and
makes mcKhandisc of lu« fellow men 1 He has a bundled
mother*, with oi without then* babe*, for *ale m tliotdiam
ble«!. II R FlMWISITKrf CREOT,E VI RUINS FOli THE
•HRLLS' OF NEW ORLEANS, and uotsonthe ruins of
.souls tor whom the Mail of fcnuiows died."
Now, while I will not discuss the question of
taste with the member from Ohio, I put it to him
to say whether he believes this publication, ema-
nating most probably from that exalted personage
whose name he loves so denrly to repeat, is true,
or whethei he believes it to be a wilfully obscene,
craven, and blasphemous falsehood—the basest
conception of a wicked heart, and the vilest utter-
ance of a false and malicious tongue, against a
brave and worthy officer, for the purpose' of stir-
ring up sectional prejudices, and to sour the minds
and imbitter the feelings of the peojile against the
war and the Administration ?
Sir, I advise the member from Ohio to take this
precious quotation, have it set in letters of gold,
and richly encased; that hp carry it home, hang it
up in his parlor, for his wife, children, and friends
to look at as a pattern of the decency and patriot-
ism of his dcaiest friend, with the most sacred in-
: junction that it be transmitted as a relic to future
generations of his family.
In conclusion, I will say, that I am not sorry
that this debate has arisen, with all its bitterness.
It proves, what has been so often denied, that a
large portion of the Whig party in Congress is, in
spirit, the same as that party which, in former
days, has, in almost all controversies with foreign
nations, endeavored to place our enemies in the
right and our country in the wrong.
After having suffered wrongs, multiplied to such
an extent that forbearance was no longer tolerable,
a sixpenny tax upon tea, wrongfully attempted to
be wrung from the people of the old thirteen colo*
nies, brought on the war of the Revolution. Yet.
in that memorable struggle for liberty and national
existence, there were many who prayed for the
success of the troops of King George—many who
were ready to betray the country into the hands of
the enemy, and to smother forever the fires that
had been kindled upon the altars of freedom.
The cruel impressment of American seamen by
Great Britain, and her piratical Orders in Council",
by which American vessels, owned and navigated
by American citizens, and laden with American
productions, were illegally seized, condemned, and
confiscated, brought on the war of 1815. Yet there
were those—and a strong and powerful party, too
—who were openly and actively engaged in giving
aid and comfort to the enemy. They vilified Mr.
Madison; they denounced the war as " Jim Madi-
son's war"—as an Executive and unconstitutional
war—as a war undertaken for the corrupt and
wicked designs of ambition and conquest; they
threatened to compel the President to resign, and
to banish him to the island of Elba; they discour-
aged loans and enlistments; they voted in this Hall
against raising men and money for the defence of
the country's rights and honor.
Then, as now, there was no time or occasion so
hallowed, no place so consecrated, no crisis in the
country's affairs so critical, as to restrain them from
their unholy aims. Then, as now, the halls of legis-
lation, the pulpit, and the great portion of the Fed-
eral press, sent forth their denunciatory resolutions,
their pious anathemas, and treacherous slanders,
against their own Government, the justness of its
cause, and those who sustained it. A like judg-
ment as overtook those who took a part against
their country in those wars, in my belief, awaits
those who side with the enemy in this.
Mr. CARROLL replied to points made by Mr.
Norius, and argued that the annexation of Texas
was the cause of the war. He had always depre-
cated the annexation, and he denounced as en-
tirely unworthy of our Government, and a violation
of the great principles of justice, the waging a
war of conquest, and urged that Congress should
make a declaration that this war should not be
waged for conqucst, or annexation of territory.
The conscquences of the acquisition of territory
could be none other than disastrous in the extreme
to the happiness and permanence of the Union;
far more so than the war itself.
Mr. C. congratulated the northern democracy
that they had at last come on to the true "Whig
platform, and were now resisting determinedly,
the acquisition of slave territory. Had they so
acted when Texas was brought in—had they come
boldly up to the standard of Whig principles, we
should never have been involved in the difficulties
which have now thickcned around us. He ex-
horted them, however, to take one step further,
and say with the Whigs, that no territory*what-
ever should be acquired.
lie complaincd of the unjust and ungenerous
course of the dominant party in this House, in
compelling: the Whigs to vote for the preamble of
the war bill, (whieh they considered false,) or to
go against the bill itself, nnd thus withhold succor
from our army, when in peril; and contended
that they were not thus foreclosed (as was now
urged) from expressing their views of the injustice
of, and arraigning the President for plunging us
into this war. Pie considered it a war of con-
quest, and that it was now (if it continued to he
prosecuted in the same manner as at present) little
nearer a termination than at the beginning. And
the surest, and perhaps the only way of concluding
it, was that Congress should declare that conquest
was not its object, and that not a foot of Mexican
territory should be acquired. But although dis-
approving of its ends and purposes, he would vote
all necessary supplies for the maintenance of our
army now in the field.
Mr. DROMG30LE next addressed the com-
mittee. He said: Although I have succeeded in
obtaining the floor, I know not that I shall endea-
vor to occupy the whole hour allotted to me. I
desire to say something in connexion with the ap-
propriation we propose to make in the bill before
us for the support of the army and for the prose-
cution of the war. Confining myself to this view
of the case, I shall excuse myself from going back
