490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
makes an appropriation for one year, commencing:
•with the beginning of the next fiscal year; so that
all the objection upon the ground of violating the
Constitution vanishes into thin air.
But, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts
complained that the bill making this appropriation,
and to continue till 1848, would have the effect of
empowering the President to go on with his
schemes of " conquest," i( layiog waste," " pil-
laging," &c. Well, sir, it is true that the appro-
priation is to enable the President, as is his duty
to do, to prosecute the war; and I would ask any
gentleman here or elsewhere, whether he declares
that thelegislative power can interfeieatall with the
manner of prosecuting the war after we have once
authorized it? The Executive power, the Execu-
tive power alone, is intrusted with conducting it,
and any attempt upon the part of Congress to de-
signate the mode in which it is to be conducted, j
what country shall be overrun, to what part our
army shall be withdrawn, is a legislative usurpa-
tion, an encroachment upon the Executive power.
Will you do the injustice to the President of hold-
ing him accountable for the prosecution of the
war and the success of our arms, and then under-
take, pragmatically and m violation of the Consti-
tution, by the legislative power, to control the exer-
cise of his power ?
* Sir, this is no new question. It was agitated in
the Convention which formed the Constitution,
whether Congress should have the power to direct
the prosecution of war—for that was the original
diaftof the Constitution; and, upon motion and
solemn tugument, it was decided that the President
alone should be intrusted with the prosecution of
war. Congress, then, has only the power to de- :
clare war, to authorize it, and furiush supplies for ;
conducting it. The President, as commander-in- ;
chief of the army, supported by these supplies,.is
to exorcise ins discretion in prosecuting this war,
according to the constitutional powers vested in
him, according to the established usages of nations,
and the principles of international law.
Again, Mr. Chairman, I refer to 3d volume of
Mr. Madison'sPapeis, 351st page, upon the clause
to make war:
{< On Hie Uuuse to make wai—
" Mr Vinc"knky opposed lite vesting this power in the Le-
gir l:iture. Its proceeding were too slow. It would meet
but once a year. The House ol Ilepre>entativeB would be
too numeiou- tbrsueb dehbi-iation^. The Senate would lie
the Ik5,1 dejioMlorv, being moie aeiiuamted with tbieign nf-
tuiis, and mo-it capable of pioper resolutions. II tlu: States
ai e equal!) represented in (he Senate, .so .is lo give no advan-
tage to the latgc States, the power will, notwithstanding, he
safe, as the small have tlicii nil at slake in such ea.scs as well
a-, the kuge States, it would be singular loi one authority
to make wai, and iinothei pence.
" Mi. Bi tul:r. The obji eimns a«arnst the Legislature he
m a great degree against lire Senate. He was for vesting the
puwi in tin* President, who will have all the iequi-ite quali-
ties., and will not make war but when the nation will sup-
poit it."
Sir, there was a contest; one party maintaining
that it ought to be m the Senate, another in Con-
gress, and another—Mr. Butler, of South Caioli-
na, (not the gentleman now in the Senate,)—main-
taining that the power to make war, unconditional,
unconstneted, should be vested in the Executive.
But, .sir, a wise mean was adopted—adopted upon
the joint motion of Mr. Madison and Mr. Gen y:
u Mr. Madison and Mi. Gurry moved to Insert' declare,'
striking out < make' war; leaving to the Executive the power
to iept'1 sudden attacks.
" Mr. Shkkm 4.x thought it stood very well. The Executive
fhould be able to repel, and not to commence war. £ Make'
is better than i declare,' the latter nairow ing the power too
inueh.
« Mt. Gfrry never expected to hear, in a republic, a mo-
tion to empower thy Executive alone to deelaie war.
'• Mr. Ellsworth. Theic ii a mateiiai difference be-
tween the times ot making var and making peace. It should
be more easy to got out of u ai tti.ni into it. Wai also is u
simple and ovei t declatation- peace atfndert with intricate
and seen t negotiations.
<■ !Mi. Maso.n h.i-s against giving the power of win to the
Executive, became not safely to bo tilisted with it; 01 to the
Senate, beenu-o not so conducted as to be entitled to it.
He a-. i'<! clOirgihL', rather than facilitating war, hut for fa-
cilitating peace. He picfcried 'thclwc' to 'tnake.'
" On the molion to insert *<Iei lcu-c> in place ot ' makeit
was agiced to Connecticut/ Pennsylvania, Jlclau arc, Ma-
ryland, Virginia, Noith Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
ay—S, New Hampshire, no—I; Ma-saehusetts, absent.
Thus, sir, the language of the Constitution, and
the debate upon it, as to what that language should
be, imply, show conclusively, that the province of
" ' Connecticut voted in the negative; but on the lemark
by Mr. Kivo that 4 m«/ce' war might be undeistood to <<on-
tlt'cO it, winch was an executive function, Mr. Ellsworth
gave up liis objection, and the vote was changed to ay,5
declaring war is alone the power vested in Con-
gress, and that, after its declaration, the prosecu-
tion of the war is intrusted alone to the Executive.
He, as commander-in-chief, vested with the autho-
rity, is responsible to the country for the manner
in which he conducts it; and the attempt to inter-
fere, under pretence of not acquiring territory, or
any other pretence, is but a pretext to interfere
with the legitimate functions of the President; is
but an attempt, under the semblance of preserving
the rights of the people and restraining military
power, to clog and impede the progress of our
arms, and consequently delay—how long nobody
knows—the termination of the war.
And, sir, the same gentlemen who have thus en-
deavored to interfere legislatively with the proper
functions of the Executive, would be the first to
cry out against htm for any misfortunes attending
our campaign—would be the first to proclaim that
he had not so ordered and arranged our army as to
acquire victory and forward our conquests.
So long, then, Mr. Chairman, as the war does
exist, and so long as supplies of men and money
are given for its prosecution, we are to look to the
Executive alone for the prosecution of the war;
and the only mode by which the legislative power
can cheek him is by the extreme resort of with-
holding supplies, of refusing to pass acts for the
raising of menand the appropriation of money.
Hence, sir, the President, in informing us at the
commencement of this session, m his message
which has been so much condemned for prolixity,
and in lccounting all the grievances and causes of
complaint we have against Mexico, says itis pros-
ecuted to redress all these accumulated injuries,
which are sufficient justification for it. And it is
but right that he should detail at the commence-
ment of the session whatever are the existing dif-
ficulties between us and Mexico, what are the
wrongs of which we complain, and what is there-
dress we are to seek and secure.
I do not, Mr. Chairman, consider it altogether
as strictly within our province to declare particu-
larly how this war ought to be prosecuted, where
the blow ought to be struck, what country ought
to be overrun, and to what portion our army should
be withdrawn. These questions belong to the
Executive. As a Repiesentative of the people,
however, speaking for the people of my district, 1
am willing to declare my belief that the war ought
to be prosecuted with renewed energy and vigor;
that its vigorous prosecution alone will secure
peace. No timid, halting, half-way measures will
secure to us peace with such a people as the Mexi-
cans. We must prosecutc it, to convince her of
our ability to redress our grievances; we must go
on and convince her of our power to conquer and
subdue her; and if, before our final accomplish-
ment of that, they should come to their senses, and
be willing to make peace, why, we ought to be
ready to meet them in a spirit of magnanimity and
liberality, and with a desire to cement firmly our
future peace and friendship.
But, say gentlemen, we ought to connect with
our appropriations for the prosecution of the war
a declaration that we do not mean to conquer or
dismember Mexico. Ay, sir, that, indeed, is a
wise policy! Gentlemen will appropriate millions
upon millions for our soldiers, to support them,
j and couple it with a declaration that they ought
' not to conquer the enemy ! Why, sir, in what an
j attitude are gentlemen placed who maintain such a
! position > In the attitude of advocating what they
would make, if their counsels prevailed, a useless,
J profligate expenditure of money. Is it worth
I while to pass this or any other bills appropriating
[ twenty, thirty, or foity millions of dollars for the
! purpose of supporting our army, and carrying on
I a war with Mexico, if you declare you will not
! conquer the country ? Sir, the war can be carried
! on only in the enemy's country.
Sir, as we cannot foreknow or foresee with what
1 obstinacy or perseverance the Mexicans will hold
j out, under what necessity we may be to prosecute
' this war with the extremest vigor justified by the
j laws of nations. How can we beforehand declare
we will not overrun the country, or what we will
do when the war terminates ? Are we prepared to
say we will not conquer the country—that we will
not take any portion of the territory? We do not
know what will be the obligations of duty when
the time comes. W^e do not know on what basis
peace will be made—whether on the basis of re-
storing everything as it was before the war com-
menced, or on the basis of uti possidetis. We
have no power to direct the movements of ths
army, or the mode of the prosecution of the war;
and all these efforts to make a legislative declara-
tion to this effect are transcending our constitutional
power.
Sir, it would not be amiss, did time permit—and
I had intended to do so, at an earlier part of the
session, if I could have obtained the floor—to go
fully into the declaration of war, the definition of
war, and the rights and duties of this country in the
prosecution of war. Sir, I have some authorities.
There is one more modern writer than Vattel, and
eminent professor of law, late of the University of
Gottingen, Martens.
[Mr. D. read certain extracts from Martens,
sustaining his views (subsequently expressed) in
reference to the establishment of provisional gov-
ernments over the conquered territory, levying
contributions from its inhabitants, &c., &c.]
Sir, we have declared that both nations—the
Republic of the United States and the Government
of Mexico—are in a state of war, in which the
whole nation, each member of our republic, stands
opposed, and in the light of an enemy to Mexico
and Mexican authorities and subjects. And al-
though the President has declared, and I believe
sincerely declared, that he, in conducting the war,
in performance of his duty as the agent of his Gov-
ernment, has no desire to conquer the country for
the purpose of holding it as a mere conquest; yet
he could not have meant that he did not cross the
Rio Grande and prosecute the enemy for the pur-
pose of conquering them. As a mere conquest, he
had no such desire. I do not suppose there is a
man in America who would not unite in the senti-
ment that we have no desire to dismember their
republic, or hold their soil by conquest. But we
cannot foresee what will be the final issue—what
will finally become our duty in prosecuting the war
against an infuriated and persevering foe.
Sir, the question comes up, if we cannot make
peace, whether we are to prosecute the war vigor-
ously, or whether we are to endeavor legislatively
to control the President, and cause our army to
stand still by their arms, and wait the successive
approaches of the enemy—whether timid counsels
are to prevail—whether we are to plant upon a
ceitain line our soldiers, where they will die
of sickness in the valley of the Rio Grande,
and be marks to be shot at and speared by the
enemy, or whether they are to have the privilege
of pursuing them. Sir, the proposition of with-
drawing our troops into a certain portion of the
territory of Mexico, and defending it, is too ridic-
; ulous, as a war measure, to need or require se-
j rious comment. I have undertaken previously to
show that it would be a usurpation of power on
the part of Congress to attempt any such thing.
I admit, perhaps, if this war continue, it may be-
come the duty of the next Congress, when the
country is overrun by our arms, and when they
arc officially and authoritatively informed by the
President that the country is in our possession,
and he recommends to Congress to adopt some
legislation by which the civil rights of the citizen
may be secured—I shall not say it may not be
the duty of Congress to make provisional arrange-
ment for the government of the country during the
prosecution of the war. Its effect, would he to se-
cure the civil rights of the people, and to mitigate
the horrors of war and the rigors of military dis-
cipline. Iience, if this war continues, and we
maintain our military possession of the various
provinces, it will become not only a duty which
the Government owes us and our army, but an act
of humanity, to establish provisional government
over the country held by our arms.
Sir, besides the wrongs to be redressed, the
maintenance of our national honor and national
glory, should be equally an object of care with us,
as it is m all civilized and well-regulated Govern-
ments. Sir, whenever we shall become dead to
the voice of honor, and to the whisperings of that
glory which should adorn us, tl)en shall we fall
into disrespect with all other nations. Hence,
there is no duty more sacred than that of pre-
I serving the national honor, the glory of our arms,
and the dignity of the republic. Then , in addition
to the accumulated grievances of which we com-
plain, and the expenses which ought to be indem-
nified to us, we have now involved our character,
our honor; and in view of this, what patriot can
advise that our army should retreat before the foe!
