1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
and retire ignominously into our own territory!
Would that maintain the honor of the country?
the glory of our arms? Put the question to the
American people between this and the next session
of Congress, Shall the war be* prosecuted? Shall
the rights of the country be maintained? There will
be but one response throughout the country in favor
of it. It is true you hear some whisperings of dis-
satisfaction , some murmurs of discontent, at the glo-
ries we have achieved; but it was the case during the
revolutionary war, and the last war, that we heard
such croakings, and evil forebodings of our fate.
We must, then, under a proper sense of our wrongs,
with a proper regard to our honor, continue the
prosecution of this war, restrained alone by the prin-
ciples which govern nations. Hitherto we have
exercised lenity and forbearance; the extreme rigors
justified by the laws of nations, have not been
enforced. It is my decided conviction, that they
ought now to be enforced. Sir, with that view,
we ought to exercise the right, consistently with
honor and propriety, to make the inhabitants of
the country we are subduing contribute to the sup-
port of our arms. The extreme rigor of the law
would justify us to confiscate all the property of the
country, both public and private. Then, it is an
act of humanity, and an amelioration of the rigors
of the law, to tell the citizens that they shall be
protected in their property, but shall contribute
a small modicum for the support of the invading
army; for to the unresisting citizen, to the peace-
able inhabitant, it will be an army of protection;
much more effectual protection of their interests
and property than the incursions of the wild ran-
cheros of their own country.
[From this point Mr. D., by turning away, was
very imperfectly heard by the reporter, and a mere
reference to his remaining points only is attempt-
ed.]
Omitting reference to various authorities, Vattel
and others, which he had marked, he proceeded
to say, that there could be no more ardent advo-
cate than he for mitigating the rigors of the law;
and not enforcingtoo rigidly our rights under the
laws of nations, unless circumstances require us to
march up to them fully. But he considered it had
now become our duty, not only to ourselves, our
rights and honor, but as the best mode of speedily
terminating this war, to carry it 011 with all the
rights and privileges wc have under the law of
nations, to conquer the country, levy contribu-
tions, and if, finally, there is no other mode of ob-
taining peace, if our armies stiil go 011 with success
in the prosecution of the war, it must inevitably
end in the entire subjugation of the country, and
the subversion of the existing Government.
And we have a right, if peace is still refused, to
substitute our own authority for the authority of
the Government now existing, and require the in-
habitants to acknowledge allegiance to us. And
should it come to the last and extreme crisis, if we
are compelled to establish military authority over
the subverted Government, he would not hesitate
to advocate that we proclaim that those who might
be found at the head of the enemy's forccs, in re-
sistance to our atithority, shall be punished as
rebels. The private who was forced into this ser-
vice against his will, he would exempt from this
summary punishment.
He referred to the general enthusiasm through-
out the country in favor of the war; everywhere
the American people went for prosecuting it vigor-
ously, in vindication of our national honor and
national rights. And he alluded more especially
to the noble example of a portion of his district—
Petersburg; their patriotic efforts in the raising of
men and money, and the enthusiasm with which
all the men, sustained and cheered by the counte-
nance and warm approval of their fair country-
women, (upon whom he pronounced a gallant and
glowing eulogium,) had inlisted in the country's
cause.
He also alluded to the comparison which had
been instituted between the respective forces of the
United States and Mexico at present, and of those
of our colonies and Great Britain during the revo-
lutionary war, and to the unfavorable inference, as
to the final result of the present war, which''had
been drawn therefrom by Mr. Delano and other
gentlemen. He took directly the opposite view,
and argued that if our colonies, with a population
of three millions, were able successfully 10 contend
with Great Britain, with her vast military and na-
val forces, much more would the United States,
with a population of twenty millions, be able to
conquer Mexico (if she obstinately persisted in her
refusal to comply with our just demands) with only
about eight millions of inhabitants.
In conclusion, he indicated his favor of the ap-
pointment of a lieutenant general; but forbore to
enter into any argument upon it at this time.
[The speech of Mr. D., as revised by himself,
will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. HENLEY obtained the floor, but two min-
utes remaining to debate, and gave notice of an
amendment he should offer to permit the construc-
tion, by individual enterprise, of a dam and lock at
the falls of the Ohio river, and expressed tl|p hope
that so important a work—one in which half the
people of the Union were interested, would receive
the favorable action of the committee.
Mr. THOMASSON, in the few moments left,
objected to the adoption of the amendment of Mr.
Henley, unless he would suffer it to be amended
in a manner as suggested by him.
Mr. HENLEY acccpted the proposition as a
modification of his own amendment.
The: hour of three o'clock having arrived, debate
ceased, according to the order of the House adopt-
ed yesterday, and the committee proceeded to vote
011 amendments.
The two following provisoes, offered by Mr.
WiNTHROPto the first clause of the bill, were re-
jected:
(iProvided, That no more than a propoitionate amount of
the money appropuated by the two first tedious of this hill
shall be expended during any one quarter of the year lor
winch said appropriations are made.
"Provided, uho, That s>o much of said appropriations as
shall he unexpended at the next meeting of Congress, shall
be subject to reconsideration and revocation."
The third proviso, offered by MhWinthrop to
the first clause, was agreed to, in the following
words:
"Provided, further, That these appropriations are made
with no view of sanctioning any piosecuuon of the existing
war with Mexico for the acquisition of terrttoiy to form new
States to be added to the Union, or lor the dismemberment
in any way ol the Republic of Mexico."
The bill was then read by items, and, as the
reading proceeded—
On motion of Mr. McKAY, many of the items
contained in the first section of the bill were en-
larged, by incorporating therein (as the reporter
believes) sundry appropriations contained in a
second section, which second section was after-
wards stricken out. It is deemed unnecessary to
give these amendments in detail, as a statement of
all the appropriations made by the bill will be
found in its proper place.
Mr. GENTRY moved the following amendment
at the end of the first section:
" For providing for the comlort of discharged soldiers who
may he landed at New Orleans, or other place? within the
Un i ted States, so disabled by diseases 01 by wounds received
hi the service, as to be unable; to proceed to their homes, and
foi forwarding destitute soldicis to then homes, ft,300,000;
said sum to he applied and expended under the dnection of
the Secretary ol War "
The amendment was agreed to: Ayes 79, noes
74.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved the following
amendment at the end of the bill:
" For leimbur&ing to the legal representatives of the late
Lieutenant George E Blake, of the Topographical Engi-
neer, the amount which has been deducted fiom his pay in
consequence of the robbery from Inm of Government funds
wlnle in performance of active duty with the at my oi the
United States, $500."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. McKAY moved a number of additional
items, to come in at the end of the bill, which were
agreed to.
Mr. LUMPKIN moved the following amend-
ment:
"Jind be it further enacted, That an act entitled <An act to
provide for the payment of horses and other pioperfy lost 111
the mihtaiy set vice of the United Slates,'approved the 18th
ol January, 1837, and all other acts and parts of acts relating
to the same subiect. be and the same are heieby continued
in force for a period of two years from and after the 3d day
of March, 1647.
" And be it further enacted, That the above recited acts
shall be so consti ued hy the accounting officers of the treas-
ury, as to allow to team claimants, or those who have enteied
the military service of the United States by contract, pay-
ment for ail losses of piopcrty that they have sustained,
where the same was abandoned as unfitfor service by order
of the commanding gencial, the commanding oiheei, or
wagon-master, orotherwise lo«t ordestroyed by unavoidable
accident, without any fault or negligence of the owners,
and when they were in the line of their duty."
Mr. G. W. JONES raised'a point of order. A
part of the amendment was irrelevant to the bill.
The CHAIR ruled the second part (section) out
of order.
Mr. LUMPKIN then offered the first section of
his amendment. Disagreed to.
Mr. BOYD, by direction of the Committee on
Military Affairs, moved the following amendment:
"For the purchase of ground and the erection of addi-
tional buildings at Newpoit Barracks, Kentucky, £24,0j0."
Mr. SEABORN JONES moved to amend the
amendment by striking out §24,000, and inserting
$15,000. Agreed to.
The question was then put on Mr. Boyd's
amendment as amended, and decided m the nega-
tive: Ayes 37, noes 81.
Mr. BURT, by direction of the Committee on
Military Affairs, moved the following amendment:
"For Mary E. D. BJaney, adimni>tratr/x of MajorGeorge
31aney, deceased,the sum of $1,765 46, the amount due the
said Major George BJaney at the time of his death."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. BURT appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The question was stated and put on the appeal,
and the Chair sustained.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH moved the following
amendment:
"Foi th'! continuance of the Cumberland or National
Military ltoad m the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Mi-bouri, §300,000, .-^50,000 to be expended in Ohio, §10^,100 #
m Indiana, $16 ),000 111 Illinois, and $50,000 in the State of
Missouri."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. BEDINGER moved the following amend-
ment, which was disagreed to;
"Jind be it further enacted, That of the sum allowed by the
act approved the 8th of August, 1848, entitled 'An act ma-
king appropriations for the suppoit of the army for fhe year
ending on the 30th of June, 1S47,' to be applied to iep<iirs
at the national armones, such amount as in the judgment
of the Secretaiy of War may be deemed necessary, not ex-
ceeding $50,231, may be applied to the purchase of land
from individuals and fiom the town of Harper's Fetry, Vir-
ginia, and the assent of Congress is heieby given to such
puicha-e."
Mr. LUMPKIN moved the following amend-
ment, which was ruled out of order:
Be it further enacted, That th<j sum ol $100,000 he, and
the same is heieby appiopuaU d, foi the purchase of sites,
ami the erection of suitable buildings theicon, foi two na-
tional foundsie3, one site to be in Cass eountv, Georgia, at
or near the place wheie the Western and Atlantic Itaihoad
crosses the Etowah nvci; and the other site to be in the
State of I'ennsylvania, and to be located at such puint in
said State as commissioners, to be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, shall determine is most suitable
for a national foundry."
Mr. FRIES moved the following amendment:
" Jind be it further enacted, That the Seci etary of War be,
and he is hereby authorized and directed, to contract v\iih
any person or persons for the construction of a dam and
locks for the skekwater navigation of the Falls of the Ohio,
su as to permit vessels of <iny t-ue to pass whenever they
can navigate that river above or below • Provided, That such
works shall be eoiwttuctud under the dnection of an engi-
neer apponited tor the purpose by said Seeietaiy, the con-
ti actors fi>r fcaid work giving adequate security toi its piornpt
and faithful execution, who shall be limited 10 a compensa-
tion foi said work of twenty cents per measured ton of the
voxels that pass iluough the said lock aftei its completion :
Provided, further, That the United States >hall have the
light at anytime of purchasing said work at the original cost
ol irs construction: Jind also provided, fvrtkc} more, That the
Secretary of War be directed to advertise, within sixty dajs
after the adjournment of this Congress, for proposals for the
construction of said woik,and to award the contract to who-
evei shall, within sixtj clay-* after said advcitisement, oiler
to construct said woik at the lowest rates ot tolls there-
on, upon the conditions and within the limits herembcfoie
prescribed: Provide!, furtlwr, That nothing heiem contained
?.hall be consti ued as pre,venting the H-jcietaiy of Wdi, at his.
discretion, to renew the ailveiti^emcnt, and extend the fine
for the reception of proposals for the eonstiuction of the said
work, if such proposals shall not have been submitted within
the tune limited for that put pose as will secure its prompt
construction, in accordance with the intent and meaning of
this section of this act."
The CHAIR ruled this amendment out of or-
der.
Mr. HENLEY appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
The question was stated and put on the appeal,
and the Chair sustained.
Mr. BOWDON moved the following amend-
ment; which was disagreed to:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretaiy of War be,
and he 1-5 hereby, authorized and required to refund, out of
any money in the treasury not otherwise apptopnafed, to
individuals (or their repiesentatives) who weie attached to
the compamc-5 formed in the counties of Talhipoo.a, Talla-
dega, and Coosa, m the State of Alabama, in 1846, and who
weie called upon to serve, and weie mustered into seivice,
for six months, and discharged 011 failure to consent tuseive
twelve months, the sever;)! amounts which said xolunteers,
so discharged, paid for clothing for -ix months, which
amounts shall be settled on just and equitable principles.
