492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
« Jirul be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War he,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay the mounted volunteers
stationed at Fort Atkinson, Iowa, and disbanded by order of
the Secretary of War, for six months' service, having been
nmstored for twelve months' service."
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
as amended.
Mr. McDowell, of Ohio, moved the previous
question, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered, viz: Will the House concur with
the committee in their amemlments ?
The first amendment was read, viz: the third
proviso offered by Mr. Winthrop. A separate
vote was demanded on it. It was decided, by yeas
and nays, as follows: Yeas 76, nays 126.
So the House refused to concur with the com-
mittee in this amendment.
The other amendments were then read and con-
curred in, except the amendment moved by Mr.
Gentry, on which a separate vote was demanded;
and the question being; taken, that was also con-
curred id: Yeas 12], nays 54.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and was engrossed and read a
third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill;
and the previous question being moved, under its
operation the bill was passed. Yeas 152, nays 28.
The bill as it passed the House, makes the fol-
lowing appropriations:
For pay of the army 3,365,462
Fur commutation ot officers* subsistence  610,742
For coinimiuiuon ofiorago foi ofl'icers' hoi sea  14fl,G-10
Fdi payments in lion ot ciouiiglbroiiiciMs'iU'ivants 42,810
For piy of volunteers, including geneial and stall'
officer ' 2,815,
Foi ! ulw*>tence tn kind of the army and volunteers
and employes 2,211,626
For clothing of the army, camp and gaiu&on equi-
page  ^  97-1,000
Fui K\puns«js of leeruitinji, including bounties  110,000
Foi itiree months' exti.i pay to non-commissioned
ofTiceisi, iim-icMiis, and pmate*  12,000
Foi icfiitl.ti Mipplicst of the fjU.iitcrma-tcrS depait-
mcnt. ronsi •imgof fuel, forage lor horses, mules,
o\en« of *ti aw lot holdiois' bedding, stationeiy,
pnntmg, &e 3,710,600
Foi incidental exponas of the quarteimaster's de-
p'ltumml, const-Ming of postage, expenses of
oourr-MtKutial, hue ol laborur-, See., including
the puu*ha.-e   f lunacs to supply the places oi
thove wlueh may b" lost and heeouie unlit for
him vice,  2,173,300
For lopiiung and enlaigmg bairacks, quartets,
ytoreliour-e^, and Ito-pitalt-, at the several pos.t<,
kc 1,107,200
Foi tian-poiiatiou ot'nlhrm' ba^gnge, when uavcl-
lin^on duly without noup^   00,000
For it.Hi-jioii-iMoii of (mop, atid supplies of the
atnn, ineiudjn^ the Ita^.ige oi tioop> when mo-
\m  eifljcr by land or water, ii.'ighls and ler-
"'^,<4 f>,2J3,300
Fot contnig;-n.-ies oi the auny  .'.0,000
Pm medical and hospital depaitment  1;>(},0U0
Foi pun ha-o of oidnauce, ordnance stores, and
t-uppln-  3r,7,r>20
For cunent e\penves of the oidnance service  100 (.00
!<\>r ai mainent of fortirications  50,0J0
Foi mannl.ictuie ol .trait* .it the national anuoru s .. 300,000
Foi lep.ui-and impiovenients and new machmeiy
at Springfield annory  l.> 000
Foi k pairs and iiupiovemcufs and new maclnnery
at JIai p.ai«Vii v iimioi)  l-i,iW0
Foi aiM'iiaN  yo,000
Foi evpeiiH^ ot piepann" drawings of a umfoun
system ol ,uul!ci\  5^00
Foi snivel", with ainne.Mii the fi-Id  20,000
Foi pi o\ idiiig for the eomfoit oi discharged awl dis-
abled soldiers, and for fot warding destitute sol-
dier- to their homes  500 000
The following appiopnations are made to -upply dciicjeu-
cies m appiopnations for the service of the present fiscal
veai:
For pa> of"volunteers, under the lesolimon of 8th
Au'iust, 18-Hi *150,000 00
r or j a> ot \ oluiit'.'ers under act of 13th May, 1846," 113 00J 00
tor travelling afiosvawe of volunteers 500,000 00
Foi iransp.u tation and supplies, &c., m quarter-
master's department  4,000,000 00
rorsemre ot puvate phj.sienins, including the
puielia.se of mulicai and hospital supplies  65,000 00
For pay, including snb^tenec and otbei allow-
ances to oiheei s of the ten lesmnents of regular
^ troops auMionzed dtmng the pios-ent Mission., 3^7,973 00
Foi MilKj^t. nee hj kind for >anl regiments. 221 511 5*2
For pav of eleven regiment- of vuhinteeis lecent- '
fj ca/'ei? mio soi vice 1,003,110 00
iot sui)-i.-t..iice in kind of bam re<riinents of \ol-
   283,418 85
J<oi expenses in recnnting, including bounties.. 262.895 00
For oidnance, oidnauce stores, ami supplies..,. 452,557 00
For rnpair and continuatiou ot toads and bridges
tor the u-o ot armies m the Held . 100,000 00
Mr. McKAY moved that on and after to-mor-
row, the daily hour to which the House shall
stand adjourned, shall be ten o'clock, until other-
wise ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the motion so
that, from and after to-morrow, the House will
take a recess from three till five o'clock daily.
Disagreed to.
The question was then put on Mr. McKay's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in pursuance of the resolution of the
House of the 25th of March, 1844, a supplemen-
tary report showing the proceedings under the
bankrupt law in sundry States. Laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
II. A communication from the Secretary of
State, transmitting, agreeably to the act of March
2, 1819, tabular statements showing the number
and designation of passengers who arrived in each
collection district of the United States during the
year ending September 30fh last. Laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, for the use of the members of the
House of Representatives, two hundred and sev-
enty-five copies of the Navy Register. Laid on
the table.
IV. A letter from the Register of the Treasury,
in answer to the resolution of the House of the
17th instant, referring to the Register of the Treas-
ury for examination the manuscript work embra-
cing the Public Accounts from the 4th of March,
1789 to "18*29, purchased by order of the House of
Henry Elliot, at the last session. Referred to the
Committee on Accounts.
y Bills from the Senate of the following titles were
severally read a first and second time, and appro-
priately referred:
A n act supplemental to the act passed on the 9th
of July, 1846, entitled "An act to retrocede the
county of Alexandria in the District of Columbia
to the State of Virginia."
An act to provide for transporting the mail of
the United Slates to Oregon.
The bill from the Senate to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to regulate the carriage of passen-
ger* in merchant vessels, and to determine the time
when said act shall take effect," was next taken
up and read a first and second time; when the
question was put, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. G. W. JONES moved to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THURMAN and Mr. P1LLSBURY advo-
cated the passage of the bill.
The question was put on referring the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, when it appeared that
no quorum voted.
The House then adjourned.
of John Montgomery and 57 other citizens of Medina coun-
ty, Ohio, to grant a tract of land for building a railroad to
Oregon.
Correction.—In the report of Mr. McClet.tand's re-
marks, made the 18th instant, on the point of order raised by
Mr. Douglass, relative to Mr. McC.'s amendment to the
Wisconsin Ilaiboi Bill, the latter gentleman is made to say
that the amendment \vas one " in winch the whole Union
had an interest, but of which the people had been ' defraud-
ed' in a way they would not soon forget." This is a mis-
take. Mr. McC. did not use such an expression, and did
not in any way allude to the veto of last session. His opin-
ions of the veto are recorded, and are unchanged; but it
would not (Mi. McC. hays) accoid with his usual couise to
make u^e of such an eTpte^sion as (in the confusion of the
Hall) was attributed to him.
PETITIONS, &c.
Petitions, memorials, &c., were presented and
referred, under the rule, as follows:
Hy Mi. Wool)- The petition of [Uciiard Street and otli-
cr.«, in I'-lanon to the public land-.
l>y Mi. M. L. MARTIN: Tnc petition of citizens of
Dodge county, WWohmii, loi a mail route from Oak Grove,
via Lowell and Eibi, to Columim>.
By Mi HUDSON: The pennon of Elihu Cutler and otii-
eis, of floilisston, Massachu UU, piaying for the restoration
of peace to the conntrj.
B\ Mr. McC Id) AN . The memorial of 8.> citizens of Penn-
s\lvaina and Maryland, praying for the establishment of a
mail toute fiom McOonnulMmig, Bcdtord county, Pennsyl-
vania. to Hancock, Mai \ land.
Mi. MAOiiAY The p' tmnn of M. UUhoefier, C. p.
L>al\, and othei citizens of New Voile, prayum tor an act to
pen.nt the public -hip-; m the United Stares not employed
in the public rtiMwce to be commissioned lor transpoiting
conttilmtions of main, &cc., for the uhet of Ireland.
By Mi. GORDON: The petition of inhabitants of Dela-
ware and Otsego counties, New York, for the establishment
of a po't route l'iom Cumion >villo to Unadilla.
By Mr McDANiEL.: The petition ol tliu inhabitants of
Putnam county, Mi.-souii, asking the establishment ol a post
route m said county.
By Mi. GIDDUVGS: A petition to prohibit t-lavcryfrom
any territory which we may obtain fiom Mexico. Also, pe-
titibns lioni" Pierpont J£du ards and 2-2 othei citizens of Can-
held, Ohio; ot Oliver Claik and othur cui/.ensot Ohio; and
ot l.ot Holmes and 47 other citizens of Ohio, prajing that
all ten itory acquued from Mexico maybe appropuated to
colonize colored people. Aiso, petiuons from James L-.-wis
and 5l> otheis; ot J. M McBain and 19 other*; of John How-
ard and IS other.-, all citizen^ of Pennsylvania, for dissolv-
ing the present Union. Ai-o, petition liom the (Quarterly
Meeting of Friends in Philadelphia, for separating the Fed-
eral Government fiom all participation in the support of sla-
very. Also, the petition ol S. Cheny and 186 other citizens
of Ohio; of Jra Tiacy and c7 others ot Portage countj,
Ohio ; ot John Hubbard and 4 others, of Lake county, Ohio ;
of the Friends Uuaiteriv Meeting of Columbiana county,
Ohio; of Volney Lewi;."and 60 other citizens of Ohio; of
J«^eph H. Cope and 47 other citizens of Ohio, to bring the
war with Mexico to an immediate close. Also, the petition
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 24, 1847.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of tradesmen of
the city of New York, praying that no restrictions
may be imposed upon the right of volunteers to
make assignments of their pay to secure the repay-
ment of advances made to them for the purchase of
their outfits; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. DA V IS presented a petition of citizens of
Truro, Massachusetts, praying that an appropria-
tion may be made for a light-house and buoys at
the entrance of Parmet harbor, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Wil-
liam W. Chew, praying Compensation for his ser-
vices as Charge a'Affaires of the United States at
the Court of St. Petersburg in 1839; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DIX presented two memorials praying that
such vessels of the United States as can be spared
from the public service, may be commissioned for
transporting provisions to the suffering people of
Ireland; which were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom had been referred the bill from the House
to provide for continuing a certain public work in
the Territory of Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. D. from the same committee, to whom had
been referred the bill to provide for the survey of
the mouth of Red river, m the State of Louisiana,
reported the same without amendment.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Monmouth
B. Hart, Joel Kelley, and William Close, securi-
ties for the late Benjamin F. Hart, a purser in the
United States navy; which was read, and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Bryan Callaghan;
which was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Edward
Bolon; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
APPEALS TN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, (on leave) intro-
duced a bill to legulate appeals from the trial of
issues in the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and second time by unanimous consent.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the prior orders
were suspended, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration, as in committee of the whole, of the
bill from the House making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th day of June, 1848.
The various amendments reported from the
Committee on Finance (twenty-one in number)
were severally agreed to, with some slight modi-
fication in the 3d and 7th.
Mr. EVANS, by direction of the Committee on
Finance, then moved an amendment increasing the
appropriation for the contingent expenses of the
Senate, from 175,000 to §120,000; which was
agreed to.
Also, an amendment appropriating $2,000 for a
clerk for bounty land claims; which was agreed to,
Also, an amendment making an appropriation
for collecting and preparing information to be laid
before Congress; which was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS moved an amendment authorizing
the assistant treasurer at New York to employ a
