1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
first rumors of the victory of San Jacinto.\The
Congress of the United States was then in session;
the Senator from South Carolina was then a mem-
ber of this body; and, without even waiting for the
official confirmation of that great event, he pro-
posed at once the immediate recognition of the
independence of Texas, and her immediate admis-
sion into this Union. He put the two propositions
together—recognition and admission: ana allowed
us no further time for the double vote than the few
days which were to intervene before the official
intelligence of the victory should arrive. Here
are some extracts from his speech on that occa-
sion, and which verify what I say, and show that !
he was then ready to plunge the country into the
Texan war with Mexico, without the slightest
regard to its treaties, its commerce, its duties, or
its chaiacter:
"Mi. Calhoun was of opinion that it would add more
strength to the cause ot Texas to wait lor a few days until
they received official confirmation of the victory and capture
of Santa Ana, in order to obtain a more unanimous vote 111
lavor of the recognition of Texas. * * - * He had
made up his mind not only to lecojjmsetheindcpendence of
Texas, but for her admission into tiiis Union; and it" the
Texans managed their affairs piudently, they would soon be
called upon to decide that question. There were powerful
reasons why Texas should lie a part of this Union. The
southern States, owning a slave population, were deeply
interestedm preventing that eountiy from having the power
to annoy them; and the navigating an<l mdnuiuetunng in-
terests of the North and wvre equally interested m !
making it a part of this Union. He thought they would j
soon be called on to decide these questions; and when they |
did act on it, he was for acting on both together—for iceog- i
nising the independence of Texas, and for admitting her !
into the Union. * * ' K if event-should goon they
had done, he could not hut hope that hefoie the close of the
piesent session of Congre^, they would not only acknowl-
fedce the independence of Texas, but admit her into the
Union. He hoped there would be no unnecessary delay—
for in such cases dela\s were dangerous—but that they
would act with unanimity, and act promptly."
Here, then, is the proof of the fact that, ten years
ago, and without a word of explanation with Mexi-
co, or any request from Texas—without the least
notice to the American people, or time for delib-
eration among ourselves, or any regard to existing ;
commerce—he was for plunging us into instant
war with Mexico. I say, instant war; for Mexico
and Texas were then in open war; and to incorpo-
rate Texas, was to incorporate the war at the same
time. AH this the Senator was then for, immedi-
ately after his own gratuitous cession of Texas,
and long before the invention of the London abo-
lition plot came so opportunely to his aid. Prompt-
ness and unanimity were then his watchwords.
Immediate action—action before Congress adjourn-
ed—was his demand. No delay. Delays were dan-
gerous. We must vote, and vote unanimously and
promptly. I well remember the Senator's look and
attitude on that occasion—the fixedness of his look,
and the magisteriahty of his attitude. It was such
as he often favors us with, especially when ho is
in a crisis, and brings forward something which
ought to be instantly and unanimously rejected—
as when he brought in his string of abstractions
on Thursday last. So it was in 1836—prompt and
unanimous action, and a look to put down opposi- i
tion. But the Senate were not looked down in j
1836- They promptly and unanimously refused j
the Senator s motion! and the crisis and the dan- ,
ger—good-natured souls!—immediately postponed |
themselves until wanted for another occasion. [
The peace of the country was then saved; but
it was a respite only; and the speech of the Senator
from South Carolina, brief as it was, becomes mo-
- mentous as foreshadowing everything that has sub-
sequently taken place in relation to the admission
of Texas. In this brief speech we have the shad-
ows of all future movements, coming in proces-
sion—in advance of the events. In the significant
intimation, qualified with the if "the Texians
prudently managed their affairs, they (the Senate)
might soon be called upon to decide the question of ad-
mission." In thatpregnaritandqualificdintimation,
there was a visible doubt that the Tcxans might
not be prudent enough to manage their own affairs,
and might require help; and also a visible feeling
of that paternal guardianship which afterward as-
sumed the management of their affairs for them.
In the admonitions to unanimity, there was that
denunciation of any difference of opinion which
afterwards displayed itself in the ferocious hunting
down of all who opposed the Texas treaty. In
the reference to southern slavery, and annoyance
to slave property from Texas, we have the germ
of the "self-defence99 letter, and the first glimpse of
* the abolition plotof John Andrews, Aslibel Smith,
Lord Aberdeen—I beg pardon of Lord Aberdeen
for naming him in such a connexion—and the
World's Convention, with which Mexico,Texas,
and the United States were mystified and bam-
boozled in April, 1844. And, in the interests of
the manufacturing and navigating states of the
north and east, as connected with Texas admis-
sion, we have the text of all the communications
to the agent, Murphy, and of all the letters and
speeches to which the Texas question, seven years
afterwards, gave rise. We have all these subse-
quent events here shadowed forth. And now, the
wonder is, why all these things were not foreseen
a little while before, when Texas was being cedcd
to a non-slaveholding empire? and why, after being
so imminent and deadly in May, 1836, all these
dangers suddenly went to sleep, and never waked
up again until 1844? These are wonders; but let
us not anticipate questions, and let us proceed with
the narrative.
The Congress of 1836 would not admit Texas.
The Senator from South Carolina became patient:
the Texas question went to sleep; and for seven
good yeais it made no disturbance. It then woke
up, and with a suddenness and violence propor-
tioned to its long repose. Mr. Tyler was then
President: the Senator from South Carolina was
potent under his administration, and soon became
his Secretary of State. All thfr springs of intrigue
and diplomacy were immediately set m motion to
resuscitate the Texas question, and to re-invest it
with all the dangers and alarms which it had worn
in 1836. Passing over all the dangers of annoy-
ance from Texas as possibly non-slaveholding,
foreseen by the Senator in 1836, and not foreseen
by him in 1819, with all the need for guardianship
then foreshadowed, and all the arguments then
suggested: all these immediately developed them-
selves, and intriguing agents traversed earth and
sea, from Washington to Texas, and from London
to Mexico passing over all this, as belonging to
a class of evidence, not now to be used, I come at
once to the letter of the 17th of January, from the
Texian Minister to Mr. Upshur, the American
Secretary of State; and the answer to that letter by
Mr. Calhoun, of April 11th of the same year.
They are both vital in this case; and the first is in
[ these words :
i " Sir : ft is known to you that an armistice lias been pro-
! claimed between Mexico and Texas; that that armistice has
j been obtained through the intervention ot several great Pow-
i ers mutually friendly; and that negotiations are now pend-
ing, Inning for their object a settlement of the difficulties
heietotoro existing between the two countries. A proposi-
tion likewise having been submitted by the President of the
United States, throiigh you, for the annexation of Texas to
this country, therefoie (without indicating the nature of the
reply which tiie President ot Texas may direct to be made
to this pi oposition) I beg leave to suggest that it may be
apprehended, should a treaty of annexation he concluded,
Mexico may think propel to at once terminate the armistice,
bieak oil all negotiations foi peace, and again threaten or
commence hostilities against Texas; and that some ot the
other Governments who have been instiumental m obtain-
ing their cession, if they do not throw their imiuence into
the Mevican scale, may altogether uithdiaw the>r good
offices of mediation, thus lOMng to Texas their friendship,
and exposing her to the unrestrained menace* of Mexico.
In view, then, <>l* these things, I desne to submit, through
you, to his excellency the President of the United States
this inquiry. Should the President of Texas accede toJlie
proposition of annexation, would tiie Piesulent of the Uni-
ted States, after the signing of the ficaty, and before it shall
be ratified and receive the final action ot the other branches
of both Governments, in case Texas should desire it, or with
her consent, order such numbei ol the military and naval
forces of the United States to such neees^aiy points or places
upon the tcrritoiy or borders ot Texas or the Gulf of Mexico
as shall be sufficient to protect her against toieign agres-
sion? , , ,. ,
" Tin* communication, as well as the reply winch you
may make, will be considered by me entirely confidential,
not to be embraced m my legular oillcial correspondence to
my Government, but enclosed direct to the President «>t
Texa- for his information.
" Witii assinances of my creat regard, I hav£ the honor
to he, very respectfully, your obedient scivant."
This letter reveals the tiue state of the Texian
question m January, 1844, and the conduct of all
parties in relation to it. it presents Texas and
Mexico, weary of the war, reposing under an ar-
mistice, and treating for peace; Great Britain and
France acting the noble part of mediators, and
endeavoring to make peace: our own Government
secretly intriguing for annexation, acting the wick-
ed part of mischief-makers, and trying to renew
the war; and the issue of its machinations to be
unsuccessful unless the United States should be
involved in the renewed hostilities. That was the
question; and the letter openly puts it to the Amer-
ican Secretary of State. The answer to that ques-
tion, in my opinion, should have been, that the
President of the United States did not know of the
armistice and the peace negotiations at the time that
he proposed to Texas to do an act which would
be a perfidious violation of those sacred engage-
ments, and bring upon herself the scourge of re-
newed invasion and the stigma of perfidy—that he
would not have made such a proposal for the whole
round world, if he had known of the armistice and
the peace negotiations—that he wished success to
the peace-makers, both for the sake of Mexico and
Texas, and because Texas could then come into
the Union without the least interruption to our
friendly, commercial, and social relations with our
sister republic of Mexico; and that, as to secretly
lending the army and navy of the United States to
Texas to fight Mexico while we were at peace with
her, it would be a crime against God, and man, and
our own Constitution, for which heads might be
brought to the block, if Presidents and their Sec-
retaries, like constitutional Kings and Ministers,
should be held capitally responsible for capital
crimes. This, in my opinion, should have Seen
the answer. But the first part of it—that of the
scienter upon the point of the armistice and the peace
negotiations—could not be given in point of fact;
for the Department of State was full of communi-
cations giving that information—one of them from
the agent, (Murphy,) in these words:
" The poweis to be given to General Henderson are to be
of the fullest and most complete eliaractei,so thai no impedi-
ment shall he found requiring further or other powers, or
furiher oi other instructions. But, inasmuch as the Com-
missioners of Texas, now in Mexico, in treaty or negotiation
touching an aunistice, are supposed not to have concluded
then labors, and it i= clear to the President of Texas that so
soon as this negotiation in relation to annexation is known
to the Government of Mexico, all negotiation on that and all
other questions betw&m Texas and Mexico will cease, and
that the President of Mexico will instantly commence active
hostilities against Texas, which Tcxa< is wholly unprepared,
by sea or land, to resist, it is undeistood that the Govern-
ment of the United States, having invited Texas to this
negotiation, will at once, and before any negotiation is set
on foot, place a sufficient naval force m the Gult to protect
the coast of Texas, and hold a sufficient foice of eavahy, or
other description of mounted troops, on the southwestern
border of the United Stales, m madiness to protect or aid in
the pioteetion of Tevas pending the proposed negotiation,
for annevUion. I trust mv Government will at once see
the propnety of thi- course of policy; for I found it impos-
sible to induce ihn Government to enter heaitily into the
measure of annexation without an assurance that m\ Gov-
ernment would not fail to guard Texat against all the evils
which were likely to assail Texas in consequence of her
meeting and complying with the wishes ot the United
States."
Denial of the knowledge of the existence of the
armistice, and of the opening of negotiations, was,
therefore impossible. Mr. Upshur, to whom the
letter of the 17th of January was addressed, gave
it no answer at all. During the forty days that
his life was spared, he answered not; and I men-
tion this particular in justice to the memory of a
gentleman who is no more. Mr. Nelson, the At-
torney General, his temporary successor in the
Department of State, did not answer it to the
Texian Minister in Washington, but he did to Mr.
Murphy in Texas, in reply to his communication
to the same effect with the letter. Mr. Nelson's
letter is dated the 11th of March, and is in these
words:
"Of the anxietvofthe President to provide for the annex-
ation of the territory of Texas to that of the United States,
>ou have been heretofore appuzed; and of his readiness,
by negotiation, promptly to effectuate this desire, you aie
well aware. He iegaid-< the measure as one of vital impor-
tance to both parties, and as recommended by the highest
considerations of n «ound public policy.
"Entertaining these views, the Pie>ident is eiatifiedto
perceive,in the course >ou have pursued in yourintereour*e
with the authontics of Texa«, the evidences of a eoidtal
coiipei at inn in this cherished object of his pohev : but in-
structs me to sav, that whilst approving the general tone
and tenor of that mteicourse, he regrets to perceive, in the
pledges given by von in your communication to tht Hon.
Anson Jones of the 14th February, that > on have suft'eied
your zeal to carry you bevond the hue of your instructions,
and to commit the President to m  iwiu s for which he has
no constitutional authoritv to stipulate.
" The employment of the army or navy against a foreign
Power, with winch the United State" are at peace, is not
within the competency of the President: and whilst he n
not indisposed, as a measure of prudent ptceaution, and as
: pieliminary to the pioposed negotiation, to concentrate in
the Gull of Mexico, and on the southern hordeis of the Uni-
ted State, a naval and military foice to be directed to the
defence of the inhabitants and tenitoiy of Texas at a proper
lime, ho cannot permit the authorities of that Government
or yourself to labor under the misappiehen=Jon that he has
, powei to employ them at the period indicated by your stipu-
Ol these impressions, Mr. Van Zandt, tha charge d af-
faires of the Texan Government, lias been, and General
Ilendei^on, who is daily expected heie, will be fully adver-
< ti^ed In the meantime, the President desires that you
| will at once countermand your instructions to Lieutenant
' Davis, as far as they aie in conflict with these views.
