502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. O. also, from the same committee, reported
a " bill for the erection of a custom-house at Nan-
tucket;" which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the (Senate) "bill authorizing the
issue of a register to the brigpntine Ocean Glueen;"
which was ordered to a third reading, was read a
third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. ATKINSON", the Commit-
tee on Commerce was ordered to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
John H. Baker; winch petition was laid upon the
table.
Mr. T. SMITH, from the Committee on Public :
Lauds, reported back the (Senate) " act for the re- 1
lief of George Gordon;" which bill was read a ■
third time, and passed. j
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee, j
reported back, without amendment, the (Senate) I
" act to grant the right of preemption to Philip F. j
Derring and Robert H. Champion to a tract of!
mineral lands;" which bill was read a third time, j
and passed. i
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee, j
reported back the (Senate) " act to provide for the
final settlement of the accounts of Thomas C. Shel-
don, late receiver of public moneys at Kalamazoo,
Michigan/' without amendment; and said bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. BRODHEAD,from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported back the "joint
resolution (of the Senate) to correct an error in
the act of June 17th, 1S44, for the rcli f of Mary
Ann Linton;" which was read a third time, and
passed. I
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported j
back the (Senate) " bill for the relief of Geoige
Roush," without amendment; which said bill was !
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back the (Senate) u act
granting a pension to Joseph Morrison," without
amendment; and said bill was read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. BELL, from the same committee, reported
back the (Senate) "act for the relief of Andiew
Moore," without amendment; and said lull was
read a third time, ant] p.wcd.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, re-
ported back the (Senate) " art fur the cell,-f of Pe-
ter Frost," without amendment; and said bill was
read a third time, and passed. j
Mr. UATHBUX, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back the (Senate) " act for the
relief of James S. Conway," without amendment; ,
and said hill was read a third time, and passed,
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the same committee, re-
ported back, without amendment, the (Senate)
" act for the relief of Richard Uloss and others;"
which bill was referred to the Committee of the
^Vliole flouse to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. L., the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill i
to amend the " act to provide for the payment of 1
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the i
military service of the United States, approved the
18th of .Tune, 1837and said bill was read a third
time, and passed. ;
Mr. CRANSTON, from the Committee on the 1
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back tile !
"joint resolution (from the Senate) in favor of
David Shaw and Solomon T. Corser," with an
amendment; which bill and amendment were re- '
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House to- i
morrow. :
Mr. MILLIARD, from the same committee, re- '
ported back the (.Senate) " act for the relief of '
Wade Allen," without amendment; and said bill
was referred to the Committee of the "Whole
House to-morrow.
Mr. H. also, m pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to regulate the
diplomatic intercourse of the United States; which
bill was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Atfairs.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee, re-
ported back the (Senate) " bill for the relief of
JViUnaniei Kuykendall," without amendment; and
,blliTwas referred to the Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. RATPIBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, without amendment, the
(Senate) "act for the relief of Richard S. Coxe;"
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow.
Mr. R. also reported back the (Senate) bill for
relief of Jeanette C. Huntington, without amend-
ment; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. R. also reported back, without amendment,
| the (Senate) "act for the relief of Thomas Doug-
! lass, late United States attorney for East Florida;"
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow.
Mr. R. also reported back the (Senate) u joint
resolution respecting the maps and charts of the
surveys of the boundary lines of the United States
of America with foreign States;" which was read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. R. also reported back the " bill for the relief
of the administrator of Andrew Capello, deceased,"
and moved that the said bill be laid on the table;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. R. also submitted an adverse report upon
the (Senate) 44 bill for the relief of Milledge Gal-
phin;" which bill was laid on the table.
Mr. BUFFINGTON, from the same committee,
reported back the (Senate) "act supplementary to
an act to authorize the Secretary of State to liqui-
date certain claims therein mentioned," passed 18th
of April, 1814, without amendment, accompanied
by an adverse report.
Said bill and report were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
. Affairs, reported back, with an amendment, the
! (Senate) "act reviving certain naval pensions for
the term of five yeais;" and which was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the (Senate) "act for the re-
i hef of James Mcintosh;" which was referred to
, the Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
; Mr. JAMES THOM PSON, from the same corn-
i mittec, reported back the (Senate) " act providing
i for the payment of the claim of Walter R. John-
, son against the United States," without amend-
ment, and said bill was referred to the Committee
i of the Whole House to-morrow,
j Mr. SClIENClv, liom the same committee, re-
, ported hack the (Senate) " full authorizing the Sec-
i ictary of the Navy to purchase from Dr. James P.
Espy his patent ri^ht for the conical ventilator for
the u^e of the United States;" which said bill was
referied to the Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
A flairs, reported back the "joint lesolution (from
the Senate) concerning the pmcimse of additional
lands for the use of the United States armory at
Harper's Ferry," with an amendment; which
amendment was agreed to; and debate arising, the
bill was laid over.
Mr, HAMLIN, from the Committee on Naval
Allan s, reported hack the (Senate) "actfor the lelief
of Thomas nrownell;1' whn.li was referred to the
Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Aflairs, teportcd back the (Senate) "act
for the relief of the personal representatives of
William A. Slacum, deceased," without amend-
ment; and said hill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House to-rnorrow.
Mr. I. also, from the same committee, reported
back the (Senate) "act for the relief of Joshua
Dodge," with an amendment; and the said bill
and amendment were referred to the Committee of
the Whole House to-monow.
Mr. BRODHEAD. from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported back the (Senate)
" act granting a pension to JJethiah Healey, widow
of George Healey, deceased," without amend-
ment: and said bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole Hou.se to-morrow.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the (Senate) "bill for the relief
of Elizabeth Pistole," and the "bill granting a
, pension to Abigail Garland;" and they were re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House to-
; morrow.
| Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Invalid
' Pensions, reported back the (Senate) ''act granting
a pension to John Clark;" which bill was laid on
the table.
Mr. PRESTON KING, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, without amendment, the
(Senate) " act for the relief of Francis Summer-
raner;" which was laid over.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported back, without amend-
ment, the (Senate) "act for the relief of Samuel W.
Bell, a native of the Cherokee Nation," and sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was laid
on the table.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported back, without
amendment, the (Senate) "act for the lelief of Wil-
liam A. Christian; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. T., from the same committee, also reported
back, without amendment, the (Senate) "act for the
relief of the hens of Andrew D. Crosby;" and
said bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the "bill
authorizing a term of the United States Circuit and
District courts at Chicago, Illinois; and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was
read a third time, and passed.
Mr, JAMES B. HUNT, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a " joint resolution au-
thorizing the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue a revolutionary bounty land warrant
in place of warrant number 1628, lost or destroy-
ed;" which was read twice, ordered to a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr/BUFFINGTON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a " bill for the relief of
George B. Didlake;" which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the same committee,
reported a bill to amend the act entitled "An act
to regulate the proceedings in the circuit court of
the United States, and for other purposes;" which
was read twice, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. SEAMAN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a " bill to provide for sat-
isfying claims for bounty lands for military ser-
vices m the hue war with Great Biitain, and for
othei purposes-." which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the Senate " bill
for the relief of John Stockton;" which was order-
ed to a third reading, was read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, to which was referred so much
of the President's message of the 1,1th instant "as
relates to the war with Mexico," made a report
thereon; which was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. GORDON, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Allen Gorham.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, submitted an adverse report
upon the case of Martha Norton; which was laid
on the table.
Mr. JENKINS, from the same committee, sub-
mitted adverse reports in the case of John Millett
and the heirs of Jehoiakim Van Valkenburgh;
which reports were laid on the table.
Mr. JENKINS, also, from the same committee,
reported a " bill for the relief of Jonathan Brown;"
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBO, from the same committee,
moved that said committee be discharged from the
consideration of the petition of Catharine Adair,
Benjamin Johnson, Sarah Mills, and John Wal-
iance, and that said petitions be laid on the table.
Mr. ATKINSON, from the same committee,
reported a "bill for the relief of Flora Boyd, widow
of James Boyd, deceased;" which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole House
to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. GOODYEAR, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the con-
sideration of the petitions of Warren Raymond,
