1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
Thomas Badger, Nehemiah Iialladay, Susannah
Prentiss, Levi M. Roberts, Seth Morton, Sarah
Hildretli, Stacy Lamphere, J. W. Knipe, Asa
Hall, Hannah Duboise, Carle Dingie, Roswell
Bates, and D. "Wilson, and they were laid on the
table.
Mr. COCKE, from the same committee, report-
ed a "bill for the relief of Silas Waterman;" which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. COCKE also made an adverse report upon
the petition of Jesse Rose; which was laid upon
the table. '
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to carry into effect in the States of
* Alabama and Mississippi the existing compacts
* with those States with regard to the live per cent.
4 and the school reservations;" which was read
twice, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, was read a third time and jjassed.
The SPEAKER here announced that the hour
allotted to the reception of petitions, by order of the
House, had expired.
Mr. R. SMITH moved that the rules be further
suspended for thirty minutes, in order to allow the
reception of reports from committees; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back the Senate bill for the re-
lief of Andrew Moore; which was ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. R. SMITH, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred numerous me-
morials from George Wilkes and others, urging
upon Congress the construction of a national rail-
road from the Missouri river to the Pacific Ocean;
also the memorial of D. H. Carver, on the same
subject; also sundry memorials in favor of Asa
Whitney's project for the same object, with vari-
ous other papers in reference to this subject, have
had the same under consideration, and have in-
structed me to ask to be discharged from the'fur-
ther consideration of this subject at the present
session of Congress, and that they be laid on the
table; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRIES, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported "A bill to improve the navigation
of the Ohio river, and to lessen the expenses there-
of;" which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SYKES, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of G. S. Smith; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. HENLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported back, without amendment, the (Senate)
44 act for the relief of Edward Clark;'' which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Nicholas E. Thouron; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the whole Houae
to-morrow.
Mr. D. P. KING, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims,J reported a lt bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Nathaniel Tracy,
deceased;" which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. ST. JOHN, from the minority of said com-
mittee, submitted an adverse report upon said claim;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL, from the Commit-
tee on Accounts, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the manuscript work compiled by Mr.
Elliot, and referred to m the report of the Register ot the
Treasury, made to tins Hou^e on yesterday, he bound, and
then deposited in the office of said llegis-ter.
Mr. DELANO, from the -select committee to
whom the subject was referred, reported "A bill
authorizing the payment of the per ccntage due to
certain States, on account of lands within their
limits appropriated to the satisfaction of military
land warrants;" which was read twice, and refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, the Committee
on Indian Affairs was discharged from the consid-
eration of the petition of Conrad Ten Eyck; and
said petition was laid on the table.
Mr. YOST j from the Committee on Engraving,
submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to pur-
chase five hundred copies of Distumell's map of Mexico,
and two thousand copies of the topographical map of the
road from Mi^ouri to Oiegon—out of the former each mem-
ber to he furnished with five copies, of the latter with eight
copies.
After some debate on amendments, the resolution
was agreed to.
Great confusion prevailed here, so much so that
it was several minutes before the Chair could re-
store oidcr sufficiently to allow any remark to be
heard.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN said that he could most
certainly excuse the Speaker for not hearing him
(Mr. C.) during the confusion that had prevailed.
He had asked a division on the adoption of the
resolution just considered. Not only had he made
the call before the Chair had announced a decis-
ion, but he was yet in time, and the Chair had
not yet announced that decision.
Thy SPEAKER replied that he could very well
excusc the gentleman from Alabama for not hear- j|
ing the announcement, but he (the Speaker) had \\
distinctly stated that the resolution was agreed to. |
Mr. P. KING (at the suggestion of Mr. Chap- j
max) moved a leconsideration of the vote by which i
the resolution was agreed to; upon which motion 1
Mr. R. CHAPMAN demanded the yeas and ]
nays; winch demand was not seconded. j
Tellers were then ordered on the reconsideration; i
and the question being put, the motion was agreed
to.
After some further action, the question on agree-
ing to the resolution was taken by yeas and nays,
when the yeas were 71, nays 9G.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved a suspension
of the rules in order to introduce the following;
bill:
Be it enacted, V'"., That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
hereby is. auihonzed and enipovvei.'d'to permit the United
States ship Pcrmj-vlvama and one oi two other public ves-
sels, if the rfanit. sue not immediately wanted for public uso,
t-  be employed in carrying provisions o! tood foi Ireland,
under such precautionary arrangement* as to the safetv ami
r>. tu.ri of ?aid ve-^eis as. the t^id ><ecreur\ ma> deem it ex-
pjdiei't and proper to prescnbe.
Objection being made,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered, and the motion was nega-
tived.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the biii (from the Senate) to amend an act entitled ;
"An act to regulate the carriage of passengers in >'
merchant vessels,*' and to determine the time when j
the said act shall take effect. \
The question pending being on referring the said j
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, said mo- <
tion was withdrawn. !
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the bill by ,
striking out all of the second section of the same '
after the word 11 repealed;" which amendment was
agreed to. >
The said amendment was then ordered to be i
engrossed; the bill was then read a third time, and j
passed. '
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re- :
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Bowlin* in the chair,) and |
proceeded to the considei ation of the " bill to es- j
tablish certain post-routes.'5
Messrs. CRANSTON, MARSH, HOPKINS, !
McILVAINE, REID, PHELPS, HOGE, THO- 1
MAS SMITH, and THOMASSON, submitted .
sundry amendments, making additions to, and al-
terations of, the several post routes; all of which >
were agreed to. ]
Mr/HUNGERFORD moved to strike out the
following proviso:
"Provided^ That as soon as a responsible contractor shall
offer to transport the m;ul  over anypoition of the routes
included in t!ii« bill, the Postmaster General shall have the
power forthwith to put them under contract."
Mr. HOPKINS moved to amend the proviso by ■
inserting after the word "bill," the words "for the
revenues arising therefrom respectively;'' which
was agreed to.
Mr. HUNGERFORD here withdrew his mo- 1
tion to strike out the proviso.
Mr. COCKE submitted the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
"Beit furtherenactcd, That the franking privilege, aa it
evicted prior to the passage of an act, approved 3d March,
1843. reducing the rates oi postage, be, and the same i* here-
by, restored to all postmasters of the United States whosfc
compensation from their respective offices does not exceed
one hundred dollars.-"
Mr. G. S, HOUSTON suggested to Mr. Cocke
to extend the privileges allowed in his amendment,
to all postmasters whose salaries did not exceed
$300 per annum.
Mr. COCKE did not accept the suggestion,
Mr. ROBERT SMITH submitted the following
amendment to the amendment by the gentleman
from Tennessee, viz:
Add the following: " That unti! the close of the present
war with Mexico, the ofiiceis, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates., of the army of the United States,
in Moxico, shall he, and herebyare, permitted to receive all
letters and newspapers directed to them, free of postage."
« Mr. COCKE accepted the latter as a modifica-
tion of his amendment, and briefly stated his rea-
sons for introducing the amendment. He believed
it was necessary to secure the services of postmas-
ters jn many parts of the country, where the sal-
ary allowed to pay postmasters was not sufficient
now for the trouble.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, by substituting
the following, viz:
<kTh.it all laws granting the franking piivilege to any
person or perfOtis whatevef be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed."
Mr. HOPKINS (who had the bill in charge)
earnestly appealed to the gentlemen who had pro-
posed amendments, to forbear pressing their favor-
ite measures as amendments to the present bill,
lest they should thereby not only impede but ac-
tualy endanger the passage of the bill. Its passage
at the present session was greatly needed, and the
public service must very seriously suffer if from
any cause it should fail. He was aware that a
great diversity of opinion existed here in regard to
the franking privilege, and no amendment which
attempted to regulate that subject could be expect-
ed to paws without exciting much debate. He ad-
verted to the state of the business before the Senate,
the late utage of the session, and the little hope
there could be of getting the bill through in time,
unless it should be passed m the House without
delay.
As to the subject of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Cocke,] the Com-
mittee on the Post Office had had that subject for
some time before them, and were trying to mature
a scheme of increase for the allowances of the small-
er postmasters. The franking1 question was also
under consideration by them. The present law
on that subject did not go far enough. The Clerk
of the House was occupied during three-fourths of
his time in the idle business of writing his own
name on members' documents. If they were to be
franked, it would be much better to give members
themselves the right to do it than to throw this vast
labor on the Clerk, It could make no difference to
the Department, if the franking was done, whether
it was done by the Clerk or by anybody else.
The present arrangement was clearly an unwise
one; and the committee would be prepared very
shortly to present a report on the whole subject.
But these provisions had better be presented in a
separate and independent bill than incorporated as
amendments in the bill now pending.
Mr. COCKE disavowed and disclaimed all pur-
pose of embarrassing the bill; but he thought the
objections of the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia were not well founded. Mr. C. had proposed
an amendment of this same tenor to the Post Of-
fice bill at the last session of Congress, and it had
not embarrassed the passage of the bill in the slight-
est degree ; on the contrary, it had passed by a
vote of 120 to 45. Neither had it operated as any
embarrassment to the bill in the Senate; and it
would have finally become a law had it not been
for the lack of time. Mr. C. insisted that the
amendment was called for by the state of the
country, as, unless some arrangement of this kind
should be made, a large number of the postmas-
ters must resign. He could not consent to with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN concurred in most of the views
which had been expressed by the gentleman from
Virginia. He should offer no amendment with
any purpose of embarrassing the bill. He should
prefer the course indicated hy that gentleman; and,
in frankness, he was ready to concede that the
safety of the bill might be endangered by append-
ing amendments to it, and he had offered his only
by way of testing the sense of the House as to its
