1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
President what the express views and wishes of
that high officer were. He congratulated the coun-
try upon the annexation of Texas as a signal tri-
umph—a triumph bloodless in its character, and
therefore so much the more a triumph. He con-
gratulated the country that its flag had been plant-
ed upon the Rio Bravo; and in the same message
the President informed Congress, in-relation to
Mexico, that there was a dissatisfaction on her
part in regard to this measur.e, and that diplo-
matic relations between the two countries had
been broken off in consequence of it; and yet he
declared that he had been anxious to perpetuate
and maintain pacific relations between the two
countries; that he had done all that lay in his pow-
er to cultivate and cherish a good understanding
between them. He also informed us that the army,
or a considerable portion of it, had been concen-
trated upon the Nueces, at a place called Corpus
Christi, and that a naval force had been sent into
the Gulf of Mexico. These were facts revealed to
us by the message of the President; and, without
troubling the Senate with details in connexion with
the statements derived from Presidential authority,
lie would come to another piece of evidence which
110 gentleman would question. On the 13th of
January folio wing, while Congress was in session,
an order was issued from the Department of War
to this army to advance and take a position upon
the Rio Grande. It did advance, though not im-
mediately, and reached that river in the month of
March. It took its position, and erected lieid-
works opposite to Matamoros; it planted batteries
looking into that city and looking into the camp of
the Mexican aimy, that lay within range of its
guns, as was stated by our own officers, though
the Mexican army was there long anterior to the
time when our army reached that point. He had
run over these facts with the view of calling the
attention of the Senate to the circumstances which
surrounded this movement. The first striking fact
was, that here was not only a considerable city,
but a military encampment, where a large military
force had been for a long time collected on the op-
posite side of the river, and within gunshot of the j
place where your batteries were erected. Now, |
sir, (continued Mr. D.,) suppose our positions j
were reversed, what would be our ideas of a move-
ment of this description on the part of Mexico >
Would we not consider it as throwing down the
gauntlet ? Would we not consider it as a measure
provocative in its character ? Why, it was beard-
ing not only the Mexican army, but the Mexican
people in their own homes.
The next important fact was, that at the time
when this movement was made, there was a
boundary line in dispute. IIow does this appear?
It appear fiom the message of the President of the
United States—and that is pretty good authority;
but there is better authority than'that—it appear*
by the resolutions passed by Congress authorizing
the annexation of Texas, that there was a dispu-
j ted boundary, and that that question of boundary
was reserved for negotiation. The President does
not deny the fact. He never has denied it. He
has admitted on all occasions that there was a
boundary in dispute between the two countries,
and had been for a long time. He will not deny
it now. Well, what were the circumstances which
attended this boundary at the time the army was
marched from Corpus Christi ? And this brings
me to consider for a moment what rights Texas
had acquired m relation to this boundary; and I
say here, sir, without fear of contradiction, that
Texas never had any right to any territory there
except what she conquered with the sword. She
never had any concessions made to her by the
Mexican Government, or any agreement touching
the boundary, except a convention or armistice en-
tered into by Santa Ana after he was made pris-
oner of war. That armistice fixed the boundary
at the Rio Grande, not for the purpose of settling
the disputed line, but for the purpose of the armis-
tice itself. But it must be observed that this very
armistice was to be of no effect unless sanctioned
by the two Governments. It never was sanctioned
by the Mexican Government. They denied the
right of their military chief, who was a prisoner of
war, to make the armistice, and it fell to the
ground. There is no evidence that Texas pos-
sessed any authority at all in any portion of the
country she occupied, except such as she obtained
by conquest. So far as she had acquired posses-
sion by the sword, so far she had jurisdiction—
no further; the conqueror having a possessory
right as far as the conquest extends, and no fur-
ther. Well, how far did this possessory right go?
How far did the Government of Texas maintain
its jurisdiction ? Did they ever acquire jurisdic-
tion in the valley of the Rio Grande? Did they
ever exercise any authority there whatever ? No,
sir. At the time the army of the United States
marched into that valley, it found the inhabitants
there subject to Mexican law, acknowledging
Mexican authority, in opposition to the United
States. This was the case from one end of the val-
ley of the Rio Grande to the other. Well, what is
the rule in such cases ? Here is a disputed bound-
ary. I do not mean to go into an argument to show
who finally has the right to it. I mean to take
the facts and circumstances as they are. The rule
has been laid down again and again. It was laid
down in the settlement of the boundary of Mexico
that the party in possession should maintain pos-
session until the question of boundary was set-
tled. This is a rule recognised by all Govern-
ments, I believe, and it is founded in reason.
Well, if this is ihe rule, any disturbance of the
party in possession is an aggressive act. Well,
now, what was done under these circumstances?
The army, by the command of the President,
advanced, and took a position such as I have de-
scribed. It not only took this position, but it
blockaded the river leading to Matamoros. These
are the circumstances which surrounded this
movement. Are they aggressive in their char-
acter, or are they not? That is the inquiry.
When the President authorized a "movement of
this description, could he do it without expecting
to excite the resentment of Mexico, even if he did
not produce a rupture between the two nations?
I need not dwell upon these circumstances, but
I ask you whether it was possible, under such cir-
cumstances, to avoid a conflict? I can compre-
hend no way in which such a result was not inev-
itable. Well, sir, these circumstances, to say the
least, were well calculated to bring about that
event. It was brought about; the troops came in
conflict and blood was shed, and what was done
then? Why, no sooner did this occur than a
message was despatched to the Capitol with the
news. You know, sir, what that news was. We
were informed that blood had been shed upon
American soil; that war had been commenced by
Mexico. A message came in here announcing
these events; and under these pressing circum-
stances, we were called upon to vote means for
sustaining the army. It was repiesented to us that
the army was in great peril; that such was the emer-
gency that there could with propriety be no delay,
and even the documents which were sent in here to
support the message were not permitted to be lead.
We were called on to act at once, without the evi-
dence contained m those papers. They were not
read in either house. A bill came up immediately
from the House, and was presented here for our
consideration and concurrence. It began by sta-
ting that war existed, and existed by the act of the
republic of Mexico, and it demanded an appro-
priation to provide men and money to cany on this
war. We were told that the emergency was such
that we ought not to stop to debate a question of
this description; that the army was in imminent
peril, and that we ought to send them succor at
once. Under the pressure of these circumstances,
the bill was passed. Many of those gentlemen
with whom I am in the habit of voting on this side,
voted for it—voting under a protest, however.
The bill was passed.
Now, the first thing that strikes my mind as sin-
gular is, that all these transactions happened while
Congress was sitting here, and no appeal was made
for its advice. The first intimation that Congress
had of the commencement of hostilities was the
announcement to which I have just adveited, that
the army was m peril. It was said, the other day,
that my honorable friend from Delaware had some
information prior to this of the march of the army
to the Rio Grande, which he imparted to the Senator
from South Carolina. There was a floating rumor
that the army had been ordered to the Rio Grande.
The Senator from Louisiana, the other day, seemed
to suppose that gentlemen were required to act
under such circumstances. Suppose that the facts
were known to be true that the army had been
ordered to march, would it change the case at all?
Would it change the Executive responsibility ? Is
it the duty of Senators here to go and knock at the
door of the President, and ask what information
he has got? No. It is the duty of the President
to impart information to Congress, and whether
the facts were known, or whether they existed in
vague rumor, makes no difference. The war was
begun in the manner in which 1 have described.
Now, sir, why was it that this war was precipi-
tated upon us under such circumstances as these ?
Did the President meditate war from the outset,
when he was declaring to us in his annual mes-
sage that he was anxious to propitiate the republic
of Mexico—that he was desirous of peace? Did
the President of the United States desire war, and
did he distrust the disposition of Congress? Did
he desire war, and did he doubt that if he pre-
sented the subject to Congress, with the facts and
the circumstances that surrounded it, did he doubt
that Congress would respond favorably to his
wishes? Something like two-thirds of a very
elaborate message, presented to us at the opening
of the present session of Congress, is occupied with
a detailed account—a good deal exaggerated, I
must say—of spoliations committed by Mexico
upon American citizens. I am not about to jus-
tify such acts; very far from it. I hope that Mexi-
co will see the day when she will do justice to
all those individuals; but the President puts all
this in his message, with a view to satisfy the coun-
try that there are satisfactory causes of war. But
how is it in regard to these claims? In the first
place, a very considerable proportion of them have
been settled by arbitration. The amount due has
been acknowledged by Mexico, and she has given
her promise to pay, and would have done so as
fast as she was able. It was a liquidated debt. She
could not pay, but we can find reasons enough for
that. Now, how was it in regard to the balance of
these claims? Your late Minister had negotiated
a treaty by which a mode of adjusting those claims
was agreed upon. That treaty was amended by
this Government, and their Government had under
consideration those amendments. Now, would
any gentleman say that outstanding debts thus ad-
justed and thus agreed to be paid were causes of
war? If the President had brought forward such
a proposition, what support would he have found
in this body? Congress would not have listened
to it a moment. This matter was communicated
m the message of the President last session, and
communicated again at this session of Congress;
yet Congress has never considered for a moment
that it was a sufficient cause for war. I hold it to
be perfectly certain, that if the question of war or
peace had been submitted to Congress, the ma-
jority against a war would have been perfectly
overwhelming. Well, if the President desired a
war, he took the right course: he would not have
been successful in obtaining it from Congress. But
there are some other circumstances attending this
subject which will throw some light upon the state
of affairs between the two countries.
A letter had been read here from a person named
Marks, who had been a consul or dignitary of
some sort at Matamoros, and therefore was a
person to be relied on; and what docs it contain ?
He wished the fact set forth m that letter to be
considered in connexion with the message of the
President. It stated, in substance, that the com-
manding officer of the Mexican forces on the Rio
Grande had had several interviews with the writer,
and that he had stated to him that the Mexican
Government was anxious for peace—that they were
anxious to settle the question of boundary by
treaty; and, in order that this might be done, he
pioposed that the forces should remain at a dis-
tance from each other; that the Mexican army
should remain on the west bank of the Rio Grande,
having the liberty to send out small parties as far
as the Colorado, to keep the Indians m subjection.
It was a kind of armistice that was proposed. If
a state of hostilities had existed, it would have
been equivalent to that. If this could have been
accomplished, and a door thus opened to enter
upon negotiations, why did this Government not
cmbrace" it ? Why did they turn aside this evi-
dence of a disposition on the part of Mexico to
open negotiations, and pay no sort of regard to it ?
If the President was desirous of peace; if he was
anxious to propitiate this people; if he was anx-
ious to settle this disputed boundary by negotia- ,
tion, why did he not avail himself of the opportu-
nity thus presented to him of placing everything in a
tranquil situation upon the frontiers? That was the
most desirable move that could have been made ?
