508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
The matter to which the Government should
have turned its attention first of all, was to tran-
quillize the frontier and prevent a hostile collision,
and then arrange matters by negotiation. All this
must have been plainly seen b^ the Executive,
and yet it was allowed to pass by like the idle wind,
without being regarded. The President showed
*10 disposition to notice this matter, but issued his i
order for moving the troops. The honorable Sen- '
ator from Louisiana, in his remarks the other day,
intimated that the commanding officer who marched
the troops from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande
had a discretionary power as to where his encamp-
ment should be placed, and where his batteries
should be planted, and if any inference was to be
drawn from the statement of the Senator, it was
that that gallant officer was responsible for as-
suming the position which he occupied opposite
the city of Mdtamoros, and responsible for the
consequences which followed; but it was his busi-
ness to execute the orders he had received accord-
ing to the intention and spirit of those orders.
The President had never complained of the man-
ner in which his instructions had been executed.
On the contrary, he had approved of it from be-
ginning to end," and it was tneref^re unfair, when
unpleasant consequences "ensued, to turn round
and say that the officer who executed the com-
mands of the Executive was answerable for the
result. It was too late to say that it was his
fault.
But Mr. Slidell was sent out to negotiate, and he
had no instructions in regard to this matter that
had ever been made public. How, then, stood the
matter? Why, Government disregarded the com-
munication of Mr. Marks.
Mr. D. proceeded to give a history of Mr. Sli-
dcll's mis.sion, quoting largely from his correspond-
ence with the departments, and the Executive com-
munications to him and to Congress, to show that
the President precipitated the state of hostilities
in which the country found itself.
They had, then,' the fact, that the President
did not communicate the circumstances to Con-
gress, and that from hus removal of the army
to the Rio Grande, war had ensued. The Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Bkkksis,] in his remarks
the other day, had inquired, Cni bono?—For
were to " conquer a peace." That was the favorite
expression. Well, whatis " conqueiing a peace?"
The honorable Senator from South Carolina said
the other day he did not quite understand what was
meant by the expression. What, then, was " con-
quering a peace?" Was it not drawing the sword
and throwing away the scabbard ? It was to throw
away all pacific means, and rely on brute force.
It was the adoption of a policy which should be
the last adopted by any country. " Conquer a
peace?" What was it but " Lay on Macduff, and
damned be he who first cries, hold, enough?"
That was the doctrine; and what was it but to say,
" Lay on your enemy, you are stronger than he—
beat him down, wield your power without mercy,
trample upon him, and when you have subdued
: him by brute force, dictate such a peace as you
j think proper?" Thatwas " conquering a peace."
! It is to beat your enemy down, to trample him im-
j der your foot, to make peace on your own terms,
; such as they thought proper to dictate, under cir-
' cumstances like these. Now, why is this? What
motive have we to conquer such a peace ? Why,
there is an organic law in Mexico which requires
its Government to maintain the integrity of that
country, and forbade those who administered its
Government to dismember its territory. Could
they, then, have a peace by ordinary means, while
the organic law prevented the dismemberment of the
territory ? But it might, by the means he had pre-
scribed. When a people is broken down under
foot, they must yield to the terms the dictator pre-
scribes. This is " conqucringa peace."
Well, they had been voting men and money
without stint. They had by law provided every-
thing the President asked; and it had all been asked
with the declaration that it was for a vigorous prose-
cution of the war—that it was to " conquer a peace."
This was the use that was to be made of it. it was, !
that thoy might beat the enemy down and bring 1
him to your own terms. There had also been sug- '
gestions made here, that our army should be made
to subsist in that country—that contributions
should be extorted; and it was expected we should
the sooner be able to " conquer a peace" by these
strong means. But the bill before the Senate pro-
posed to placc at the disposition of the President
! three millions of dollars. For wlmt? For what
what purpose should the President bring on warf jj purpose and what end? It was to defray the ex-
 1 ll  ^ ~ 1 tiaordinary expenses of obtaining a peace. Was
it not apparent that the Piesident was not content
with the ordinary means of the country5 The
mono.}'' power is to aid and assist him m "conquer-
ins: a peace." And how is it to be applied ? What
disposition is to be made of it? Is it to be spent
in the purchase of territory? Or was it to main-
tain the army and navy5 Nobody pretended to
know more ihan that it was for extraordinary ex-
penses. "What are they 5 The chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, seeing that this
question would be pressed upon him, gave a rea-
son. It was to open a way for peace: but how,
he did not feel willing to explain. If that honor-
able Senator was understood, however, he did in-
timate that it was to clothe and pay the Mexican
army.
Mr. SEVIER again explained. He said he had
stated that the three millions were to be given to
the proper Mexican authorities—the treaty-making
power, who might want it to pay off the army.
Mr. DAVIS had not the language of ihe Senator
from Arkansas before him, and he was willing to
take that Senator's own version of what he did
say. That Senator best knew his own views. He
however believed that Senator's language was that
thi<? money was wanted to dispose the Mexicans
to make peace.
Mr. SEVIER said his idea was that this money
was to be used in making a peace—that in the ma-
king of the peace, we should expect to obtain
some indemnity, at least in part, for the expenses
of this war, as well as for the claims of our citi-
zens against the Government of Mexico—and this
money would be paid to the treaty-making power,
to be applied to necessary purposes, amongst
which he supposed would be the paying off of the
army.
Mr. DAVIS was willing at all times that gentle-
men should give explanations of their own views.
Why should ho forbear consulting Congress—
the constituted authorities of the country5 Well,
ev<n-y gentleman must explain that on the evi-
dence before them. The Piesident had come
into power on the Texas question, and it might
be that he saw floating before his vision hopes and
expectations of "lory m other questions. Why,
the agitation respecting the Texan question had
scarcely begun to subside and tranquilh/.e, before
they brgan to heai of the impoitance of Califoi-
nta to the United States. Our frontier there was
not broad enough, and acquisition of territory
there was deemed desirable. And might not that
have some influence on the, Presidential mind?
Might not the President have flattened himself that
war would be popular, and if theie was a large
acquisition of territory, that that would be a suffi-
cient apology for the war? For some time there
were vague rumors floating over the country on
this subject; but on the 8th of August last, a mes-
sage was sent to Congress, not saying in terms
that this war was prosecuted for the puipose of'
conquest, but its friends so understood it, and
mmey was asked for at the hands of Congress to ji
facilitate negotiations for peace, on the ground that lj
that tcrntoiy was to be acquired, and through this !
war. We had not then quite reached the 'idea of i
indemnity; but the annual message which came to j
them m December put forth that idea, and the hon- |!
orable Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sewer) seem-
ed to think that in expecting Upper California and ■'
New Mexico—one-third ofh^r territory—we were i1
quite moderate in our expectations. And how had J
this war been prosecuted5 He was not about to i<
examine the entire campaign; but they were well !
aware that scarcely had the war been endorsed by I;
the recognition of Congress, than a shout went
forth from the press, "Now let us be onward to j
the halls of the Montezumas; let us plant our |
flag there, and under its protection, make a peace." ,
Well, at the same time with this declaration, .
there went out another of a somewhat extraordi- }
muy character. It was said here, and it was said ;
in the press, and, if his memory did not fail him, |
it found its way into grave State papers, that we !
He took the explanation of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations as he had given
it; and again he repeated the question, what is to
be done with this money? The Senate had heard
what the Senator had said. It was to be paid over
to the treaty-making power. Probably it was to
be used to pay off the army—that was one sug-
gestion. It was to be paid for the support of the
army—that was another; and there might he a
thousand other suggestions. He took it, however 9
that it would be paid wherever the President of the
United States should agree to pay it. There was
no stipulation in this law that the President shall
pay it into the coffers of Mexico. It was only pro-
vided that it was to defray extraordinary expenses.
Such were the terms of the law. This, it must be
admitted, was a very broad power; and Avhat a
spectacle should we exhibit? We were willing to
make peace with Mexico, but we would pay Mexi-
co for the peace. It was necessary she should have
money to pay her armies! Why, if we make
peace with Mexico, she will no longer want an
army. Last year another version was given. Then
it was represented that quite a different use was to
made of this money, and how did he know that
now such a use would not be made with it? It
was said, that if we made a treaty with one of the
military chieftains of Mexico, no reliance could be
placed upon it, as a pronunciamento would be made
the next day by some other chieftain, unless we
could secure the good-will of the army. The
army must be propitiated; we must have a good
understanding with the army, and why ? In order
that, in opposition to the public will, a peace with
Mexico might be enforced by a Mexican army.
It had been thrown out, with what truth each one
must judge for himself, that the people of Mexico
were indisposed to the dismemberment of their
country; and if through the influence of money
any chieftain should see fit to agree to it, the people
would rebel, and we should require the army of
: Mexico to aid us in enforcing the peace. That
i was one version given last year—with how much
! justice he would leave each one to judge for him-
i self. But if they were to pay an army to secure
I a peace, how long would it endure5 If it were
j necessary this year to give three millions of dollars,
j how much would be required next year? But he
j had heard even more objectionable suggestions.
■ It had been intimated that some of these chieftains
j were very mercenary men; that they loved money,
; and desired to obtain it; but he hoped, for the honor
; of the country and the reputation of this Govern-
i ment, that no portion of this money was to be
j applied for the purposes of corruption.
: Had we no hope of bringing this war to a con-
i elusion except through this auxiliary money pow-
; er? Were we to build our expectations on such a
: foundation as that? If this money was to be em-
ployed to buy men and to obtain the good-will of
! the army, then, as was suggested by the Senator
- from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] he knew kot
1 who would be the mostdegraded, the buyer or the
. seller.
' There was another question which he could not
| forbear noticing, though he should lefcrto it very
| briefly. The acquisition of territory had been
1 agitated. They seemed to assume in these Halls
1 that we are to acquire territory by conquest, and
| like footpads, before we acquire the booty, we fall
to quarrelling about it. Certain questions had al-
| ready arisen. One was this : if territory is acquired
j! by treaty—and if it were, he hoped it would be
|] acquired by an honorable one—shall it come un-
!| der the jurisdiction of this Government without
; conditions, or shall conditions be made regard in*
' sla\ery ? He did not intend to go into an argu-
ment on this subject; it was not embraced in any
provision of this bill, and therefore he should not
enlarge upon it further than to state it; it was this:
if the power and money of this Government can
be employed for the extension of slavery, and the
acquisition of territory, because slavery exists in
it, then it was a very plain proposition to his
mind, that the Government has power to make
conditions and prescribe terms on which it shall
be received within our jurisdiction. And he said
further, if it be true that slavery cannot be remov-
ed from a territory where it exists—and that had
been asserted—by the Government of the United
States, because it exists there, then he asserted
that if territory which is free is brought under the
jurisdiction of the United States, for the very same
reason slavery ought not to exist there. If it came
in free, it ought to remain free. The one proposi-
tion was as good as the other.
He had but one other remark to make on this
point, and that was, that he was as much disposed
as any one to discuss this great question with can-
