1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m®
dor and frankness. He had no asperity of feeling
at all on the subject; but gentlemen would pardon
him when he said that when territory was brought
in and slavery was established in it, it became
almost impossible to uproot it again. A State
brought into this Union was usually poor. There
were vested rights of properly which they felt it
incumbentoii them to maintain, and the result was
seen in the admission of many slave States since
the adoption of the Constitution. He desired, how-
ever, that this question should be discussed calmly
and without passion. He entertained the opinion
that it was quite proper that the free States of this
Union should begin to look to this matter, and to
vindicate tiie rights that belonged to them. He
thought so last session, when a bill was brought
here from the House of Representatives for a sim-
ilar purpose, with a provision that slaveiy should
not exist in the territory so to be acquired. Such
a provision met his approbation. It came here at
the close of the session—within some few minutes
of the expiration of the session, when the chairman
of the Committee on Finance rose and moved that
that provision should be struck fiom the bill.
With the views he had expressed, he rose in his
place and objected to it, and he occupied a.very
short time, in the midst of many interruptions, in
stating the grounds of his opposition, and the bill
failed. No vote, however, was taken oil the prop-
osition; and for that, lie believed, it had seldom
fallen to the lot of any individual to have such a
toirent of abuse and invective poured on his devo-
ted head as had been poured on his. This, how-
pver, gave him no great pain. He slept not the
less peacefully on tiiat account. Neveitheless he
did not desire to be misrepresented; and hence he
would state a few facts on this subject to set him-
self right. But whence came this abuse? He be-
lieved it began with the organ of the President, and
was followed by its satellites. There seemed to
be a sort of rivalry between that poition of the
press and the Abolitionists in the use of choice
phrases of abuse. And how came these two ex-
tremes together ? How came these opposing pow-
ers united for a common purpose? They seemed
to unite, most heartily in pouring out their invec-
tive and slander. And why? By the one this ter-
ritory was wanted, and he desired to retain m the
bill a provision winch would prevent it being made
slave territory. Did the Abolitionists desire that
or not? He would not stay longer to speculate oil
what they desired.
That bill was introduced here some fifteen or !
twenty minutes before the close of the last session.
It embraced a great question—one that had been
dwelt upon during the present session with great
power and eloquence. And how had it been char-
acterized'1 As a question which threatened to
shake tins Government to its centre. And yet they
were called upon, in passive obedience to the Pres-
idential will, to give a vote on a question of that
sort, without discussion. Now, suppose he and
his colleague had sat here in silence, and that pro-
vision had been struck out of this bill, 111 what
position would they have stood ? Why they would J
have been exposed to a mountain wave of abuse, |
from which there would have been no escape.
They would then have been charged with neglect-
ing their duty. lie knew not what would have
been the result, if the vote had been taken; but
unless the evidence before him was deceptive, it
would have been stricken out. There would not
have been force enough here to keep it in the bill.
But while he was charged with talking that bill
to death, let him inquire how much time was de-
voted to that great question. He had seen several n
accounts given of this by different reporters, and !
he had counted how often he had been interrupted j
during the short time'he occupied the floor, by busi- j
ness from the other House, and lie was enabled i
to say that while the time occupied by him was but j
about a quarter of on hour—certainly not twenty I
minutes be had been interrupted nine times, i
Now, he thought any gentleman who supposed I
that bill would have passed without discussion, if \
he had kept his seat, was under a misapprchen- [
sion. Gentlemen all around him manifested an j
inclination to have the matter discussed. He saw
arnu nd him ummstakeable signs of such a dispo- ,
sition. It was a great mistake, then, to suppose
osition to strike out, and it had been sent to the j
House, it was absolutely impossible that it could j
come back in time to accomplish its object. There |
was not enough of the session left.
There was one other point on which he would
say a word. He gave the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations a promise that he
should have an opportunity to take the vote upon
that proposition, and he gave it in good faith.
He intended the vote should be taken. He was
not aware that there was a difference between the
clocks of the House and of this Chamber, but it
appeared there was some eight minutes difference:
the clock of the House was so much faster than
the clock of tile Senate. Their labors were theie-
fore brought to a close by the announcement that
the House had adjourned. At the time the an-
nunciation was made, he had determined to take
his seat and give the Senate an opportunity to take
the vote. He had promised it should be taken, j
and it was the misapprehension as to the time ;
which prevented it. It was absolutely painful to |
him thus to speak about himself to this body, but i
he hud had so much vituperation and abuse, that
he had deemed it necessary to avail himself of this |
opportunity to make this explanation. j
He would say a word or two on another sub- !
ject, and then he would take his seat. The Sena- j
tor from Georgia [Mr. Berrif.n] had proposed to
amend this bill. He had proposed to incorporate
into this law, if law it should become, a provision
setting forth that it was the express will of Con-
gress that this war was not to be prosecuted for
conquest, and that this Government was at all
times ready to conclude a peace that would be
honorable to Mexico as well as to ourselves. We
are in search of peace. This bill proposes to have
that object. There was great discontent in Mexi-
co, arising from a fear that our purpose was to
dismember that republic. They feared that the
object was to annex them to this country. That
was the exciting subject throughout the republic
of Mexico. What, then, ought we to do, unless
it was seriously determined to make conquest of
that territory' The first object should be to admit ;
that such was not our object; that it was not our
purpose to wrest any part of their country from j
them; that it was no part of our purpose to dis- >
member their territory. And would not such an
assurance at once tranquillize the public mind of
Mexico? Would it not put another great ques-
tion at rest forever here?—and what then would
remain that could not be promptly settled? Ap-
proach the question of boundary temperately, and
that might be set at rest. The question of claims
of our citizens could be settled also without diffi-
culty. The basis was prescribed. They would
have nothing to do but to pursue the course
marked out, and they might have a peace in sixty
days, if the negotiators could be brought together.
If, however, it was intended to " conquer a peace,"
the day, he was of opinion, was remote, when it
would be obtained. He apprehended the post-
ponement would be an indefinite one, if that course j
were pursued. He heard it said, not long since,
and by one in public station, who had it from the ,
mouth of Santa Ana, that if it was the pleasure of!
the United States, he could give them a ten years |
war_a war as long as it took to conquer Troy. |
If we meant to disclaim that with which we are |
charged, we should do it boldly and fearlessly, and |
in language that could not be mistaken He was ;
obliged to'infer, from the facts which, in the course j
of Ins remarks, he had placed before the Senate, ;
that the President of the United States is anxious j
for the acquisition of territory. He was sorry to ,
be obliged to come to that conclusion; but he could
not resist it. He intended to speak plainly and i
fearlessly on this subject. He thought he under-
stood the President's views on this question. Pie .
thought, too, that if territory was to be acquired ;
to satisfy his ambition and to glorify his name, it j
was to be for the extension of slavery. He thought
he knew the President's views on that subject;
and he thought ho understood the President's
policy in regard to it. He desired to see this Wil-
mot proviso retained in this bill. Why' Because
bv that proviso, he said, he did not want terntoiy.
I He desired to conquer the ambitious views of the
President; and if they could prevent the President
war as he did to get into it. Other gentlemen
might differ from him; but this policy would be
his, to obtain that great boon which they all de«
sired—a speedy and honorable peace.
Mr. HA.NNEGAN too-k the floor, and, as the
hour was late, proposed an adjournment; but gave
way to
Mr. CALHOUN, who gave notice that on to-
morrow morning he would call up his resolutions.
Mr. C. afterwards, however, in order that Mr.
Hannegan should have the opportunity of pro-
ceeding to address the Senate to-morrow, withdrew
the notice.
REPORTING BY CONTRACT.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the Senate ad-
journ; but a proposition having been made to go
into Executive session, before doing so, he desired
to offer a resolution which he would send to the
Chair. Mr. H. thennsenf the following;
Resolve*!, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and hereby
is, nuthorizpif and directed to contract with Br. James A.
Houston to furnish fufl and accurate reports of the proceed-
ings anil debates in the Senate for tile thirtieth Congress:
Provided, That the cost theieof shall not e.-u'eed the sum ot
.■§12 001) for tile Ion:: sc^ion, and for the short session;
and in the event ol'an extra session of snut Coma ess, in like
propoitioii for swell cuia session, to be paid out of the
appropriation lor the contingent expenses of the Senate:
Provided, That said contractor shall employ a sufficient
nuinhci of steiio iaphrrs and other leporteis, to enable him
to furnish full and .iceuiatc leporkof each da\'s proceedings
and debates m printed lorm on tiie succeeding morning,
and shall have the -.une neally made up at the close o?
eveiy week, in quai lo fin m, for pre.nei vation, and shall fur-
nish to each member of the Senate twenty copies of the
daily and twelve copies of the weekly publication.and that
lie s'liall also send daily, by mail, a copy of the daily repoits
to the piineipal newspapers of the United States.
Mr. ARCHER hoped, before going into Execu-
tive session, the Senate would indulge him by
taking up the bill authorizing the purchase of the
papers of the late James Madison, from Mrs. D.
P. Madison. Mr. A. gave very urgent reasons
why the bill should be favorably and promptly
acted on.
The bill was briefly opposed by Mr. BREESE
and Mr. BENTON, the former of whom asked
for the yeas and nays on the engrossment, which
were oulered, and lesulted as follows:
YEAS—Aieher, P>a(i£fi'r, Berrien. Butler, John
M. Olajton, (lorwm, Ciitienden, Davis, F.vain, Fairfield,
Greene, llannee.in, Houston, Jnrnagm, Johnson of Mary-
land, Jolm-on ot Louisiana, Mansjum, Mason, Millei, More-
jjpad, s^turseon, We^icott, Woodlu-idge, and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atch)<on, Bright, Ben-
ton, Cillcy, Thomas Clapton, Dickinson, and Niles—9.
The bill was then read a third time by unani-
mous consent, and passed.
[The bill g-ives $5,000 in hand, and authorizes
the issue of scrip for $20,000, at an interest of six
per cent., which cannot be sold or disposed of.]
Mr. EVANS observed that there was another
bill, a cousin-german of the one just passed, for
the benefit of on elderly lady, who was in very
destitute circumstances—he alluded to the bill for
the relief of Mrs. Mary McCrae, widow of Colonel
Mo.Crae.
This hill led to some debate, in which Messrs.
BREESE, ASHLEY, BUTLER, and others, par-
ticipated, when the question was taken on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed, and was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 23, nays 10.
The bill was, by unanimous consent,read a third
time and parsed.
On motion, the Senate proceeded to the consider-
ation of executive business, and, after some time
spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
fi, lU auupuiic Ii iicaiucnij ,i l U 1 i> 1
that the bill could hnve passed. Any one who I acquiring any hut free territory, he had 110 tear
would look at the subject with candor, would see j that the President ™ou'cl^™J Pres.den
that the bill was brought here at so late a period purpose. Retain the P™viso, and .1
that if the yeas and nays were taken on the prop- u would go to work as earnestly to get
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Febmary 25, 1847.
The Journal of yesterday was read (twenty-five
minutes being occupied in the reading) and ap-
proved.
On motion of Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON",
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Hopkins,
of Virginia, in the chair, and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (under consideration last even-
ing) making- appropriations for the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending June 30, 1^18.
The question was put on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Bowuw, viz:
" That hereafter, any law to the contrary notwithstanding,
all advertisements, made under oidcr^s of tli*  Po-tmaptL-r
General, m a newsunpei or newspapers, of letters uncalled
for in any post office, shail be in-seited in such newspaper
