1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
The question was put on the amendment, and
no quorum voted; a recount was had, and the vote
was decided by tellers: Ayes 83, noes 42. So the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved an
amendment: "For an iron light-house in lieu of
the light-boat stationed at —  , in Long Island
Sound, $10,000,Disagreed to.
Mr. IVIcKAY moved a new section providing
(as the Reporter understood) for the survey by an
officer of engineers of any new site on which a
light-house is authorized to be placed by the pro-
visions of the bill before the erection'of such light-
house.
After some lemarks by Messrs. GRINNELL,
McIvAY, McCLELLAND, and others—
The question was put on agreeing to the amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to: Ayes 56, noes 74.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved a new sec-
tion appropriating $7,000 for an iron light-house in
lieu of the light-boat stationed at , in Long
island Sound. Disagreed to.
Mr. JOHN P. MARTIN moved n proviso:
"Providing that no money appropriated by this
bill shall be paid out of the Treasury, if the same
should be necessary to carry on the war with
Mexico." Disagreed to: Ayes 40, noes 78.
Mr. WRIGHT moved an amendment for the
erection of a li°;ht-house on the ridge at the en-
trance of Newark harbor, near Bergen, New Jer-
sey, $4,500. Disagreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved an amendment for the
erection of a light house at Sabine Pass, Texas,
$5,000. Disagreed to.
The bill having been completed, was laid aside.
THE MARINE CORPS.
On motion of Mr. X. E. HOLMES, the bill for
the increase of the Marine Corps of the United
States was taken up.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved an amend-
ment providing for the dismissal of the officers
and men raised under the bill at the conclusion of
the war with Mexico.
Mr. HOLMES advocated and defended the bill ji
asa necessary adjunct of the war. After which— }!
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's amend- j!
ment, and it was disagreed to. !|
Mr. BOWLIN moved the following as asubsti- ||
tute for the fifth section; which was agreed to: I;
"Be it further enacted, That the President, at the teimi- ;
nation of the Mexican wai, shall t educe the marine coips to ;;
a number, both in men and officers, not exceeding the nura- i|
ber now in service."
The committee rose and reported the several i!
bills, as amended, which they had had under con- 11
sideration. j)
RELIEF 01? IRELAM). \\
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT made a strong j|
effort to get up his bill for the relief of Ireland, but ||
the House refused. n
THE POST OFFICE AND OTHER BILLS. ||
The bill making appropriations for the service ,[
of the Post Officc Department for the year ending
June 30, 1848, was taken up; to which
Mr. HAMLIN moved the following amend-
ment, and also moved the previous question; ,
which was seconded, and the main question was .
ordered: •
"That hereafter, any lavvio the contraiy notwithstanding, j
all advertisements, made under orders of the Postmaster j
General, in a news-paper oi newspaper?, of letters uncalled ,
for in any post office, s-hall be inserted m such newspaper !
or newspapers as shall he designated by the postmaster of |
the town ot place where the office adveitising is situated, i
or the neaie^t newspaper thereto; provided the editor or J
editors of such piper or papers shall agree to insert the same :
for a price not gi eater than that now fixed by law." j
The question was decided by yeas and nays as I
follows: i
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bcdinger, Biggs, James Black, !
James A. Black,Bowdon, Bowhn, Bnnkerhoft", William G. j
Brown, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Claike, ,
Cobb, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dillingham, ;
Dobbin, Douglass, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellen, Erdman, Ficklin, ,
Qaivin. Giles, Goodyear, Hamlin, Harmanson, Hastings, !
G. S. Houston, E. W.'Hubard, Iltmgerfoid, Joseph John.-.on,
Andrew Johnson, Geonre W. Jones, Kaufman, Lawrence,
Leffler, La Sere, Lumpkin, MeCleari, McClelland, McCrate, '
McDaniPl, McKay. BaiklevMaitm, Morris, Noiris, Panish, ]
Payne, Phelps, Pillsbury, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Robeits,Saw- :
yer, Scammon, Alex. D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Strong, Svkes, Jacob Thompson, i
Thurmrm, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wentworth, Wick, Wil-
liams, Wilmot, Woodward, and Yost—77. !
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Stephen ;
Adams, Arnold, Barringer, Bell, Benton, Blanchard, Bojd, ,
John H. Campbell, Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Cocke, ;
Cranston, Dargan, Dixon, John H. Ewing, Foot, Graham, <
Grmnell, Grov#r, Hale, Hatnptou, fcjenl«y, Henry, John W, ,
Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingeisoll, Leake, Lewis, Long, Marsh, Newton,
Julius Rockwell, Russell, Seddon, Severance, Stewart,
Benjamin Thompson, Trumbo, and White—61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and was engrossed and read a
third time, and passed.
The bill in addition to and in amendment of the
several acts to promote the progress of the useful
arts was then taken up.
Mr. STANTON moved the previous question;
and under its operation the amendments of the
Committee of the Whole were concurred in, the
bill ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
and was engrossed and read a third time and passed.
The bill making appropriations for the Indian
Department for the year ending June 30,1848, was
then taken up, and the report of the Committee of
the Whole concurred in, viz: to agree to all the
amendments of the Senate except the last, which ;
was disagreed to. *
The bill making appropriations for the Military |
Academy for the year ending June 30, 1848, and !
the amendments of the Senate thereto, as reported
by the Committee of the Whole, was next taken up.
The question was stated to be on concurring
with the Committee of the Whole in their agree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate, and, being
put—
The House refused to concur with the Commit-
tee of the Whole in their agreement to the Senate's
amendments.
The bill authorizing the erection of certain light-
houses and for other purposes was next taken up.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the pievious ques-
tion; ami under its operation the amendments of
the Committee of the Whole were concurred in, and
the biii ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and was engrossed and read a third time,
when—
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previous ques-
tion; and under its operation the bill was passed,
by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Abbott, Arnold, Ashman, Bell, Blanchard,
Brinkerhoft, William W Campbell, Cathcari, Jo'lm (2. Chap-
man, Cocke, Cranston, Dari an, Garrett Da\^, Delano, l3e
Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Dougla«s,Dunlap, Ed-all, John M.
Ewing, Guiding*, Gile«, Goodveai, Gunnel!, Clover, Hale,
Hamlin, Hampton, Hastings, Henley, Henry, I. E. Holmes,
Hough, John W. Houston, Samut 1 D. Hubhaul, Hudson,
Hungerl'ord, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, J. 11. Irigei-
soll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler lung, Law-
rence, Lefflei, Jja Sere, Lewis, Ligon, Long, Maclay, Mc-
Clelland, McCrate, McHcnry, MeXlv.une, Mar?h, Miller,
Muselej, Newton, Niven, Norri , Pillabuiy, PoJlock, Ripley,
.Tuhus Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Rus«ell,
Scammon, Schenok, Seaman, Seveianee, Tiumau Smith,
Robert Smith, Stewart, Strohin, Strong, Sykes, Thomas-
son, Benjamin Thompson, Tibbatts, Trumbo, Vinton, Went-
worth', White, Williams, Winthrop, and Wnght— 89.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Barrmgei, Bedinger, .
Benton, BiasK, James Black, Jamc* A Black. Bowdon, Bow- !
lin, Boyd, William G. Brown, Augustus A. Chapman, Reu- j
ben Cnapinan, Clarke, Cobb, Cottrell. Crozier, Cullom, j
Cunningham, Darnel. Dobbin, E'b'u, Ertlman, Faran, Fick- j
lin, Garvin, Graham. Hopkins, George 3. Houston, Edmund j
W. Hubard, Joseph Johnson, Andtcw Johnson, George W. I
Joneri, Kaufman, Leake, Lump'un. McClernand, MeDamel, j
Jo-ep'i J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, Batklcy !
Martin, Moin>, Panish, Pavne, Phelps, R-jid, Relfe, Ritter, j
Robert*, Sawyer, Seddon, Alexandei D. Sims, Leonard H. i
Sims, Stanton, Jacob Thompson, Towns, Tredway, Wick, '
Wilmot, Woodward, and Yost—63. j
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the j
vote just taken, and also moved to lay that motion ,
on the table; which was agreed to. ^ !
The next bill taken up was (he bill to increase !
the marine corps of the United States. -
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole !
was concurred m, and the bill ordered to be en- ,|
grossed and read a third time, and was engrossed j
and read a third time, and passed. |
AndUhen the House adjourned. j
IN SENATE. |
Friday, February 26, 1847. |j
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with. '
A number of bills from the House was read a j
first and second times, by unanimous consent, and ,j
referred to the appropriate committees. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
accompanied by fifty-eight copies of the official \
Army Register; which was read. j
PETITIONS. i
Mr. DIX presented four petitions of citizens of J
New York, praying that the Tonawanda band of
Indians may be exempted from the operation of
the Seneca treaty of 1842; which were laid upon
the table.
Also, the memorial of Russell Sturgis, praying
that a register may be issued for a British vessel
purchased and repaired by him in the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, pray-
ing an alteration in the system of disposing of the
public lands of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, additional documents relating to the claim
of Amos Holton; which, with his petition on the
the files of the Senate, were referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Wil-
liam T. Saywood, aija others, praying that a regis-
ter may be issued for the barque Canton, a foreign
vessel which was wrecked upon the coast of the
United States, and purchased and rebuilt by them;
which was referred to the Committee on Com'
merce.
Mr. CAMERON presented five petitions of in-
habitants of Pennsylvania, praying such altera-
tions in the Constitution and laws of the United
States as will abolish slavery throughout the Union;
the motion to receive which was laid upon the
table.
Mr. ALLEN presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Ohio in favor of increasing the pay and
allowing1 bounty land to the soldiers in the service
of the United States and Mexico, tendering to the
Government the aid of that Slate in bringing the
war to an honorable conclusion, and expressing
their high sense of the gallant conduct of the army
in Mexico; which were read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the petition of Henry
Sheppard, heir of William Sheppard, deceased, a
revolutionary soldier, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a preamble and res-
olution of the Legislature of New York, m favor
of the enactment of a law to regulate the transport-
ation of passengeis on board of merchant vessels;
which were read and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts, praying that an appropriation may
be made for a light-boat at the entrance of the Vine- -
yard Sound and Buzzard's Bay; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
John Lonmer Graham, late postmaster of the city
of New York, praying that authority may be con-
ferred upon the auditor of the Post Office Depart-
ment to audit his accounts for expenditures in fitting
up post offices in said city; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, it was ordered
that 500 extra copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner on Indian Affairs, with the accompanying
documents, upon the case of the Tonawanda band
of Indians, be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom had been referred the bill from the House
making appiopriations for the support of the army
and of volunteers, for the year ending 30th June,
1848, and for other purposes, reported the same
with amendments.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom had been referred the amendments
of the House to the bill of the Senate, to establish
an additional land office in the northern part of the
State of Michigan, and to provide for the sale of
the mineral lands of the United States in the State
of Michigan and Territory of Wisconsin, reported
thereon. The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom had been
referred the bill from the House to amend the act
entitled " An act to reduce the rates of postage, to
' limit the use and correct the abuse of the frank-
'ing privilege, and for the prevention of frauds on
'the revenues of the Post Office Department,''
passed March 3, 1845; reported the same without
amendment.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said bill as in committee of the whole.
No amendment having been offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third read-
ing, and was, by unanimous consent, read a third
time, and passed.
