512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26.
/ Mr. CRITTENDEN asked leave to introduce
/ the following bill:
A BILL to provide some relief for the suffering people of
Ireland and Scotland.
Be it enacted, #c., That the President of the United States
be, and he hereby i9, authorized to cause to be purchased
each provisions as he may d^em suitable and proper, and to
cause the same to be transported and tendered, in the name
of the Government of the United States to that of Great
Britain, foi the relief of the people of Ireland and Scotland,
auffmn® from the great calamity ot scarcity and famine.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of five hun-
dred thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated. out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to carry into effect this act.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the Ptesident of
the United States be, and he is hereby authorized, at hi<=
discretion, to emplov any of tlie public ships of the United
St ites lor the transportation of the provisions to be pui chased
as aforesaid.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said: In accordance with
notice given on a former d<^y, I rise to introduce
this bill for the relief of the suffering poor of Ire-
land and Scotland; but before I make this motion,
1 beg leave to make a very few remarks?. The
whole world has heard of the calamity which has
fallen on Ireland and Scotland; of the scarcity and
famine which prevail there. I do not come here
with an empty parade of words, to impress the
picture of a famishing people upon the minds of
this honorable body. I come to discharge only
what I consider a solemn duty. It is our duty as
representatives of the people, to carry out their
views ?s they have been presented to this body.
The calamity is no ordinary one. It has not come
upon that people as the result of idleness or folly
on their part. It is one of those inscrutable dis-
pensations of Providence,'to which we are, as na-
tions, one and all liable, and m winch we must be,
fine and all, interested. The depth and extent of
the calamity is known to the whole world, and the
whole world must leel for the sufferers. It may
be asked, Was it any duty of ours to attempt to
relieve their sufferings? Was it our duty to inter-
pose om chanty? He thought it was. Our liber-
ality has been exhibited as a nation in cases by no
means as pressing and appalling. The hill which
I have drawn up is in the language of the bill
passed in 181*2 for the relief of the people of Ven-
ezuela, suffering ftom the effects of an earthquake.
1 have copied it from that bill, which was approved
May 8, 1812. The bill was introduced by a com-
mittee, of which Mr. Macon was chairman. The
*•  character of Mr. Macon is well known. From
Ins ceaseless \jgilancc he was looked upon as the
watchman of the Constitution. The bill passed
by a unanimous vote in the f louse of Representa-
tives; and J notice amou« those voting for it, the
names of Randolph, Richard M. Johnson, (of my
own State,) and the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun*.] It does not appear
that there was any opposition to it in the Senate,
and that bill appropriated $50,000. In that case
there was but a partial calamity arising from an
earthquake. No great national calamity continued
to sweep the people from die face of the earth; it
was a case of partial and local disti ess; yet that case
pn'scnted a sufficient motive for the exercise of
our national sympathy. How much more appal-
liiv and wide-spread is the calamity now appeal-
ing to our charity ! The people, too, of Venezuela
were of a different race from us; yet they were
men, and the appeal came to us, connected only by
the tie of a common humanity; and we, as a na-
tion, interfered for their relief. But who are the
sufferers now? They are our kindred—bound to
us not meiely by a common humanity, but by a
moit; intimate bond of brolhoihood. We are, to
a gK«U extent, the descendants of the people of Ire-
land, We aie the kmdied and offspring of Irish-
men, and every day the tie is strengthened and en-
deated by emigrants coming to our shores to become
one with us. 11 is not, then, as in the case of Vene-
zuela, the mere claim of a common humanity, but
the t>e of a more endearing brotherhood. This ca-
lamity fills the world with the voice of lamentation.
Are we not, then, as men and as Christians, bound
to listen and iespond? I think we are. So far as
the constitutional argument is conccrned, with the
voice of suffc)ing ringing m my ears, and this pre-
cedent before me, I lay down all objections at the
feet of charity. But are we not under other obli-
gations, which incite us to tins act of charity ? Our
own h. ppy land is crowned with plenty, surpas-
sing in fertility and abundance anything m the his-
tory of nations. Do not these blessings lay any
obligation upon us? From him to whom much is
given much will be required. The very abundance
with which we are blessed increases our obligation
to act generously, as well as charitably and justly,
and to render obedience to the great law of human-
ity. It would be strange if our Constitution was
so fashioned and framed as to interdict the exer-
cise of Christian charity by a nation, the hearts of
whose people prompt them to offer such assistance
as is now proposed. It would be to suppose that
the Constitution was set up in opposition to the
commandment of our religion, and in a spirit of j
superhuman presumption, and in laying down
rules for the government of our free people, to re-
peal that higlflaw of Heaven—that law of the King
of Kings. But no, sir; no, sir. There was no such
design as this in the hearts of those noble and patri-
otic men who framed the Constitution. Every con-
sideration of high moral and political character calls
upon us to meet this question in a liberal spirit. I |i
have pointed your attention to the extremity of jj
this distress, and to a strong precedent in a case j
not half so strong in our Congressional history.
I have pointed to the wide-spread famine which
calls to us for relief—to the tie of our common hu-
manity, and to the still higher obligations of our
religion. But there are other incentives almost as
strong and as high as those to which I have refer-
red. What will be the influence of such an ex-
ample ? What a spectacle will it be for the people
of the world to admire, to see one nation holding
out her hands full of plenty, and pouring joy and
consolation into hearts now sick with sorrow, and
into homes desolate and famine-stricken. Can
vou imagine any moral spectacle more sublime
than that of one nation holding out the hand which
is full of plenty to the suffering people of another
nation ? Hitherto, the hands of nations have been
red with each other's blood. National hearts have
been without sympathy and without charity.
Thank God ! it is not so now' Governments have
been converted to Cbtistianity, and have learned
that the great source of human happiness consists
in peacc and amity between nations. The day is
| coming when nations will be bound together in n
| common brotherhood, and war, if not extinguished
i and forgotten, will be less frequent, and will only j
] exist from overwhelming necessity. There is ,
i nothing more noble than to give to the hungry and j
| and naked food and raiment, to the extent of our :
I ability. We should be pioud of the opportunity, j
j and that we possess ample means to improve it. j
j The people evci y wheie are moved to act chaiitably. |
1 From Hoston to New Orleans the heart of the na- ;
: tion is alive and panting with the spirit of charity, j
1 The ullage emulates the city in the exhibition of j
■ the noblest sympathy with the sufferers. We but j
j follow the impulses of the national heart by giving j
: this national bounty. We but act within the pale I
, of our constitutional duty when we undertake this |
f great work. We can do what individual charity |
; cannot do. We can make the bounty national. I |
! would not give the national reputation of such an !
| act for ten times the appropi iation proposed. I ,
; would not have the act done in an ostentatious j
| way. I would ha\e it unobtrusive. I would not I
| have it heralded with the sound of trumpet, to call
i the attention of the world to our acts; but I would
, have it done effectively and nationally; and to have
' it moie national, I have introduced a clause to au-
I thorize the Ptesident to send out a national vessel,
j under the national ilag, to the British Government,
; carrying the national contribution—a present from
j the Government of one people rejoicing in plenty,
, to another Government, to be distributed among
l| its people, suffeimg from a national calamity.
! What a sreat and glorious spectacle, to see the
j floating instruments of death, their decks no longer
; frowning with implements of destruction, but waft-
| ing substantial evidences of a nation's good-will to
i the alHicted of another nation. Such exhibitions
" would not only mark the onward march of benev-
i; olent civilization, and brighten the intercourse be-
ll tween nations, but would speak the longmg aspi-
|' rations of the nations of the earth for the advent
!' of a holier and a happier day. Yes, sir, I would
'! have this offering of our sympathy and fraternal
i; feelings for the generous sons of Eiin and Scotia,
i, bouie undei our national flag. I would have all
the world honor, and love, and welcome that flag,
j; not only as it is now known, as the flag of valor;
but I would broaden its stripes and brighten its
j! stars by making it the welcome messenger of gen-
j| erosity, and humanity, and fraternal feeling, to
II those whose warm hearts are now in affliction.
The bill was then read a first time.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON moved that it be read a
second and third time to-day, and passed. If,
(said he,) I need any apology for offering myself
an advocate for the measure now before the Sen-
ate,! shall find it in the resolutions recently adopt-
ed by the representatives in the Legislature of the
State of Delaware, which I in part represent, de-
claring that the people of that State will sanction
and approve any measures which the General Gov-
ernment can adopt, to furnish or forward supplies
of food to the poor and destitute people of Ireland,
and requesting me, with my colleagues in Con-
cress, to aid in the adoption of such measures.
They have also resolved that no better use could
be made of a national vessel than in carrying relief
to suffering thousands, and that it would be a cir-
cumstance worthy of note in the advance of Chris-
tian charity, honorable in the sight of God and
man, if the good ship Pennsylvania, or one of our
noble war steamers, should be employed for a sea-
son in conveying to that distressed countiy the
food which benevolence is ready to furnish in
abundance, but which it is unable, unless at great
expense and delay, to send by the ordinary means
of conveyance. 'The reason assigned in the pre-
amble to these resolutions for their adoption, is,
" that it becomes us as a Christian people, blessed
' with a superabundance of the necessaries of life,
4 to extend aid to our fellow-men, who are perish-
1 ing with hunger and want." These resolutions,
Mr] President, meet with my most hearty concur-
rence, and I shall respond to the sentiments which
they express by the vote which I shall give on this
hill. It is scarcely necessary, however, to offer
this apology, after the eloquent speech of my friend
from Kentucky. And if any Senator here thinks
that he is obstructed by constitutional difficulties
from giving relief to the suffering people of Ireland
and Scotland, I have on my table the means to re-
mote his scruples.
A.s to the extent of the distress in Ireland and
Scotland, we may gather some just opinion of it
from the recent speech of the Queen of Great Brit-
ain, and from the debates in Parliament, as well
as from the columns of the public press. I hold
; in my hand some numbers of the Hull Advertiser,
I icciting facts which exhibit the extreme destitution
| of the inhabitants of unhappy Ireland, as well as
! those of the Highlands of Scotland, which no man
j whose heart is in the right place, can read without
! emotions of pity, and even of horror. Men, wo-
men, and childien,have been endeavoring to sustain
nature, while sinking for the want of food, by eat-
ing: sca-weed and grass, deprived also of clothing
: and fire. The ravages of disease and pestilence,
j have followed in the train of famine, and the bodies
of men, women, and children, who have thus
perished in great numbers, have been buried with-
out coffins. The supply of food is daily diminish-
: ing,and all the exertions of theGovernment, which
seems to be straining every nerve to succor the
distressed, have been, and it is evident will con-
I tinue to be, to a great extent, una\ailin£. Men
| arc now thinking not of future crops nor of the
seed-time and harvest to como, but their whole
thoughts are devoted to the single subject of imme-
diate safety ai^l escape from the. horrors of abso-
lute starvation. Other countries in Europe are
unable to aid the sufferers. Indeed, many of them
; are scarcely able to supply themselves with the
necessary aliment of life. Scotland, as well as
England, with France, Belgium, and other nations,
where the crowded masses of mortality have been
; foi years past increasing consumption beyond their
j powers of supply, can render no effective assistance
i to our unhappy fellowmen in Ireland.
, The day has arrived when Europe stretches out
| her hands to America for aid in an hour of distress,
j which has scarcely a parallel in the annals of
! modern history. On the other hand, how stands
| the case with us? Since the foundations of this
: republic were laid, there has never been a year m
: which the fruits of the earth were poured forth in
: greater abundance from the bosom of our soil than
' during that which has just passed away. God
; has blessed us not only with enough for our own
j consumption, but, as I verily believe, with the
: abundant means to supply the immediate wonts of
: every other living creature whom He has made in
1 his own image. Under th^se circumstances it has
. been suggested by some, that pmate benevo'once
among our countrymen may prove sufficient to
• supply the wants and pressing necessities of both
