R ESS I ON A L GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR U RIVES.
29th Congress, 2d Session.
Ireland and Scotland. Sir, I admit that it would
be a libel on our countrymen to suppose that they
are not willing;, from their wealth and resources,
to supply these wants; but the answer to those
who would throw the sufferers from starvation up-
on that reliance only, is that, from the defect of
organization among themselves—from the want of
timely preparation to meet a crisis which they
never anticipated—from the want of concert of
action, and especially of suitable agents to carry
their benevolent and charitable designs into exe-
cution, it will be found difficult, if not utterly im-
possible, to succor the sick and the famishing
beings who are stretching out their hands for relief,
from the pressing horrors of immediate death.
!Now, sir, millions may be thus given, which may
never reach those for whom they were intended,
and thousands may perish before these supplies
shall arrive, delayed, as they mast be, by the
causes to which I have adverted.
# Sir, it is a nation which lifts up its voice crying
for food, and a nation should respond to the ap-
peal. If there be nature in this, we must feel for ■
those sufferers, and I venture to say that there is
not an American bearing a heart, worthy of the
name, who would not glory in the fact, that this,
the country of his birth, or his adoption, had ex-
hibited to the rest of the world the spectacle of one
Christian nation, extending its mighty arm audits
bounteous hand for the relief of the sufferings and
sorrows of another. Tell me not of mere private
and individual charity, when a whole nation is
asking for assistance. In such a case, let a nation
answer the imploration. There is no charity in
the flinty bosom of the miser, who, in tfcie midst
of all his wealth, refuses his contribution to such
an object; but even he, compelled as he is, to con-
tribute to the revenues of the nation, can be com-
pelled by this distribution of the national bounty,
if by no other means, to yield up some portion of
his surplus wealth, to save his fellow creatures
from famine. There are no other means by which
all can alike contribute for the relief of a nation's
sufferings and privations.
To say that this Government is powerless for
all the purposes of charity, under the extraordi-
nary circumstances,and in view of the unparalleled
condition of Ireland and Scotland, is to deny to
the fathers of the Republic the common attributes
of humanity. The same power conferred upon
Congress by the Constitution, to appropriate mo-
ney from the treasury to relieve the wants and
supply the necessities of the people of Caraccas
when destroyed by an earthquake—may now,
with much more reason,be invoked again in behalf
of a nation allied to us by the ties of blood and j
kindred—and endeared to us, as Ireland will ever
be, and remain, by the recollection of all the heroic
sacrifices of her sons in the great cause of human
rights—by all their patriotic struggles far liberty
and independence—by all their brilliant achieve-
ments on every theatre and in every field where
man has competed and struggled with his fellow
man for the elevation of ins race, in intellect,
morals, and character. I am persuaded, sir, that
there was full power in this Government to act as
it did in the case of La Fayette, by conferring solid
proofs of its gratitude, by liberal appropriations of
the public money and the public lands upon a I
national benefactor. Measuring the services of i
Irishmen in our own bloody struggles for liberty I
by the same standard, can we now refuse to do !
less for a whole nation, than we then did for a
'single individual? Pass this bill, sir, and there is
not a generous American within the limits of your
mighty Republic, who will not rejoice in the deed
you have done; and when the national ship, which
shall bear the fruits of your generosity across the !
waters, thus testifying the affectionate regard of;
one nation for another, and the sympathies of men
in the new world for the distresses of men in the
- old?—depend upon it, sir, there is not an Irishman,
there is not a European, there is not a living being
among the civilized nations of the world, who will
not hail her arrival at her port of destination, and
rejojee in such a manifestation of national charily.
Sir, we are at this moment exhibiting the terri-
MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1847.
ble energies of our Government in a period of war
for the vindication of that which it has claimed as
a right. We have deemed it necessary to ravage
the country of an enemy, to spread death among
her population, a©d to flood her cities with tears
and blood. Let us now show to the world that
the same Government is not powerless for other
purposes than those of war and desolation. That
the genius and essential character of our institu-
tions lead us to the indulgence, as a nation, of the
best feelings of J^e human heart, and the noblest
impulses which govern and direct the energies of
man. Then if, in the providence of God, it should
ever happen that our own fair country should be
stricken down with pestilence or famine, and we
be driven to imploie the assistance of other na-
tions, our prayer to the Author of the Univcise
will not be met by the withering rebuke denounced
against those who have refused to feed the hungry,
or aid in the relief of the distresed.
Mr. CASS said, as one member of this body,
he felt obliged to the Senator from Kentucky
for the motion he had submitted, and for the appro-
priate remarks with which he had introduced it.
He has (continued Mr. C^) expressed my senti-
ments, but with an eloquence peculiarly his own.
While physical want is unknown in our couutry,
the Angel of Death is striking down the famishing
population of Europe, and especially the suffering
^people of Ireland. The accounts which reach us
from that country indicate a state of distress, in
extent and degree, far exceeding any previous ex-
perience in modern times. It is a case beyond the
reach of private charity. Its fountains are drying
up before the magnitude of the evil. It is a national
calamity, and calls foi national contributions. The
starving millions have no Egypt t£ where they can
go and buy corn, that they may live and not die."
From our granary of abundance let us pour forth
supplies. Ireland has strong claims upon the sym-
pathy of the United States. There are few of our
citizens who have not Irish blood in their veins.
That country has sent out a large portion of the
emigrants who have added numbers to our popula-
tion, industry and enterprise to our capital, and the
other elements of power and prosperity which are
doing that mighty work, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, that is already exciting the admiration of
the Old World, and will stimulate by its examnle
the exertions of the New. Our population of Irish
descent have fought the battles of the country with
as much zeal and bravery as any class of citizens.
And from the Heights of Abraham, where Mont-
gomery fell, to the wails of Monterey, their blood
has been poured out like water in defencc of liber-
ty. Wc can now send to Ireland, not indeed what
she has sent to us, her children—those wc cannot
part with—but food for their relatives, our friends,
upon whom the hand of God is heavily laid. In a
petition presented yesterday by the Senator from
New York was a suggestion which I am gratified
to find imbodied in the bill reported by the Senator
from Kentucky, and which I should be happy to
see carried into effect—to employ, m the transpor-
tation of provisions, such of the armed ships of the
United States as are not required for the operations
of war. It would be a beautiful tribute to the ad-
vaancing spirit of the age. The messenger of
death would thus become a messenger of life; the,
agents of destruction, agents of preservation; and
our eagle, which has flown above them, and car-
ried our arms to the very coasts of Ireland, would
thus become the signal of hope, where it has been j
the signal of defiance. i shall lend the bill my
support with great pleasure.
Mr. NILES said that he would not have entered
into this debate had not the adoption of this meas-
ure been urged with so much force and eloquence
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky. He
thought it was about time to pause a little in our
career. This bill was introducing a precedent; for
he believed there was no parallel case which had
been the subject of legislation. They were told
that this calamity in Ireland was of so serious and i j
alarming a character, that it appealed to this great Jj
nation for relief—that it was a whole starving peo- ji
pie which cried to us for aid—that it was a calam- j|
New Series.,
ity beyond the reach of private aid. Be it so. Thfe
next question was, was it a subject' for national
care? Was it one which demanded the pouring
out of the national f>urse? And if it were a matter
requiring national interposition, did it belong td
us to interpose ? As a matter of feeling among our
own citizens, as a moral and Christian people, hav-
ing hearts to feel for the distresses of others,-the
contingency has been met nobly throughout our
wholecounfry. Ifitdemands nationalinterferencet
did it not rather belong to the Government to which
the Irish people belonged? He would say nothing
of tiie nature of that Government—of the oppres-
sion that was exercised by it upon its people, "He
simply asked whether it was any concern of ours
in a national point of view? He was astonished
at a proposition so extraordinary! Was not the
British Government at this very moment legisla-
ting- upon this subject, and were we to assume that
the greatest nation upon earth, the most wealthy
and the most powerful, to whom several States of
this Union were largely indebted, was not able to
provide for its people's wants?
Did it not rather belong to Great Britain to pro-
vide for the necessities of its suffering people than
for us ? Were we to become volunteers, and allies,
and cooperators with that Government in a matter
relating to the subjects of that Government? He
thought it would be disrespectful towards the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain to do so. It would be
interfering with that which did not concern US.
Let that Government take care of its own people,
if it were neccssary that a Government should in-
terfere. And this they were now doing, and in a
noble manner; they were adopting measures to put
Ii eland in a state of wardship, constituting the
British Government its guardian. It was a high-
handed power, but with that we had nothing to do.
They were carrying out measures of relief, appro-
priating some twenty millions sterling, about one
hundred millions of dollars. Whether this will be
done in time to arrest the fatal progress of the ca-
lamity, he knew not. Their treasury was as full
as ours, and they were nearer the scene of distress,
and it, of right, belonged to them to give relief. If
the people of Ireland wci-e trampled upon by their
Government, he did not know that that gave us a
right, as a nation, to interfere. He would not as-
sert that we were restrained by any constitutional
difficulties; he was not going to raise any consti-
tutional objection; but this he would say, that this
matter was misconceived. It had no business here.
We were going out of the line of our duty. We
were acting as wc had no right to act—constituting
ourselves ahnoneis to all nations. Why not go to
Scotland, and France, and Prussia, where the peo-
ple are suffering from scarcity? This was the
commencement of a course of legislation to which
there was no end. We were forgetting the great
maxim, that charity begins at home.
This Government had not interfered to i*elieve
the distresses of its own people, when suffering
from the consequences of destructive fires which
had sometimes occurred, destroying whole towns,
as in the case of Fayetteville some years ago, and.
they had done rightly in not interfering, because it
was a dangerous exercise of power. It was a
power that could ngt be exercised justly. They
had better leave the business of dispensing alms to
the liberality and generosity and better judgment
of their constituents. He would act as he thought
right. He felt that he had no authority to vote
half a million of money for the people of Ireland-—
none at all in his representative capacity. He did
not feel justified in taking the people's money fo<.
any object which was not committed to our charge-
It was all wrong. He thought the President might
be authorized to go so far as to send out a public
ship to carry the contributions of our citizens; and
for that he was disposed to vote, but he would not
be willing to go any further. Senators seemed to
rely on the precedent established by the act of
Congress an inconsiderate act he considered it—
givino- a portion of public money in the case of the
earthquake at Caraccas. He did not regard that
as establishing a precedent for this appropriation,
which would be placed on record to justify similar
