1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Cameron, and decided as follows:
YEAS -Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atlierton, Baj?by.
Breeze, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field, Hannegan, Houston,.Johnson of Louisiana, Mason,
Morehead, Rusk, Sevier,-Simmons, Soute, Stuigeon. Web-
ster, Westcott, and Woodbridge—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Benton, Beirien, Bright,
Butler, Calhoun, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Cor-
win, Davis, Davton, Evans, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson
of Maryland, Mdngum, Miller, Niies, and Yulee—-20.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the Senate resumed
the consideration^ in committee of the whole, of
the bill making further appropriation to bring the
existing war with Mexico to a speedy and honor-
able conclusion.
Mr. HANNEGAN then rose and said: The
main proposition before the Senate is simple in its
nature, and when stripped of adventitious matter, \\
rather barren as a subject of debate. The motives ! j
which induced the President to call for, and the jl
Committee on Foreign Relations to report, a bill ]j
for an extraordinary appropriation of three mil- i|
lions, were frankly and clearly set forth by the ']
chairman of that committee in his opening remarks, '
and signify nothing more than a desire to have the
proposed amount placed at the discretion of the
Executive, to be used, if necessary, in the final
attainment of that most desirable end—a peace
with Mexico. I will not offend the Senate by des-
canting upon the blessings of peace. There is no
object more desirable to a nation than its proper
preservation. A termination of the present war
with Mexico is desirable for both countries by
every consideration which policy can suggest or
humanity inspire. The appropriation itself pre-
sents nothing unusual in the practice of the Gov-
ernment. It has all the authority of precedent on
past occasions, neither of which can he regarded of
equal urgency with the present crisis; and so far
as the precedent is concerned, it lias all the weight
which can attach to illustrious names intimately
and eternally associated with our civil institu-
tions. The question, therefore, is one of expedien-
cy alone. At the last session a similar appropria-
tion was called for by the President. Regarding it
then, as I have said I regard it now, a mere ques-
tion of expediency, I was opposed to its grant, be-
cause I desired further information as to its object.
With the explanation now before, us, I am satis-
fied to trust the amount in the hands of the Execu-
tive, because the act itself is preceded by a satis-
factory disclosure of the motives inducing, and the
uses requiring it. It is guarded in advance by all
the cautionary measures which the most jealous
vigilance seems to require, and the application of
the money cannot be misdirected, without a gross
violation of his official trust by the President—such
a violation as would inevitably bring him to the
bar of public justice, and within the precincts of
this very Chamber, consign him to degradation, I
and his memory to the most ignominious associa- !
tions. The one exclusive purpose to which the j
money is to he applied, is the securement of peace, 1
which all concur is most desirable. I do not use j
the bandied term honorable peace, because I take !
it for granted that any other is out of the question. I
No member of the Senate entertains higher opin- !
ions of the importance of that great constitutional
provision which confides to Congress the absolute
control of the public treasury, and withholds from
application at individual discretion one single cent.
This appropriation I regard as strictly specific, a«
if directed to the erection of n custom-house, or
the construction of a harbor. The object is equally
determinate, and in its expenditure I feel that we
have a guarantee of the highest possible character.
The eyes of the country are directed with all-ab-
sorbing interest to the prosecution, the progress,
and the termination of the war with Mexico.
Every step that is taken is noted throughout the
land; and none can doubt that, as the passage of
this extraordinary appropriation would attract the
deepest interest, the public would require, as the
price of its expenditure, the most wholesome and
the most desirable result. I am not prepared to
say that the appropriation of this money will effect
the object, nor am I armed with any reasons other
than those I derive from the Senator from Arkan-
sas, in support of the probability that it will bean
earnest of peace. Viewing it as I do, if the meas-
ure do no good, it can do no harm. Unless ap-
plied in accordance with the law, and the spirit and
meaning of that law, it remains in the treasury,
and of course lapses into the common fund, the
property of the nation, and under the exclusive
control of Congress.
The President must have reasons of a confiden-
tial character in addition to what has been com-
municated to Congress, satisfactory to his own
mind, that this money is essential to the termina-
tion of the war; and, in the present crisis, as on all
similar occasions, the common suggestions of pol-
icy forbid a public disclosure of the information
which I presume he has confidentially received.
The great defect of our Government is the publici-
ty to which all our movements, intentions, and
negotiations, connected with foreign governments,
are exposed. They uniformly read us through
the debates in Congress, whilst we are blind as to
their ultimate deigns. And the advantages which
have thus been acquired over us at various times,
could not easily be estimated. At the same time
I do not well know how the evil could be reme-
died, consistently with the form and .spirit of re-
publican institutions.
But, Mr. President, whilst I am thus willing to
place this sum of money in the hands of the Ex-
ecutive for a specific purpose, I must be allowed
to express my own strong convictions that it should
be accompanied by the most decided and energetic
prosecution of the war on the part of this Govern-
ment. I am grossly deceived by all the lessons of
experience which are taught in the history of other
nations, if a temporizing policy on our part will
have any effect but to defeat the very end we would
accomplish. There is no peace within the circle
of a system of half-way measures at this juncture.
If there is, all history is a lie~ A friend—aware
of my opinion on this point—has kindly furnished
me with the following very apt quotation /ram one
of the most accomplished writers of the day. Ma-
caulcy, in his review of Hailam's Constitutional
History, says:
(C Iftheio be any truth established by the universal expe-
rience of nations, it io this, that to carry the; spmt of peace
into war, is a weak and cruel pohev. The tmi'v of negotia-
tion is the tunc foi dehb' tatiwn and delay. But when <ui
exTicme case e.Ul< for that remedy,, which i* in it-^ own in-
ture most violent, and which m such cases is a remedy only
because it is violent, it is idle to rinuk of mitigating and di-
luting. Languid war can do nothing which n<>£otiation or
submission will not do better; and to act on any orhor prin-
ciple h not to save blood and money, hut to squander
them."
To fall back upon a system of defensive meas-
ures, after all that has transpired, would encour-
age the belief in Mexico that we felt ourselves
inadequate to the prosecution of offensive meas-
ures, and in all probability would entafl1 upon the
country an interminable border war. If this sys-
tem of defence should be adopted, in accordance
with the views of the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] elevated and statesmanlike as
those views are in many respects, I must be per-
mitted to differ with him, both in his estimate of
the number of troops necessary to defend the fron-
tier from the mouth of the river to the Passo del
Norte, as well as the consequences which must re-
sult from a policy which it is certainly not offen-
sive to denominate temporizing. The distance of
the line, as I have estimated iton the map, is over
five hundred miles, to be defended by four posts,
each garrisoned with one regiment It will not be
contended that these posts can furnish mutual suc-
cor in case of attack. Their want of contiguity
must necessarily forbid the thought. Ts it to be
supposed that a garrison, consisting of a single
regiment could resist the attack of such an army
as Mexico can at any time bring into the field?
The unhappy fate of the brave defenders of the
Alamo is a sufficient answer to the question.
These posts must be abandoned at the approach
of a Mexican army, properly led, or their garri-
sons find bloody graves beneath the ruins of their
own defences. The great and vital objection which
exists to this plan is, that as it furnishes not even
the remote assurance of peace, it entails upon the
country an absolute necessity for the maintenance
of a numerous standing army—a war equipment
as strong in numbers as our present list will be
when filled by the additional ten regiments just
provided for. This is inevitable, from the fact
that we must necessarily keep a sufficient force in
our southern division to meet any emergency that
may arise, to concentrate at any required point for
the repulsion of an army, which may at any mo-
ment become an army of invasion. How long this
state of things would continue, human foresight
must vainly endeavor to predict.
But, in addition to this, it devolves upon the
inhabitants of Texas and the entire frontier, the
necessity of a military organization, as strict and
vigilant as though the enemy was continually
hand. It will drive back the frontier, and medefe
desolate the exposed settlements, where the inhabt- *
tants must become the prey of- innumerable bands
of murderers and marauding rancheros, to whom
such a state of warfare would be the very spring of
existence. In addition to all this, it would require
us to keep up extensive depots of provision, and
all the necessary equipments of war requisite for
an army marching to give battle in an enemy's
country. In the event of a successful attack upon
one or more of these fortified posts, and indeed in
every movement of our forces under such a state
of tilings, all would depend upon celerity. Not a
day, not an hour could be spared from the quick
and sudden march. It would become a war .of
continual forays, with all the advantages on the
side of the enemy, whose half-savage, vagrant, and
itinerant people, would find ample field to gratify
their urisated and insatiable love of rapine and
blood in the indiscriminate plunder and slaughter
of families and neighborhoods.
There is still a most fatal objection to the pro-
posed plan, in my mind. To "levy and collect the
imposts from customs as contemplated, it would
be actually necessary to maintain garrisons at the
various posts along the Gulf of Mexico, sufficient-
ly strong, not only for the defence of the works
intrusted to their care, but for various offensive
operations, and more especially the prevention of
a general system of contraband, which would in-
j evitably defeat the object of revenue. Experience
I has proved that our present squadron in the Gulf
' is altogether inadequate to the purpose of blockade.
Unless we are deceived by the most gross misre-
presentations, there has been, up to this time, little
more than a nominal blockade of the single port
and harbor of Vera Cruz. I will not pretend to
estimate the naval augmentation which would be
necessary to enforce such a blockade as would put
; a stop to wholesale smuggling along the entire
i coast of Mexico on the Gulf; but I doubt very
j much if our whole naval force would not find
1 active and sufficient employment in the service,
j In addition to this, the whole plan of revenue
; from imports may be counteracted by the rcgula-
! tions of Mexico establishing such duties on im-
ported articles consumed as would amount to an
interior prohibition. And, sir, our own history
impresses a lesson which stands out in bold relief
for the admiration and imitation of mankind, and
which, as it will never be forgotten by us, may,
whenever the exigency shall require, be adopted by
others. They may, as our ancestors did with tea,
resolve neither to purchase nor to use that which
has paid a duty to us. These are the prominent
; objections which have arisen in my mind to the
; military feature in the plan of the Senator from
I South Carolina. I offer them with great diffidence,
! and without the slightest abatement of the high
! respect which I feel for his eminent endowments,
: and which for more than the third of a century
1 have made him a burnished and " a shining mark"
I in the history of his country. If my objections are
j well-grounded, any plan of mere defence and con-
i sequent inactivity is utterly inadequate to the de-
j sired end. Instead of promoting peace, such defen-
| sive measures would procrastinate the war. They
, would increase rather than diminish the effusion of
i human blood.
j Upon the score of expense, it offers to me no
i advantage; for I cannot see how we are to retain
j military possession along the banks of the Rio del
i Norte and the entire Gulf coast of Mexico with a
! less military force than would be sufficient for all
the purposes of invasion. The whole plan of the
Senator from South Carolina is resolved in three
words—armed possession and inaction. My limit-
ed reading and reflection have taught me that, in de-
termining upon a plan of military operations, it is a
fatal oversight not to consider well the probable
effect which the plan shall have upon the mind and
condition of the enemy, as well as upon the habits
and predisposition of their lives. This one oversight
in a single instance arrested in his towering career
and consigned to loneliness and death upon a bar-
ren rock, the mightiest of earth's conquerors, the
loftiest of all her princes—he who burst upon a
dazzled world with all the brightness of a new sun
in the zenith, and ''before whose deeds the achieve-
ments of Ammon's son grow pale."
