1847.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#ir
on the one hand, they are eminently calculated to
encourage the arrogance of Mexico, upon the other,
they will find no response in the bosom of the Uni-
ted States. Our people will indignantly refuse their
sanction to any such policy. The slumbering fires
of the nation will be roused at the bare thought of
humbling the proud standard of the United States
before bartarian Mexico. Nor, sir, can I partici-
pate in the sympathy which I have heard invoked
m behalf of Mexico as a sister republic. In the
first place, the wrongs she has done us, and our
citizens resident within her borders, show no very
sisterly affection on her part; and in the next, I
must confess my want of sympathy with any peo-
ple where anarchy rules in the name of liberty.
Her history is a libel upon republican government.
When human sympathy shall follow insubordina-
tion, misrule, and bloodshed, then, but not till then,
will it be properly invoked for Mexico.
I am constrained, reluctantly, before closing, to
turn to a feature which unhappily has been con-
nected with the subject of the present war. Most
sincerely do I wish that it could have been ex-
cluded. Come in what shape it may, we always
find the question of slavery productive of vexation
without the slightest resulting benefit. Whilst I
entertain the most sincere respect for the opinions
of many of my fellow-citizens on this subject,
founded, as I know them to be, upon religion and
conscience, I have never ceased to regard their ap-
pearance here as erroneous and misdirected, and, in
this instance, more misdirected than ever. Why,
sir, endeavor to kindle a flame on either side about
this matter now ? Will it not be time enough to
make laws for the territory, and to prescribe its
municipal regulations, when we possess it> Are
we not possibly subjecting ourselves to the ridicule
of the world by this display of overweaning con-
fidence in a result which may never occur? Is it
sound policy, is it true patriotism, to excite ill
blood at home, when a foreign enemy is watching
our proceedings with the ever vigilant eye of an
enemy? Is such a course calculated to bring Mex-
ico to terms, or to impress mankind with rever-
ence for republican institutions? All these seem
to me apposite questions at this time, and all, in my
view, are against the agitation which has stirred
this Chamber for the last few days, and which, it
would seem, seeks to shake the Union. I will not
stop now to debate the question on one side or the
either, for I would not hamper the energies of my
country in its hour of need like the present. The
proposition to prohibit slavery in any territory
which may be acquired, will be a fair subject of
discussion when the acquisition is perfected, and
when we are required to extend over it our terri-
torial jurisprudence. With the spirit of the re-
marks of"the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] who spoke the other day on this subject,
J heartily concur; but whilst with him I feci fully
the disagreeable effect of this question upon the
more kindly feelings, which it is our duty to
cherish, I must confess that I do not participate in
the dread of its effects to the extent expressed
by others. Whenever alluded to, the slave ques-
tion'is uniformly arrayed for the purpose of in-
timidation. One blast upon its clanging trumpet,
and instantly the gaunt and spectral form of dis- !
union, with all its fierce battalia, are conjured I
before us. Sir, the same God whose pillar of .
fire guided our ancestors through the dark night of .
the Revolution, and led them, at its close, to build |
up this most magnificent and benign Government, i
will not permit his high purposes to be thwarted !
by the vain schemings or the mad delusions of their 1
posterity. The slave question, like many other '
questions, has its difficulties; but they are far from '
insurmountable. More than once already the gal- !
lant vessel'of the Union has encountered their !
rude shock; and without even sheering to theriffht :
or the left, she has passed quietly and majestically !
on her bright and glorious pathway. Come when
it may, I fear not to meet this question, or any '
other connected with ourinstitutions. I have con- !
fidenee in Heaven, confidence in the wisdom and '
virtue of my countrymen, that assures me the evil !
will not come without the remedy. This agitation !
here is premature—so premature as to make men !
wonder why it is, and what for. Plain men think |
it will be time enough for the watchmen of the j
South to sound the alarm when danger approaches; :
time enough to talk of dismembering the Union
when the North shall violate the rights of the |
South; time enough to talk of force and disunion, '
bloodshed and civil war, when reason and wisdom,
public virtue and patriotism, have no more a home
amongst us. There can be no disunion while
these last; and wo betide the man whose foot is
first advanced in the unholy cause—that gives up
his native land to the fierce, unutterable horrors of
civil war: " It were better for him that a mili-
* stone were hanged about his neck, and that he
i were drowned in the depth of the sea." There
can be no peaceful dissolution of this Union. No,
sir? no. Go to the great basin of the West, and
among her busy and teeming millions find, if you
can, one man who will not die to preserve it; one
mother who.in its cause will not say to her son,
go, quick to this battle, and " come back in tri-
umph, or come back no more." Come what will
with others, there, fast anchored to the rock of
ages is the imperishable ark of the Union. My
mind inclines not to the gloomy piqture of our
country's destiny, which is conveyed so often
and so carelessly in those detested words—dis-
union, civil war: words which bring to mo at once
the image of a land all desolate; the idie and rusted
plough; a solitary ocean—dismasted ships rotting
by the sea-side; sacked and burning cities; dese-
crated churches; the fallen column and the broken
shaft; all the consecrated labors of industry, pa-
triotism, and genuis in ruins; the midnight fight by
the blazing village, where father strikes at son,
and brother aims the accursed steel true to the
heart of brother, yet stops his shout of triumph as
the red stream gurgles out, and calls the lightnings
of avenging Heaven to rive him, fratricide, where
he stands. This, this is a faint sketch of civil war;
and when we talk so freely of it, to familiarize the
public with it, to prepare the way for its coming,
let us not forget its deformity. Hell holds not its
twin in hideousness. But I read no such dark
leaf: rather I love to look down the bright vista of
ages, through all coming: time, and see heMree,
and happy, and peaceful millions still doubling;
her ports on the Atlantic and the Pacific sending
forth their thousand ships aday, bearing her com-
merce all over the world; her broad standard still
advancing unsullied and unchanged, save where
new and bright stars shall be shining out upon its
azure field; her Constitution ever green and vig-
orous; her council fires yet blazing here where we
stand; those pillars still upright and polished: that
portrait still there, and none other above or beside
it; and to think, as I try to read the far distant fu-
ture, that there shall be no last defender of the
American republic, no "lion of our tribe,M till
" the Son of man comefh in the clouds."*'
Mr. NILES rose for the purpose of addressing
the Senate, but save way to
Mr. CALHOUN, who moved that this bill be
passed by for the present, and that the resolutions
submitted by him be now taken up.
Mr. SEVIER observed that he had given no-
tice a few days since that he was exceedingly desi-
rous to have a vote taken upon this bill. He was
aware that there were two or three gentlemen who
desired to address the Senate upon it, and he also
desired to make a few observations. He was wil-
ling to yield, however, to any one who would now
proceed to speak; for, of course, he would be glad
to hear all that gentlemen might be desirous to say.
But he wished the Senate to understand, that be-
fore they adjourned to-morrow, no matter who
might have spoken or who might not, he would
insist upon a vote being taken upon the bill.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked, that if the honora-
ble Senator from Massachusetts was not desirous
of being heard to-day upon the subject of the reso-
lutions, he would not call, them up; hut if he were
desirous of doing so, he would feel it his duty to
insist upon the resolutions being taken up in ac-
cordance with the arrangement which was made
yesterday. He would be governed altogether by
the wishes of the Senator.
Mr. R. JOHNSON said the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts did not wish to address the Senate to-
day.
Mr. WEBSTER said he did not desire that the
Senator from South Carolina should be governed
at all by his wishes. If he were not himself dis-
posed to bnng up the resolutions at this time, he
did not wish that it should be done on his account.
Mr. BADGER said it was exceedingly impor-
tant that they should have an executive session.
Mr. CALHOUN. I understand the Senator
from Massachusetts as not being: desirous of pro-
ceeding with his remarks?
Mr. WEBSTER assented.
Mr. BADGER said he certainly thought that ho'
gentleman could well be expected to address the
Senate at this late hour, for two reasons:.in the
first place, he could scarcely do himself justice.;
and, in the next place, there was a great deal of
necessary business remaining to be done, and som#
important matters belonging to executive session.
Mr. SEVIER again expressed the hope that this
bill would now be proceeded with, or that the vote
would be taken on the amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, after stating the
pending question, was proceeding to put the ques-
tion upon the amendment offered by the Senator
from Michigan; when
Mr. NILES rose and said that he asked no cour-
tesy from this body by way of delay. What he
had to say upon this bill, he could say as well at
this time as at any other. He required no prepa-
ration.
Mr. MANGUM said, if the Senator would give
way, he would move that the bill be passed by in-
formally.
Mr. NILES assenting—
The question was taken upon this motion, and
it was ageed to upon a division: Ayes 27, noes not
counted.
Mr. BADGER renewed his motion for an ex-
ecutive session. It did not prevail, however.
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BTLL.
Mr. SEVIER said, the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill had been laid on the table, on his
motion; he therefore now moved to take it up
again.
The motion was agreed to.
Several amendments were agreed to; among
which was one to complete the repairs of Pennsyl-
vania Avenue to the Capitol; one making an ap-
propriation of $2,000 for the employment of the
meteorologist, now in the service of the Govern-
ment; one making compensation to Mr. Parker,
interpreter to the Chinese mission for services
which he had rendered; one allowing additional
compensation of $80U to each of certain district
judges of Missouri, Louisiana, Arkansas, &c., for
the discharge of certain duties imposed upon them
by act of Congress; one making an appropriation
of $2,200 for the repair of the Potomac bridge; and
one making an appropriation for the purchase of a
bridge over the Eastern Branch of the Potomac,
for the purpose of making it free.
Several amendments were rejected, among which
was one by Mr. R. Johnson to allow firewood and
one ration per diem to the midshipmen at the An-
napolis naval school; one by Mr. Yulee to appro-
priate §8,000 for the payment of certain arrearages
of legislative and executive expenses of the Ter-
ritory of Florida; one by Mr. Cameron to appro-
priate $50,000 for the construction of a marine
hospital at Pittsburg; one by Mr. Fairfield to
issue a register for the barque Canton; one allow-
ing an outfit to Mr. Middleton, who, as secretary
of legation at Spain, had discharged the duties of
charge des affaires during the absence of the Min-
ister; and several others, offered by Mr. Wood-
bridge, Mr. Pearce, and Mr. Dix.
The Senate adjourned at a late hour, pending a
long discussion on an amendment, offered by Mr.
Rusk, to pay to Texas $70,000 for goods taken
from a custom-house in Texas by certain Ameri-
can citizens.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frid\y, February 26, 1847.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, by leave, presented
certain resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of Indiana, relating to sundry subjects, viz:
To the improvement of the mail communication
between Toledo, Ohio, via the Wabash valley, to
New Orleans; the claim of Francis Vigo; the
holding a session of the Supreme Court of the
United States west of the Alleghanymountains; to
preemptions on the Miami national reservation in
the State of Indiana; to public lands in the county
of Gibson; to the Indiana hospital for the insane,
the institution for the education of the blind, and
the asylum for the deaf and dumb; to the exten-
sion of the Wabash and Erie canal from the mouth
of Tippecanoe river to Terre Haute; to the Buffalo
and Mississippi railroad; for the reduction of the
price of public lands to actual settlers; on the sub-
