518
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
jeet of postage; relative to granting land to ]VTr.
Whitney to construct a railroad from Lake Michi-
gan to the Pacific ocean; on the subject of increas-
ing the monthly pay of, and granting lands to, the
volunteers in the Mexican war; and relative to the
sale of intoxicating liquors by white men to the
Indians; which resolutions were laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUNK, by leave, presented a resolution of
the Legislature of New Jersey, relative to the ex-
tension of slavery in any territory which may be
annexed to the United States; which was laid upon
the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole for the
purpose of taking up the bill to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to increase the naval
establishment of the United States. Disagreed to.
Mr. C. J. JNGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, to which was referred the bill
to regulate the diplomatic intercourse of the Uni-
ted States, reported an amendatory bill; which
was committed.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which was referred the amendments of
the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the naval service of the United States for the year
A ending the 30th of June, 1848, reported that the
committee had agreed to some of said amendments,
and disagreed to others. The bill, with the amend-
ments, was then committed.
- Mr. SEAMAN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the private
calendar.
Mr. MORRIS rose to a privileged question, and
called up the motion he made several days since
to reconsider the vote by which the bill to amend
the acts concerning the penitentiary in the District
of Columbia was laid on^he table.
The question being put on reconsidering, it was
rejected.
Mr. Seaman's motion to go into Committee of
the Whole was then put and rejected.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the Senate bill for the relief
of Susan E. Gordon, and the Senate resolution for
the benefit of John Devlin, reported the same with-
out amendment; which bill and resolution were
committed.
Mr. G., from the same committee, to which was
referred the Senate bill for the settlement of the
claim of John R. Williams, reported the same with-
out amendment, with a recommendation that it do
not pass; which bill was laid on the table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill for the relief of
Charles M. Gibson, reported the same without
amendment; which was committed.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS (by leave) introduced
a joint resolution for the relief of Thomas B. Win-
ston, a notary public of the State of Mississippi;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, to which was refetred the fol-
lowing Senate bills:—for the relief of William G.
Davis and Mary Ann, his wife; to authoiize the
payment of a sum of money to Robert Purkis,
and for the relief of John Bionson,—repoited the
same seveially without amendment. Said bills
were then committed.
Mr. THOMASSON, from the Committee on
the Post Olfice and Post Roads, to which was re-
ferred the Senate bill for the relief of Joseph F.
Caldwell, reported the same without amendment.
Com mitted.
Mr. McCLERNAND (by leave) presented cer-
tain resolutions from the Legislature of the State
of Illinois, m&tiuuing the Senators and requesting
the Representatives from the said State in Congiess >
to vote for any proposition, constitutional and j
practicable, for raising men and money to carry on !
the war with Mexico: which resolutions were laid 1
upon the table, and ordered to be printed. J
Mr. L1GON, from the Committee of Claims, I
to which was referred the Senate bill to authorize ;
the settlement of the account of Joseph Nourse, 1
deceased, reported the same without amendment.
Committed.
NAVY PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved .
itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Cobb 1
in the chair,) and proceeded to consider the bill!
making appropriations for the payment of navy
pensions for the year ending June 30, 1848.
Mr. D. P. KING moved the following amend-
ment: "For the payment of invalid pensioners,
heretofore paid from the privateer pension fund,
for the years 1847 and 1848, §8,000."
Mr. K. supported his amendment in a very few
earnest remarks.
Mr. McK^Y replied to Mr. King.
Mr. HAMLIN made a remark, and said he
would vote for the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to: Ayes 65, noes 70.
Mr. STANTON moved the following amend-
ment:
" Beit further enacted, That the provisions of the act of
18<15, chaptoi 41, entitled 'An act renewing certain naval
pensions for the term of five years,' be and the same are
hereby extended to alt pensions of similar kind, whether the
same expired *or shall expiie before oi after the passage of
this act."
Mr. McKAY rose to a question of order, and
inquired if the amendment was in order. ^ j
The CHAIR decided the amendment in order. *:
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.GRIDER moved the following amendment:
«' Be it further enacted, That the act of Congress;, passed
July 7,1838, entitled 'An act granting half-pay and pensions
to certain widows,' and the several acts and resolutions
amendatory or explanatory thereof, be, and the same are
hereby amended, so that any widow who shall have been mar-
ried previous to the fh#>t day of January, in the year 1800, shall
be entitled to and shall receive such annuity or pensions a3
by the provisions of said acts and resolutions hereby amend-
ed she would now be entitled to receive had she been mar-
ried prior to the first day of January, in the year 1794."
The CHAIR decided the amendment out of
order.
Mr. HAMLIN" moved the following amend-
ment: " For the payment of privateer pensions
pledged by the Government by act of June 26,
1812T $3,000." Disagreed to: Ayes 66. noes 69.
The bill was laid aside to be reported.
REORGANIZATION OF INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the better organization of the department
of Indian Affairs," and " An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontiers," approved June 30,
1834, and for other purposes, was taken up.
The bill was being read tlnough by sections;
when—
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to amend
section five, by inserting after the word therein,"
the following: "Or, with the consent of the tribe,
be applied to such purposes as will best promote
the happiness and prosperity of the members
thereof." Agreed to.
Mr. T. also moved to add, after the words " Sec-
retary of War," in the eleventh line, section five,
the following: " Not inconsistent with existing
treaty stipulations." Agreed to.
Mr. T. also moved as new sections the follow-
ing; which were agreed to:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for flic pmchase of pies-
er.ls for the Cainanehe and other Indians of Texas and the
southwestern prames, piomised them in I£-16, and tm the
t-anu: obiect the present year, the Mini of $20,000 : Provided,
That so' much of this amount, not exceeding one-half, as
may I)-; found necessary, oil a proper settlement of the ac-
count ot Meesis. Teriey & Broiheis be paid to them for
pie-:enls which thev advanced in the year 1846, the War
Department not having the authority to furnish thorn.
«J}nA he, il further 'cnarled, That for compensation of a
special asrent and two intei preters tor one vear to enable the
War Dcpaitment to keep up Mich a communication with the
said Indians as may be necessary towards the prpseivation
ofasood understanding with them, and securing peace on
the frontieis, the sum of .$3,650."
The bill was then laid aside.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved to take up the Senate
bill authorizing the purchase of the papers of Alex-
ander Hamilton. Disagreed to.
The committee then rose, and reported the two
above bills that they had had under consideration.
The bill making appropriations for the payment
of navy pensions was taken up, and the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole concuned in,
and the bill passed.
i The bill to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
J vide for the better organization of the Department
I of Indian Affairs," and "An act to regulate trade
; and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
, serve peace on the frontier," &c., was next taken
j up, and the amendments of the Committee of the
| Whole concurred in; and the bill passed,
i Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the Senate bill ma-
king provision for an additional number of general
officers, and for other purposes, reported the same
with amendments.
[The amendments to the first section provide that
the number of brigadier generals to be appointed
shall not exceed " three," and the number of major
generals not to exceed "two,"and that each bri-
gade shall consist of not less than ki three," instead
of two regiments.
A new section is then proposed, to come in be-
tween the first and second sections of the bill, as
section two, in the following words:
« And. be it further enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be'and he is hereby authonzed and empowered,
at his discretion, to designate and appoint any general offi-
cer of the rank of major general, whether of the line or by
brevet, and whether of the regular army or of volunteers,
who may be m the service of the United States, without
reeard to* date of commission, to the chief command of the
military foiee of the United States during the continuance
of the existing war with Mexico: Provided, That the officer
so designated and assigned •shall cease to exercise the duties
and powers of general-in-chief as aforesaid upon the con-
clusion and ratification of a treaty of peace with Mexico."
Another proposition is to add to section five the
following:
"And that the president lie and lie is hereby finther
authorized to till, by regular promotion, or cause elections
to be held, to fill vacancies of icgimental or company offi-
cers, occasioned by death or resignation, or other cause, in
the several volunteer regiments or corps now in the seivice
of the United States in Mexico, or which may be received
during the existing war with Mexico, and to commission the
officers for the same."
And two other amendments are reported from
the committee as follows:
In section seven, strike out the words: "That the fifth
section of the act entitled 'An act to raise for a limited
time an additional military force, and for other purposes,'
approved February 11, 1847, shall only apply to the officers,
musicians, and privates provided for the ten regiments by
the first section of said act;" and at the end of the said sec-
tion. add: " Whose term "hall expire as provided in the
fifth section of the act of lltli of Februaty, 1847."
At the end of section sixteen add: "To be dis-
banded at the close of the war."]
Mr. BOYD asked that the bill and amendments
be considered at this time, as there was no appro-
priation involved.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved to commit the
bill and amendments' to the Committee of the
Whole on the state ofthe Union.
Mr. BOYD said that he hoped the motion would
not prevail, as it would very much endanger the
passage of the bill.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved the previous question.
After some inquiries and suggestions by Messrs.
CARROLL, G. DAVIS, and ASHMUJN", the pre-
vious question was seconded.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS asked the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question, andthey were
ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN said, as the bill authorized the
appointment of a lieutenant general, he moved to
lay it on the table.
'The motion to lay the bill on the table was de-
I citlcd in the negative—Yeas 71, nays 106.
j The question was then taken on ordering the
j main question to he put, and passed in the affirma-
tive—Yeas 102, nays 70.
! The main question being ordered, the question
! was stated on agreeing to the amendments reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ROYD rose and said, as there was a mani-
fest desire to discuss the bill, he would propose
that, by general consent, the proceedings on the
previous question be reconsidered, and that the bill
be committed to a Committee of the Whole for the
! purpose of debate until half-past two o'clock,
j The suggestion being assented to, the bill was
I committed.
Mr. BOYD then moved the usual resolution to
i close the debate in Committee of the Whole on the
' bill at half after two o'clock this (lay. Agreed to.
I An arrangement was entered into, by which no
j member should speak more then twenty minutes
1 in committee.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
ofthe Whole, (Mr. Bigss in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider the said bill and amendments.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS addressed the Chair.
This (said he) is another measure to increase
! Executive power. The bill and amendments au-
i thorizo the President to appoint two additional
' major generals and three brigadier generals, and to
select any major general to take the command in
chief of the American armies. The thrice-rejected
