1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lieutenant general is thus brought up in another
form and with another name. The war upon Scott
and Taylor by Mr. Polk and his friends is cease-
less and unsparing; and it is brought up again
actively in the hails of Congress under new au-
spices,and the power which the ten additional regi-
ments to the regular army have given the President
in the appointment of three or four hundred offi-
cers. That project was early in the session rejected
by this House without a division, and some weeks
afterwards by a majority of thirty; and if it is to
succeed, it will be by the corrupt use of Presiden-
tial patronage. Thatis*the influence which now
reigns and rules. Controlled' by it, the majority
go on systematically adding to Executive power,
whilst they are all the while proclaiming them-
selves the only Democrats of the country. In sober
truth, the President is fast becoming a monarch.
But, Mr. Chairman, at the close of a speech
which I made early in the present session, I said,
lt I had a wish to say something upon the conduct
• of the Executive in relation to those conquered
' countries, but I will avail myself of some other
4 opportunity. I will then assume, and I think
'maintain, that our President has no power hut
' what is expressly conferred on him by the Consti-
1 tution, or the laws of Congress made under it;
• that he derives no powers whatever from national
4 law, and that the principles of that code are only
'so far applicable to him as they adhere to the
' express powers granted by the Constitution or
' laws; that the terms 4'sovereign" and<cconqueror
' as used in the international code, are wholly in-
• applicable to him, either as President or as com-
' mander-m-chief of our armies; that, in the con-
' duct of our wars, he is merely our first military
• and naval commander, and can exercise no pow-
' ers or functions but what are appropriate to such
'officers; that he has no right by himself Or his
'deputies to set up permanent or temporary civil
f governments in conquered countries; but merely
1 to hold military possession of them, including only
' the success and the security of his own command,
'and the putting down ofresistance in the conquered
'country; and that this latter being effected, the
' peaceable people are to be left in the quiet minis-
' tration of their own municipal laws." I will
now (said Mr. D.) proceed to redeem, as far as I
can, this pledge. The Government of the United
States is not founded upon the principle of plenary
powers, or even of such an entirety, subject to
limitations and exceptions specifically set forth;
its great self-evident truth is, that it comprehends
only such powers as are established expressly by
the Constitution, or as result from them by proper
and necessary implication. Another principle, sec-
ond in importance only to the one stated, is, that
all those powers are vested by appropriate language
in the department or officer by which they are to
be put in execution, and that none other can prop-
erly assume or exercise them. These two proposi-
tions are received without dissent as axiomatic
truths in our system.
In all Governments organized upon the estab-
lishment of fundamental principles, and the dis-
tribution of'its powers among different branches
of magistracy, new questions will be continually
arising in the course of its administration. The
United States, being engaged in a war of conquest
against Mexico, occupy a position altogether novel
to them; and their arms having subjugated and
now holding extensive portions of the Mexican
territory, untried and important questions as to
the existence and extent of certain powers, and to
what department or officers they are confided by
the Constitution, come up necessarily.
It is superfluous to say that there is no Execu-
tive power in the Government of the United States
beyond what the Constitution creates; but it is not
so obvious, though not less true, that there is none
created which is not expressly named in that instru-
ment, or that is not organized by Congress under its
direction and authority. The executive power,
thus established, is vested in the President, and he
has none beside. It is not the executive power of
Russia, or of England, or a vague and indefinite
executive power, but that only which is defined and
ordained by our own Constitution. AH the execu-
tive power of our Government is vested by general
Avords in the President exclusively, unless by spe-
cific terms it be conferred upon some other func-
tionary solely, or in conjunction with him. None
of the higher sovereign powers are intrusted to him
separately, and only two of any grade—the power
of pardon, except in cases of impeachment, and to
receive ambassadors and other public ministers.
The higher powers of war, of peace, of appointing
to office, are withdrawn from the executive class
and vested specially in the President and other
functionaries of the Government. The well-school-
ed founders of our system had but recently come
out of along life-and-death struggle with the one-
man power; and they have manifested a wise dis-
trust of that monarchical principle in the organiza-
tion of the* executive branch of the Government.
As a further evidence of it, no implied powers
whatever are vested in the President; and, if auxil-
iary powers are required for the convenient execu-
tion of those which are expressed, they are to be
organized bv Congress, and can only exist or op-
erate by authority of laxo under the Constitution.
Congress shall have power—
" To make all lairs which shall be necessary and proper for
cairving into execution the foiegoing powers, and all other
powers vested by tins Constitution m the Government of the
United States, or in any department ot officer thereof.-'
Every implied Executive powert or of any other
character, and pertaining in any manner to the
Government or of any of its officers, must pass
through the Congressional crucible before it can
have form and existence. It was impossible to
enumerate all the powers of Government in the
Constitution, and many of the inferior class had to
be left to implication. They were guarded by the
requirement that they should be " necessary and
proper,' to carry into execution the enumerated
powers. But even this did not satisfy the enlight-
ened and distrustful forecast of the wise men of
the school of 1776; they had a clear view of the
abuse and dangers to which implied powers were
subject,and they confided the structure and annun-
ciation of all of them to the discretion only of the
Representatives of the people .and the States.
They were too wise and too sincerely devoted to
liberty to risk them with a single executive magis-
trate. The security of the President is, that he is
associated with Congress in the business of ma-
king all laws, and it requires two-thirds of both
Houses to overrule his dissent to any winch they
may pass.
The Constitution explicitly vests the whole war
power of the Government in Congress; and it
makes the President commander-in-chief of the
army and navy of the United States. The old
Articles of Confederation provided that the " Uni-
' ted States, in Congress assembled, shall have the
' sole and exclusive right and power of determining;
' on peace and war." The power of the old Con-
gress, and the Congress under the present Consti-
tution, over the subject of war, except in the point
of its termination by treaty, is the same; in both
bodies it is full and complete. In each the power
to make war is uncontrolled, and by necessary
consequence it was the right and duty of one, and
is of the other, to judge of the causes of war, to
determine against whom it shall be made, to fix
the objects and ends to which it shall be waged,
and to resolve when it shall terminate. All these
faculties are not merely consequential to thesover-
eign war-making power; they are modes of its ex-
ercise without which the power, in jts unity and j
plenitude, as it is conferred by the Constitution i
upon Congress, could not exist. The Continental
Congress exercised the war power in all its forms
and details; and the existing Congress has the same
fulness of jurisdiction over the subject, because it
was intended to be, and was in fact given to both
withoutcondition or limitation. It is the option of
Congress to grant or withhold appropriations to
carry on any war; to decide how and what sums i
shall be appropriated; what number and descrip- j
tion of forces shall be appropriated; what number j
and description of forces shall be raised; whether j
operations shall be by sea or land; if by sea, what j
sort of ships shall be used; into what regions of j
country the war shall he carried; whether it shall ;
be offensive or defensive, and whether conquests ;
shall be held or evacuated by our army. All such '
matters were acted upon and determined by the old 1
Congress, and they come no less within the sweep |
of authority of the existing Congress, because it \
has not less of power over the subject of war in !
making and waging it. The only distinctions be- \
tween the two bodies are, that the Continental
Congress could end a war by treaty, and appoint
its own commander-in-chief and subordinate offi-
cers; the present Congress has no part in the for-
mation of treaties, and the Constitution appoints
its commander-in-chief, and the President and Sen-
ate, or head j>f the War Department, all inferior
officers. The parallel holds upon every other
point.
In relation to war and military affairs, Congress
may legislate at will within the limits of the Cotir
stitution and the principles and usages established
by civilized nations; and it has exercised this pow-
er by the enactment of the code called the army
regulations. Some of its provisions embrace the
President as commander-in-chief, and he is just as
fair a subject and just as subordinate to the mili-
tary legislation of Congress, where it is applied to
him, as in his character of President he is to its
civil" legislation. He has no immunity in either
office. In England the King can dono wrong,and
is above all law; in this blessed country the Presi-
dent is above none, and he, alike with the hum-
blest laborer or foot soldier, must submit to its
supremacy. **
But the Constitution having appointed the Presi'
dent commander-in-chief of the army and navy of
the United States, what are his powers and duties
in that capacity? Precisely the same that attached
to that officer under the old Confederation: not a
particle larger than if he were now any other indi-
vidual and appointed by the President and the
Senate, or elected by Congress. The extent of the
powers of a commander-in-chief in no kind or de-
gree depend upon the manner of his appointment,
and that the Constitution devolves this office on the
President does not, cannot enlarge its authority.
He cannot, constitutionally at least, make war; he
cannot raise, appoint, or supply armies, or build
or put ships in commissien; he is merely 'our first
military and naval commander, and as such the en-
tire aggregate of his authority is to direct and con-
trol the operations of the army and navy, fie is
the mere agent of Congress in its exercise of the
sovereign war power of the nation; not appointed
or removable by it, but wholly subordinate to it.
He owes implicit obedience to all forms, rules, and
restrictions, which it may by law prescribe for his
government, and his defence is in the possession
of the veto power as'President.
Whilst all would admit that to claim to indicate
the objects or control the continuance of wars, in
virtue merely of the office of highest commander,
would be a solecism, yet these functions may be
attempted to be deduced to the President from his
being a branch of the treaty-making power, as a
treaty would necessarily, tacitly or expressly, em-
brace the objects, and put an end to the war, which
must ordinarily continue without a treaty. The
Senate is a coordinate branch with the President
of the treaty-making power, so that, if to deter-
mine to what ends a war should be waged, and
when -it shall be concluded, result necessarily to
the treaty-making power, those rights would attach
conjointly to the President and the Senate, and not
to him separately. Bat they do not properly rest
in the treaty-making power; they are rightfully
and necessarily an appendage to the war power.
The two powers in our Government were not sep-
arated with the purpose of restricting Congress, on
any point, in the exercise of the war power; but
because of the greater convenience, secrecy and
despatch that would be introduced in the business
of negotiation by authorizing the President to con-
duct. our foreign affairs and make treaties, subject
to the rejection and approval of two-thirds of the
Senate. ■•The objects of Congress in making and
j continuing a war are generally so well known that
I the President and the Senate need not to be expli-
citly advertised of them for their instruction in ne-
gotiating a trealy. Both the President and the
Senate, being components of the war power, and
there having been heretofore so much of confidence
between them and the House, Congress hps, and
no doubt will, in all but extraordinary cases, tacit-
ly yield to the treaty-making power the decision
of the questions, to what ends the war shall con-
tinue to he waged, and when it shall he concluded.
But Congress unquestionably has the right, as the
war-making power, to declare its own will and
judgment upon these points. It would require a
strong case to render such an annunciation proper;
but, when made, it would be the duty of the treaty-
making power to conform to it. Many may dis-
sent from the last general position; but the intelli-
gent and candid, whilst contending that the treaty
power, by possessing the function to terminate
war, must consequently have the right to pass
upon the objects for which it is waged, would cort-
