522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
To deduce any power to the President or any other
functionary from any other source, is the greatest
and most dangerous of all absurdities. He, or
Congress, or any person under them, whether act-
ing in or out of the United States, receive all legal
vitality from it; and if a warrant cannot be there
found for the act, it is against the fundamental law
and void. No code or law finds any place in our
system, unless it be adopted by the Constitution,
and then only to such extent as it is clearly intro-
duced by it, or by Congress acting under it. The
entire legislative power of the Government is cre-
ated^by the Constitution, and by it vested exclu-
sively in Congress; and no legislative act can be
legitimately done in the name of the CJnited States,
within or without their limits, but by the authority
of Congress. This is the fixed principle of our
wiitten fundamental law. Even the legislation of
the King of England, in virtue of royal preroga-
tive in a conquered country, cannot have effect
against the unwritten fundamental law of the realm.
And shall ours, which the people have declared to
be supreme, be broken down by the fugacious
usurpations of James K. Polk? He has not a
semblance of authority to do or to authorize any
act of a legislative character in New Mexico or
California, any more than in the rightful territory
of the United States. If he had deemed any regu-
lations of the kind necessary or useful in the pros-
ecution of the war, there was properly but one
course for him to take—to refer the matter to Con-
gress; and if it could not rightfully act upon the
subject, there is no other power that can.
It has been shown, that after war is declared, so
far as Mr. Polk can act, it is as commander-in-
chief, and not as President; that in the latter char-
acter he could not interpose until Congress had
passed some law in relation to the war which re-
quired his agency in us execution; and that his
office of commander-in-chief was purely military,
without a figment of civil power. If it combine
any civil authority, it must be conferred; and how
and by what? It is not imported by the language
used m creating the office, and there is no other
passage in the Constitution bearing upon it. The
l<uvs of Congress might unite some civil powers
with it; but no law authorizes him to do, or to
order to be done, what his deputy military law-
givers have enacted in New Mexico and Califor-
nia.
Mr. Polk had a right to send Taylor, Kearny,
and Stockton upon their several expeditions with
general- discretion, or with special orders and re-
stricted powers. In either state of the case, they
would be acting under and representing him; but
in the fiist, each of them would have possessed all
the military authority, and could have done every
act, to winch Mr. Polk himself would have been
competent, hud he been personally at the head of
the expedition. In the execution of geneial orders
and powers, Kearny and Stockton might have
legislated to the same extent, and in precisely in
such forms as they have under more particular in-
structions. They would have had full military
power appropriate to their several expeditions, and
Mr. Polk could not possibly have possessed more,
or by any form of orders have delegated more to
them. What were their duties and competency
in their respective positions, or Mr. Polk's, had
he been there in pcisori ? To perform every act of
a wise and effective military and naval commander,
and not one in addition; to meet and subdue the
forces of Mexico wherever they appeared; to keep
down all military movements or attempts to resist
the American arms; to break up the political or-
ganization of those countries, and to cut off their
connexion for the time with the Central Govern-
ment; to prevent the Mexican armies and authori-
ties from drawing any assistance whatever from
them; and to keep the inhabitants quiet and in a
state of complete subjection to our military and
naval forces. This would have been military oc-
cupation of the country in its fullest sense, and
beyond it neither Mr. Polk's military praetors nor
himself had any warrant or power to advance.
Will Mr. Polk himself contend that he, military
officer exclusively in this matter, has any right to
take and hold any other than a military possession
of those countries? He admits m his special mes-
sage that his occupation is temporary, but he does
not, nor could he contend, without mockery, that
it is merely milifirry. Can there be no occupation
of those countries but what is military? If there
can be, what would be civil occupation? To in-
stitute the fundamental law of a complex and com-
plete form of government, to create all manner of
legislative, executive, judicial, and ministerial offi-
cers, to appoint and install the officers into their
respective places, and to establish their fees, pay,
and salaries, to lay taxes, and make sundry inter-
nal regulations, and to compilc and enact an exten-
sive civil code of laws applicable to all the diversi-
fied transactions, interests, property, and rights of
the inhabitants, is a pretty complete civil occupa-
tion of New Mexico, and it is that which Mr.
Polk has authorized and ordered "upon his own
hook." That is all the civil occupation of which
any country is capable, and much more perfect
than this ever before had. But why did not Gen-
eral Taylor organize similar political, civil, and
legal institutions in Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and
New Leon ? He holds military possession of those
provinces without such aids. He was at liberty
to resort to them; for the same orders under which
General Kearny acted were given to him, but in a
discretionary and not a mandatory form; another
proof that Mr. Polk, for himself, for Congress,
and for the United States, had determined fully
that the acquisition of New Mexico and Califor-
nia should be introduced as additional objects of
the war, that it should be waged to their perma-
nent acquisition.
But the officers by whose agency Mr. Polk per-
petrated these extravagant enormities were his
subordinates, and acted under his commands,'and
are therefore not culpable. It is true that under
general orders they would have as much warrant
as they could have under the most specific; and if
acting under orders in no way pointing to such
acts, they nevertheless had proceeded to lay the
foundations of States of this Union in those sub-
jugated Mexican provinces, to occupy in them the
whole field of human legislation, and to attach
them preliminarily and informally to the United
States, the annunciation of such startling facts
would have struck Mr. Polk himselfand the Amer-
ican people as with a galvanic shock. Yet in that
mode the whole thing would have been just as
legitimate and constitutional as it now is. It is
the very acme of Executive arrogance and usurp-
ation. If, in addition to his own proper powers,
Mr. Polk had combined in himself ail that Congress
possesses over the subject, and had put the aggre-
gated mass to the utmost in execution, he would
have fallen short of the achievements of his sa-
traps, actingunderhi3orders and approbation. The
case did not admit, the most absolute despot of Eu-
rope could not possibly have gone into, a larger
exercise of legislative and civil powers; and every
act he could have done would have been the appen-
: dages of his sovereignty. Who or what made James
i K. Polk a sovereign, and invested him with such
j high royal prerogatives? Our President is learn-
| ing fast enough to king it for us. The war power
i is with jealous forecast withheld from him, and
| given to the Representatives of the people and the
I States: yet he takes it upon himself to make this
I war whilst Congress is in session, and will not
] deign to consult it.
| To decide the ends to which such a war shall be
j waged belongs properly to Congress, as the war-
, making power; but Mr. Polk's position is to de-
I terminc them himself to the exclusion of Congress,
! and to continue it until they are won in the battle-
i field. To grant or to withhold supplies to cairy
1 on a war was refused t> the President, but given
1 to the Representatives of the people and the States,
1 to hold him in check, and, when it was proper, to
. enable them to terminate the desolations of war.
But Mr. Polk tells Congress that they have no op-
! tion but to grant him such supplies as he requires
to conduct this his own war. He has no right to
, make a civil legulation in a conquered country;
i yet he excludes Congress, the only proper author-
l ity, and seizes and exercises legislative powers in
l every form which the wit of man has devised in
i California and New Mexico. He is here the great
1 fountain of honors and patronage, and, as such, is
; increasing much more rapidly than the spread and
| the growth of the Confederacy. Men look to him
i to give them money, and place, and position; they
; regard l)im as the arbiter of their destiny, and they
! fawn and crawl around him, as the denominated
. slaves of Europe do about its thrones. Our Presi-
; dent wants but a name and a crown to be, too, a
; chartered monarch. Will the American people
j never open their eyes to the dangers which enviion
J them ? Is the day of accountability and retribution
never to come ? Is there not enough of virtue and
intelligence in the country to regenerate the Gov-
ernment, to purify its administration, to lop off
Presidential usurpations, to bring back the Consti-
tution to " its pure and original principles?"
Mr. BRINKERHOFF said, it is not my inten-
tion to reply to the abstractions of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. G. Davis,] for the simple
reason that I cannot, for the life of me, understand
or conceive the application they have upon the
question now under consideration, which I under-
stand to be raised by the amendment to the bill of
the Senate, proposed by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. I voted for that amendment in that
committee, and I shall vote for it in the House. I
believe the good of the service requires it, that
justice to the Executive requires it, and that no
principle which ought to have weight upon our
action here foibids it.
What is the proposition contained in that amend-
ment? Simply to permit the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States, from the number of major generals in
the army, by brevet or otherwise, to select, at his
option, a commander-in-chief to serve during the
existing war with Mexico, and then be discharged
from the position as such commander-in-chief,
without reference to the present rank of the major
generals among each other, The President, sir,
the committee will perceive, already possesses that
power indirectly. He may designate any one of
these major generals, by brevet or otherwise, to
act as commander-in-chief of our army in the field
in Mexico. But, in order to do so, he must with-
draw from the service those who now outrank him.
For instance, should he select General Taylor to
act as commander-in-chief, General Scott, who
now outranks him, must be called home; and so
throughout with the others. Now, sir, I am in
favor of giving the President this power; and
why? The President of the United States, as
the Executive power of this Government, is re-
sponsible—not for furnishing men and money,
but for the use of the men and money for the pros-
ecution of this war, with which we have intrusted
him; and no one will be more ready and swift to
hold him to that responsibility than will th^ gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and the others with whom
he act3 upon that side of the House. Of this
readiness and swiftness on their part to hold him
to that just responsibility I do not complain; but
when they are thus ready and swift to hold him to
that responsibility, I am willing, justice requires,
and the voice of the people will require, that we
place in his hands the power to wield that respon-
sibility for the successful prosecution of the war,
and m the manner which his judgment dictates,
without being trammeled unnecessarily.
Considering this an abstract proposition, with-
out refeience to the peculiar situation of ouraffairs,
it would be just, and commends itself to the calm
and unbiased mind of this or any other country.
But it is not to be denied, it ought not to be con-
cealed, that there are other and peculiar circum-
stnnces which make it peculiarly proper that this
Congress should invest the President with the
powers now asked. What are they? It is a no-
torious fact, a fact with which the public journals
of the country are rife, that no less than two of the
major generals of the army in service are either
by their own acts, or by those of their friends, can-
didates for the Presidency.
[A voice ; " Do you want to make another >"]
No, sir, (said Mr. B.;) I do not want to make
another. I deny it.
Mr. B. continued. No less than two of them
are now notoriously candidates for the Presidency,
and both of them are opposed politically,and strong
partisans in fact, to the dominant party. Now, if
I were a Whig 
Mr. G. DAVIS interposed, and inquired if the
gentleman would state what are the politics of
General Taylor?
Mr. B. I have heard members on this floor of
the Whig party designate him as their candidate
for the Presidency, and I consider that as pretty
good evidence of what his politics are.
Mr. DAVIS was about to make some further
remarks, but—
Mr. B. declined further to yield, as he had an-
swered the gentleman's question.
I| Mr. B. was going on to state, when interrupted
|i by the gentleman from Kentucky, if I were a Whig,
!i which by-the-by some of my Democratic friends
H have seen proper to charge me with, bccause I did
