1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not think proper to change long-cherished opinions
at the bidding of self-constituted organs—if I were
a Whig, I shouki consider it would be unfair, un-
just to the Executive of this nation, to make by
force, without allowing him the exercise of any
discretion, his own rivals and opponents his agents
in the prosecution and conduct of this war. It
would be unjust. It is no more than just to any
Executive functionary to give him the selection of
his own agents, or at least to give him the selection
of agents friendly to the object at whrch he aims.
Now, I never have gone into a consideration of
the causes of this war, nor of the manner in which
it was commenced. I found it commenced, exist-
ing; and finding it commenced, existing, 1 have
always been in favor of fighting it out, and still
am; and I wish to do it in such a manner as shall
redound to the renown and success of our arms;
and it is vain to expect it, if the Executive is con-
fined to his own political opponents and rivals,
whose interest it is to make his military operations
unsuccessful, and therefore odious.
Now I do not expect that these considerations
will have weight with gentlemen on the other
side of the House; but they are considerations
which ought to have weight with gentlemen of the
Democratic party, who are responsible to the coun-
try for the successful prosecution of the war.
Sir, when the proposition for the creation of a
lieutenant general, from civil life, was brought up
in this House, I voted against it, or to lay the prop-
osition on the table (which was the motion I be-
lieve.) I did so, because I was not in possession
of any reason for such an appointment. I think
the Administration was guilty of a blunder in that
matter—a blunder in bringing it before this House
prematurely and without reposing in Congress
that confidence which it demanded at the hands of
Congress. Since that, in various ways disclosures
have been made which have satisfied me, and, I
'believe, satisfied a majority of the members of this
House, tkat that appointment ought to have been
made. And had the confidence been reposed in
Congress or its committees at the time the recom-
mendation was made, that has since been reposed
in them, I believe the officer would have been crea-
ted in the first instance.
But this proposition does not go to that extent.
This amendment does not propose to create an offi-
cer, but merely to allow the Executive to select
from the officers in service his own instrument for
the execution of his own will. I think it just to
the Executive, just to the country. To hold the
President responsible for the conduct of a war, and
then restrict him to his political opponents and
rivals, who will do all they can to defeat his meas-
ures so far as they can without calling down odium
upon themselves, is not only unwise, but unjust in
fact: a policy that is insane, looking to the success
of this war, without reference to partisan consider-
ations. There are valuable officers there; it is un-
wise to call them home, in order that the Execu-
tive may avail himself of the power he now has
of making his appointment. They have been un-
der pay, handsome pay, for years; the country has
a right to demand their services. jNone of them
can demand the position of commander-in-chief:
they are all of them our instruments—the servants
of the nation. Not one of them can properly
complain. Should we compel the whole of them,
by act of legislation, to retire to private life, not
one of them has legitimate cause of complaint. I
How, then, can they complain ? How can their
friends complain, because, in order to give the Pres-
ident the proper means to carry out this war, we
choose to authorize him to select from their own
number at his discretion ? How can they complain
justly? Between the commander-in-chief in the
field and the commander-in-chief at Washington,
the most intimate confidential relations must neces-
sarily subsist, or else the public service suffers; I
repeat, unless the most intimate and entirely con-
fidential relations subsist between the commander-
in-chief at Washington and the commander-in- r
chief in the field, the public service must suffer im-
mensely. Now I do not say this confidence does 1
not subsist; but I do say it would be very difficult,
from the nature of things, that it should subsist,
when the fact is notorious that they are rivals for
political power, and opposing candidates for the
Presidency. It is not to be supposed that these con-
fidential relations can subsist between them; and,
in that case, the public interests must suffer. We
have already seen most indiscreet, most lamentable
disclosures, and how they were made, I don't
know; whether in a state of "expansionor other-
wise, I don't know. But disclosures have been
made, which the whole reflecting public must re-
gret. Sir, 1 do not think these disclosures would
have been made, had the proper confidence existed
between headquarters in Washington and head-
quarters in the field. I am, therefore, for this
amendment, and for these reasons.
Now, the gentleman from Kentucky and other
gentlemen will do me the justice to say I have
not played the partisan in these halls. If I have
been notorious for anything during the present
session, it has perhaps been for my differences
with the party to which I belong; and while the
other side of this hall has been ringing with merely
partisan speeches, got up here to be franked home
by the cart-load, for mere party objects, I have
kept still. I trust my mind has been occupied by
considerations higher than those of a mere partisan
character; and, if I know my own heart, they are
considerations higher than those of a mere partisan
character which prompt me to support this bill.
We are in the war; I want to get out of it success-
fully, honorably, and to give the President power
leading to that result; and I despair of ever seeing
that result accomplished unless we give him the
choice of his instruments.
What motives actuated the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, I am not able to comprehend. If he com-
plains, as he seems to do, that Congress has not
been sufficiently consulted in regard to the present
war, certainly that ground of complaint does not
lie against this bill, because we come forward and
ask Congress directly to give the President power
for what he might do indirectly, although at the
injury of the public service, by withdrawing other
officers from the field, whose services the country
now requires.
Mr. Is. was here arrested by the fall of the chair-
man's hammer.
Mr. GENTRY obtained the floor, and was
about to proceed with his remarks, when, at re-
quest, he yielded for a word of explanation to
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, who said that it was
intimated to him that he might possibly have left
the impression that Mr. Polk was a candidate for
the Presidency again.
Mr. GENTRY. That was sufficiently obvious
before the gentleman spoke. There is no doubt
about that!
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. I had no such inten-
tion or reference. When I spoke of gentlemen to
whom these officers were rivals, I meant gentle-
men of the Democratic party who were considered,
or who might becomc candidates for the Presi-
dency, anil had no allusion to Mr. Polk.
Mr. GENTRY resumed the floor, and proceed-
ed to say( he professed to feel as ardent a desire
that the existing war should be brought to a speedy
and an honorable termination as any other gentle-
man in the House or elsewhere. He had voted
for all the means asked for by the Executive, and
which he believed proper and necessary to accom-
plish that end, and, if he could beheve that the
provision now proposed to be inserted in the Sen-
ate's bill was so, he would give it his prompt and
cordial support. While he believed the war to
have been commenced by a usurpation of power,
and a manifest and open breach of the Constitu-
tion; still, being in the war, he could not see how
we were to get out of it without fighting ourselves
out of it, manfully and bravely. And, therefore,
looking to those who had the ultimate authority
to redress all the evils of our present condition, he
had voted all those supplies which were necessary
to prosecute the war with vigor. But he did not
think the measure now proposed to be at all ne-
cessary or proper to that end. The House had
a^ain and again decided that it was not necessary.
Why was the effort thus persevered in ? The
scheme had once been voted out of the House sub
silentio, without deeming it worthy of a word of
discussion or even remark. Since then, what new
lights had broken in on the minds of these gentle-
men ? What extraordinary occurrences had taken
place to reverse and revolutionize their ideas ? He
did notpretend to tell. lie had, indeed, his own
opinion on the subject. He thought he under-
stood the true causes and motives which caused it
to be thus urged upon the House. He understood,
as had been once intimated here, that the war
was not prosecuted so much against Mexico as
against political rivals and opponents, and that a
victory at home would be quit© as dear to thr%ar$
of the President as one, however glorious, on'the
fields of Mexico.
He knew that he had no right to ask questions
here touching matters which had occurred, else-
where than on this floor; but he should like to in-
quire whether certain gentleman had not gone to
the President and to the Secretary of War,.and
directly protested against the appointment of Gen-
eral Scott to the command of the army, on the
ground that, if he should have th6 opportunity of
adding to the laurels which already encircled his
brow by winning new triumphs in the present
war, his popularity would soon be such as to ren-v.
der him invincible as a candidate for the Presiden-
cy? If he had a right to put the question, and
gentlemen here were compelled to answer, lie be-
lieved there were many in that Hall who could not
deny it. This was, in fact, a political war through-
out. They had anticipated a short, easy, brilliant
campaign. They expected that Mexico, after-a
feeble resistance, would be brought to terms, and
that this Democratic-Polk-Administration would
stand forever glorious on the pages of American
history for having added vast territories to the ex-
tent of the republic. Confident of an easy con-
quest, they had shaped all their measures in such
a way as to drive the Whigs into opposition to the
war, preferring their opposition to their coopera-
tion. Of this the preamble to the war bill was a
proof and an illustration. It had so happened that
General Scott, without any solicitation or agency
of his own, was talked about by his friends as a
fit candidate for the Presidency, and therefore it
would not do to let him go and reap this easy field
of glory; he would become altogether too popular
a i( rival." But old Zack Taylor had not, at that
time, been thought of by anybody as a future
President, and he was not dangerous. They knew
him to bo a rough and a ready fighter, accustomed
to give and take hard knocks; so he would answer
their purpose exactly. He went accordingly, hut
after he had won the victories of Palo Alto and
Resaca de la Palma, they would gladly have su-
perseded him too, but it was then too late, and he
was breveted. But he, too, was now getting dan-
gerous; so they left him to prosecute the war with-
out sustaining him with the proper means of trans-
porting his cannon and munitions. Had the same
means been allowed him which were so amply
provided for the gallant corps who marched over
the country where they scarce met an enemy, and
took possession ofCalifornia, with how much more
vigor and rapidity might the war have been con-
ducted. But he was left without means of trans-
portation, until the country was growing clamor-
ous at the delay. At length, encountering ail
difficulties, and surmounting them with an energy
never surpassed, he achieved the immortal victory
of Monterey.
From that moment he became too formidable as
a rival, and Mr. G. had sometimes pictured to him-
self the religious exercises of the President,and of
his friends of the Democratic party, during this
new state of things. There had, from Um£ to
time, intimations been given, in various forms,
sometimes by little paragraphs which made their
appearance in the Democratic papers, intimating
that Mr. Polk was a remarkably pious man, and
if so, he must of course often pray. Well, Mr. G.
had imagined to himself our pious President en-
gaged in his devotions, and (having by his own
acts rendered war inevitable) he had fancied he
could hear him praying, 44 Good Lord, let Taylor
be victorious; and then,oh Lord,take him to thy-
self speedily." [A laugh.] Well he might; for
he had his own fear lest so much military glory
might make him as troublesome a customer as
Scott. However, he could not get over the ne-
cessity of giving him the command, after the glo-
rious victories he had won—victories which had
attracted to him the admiration not only of the
whole country, but of foreign nations. The Amerr
ican people were beginning to point to him as the
man who had added lustre to our arms, and up-
held the glory of the American name. . From that
moment he became the mark for the envy and ma-
licious hate of the Administration, and of its sup-
porters and minions in and out of Congress. What
was to be done? Whereto would this thing grow ?
Forthwith,General Scott, who had before been put
aside with looks of coldness, and superseded from
the command of the war, came suddenly into fa-
vor, and was sent down, in his turn, to supersede
