1847.
CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE
Constitution of the United States, Congress is not
invested with the power to prosecute war; but
while Congress declare war and raise and support
armies and navies, the power of prosecuting- or
conducting the war is invested in the commander-
in-chief, who is the same person with the Presi-
dent of the United States.
I think I have shown, also, that, according to
the interpretation of the sixty-second article of
war, which I conceive to be the true interpretation,
an article of war established by Congress—the
President has the right to designate a junior officer
to take command oyer one who holds an older
commission; although it has not usually been
done—I do not know that it has ever been done.
It, however, seems to be the obvious meaning of
the sixty-second article that he has that power.
But inasmuch as it is considered by some that
there is ambiguity upon this subject, and the prac-
tice of the country has been otherwise, it is proper,
as the President purposes to exercise this power,
as he thinks it necessary for the conduct of this
wart that we should pass this amendment giving
him clearly this authoiity.
I think it is obvious, from the reasons I have sug-
gested, (for I have not time to argue them elabo-
rately,) dial the, President should be clearly in-
vested with the power to call such subordinate
agents, military officers, into his service in the
conduct of the war, m whom he has implicit confi-
dence, who believe in the justice of the war, and are
therefore prepared enthusiastically to go forth to lead
our armies to victory in defence of their country's
rights. And I think I ha\e also indicated to the
gentleman from Kentucky the authoiity I find for
the establishment of civil government over the
conquered provinces during the existence of the
wai. And this is all I propose to do.
Mr. TREDWAY said he had to make his
profound acknowledgments, inasmuch as for the
first time since he had been a member of this
House, he was now so fortunate as to be permitted
to occupy this floor for one moment. It is a privi-
lege (said he) so rare to me that I cannot proceed
to the discussion of the question before the com-
mittee until 1 have tendered to you my acknowl-
edgments for the favor of being allowed to exer-
cise this right upon this floor.
Mr. Chairman, if there is anything in the histo-
ry of parties in this country, which could excite
my astonishment, it would be that in the progress
of the war, in which we are now engaged, the fact
stands disclosed to this country—the mortifying
fact stands developed to thewoild, that theie is
upon the floor of the American Congress, upon all
questions relating to the conduct of a just and ne-
cessary war against our common enemy, a partisan
wai between the two political parties; that the mi-
nority on this floor, for partisan purposes, are
resorting to every effort to embarrass the Adminis-
tration, and delay and defeat the measures it deems
necessary for the successful and vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war with Mexico.
Mr. Chairman, I proceed to the discussion of
ihe question before me without any further pre-
liminary remarks. And what is it? It is a simple
proposition that we should give to that officer in
this Government, who is by the Constitution the
responsible man for everything that is done in con-
ducting this war, the right to execute the power
with which he is invested, as he may think neces-
saiy and proper—that officer being in possession
of knowledge and information in reference to the
best mode of conducting the war, which nobody
else, save his own Cabinet, can have. Sir, the
Piesident of the United States is, by the Constitu-
tion of Ids country, the commander-in-chief of the
army and navy of the United States, and the clause
of the Constitution which gives him this power
makes him responsible to the country for the man-
ner in which the war is conducted. For manifest
reasons he cannot go to Mexico to conduct the
war, but must remain here to discharge all the du-
ties which devolve upon him under the Constitu-
tion. Being thus jesponsible and in possession by
virtue of the private coirespondence between him
and the acthe agents at the seat of war, of that
information which will enable him, and him alone,
(not the members of this or the other branch of
Congress) to judge of the capacity of those who are
to command; and whether any changes ought to
be made in regard to the appointment of officers or
to the course which ought to be taken in the pros-
ecution of the war there—being in possession of
that information which we cannot get, he stands
before the world the responsible man in the prose-
cution of this war. Under these circumstances,
has he not the clear and undoubted right to appoint
a general officer, who shall share the responsibility
with him in conducting this war? Sir, when he
applied to this House and the other branch of Con-
giess to authorize the appointment of a, lieutenant
general, or general officer, notwithstanding the
prejudice which has been sought to be created
against a lieutenant general, I say we ought, injus-
tice to the President of the United States, and in
view of the strict account to which he is held by
the country, at once to have given him this power.
I voted'for that proposition, at least for having it
considered by the House, for these reasons.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,]
and I believe the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] also told us that this proposition ought not
to be introduced now, for the reason that it had been
considered and rejected by this House but a short
time since. Sir, 1 deny that it has ever been con-
sidered by Congress deliberately. What is the
history oi this pioposition? The President, some
time ago, recommended that he should have the
power, for the reasons which he stated m a short
communication to Congress, to appoint a general
officer. What was the course of this House upon
that subject? The Committee on Military AfFaits
took it up on one day, and in hot haste on the gext
day came befoie this body and asked to be dis-
charged from its consideration. They reported
no bill, they delayed not to deliberate upon the
subject, but on the very next morning they came
forward and asked to be discharged from its con-
sideration. I believe they were discharged. On
the next day, however, a motion was made to re-
consider the action of the House upon the previ-
ous day. It was reconsideied, and the report of
the Committee on Military Affairs was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of being discussed
and deliberated upon. And then it never came
up afterwards, except upon an incidental question
upon an amendment moved by a certain gentle-
man who wished to attach it to the military bill
for raising ten additional regiments of regulars.
It was in the meantime offered by the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] to be attached
to the proposition moved by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Rathbun,] to raise a volunteer
instead of a regular force; and upon that question
a vote was taken by yeas and nays, I believe, after
we got in the House, and I, wuh others, voted for
it. But that was no test; it was voted for, upon
the yeas and nays, by many, for the purpose of
attaching it as dead weight to the bill for raising
volunteers; and that it might not have an advan-
tage over the competing proposition to raise a reg-
ular force, both bills to which this amendment
had been attached were defeated.
That is the history of the action of the House
upon this subject. 1 deny that there has been any
delibeiate action on the part of this House upon
it. But if there had been, it would furnish but a
poor reason why we should not consider the pro-
position now, especially when we look to the re-
sponsibility of the President, and the fact that he
has the knowledge and information which render
him alone the proper man to decide upon a ques-
tion of this kind and upon the character of the
changes to be made in prosecuting this war, either
in reference to men, routes, or other circumstances
which may be involved.
But, Mr. Chairman, I think I see, from the his-
tory of the affair in this House, and from the effect,
also, which has been attempted to be given to the
action of the House heretofore in the country, the
true secret why this proposition has been so un-
popular, especially with my friends on the other
side of this House. Why, it was Considered then,
when this proposition came up, upon the recom-
mendation of the President, some weeks ago, as
an attack upon General Taylor. It was regaided
by my Whig friends as an attempt to supersede
that gallant officer commanding m the field, who
has won laurels which I am the last man to take
from him, and who deserves, in my opinion, a
vote of thanks by Congress, and for which I voted,
without intending any censure upon him.
jNow, what are the facts in reference to super-
seding General Taylor? Sir, at the very time
these clamors were thrown out heie upon this sub-
ject, th§ fact has since been developed that General
Taylor had then been superseded in the command
of the army in Mexico. At the very time we were
taking the vote in the House whether we would
appoint a lieutenant general,- General Taylor was
not in command of our forces; but General Scott
was. But when you took -.the command from
General Taylor, and gave it to General Scott,
another aspirant, and a prominent aspirant to the.
Presidential chair—wjien he received it, and Gen-
eral Taylor was superseded, not one murmur was
ever heard on that account from a solitary mem-
ber on the other side of the House.
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gen*
try] says if he were at liberty to propound certain,
questions to this side of the House, he would per-
haps disclose the fact that when General Scott.-was
brought up at the commencement of this war as
the commanding general of our forces, certain
Democrats protested .against it. Sir, I did not; J
did not go to the President. I was opposed to his
being appointed commander, but not for the reason
suggestedby the gentleman frojn Tennessee. He
was at one time intended for that command; it was
tendered to him, and afterwards he managed to get
out of it in the manner which is known to the coun-
try. Why did I prefer that General Scott should
not take the chief command there ? Simply because
at that time we had heard of the battles of Palo
Alto and Resaca de la Palma. General Taylor
had fought gallantly upon those fields and had won
brilliant victories, and as he had proved himself
capable of conducting our arms to victory, 1 pro-
tested against superseding him by General Scott,
or anybody else. The gentleman from Tennes-
see might propound his questions to me, I
would answer them with pleasure, and so far as I *
know, he could obtain nothing more of the wishes
or designs of the Democratic party upon this sub-
ject- .
It is said this is an attempt upon the part of the
Democratic party to make political capital; that
they are making this war a partisan question, and
that they seek to produce that effect by it. Sir,
how much reason is there in that assertion ? I ask,
upon all the issues on which we have met and
fought, I may say have conqucrcd, our friends on
the other side of the House, how much reason is
there that fiom these issues and the result of them,
when put into practical operation, we should seek
to make political capital? Sir, our friends on the
other side of the House who have opposed the
measures we have passed, and in advocacy of
which we came into power, are those who are
seeking to make political capital. Sir, do we want
to raise the question of a national bank—'that
" obsolete idea"— for the purpose of making po->
litical capital ? Or is it not our Whig friends who
do? Upon the tariff, which, since its passage, in
its brief operation, has demonstrated to the world
that it is productive of all the good consequences,
and more, which we promised and expected from
it, do we want political capital? From the sub-
treasury, which has operated well, and with no such
consequences as were attributed by its enemies to
it, have we any such results as were predicted by
its opponents? and have we any necessity or ex-
cuse to resort to new issues to make political capi-
tal ? No, sir; oifr friends on the other side of the
House are in need of capital; and they are agita-
ting these different questions for the sake of politi-
cal capital, and not the Democrats, The real
question now is, whether we shall do the President
of the United States—who is sworn to exercise ihe
duties of commander-in-chief of our army and
navy upon the information wc have not and can-
not have, for manifest reasons of public policy—
shall we do him that act of simple justice, to give
him the power which he asks in order to prosecute
the war in which the country is engaged ? A power
which I insist, as commander-in-chief of our forces,
he should always have, not now only, but in all
time ? Shall we give him that power? or shall we,
in deference to our Whig friends, persist in making
the President, the commander*in-chief, the respon-
sible man forjthc conduct of this war, keep in power,
a>-5 instruments of carrying out his policy, men who
are not only figuring in the political field as as-
pirants to the chief executive chair, but men, in
regard to whom he may have information that they
are not the persons who should conduct our armies
and hold the chief command there? Sir, if he is
to be responsible for the action of his agents,,let
him have power to select them, and let us not tie
up hi§ hands and confine.him to those, in whom he
