THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
may not have such confidence as he desires, and
as is-necessary for the public welfare. The reverse
of this proposition would be monstrous, and no
man upon any other question would for a moment
tolerate it. Why, sir, are we to keep up, for the
benefit of aspirants to the Presidential chair, and
continue to allow the men who are opposed to the
President the sole management and conduct of the
war? Or shall we give to him, who is responsible
for the conduct of the war, the power to select
agents agreeable to him ? That is the only ques-
tion involved in the amendment before the com-
mittee, and it is a simple proposition, upon which
I hold there can be but one side.
Mr. Chairman, for these reasons, which I have
hurried over, being an advocate for this war, and
believing it not only to be just and proper, but ne-
cessary, I go for giving the President the power to
conduct it in the manner winch shaH be the most
effective, and which shall bring- it to an early and
successful termination, and a complete vindication
of our national rights and our national honor.
Mr. T.'s time here expired.
Mr. NEWTON, of Arkansas, said he had
come here professing personally to be a Whig, but
knowing the sentiments of his constituents, and
determined to discharge the duty of representing
them with the utmost fidelity. He then went on
to quote and to complain of an editorial article
which had recently appeared in the Intelligencer
on the subject of the Wilmot proviso and the sup-
porters of the war, and also to the speech of Mr.
Winthrop, as reported in the same paper on the
same day. From this also he read an extract.
Mr. N. did not choo.se to be placed before a
small party in his own State as recreant to his duty
in voting against the Winthrop proviso. He did not
understand or recognise it to be a Whig doctrine
that we must never obtain any territory from
Mexico as the result of this war. He had voted
against the Winthrop proviso because all his con-
stituents desired the war to be so conducted as that
it should be terminated speedily, and in a manner
honorable to the United States. As to the political
contest here about it, though he had seen many
things that surprised him greatly, he knew noth-
ing. His constituents did not believe the war to be
un just: they considered their Governmentas pros-
ecuting and defending the rights of American citi-
zens—it might be against a weak Power, but a
Power that had dared to invade and trample on the
soil of this Union. Mr. N. did not claim to repre-
sent the Whig party of the United States; and if
his sentiments should not be agreeable to some of
his Whig friends, though he might regret it, yet lie
claimed the right of casting Ins votes according to
his own convictions of duty, without subjecting
himself to be censured, dircctly or indirectly, by
the Whig organ here. With what little mind he
possessed, and with .such advantages as he had en-
joyed, he should endeavor to do his public duty,
regardless of the dictation of newspapers. (He
hoped these remarks would be taken down.)
He went on to say that he represented a con-
stituency  'ho were m favor of the war, and who
desired to see it prosecuted by the most vigorous
measures, and who did not wish to limit the Pres-
ident 111 its conduct save where-his power might
prove dangerous. On this point the Whigs of Ar-
kansas agreed with the Democrats. And here it
might be proper for him to say that he was here
by permission of the Democrats of that State.
Though he had been opposed to the annexation of
Texas, yet, when that question had been settled
and the annexation declared by Congress, he had
raised a body of troops to aid her in defending
herself against Mexican oppression. As to the
political character of Arkansas, he said that light
was breaking in upon her people, and that he sin-
crrcly hoped it would be a Whig State.
In regard to this amendment, he had voted
against laying the bill on the table, and might yet
vote for it. He had been opposed to the creation
of a lieutenant general, for his people did not desire
that he should do anything to tarnish m the small-
est degree the bright fame of General Taylor.
There existed but one sentiment there in regard to
that brave and distinguished general, and they de-
sired that he, in pieference to General Scott or any
other general, should have command of the army
in Mexico.
Mr. N. said he might possibly vote for the bill
as it came from the Senate, but not for the amend*
meat. He considered a lieutenant general as un-
necessary. There should be in the army the ut-
most practicable degree of unanimity; but the ap-
pointment of such an officer as -was now proposed,
was calculated to produce discord, if not rebellion.
The Arkansas men now under the command of
General Taylor, loved their old commander, and
would not fight under this new lieutenant general,
if he should be appointed. They were as patriotic
men as any living, but to this they never would
submit.
Mr. N. said he had voted men and money for
the war without looking back to the question of its
origin, or criticizing the manner of carrying it on.
Recent intelligence informed us of the fact that some
of our men had been taken pii&oners by the Mex-
icans—some of them were from Mr. N.'s own
State—and a major had been cut off. Could any
man here hesitate to vote supplies while things
like these were taking place before his eyes? Mr.
N. never would. Whig or Democrat, he went for
prosecuting the war with the utmost vigor. The
appointment of a lieutenant general would not aid
towards such an end.
Mr. N.said his desire was for peace: all his ways
had been ways of peace: (he was nota violent man
save when he spoke;) but he believed a vigorous
pi'osecution of the war was the only way ever to
obtain peace with such people as the Mexicans.
He knew something of the character of these peo-
ple;. for his residence was near to the boundary of
Texas, and he frequently saw men who had had
constant intercourse with them in times past. All
who did know them were of one opinion; and that
was, that the only way ever to bring them to a
permanent peace was to send men enough into
their country to besiege and capture their forts,
sack their cities, burn their dwellings, and lay
waste their possessions, and make them feel that j
we had power effectually to injure them. Mr. N.
did not desire to spread desolation among innocent
people; and he was aware that there existed among
them nothing like a stable government; but still
they must be made to comprehend that war with
the United States was no child's play. After we
had spent millions in prosecuting the war, after so
many precious lives of our bravest men had been
sacrificed, after the teais and cues of widows and
orphan children, made widows and orphans by
this war, had been in our ears, it was too late now
to talk about withdrawing our forces; we must go
on, and put her fairly down; this was the only way
to an honorable and a lasting peace with her.
As to the mode in which the war had been con-
ducted, Mr. N. was in a position to know some-
thing more of the feelings of the South and of the
West on that subject than those who had riot so
recently crossed the mountains. He had heard
much about General Taylor's letter, but he could
assure gentlemen that the eyes of the people in that
quarter of the Union were all fixed upon the old
soldier who had led our armies to victory, and had
far more confidence in him than in the President
of the United States. They considered this as an
imbecile Administration, tottering to its downfall.
It had not now more than a corporal's guard m its
favor in that House, and it was destined to go out
| of power with even less honor than the unhonored
! Administration of John Tyler.
i The West and the South had confidence in both
| our commanders—in Scott and in Taylor; but most
; in Taylor, because he had been associated and
j identified with a large portion of them and their
I interests during the Florida war. The citizens of
I Arkansas preferred him to push this war to any
man the President could send there.
Mr SCHENCK next addressed the committee,
and, declining to enter on any general discussion
touching the war, (of which he had desired to
speak at large, but never had yet enjoyed an op-
portunity,) woyld confine himself mainly to reply-
ing to his colleague, [Mr. Brinkeiuioff.]
He observed that the measure now present was
nothing new. It was neither more nor less than
the old and oft-rejected project of a lieutenant gen-
eral. He then went into a brief review of the re-
ception and treatment of that Executive proposal
by this House, when formerly sent to it. But
here it came back again once more. He had heard
it prophesied then, that, though apparently dead,
under a heavy rejection by yeas and nays, it
would, nevertheless, be galvanized into a new ex-
j istence—would come up by a legislative resurrec-
{ tion, and would obtain a vote of a majority here,
t He had not believed this then, but he believed it
now. Indeed, he was prepared to' see any and
everything which the President saw fit to recom-
mend obsequiously carried by that House. He ex-
pected to see tea and coffee taxed—ay, and by the
vote of his colleague, [Mr. Brinkbrhoff,] too, not- ■
withstanding his fulmtnations against it at the last
session. Nay, he did not despair of beholding
even the honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wentworth] following suit, and coming in with
a most loyal vote for that very tax.
In reply to the doctrine of Mr. Sims, that the
conduct of the war was exclusively in the hands of
the President, and the House had nothing to do _
with it but to grant supplies, he contended that, as
Congress supplied the men, and gave them in an
organized form, it had a right to say what shape
this instrumentality for carrying on the war should
assume. Had they no right to say whether the
army should be placed under such an officer as was
now proposed, or should be left as it was! He
thought they had, and he desired the army to re-
main as it was.
When the project had first been brought for-
ward, it was objected to because the officer was to
be taken from civil life; and on this ground his
colleague now admitted that he had voted against
it. But now it was presented in a yet more offen-
sive shape. It was now proposed to elevate an in-
ferior over his superiors in grade. Else why any
bill ? And, besides, the difference as to civil and
military life was a deception. The officer was now
to be appointed from among the generals in the
army. He was thus to be a man taken from mil-
itary life. Yes; byt could not the President take
a civilian—a Senator, it might be—and, first ma-
king him a major general, then elevate him above
all the other generals ? And was it not mere mock-
ery and hypocrisy to talk about appointing no-
body from civil life? It might do to catch gulls,
but would deceive no reflecting man.
Yet the measure was destined to pass 4he House.
And this fact proved that if the President pos-
sessed but half the military skill at conducting a
war that he did as a drill sergeant m managing
that House, there was no need of appointing any
other commander-in-chief. At that business he
had proved himself a perfect martinet. He had
found a way to make gentlemen here face to the
right or the left; nay, to face right about, at his
word of command. An intimation from the White
House was sufficient.
The President talked about " conquering a
peace;" he had conquered nothing as yet, unless
it were the independence of that House, the credit
of the country, the treasury, and the Constitution;
and he threatened, before long, to conquer the lib-
erties of the people.
His colleague talked about Whigs making
speeches to be franked off in wagon-loads. This
reminded Mr. S. ofthefact, that(though he franked
no speeches of his own) he had once franked off
a large quantity of the sppeches of his colleague
against the annexation of Texas; but it was rather
an unfortunate move; for, before the speeches so
franked had time to reach the post offices in Ohio,
the honorable gentleman had voted the other way.
[Roars of laughter.] The gentleman referred to
his separation fiom his party friends; true, but the
separation was only during the debate; as soon as
it came to voting, he was back again in the ranks,
wheeling and facing like a well-drilled soldier.
Mr. S. contended that this amendment had been
introduced and urged purely for a party purpose;
and his colleague had frankly avowed the fact, and
justified it, (and he was one of the Military Com-
mittee who prepared this amendment.) Though
he opposed it before, and it was the same measure
still, now he boldly went for it, and that without
any new reason. The gentleman was in the ranks
, again.
Why were Scott and Taylor to be superseded?
| What had they done to deserve it? Would any
. gentleman state? He would pause for a reply,
j Here Mr. S. waited some time, but no reply
j was made.
j But his colleague had found out a sufficient tea-
j son—they were Whigs; yes, and " rivals" of Mr,
| Polk as candidates for the Presidency, If they
were it was not because they had made themselves
so, but because their merits had.
Mr. COCKE, amidst much confusion, adverted
to the statement of Mr. Brikkerhoff that Scott
and Taylor were " rivals" of Mr. Polk. This he
said was news to the Whigs, and he believed
