1847.
mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aafrV
would be to the Democrats; for Mr. C. at least
had never heard before that Mr. Polk was consid-
ered as " in the line of safe precedents."
Mr. C. was opposed to giving the President
power to appoint a lieutenant general over our
army, because he ha4 already made one such ap-
pointment for the army of Mexico, and it turned
out disastrously to the successful termination of
the war and the " conquest of a peace.*'
After touching on the defeat by Democratic votes
of the increase of the pay of the volunteers, he ad-
verted to the sudden and complete change of opin-
ion among Democratic members on this question,
and was proceeding m his remarks when the hour
appointed for the termination of the debate expired,
and the committee proceeded to vote.
The question was stated on concurring with the
Committee on Military Affairs on their first amend-
ment; when
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to amend
the first section, as follows:
<kProvided, That nothing in this act shall be so construed
as to authorize the appointment of any member of Congies*
to be generalissimo ot the army of the United State* who
does now or has heietofore entertained and expressed the
following opinion : c That the incorporation of the left bank
( of the Rio <Uj 1 Noite into tin; American Union, by virtue
' of a treaty with Texas, comprehending, as the said incor-
f por.Uion would do, a part of the Mexican departments
*ot New Mexico, Chihuahua, Coahuila, and Tamauhpas,
1 would be an act of direct aegrcsj-ion on Mexico, for all the
4 consequences of winch the United States vvouid be respon- j
'sihle;' and also the following -opinion: CI consider the
£ marching upon the Rio Giande a* being unfortunate, and
i certainly should have advised agnn-t it, if I had been con-
* suited;' and also the following: 'They, the President and
'his Secretary of Stale, made the war themselves, and
< made it unconstitutionally, perfidiou&ly, clandestinely, and
* piratically. The ^ecrct ordeis to our army and navy were
* piiatical, for they wne without law, to waylay and attack
«afnendly Power, with whom we have a treaty of amity;
* and, as a member of a court-martial, I would sentence to
< be shot any officer of the aimy or navy who should dare
* to attack Mexican troops, or ships, or cities, under that
* order.5"
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a question of order;
and inquired if the proposed amendment was in
order?
The CHAIR ruled the amendment in order.
And Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BOYD moved to amend the amendment of
the committee by striking out the words u during
the continuance of the existing war with Mexico."
Mr. McHENRY rose to a question of order.
It was not in order to move an amendment to an i
amendment.
The CHAIR overruled Mr. McHenry's point
of order.
Mr. JOHN H. EWING moved to amend the
amendment of the Committee on Military Affairs,
(the 2d section,) by striking out the words " who
may be," and inserting " who now are."
Disagreed to: Ayes 68, noes 103.
Mr. "ANDREW JOHNSON re-offered his
amendment.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose. The confusion was-
such that the reporter was unable to hear what he
said.
The question was put, and the amendment was
disagreed to: Ayes 31, noes 89.
Mr. COCKE offered the following proviso:
"Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
stiued into an approval of the act of the President m permit-
ting Santa Ana to return to Mexico."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, as a second section to the bill,
was then agreed to.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved to amend
the amendment to the fifth section, by striking out
the words, " filled by regular promotion or"—so
that the officers would then have to be elected.
Disagreed to: Ayes 63, noes 84.
Mr. ROOT moved the following proviso:
"Provided, That no person now holding an office in the
Mexican army or Government shall be appointed by the
President, under authority of this act, to any office in the
army of the United States."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. ROOT appealed, and the Chair was sus-
tained.
The amendments proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to the fifth section were agreed
to.
The next amendment proposed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was read, when—
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to add the
following proviso:
" Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so construed
as to authorize the President of the United States to appoint
any member of Congress commander-m-cluef."
Disagreed to—Ayes 42, noes 86.
The amendment of the committee was then agreed
to.
The amendment of the committee to the seventh
section was then read and agreed to.
All the amendments reported by the Committee
on Military Affairs having been acted on—
The bill was then read for other amendments.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved to amend the
second section so as to make it read, " which officers
shall be selected from the volunteer corps now in
service." Disagreed to.
Mr.JOHNA. ROCKWELL moved the follow-
ing proviso to the Qd section:
"Provided, That no person now a momberof either House
of Congress shall be appointed to any oflice created under
this act."
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved to amend the
amendment so as to make it read: " That no per-
son now a member of either House of Congress
shall be compelled to accept any office creatcd un-
der this act." Agreed to.
The question was put on the amendment as
amended, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved to add as a new section the
following:
" Be it further enacted, That, for the purpose of avoiding
unnece^eaiy expenses in the mihtaiy establishment, inclu-
ding volunteers, the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby authoiized, in case of tailure in filling the rank
and file of any regiment or regiments, to consolidate such
deficient regiment or regiments, and discharge all supernum-
erary officeis : Provided, That officers so discharged shall be
allowed, in addition to the mileage already authorized by
law, three months' pay to each."
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved a new section, providing
" that all the officers appointed, and the additional
force authorized to be raised under this act, shall
be discharged at the expiration of the war with
Mexico." This was also agreed to.
The committee rose and reported the bill as
amended.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
ordered, viz: Will the House concur with the
Committee of the Whole in their amendments?
The amendment reported as a second section
was read; and on the question of concurrence, the
yeas and nays were taken, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger,
Benton, Biggs, James Biaek, Jame-3 A. Black, Bowdon, Bow-
hn, Boyd, Bnnkerhoff, Brockenhrough, Brodhead, William
G. Brown, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman,
Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Dan-
iel, Daraan, De Mott, Dobbin, Douglass, Dunlap, Edsall,
Ellett, Ellsworth, Eidman, Faran, Fickhn, Foster, Fries,
Garvin, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Harmanson,
Hastings, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hough. George S. Hous-
ton, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, C. J. Ingersoll. Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, George VV. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman, Kenncdv, Preston King, Lawrence,
Leake, Leffler, La Seie, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean,
Mc Crate, McDamel, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDow-
ell, McKay, John P. Martin. Barkle.v Mai tin, Morris, Morse,
Moulton, Nivcn, Norns, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Perrill,
Phelps, Pillsbury, Rathbun, Reid, Ritter, Roberts, Russell,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Alexander D. Sim<5, Leonard
II. Sims, Thoiudh Smith, Robeit Smith, Stanton, Staik-
weather, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Tredway, Wentwoith, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wood,
Woodw'orth, and Yost—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ciuiney Adams, Arnold,
Ashman, Bariinger, Bell, Blanchard, Milton Biown, Buf-
fington, William W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, Carroll,
John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer,
Cottrell, Cranston, Cio/ier, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano,
Dixon, Dockery, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot,
Gentry, Guiding*, Graham, Guder, Grinnell, Hale, Hampton,
Harper, Henry, Ehas B. Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, John W.
Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, |
Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, Daniel JP.
King, Thomas Butler King, Lewis, Long, McGaughey, Mc-
Henry, Mcllvame, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Newton, Pol-
lock,Ramsey, Riplev, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Runk/Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Simp-
son, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Cal$b B Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Strohm, Thibodauv. Thomasson, Benjamin
Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs, Tiumbo, Vance, Vinton,
Winthrop, Woodruff, Woodward, Wright, and Young—87.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read and concurred in
on a separate vote.
The remaining amendments were-read and con-
curred in.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed; and they were engrossed, and the bill, as
amended, was read a third time.
The question then recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question, and,
under its operation, the bill was passed: Yeas 121,
nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Atkinson, Bedinger, Benton, Bisgs^ James
Black, James A. Black, Bowdori, Bowlin,Boyd, Brinkfirhofl^
Brockenbrough, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Cathcart,
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clai&e,
Cobb, Collin, Cottrell, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Dame], Dai can, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass,
Dunlap, Ed-.aU, Ellett, Ellsworth, Eidman, Faran, Ficklie,
Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover,.
Hamlin, Harmanson, Hastings, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins,
Hough, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubara, Hunger-
ford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andiew Johnson, G.
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Preston
King, Lawrence, Leake, Leffler, La Sere.Lignn, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McClean, McCratp, McDamel, Joseph J. McDow-
ell, James McDowell, McKay, J. P. Mai tin, Barkley Mai fin,
Morris,Moulton, Niven, Norns, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Per-
rill, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rathbun, Reid, Ritter, Roberts, Rus-
sell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Alexander D.
Suns, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robtrt
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, James Th mp>on, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Towns, Tredwav, Went-
wortli,Wheaton, Wick, Williams,Wood,Woodward,Wood-
worth, and Yo*t—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,uincy Adams, Arnold,
Bai ringer, Belt, Blanchard, Milton Brown, BufHugton, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John H. Canipb.-ll, Carroll. J. G. Chap-
man, Cocke, Collamer. Cranston, Croziei, harraji. Gairett
Davi<, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, John H. Ewmg,"Edwin H.
Ewing, Foot, Gentry, Giahani,Guder, G<mi ell, Hale, Hamp-
ton, Harper, Hmiry, Ehas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, S.
D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R Ingcr.-oll,
Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler King, Leu is, Long, Mc-
Gaushey, McHenrv, Mcllvame, Mar-h, Millet, Moseley,
Newton, Pollock, Ramsey, Ripley, Julius Rockwall, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Ruuk, Schenck", Seaiiiaij, Sevejance, Tru-
man Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm,
Thotnasson, Benjamin Tnomp-on, Tilden, Toon bs, Truin-
bo, Vance, Vinton, Winthrop, Woodiuft', Wright, and Young
—75.
Mr. McGAUGHEY, as a question of privilege,
from the Committee on Elections, to which was
referred, by the resolution of the House, the sub-
ject of Edward D. Baker's right to a seat as a
Representative from the State of Illinois, in the 29th
Congress, and also the right of Thomas W. New-
ton to a seat as the Representative from the State
of .Arkansas, in place of Archibald Yell, made
a report, accompanied by the following resolu-
tions:
Therefore resolved, That Edward D. Bakfr has not b?en
entitled to a seat as a member of the House of Representa-
tives siiKje the acceptance and oxeicise by him of the mili-
tary appointment of colonel of volunteers from the State of
Illinois in the service of the United State-.
Resolved further, That Thomas W. Newton is entitled
to a seat as a member of this House from the State ot Ar
kansas.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE. 4
Saturday, February 27, 1847.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Barrett'
Edwards Potter, praying that the speech recently
delivered in the Senate by the honorable Mr. Cor-
win, may be printed at public expense; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Montgomery county, Indiana, praying
the adoption of pacific measures for the termina-
tion of the war; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. STURGEON submitted documents relating
to the claim of Ehsha K. Kane, to compensation
for his services as physician to the Chinese mis-
sion in 1843—'44; which wasrefened to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DIX. presented four petitions of citizens of
New York, praying that the Tonawanda Indians
may be exempted from the operation of the Seneca
treaty of 1842; which were laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial of Phcebe
Wood and Sylvia Ann Wood, remonstrating
against certain provisions in the bill for the relief
of the heirs of Jethro Wood, deceased; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial of the
legal representatives of James Miller, deceased-
praying indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was laid upon the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the amendment of
the House to the bill of the Senate to amend the
act to regulate the carriage of passengcis in mer-
chant vessels, and to determine the time when said
act shall take effect, reported thereon, and the
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BREESE, from the same committee, to
