THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR &
RIVES.
29th Congress, 2b Session. TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1847.
New Series..
 No. 34.
to errors and defective returns? in certain surveys,
plats, and field notes; which was read a first time.
INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BAG-BY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from the
House to amend the act to provide for the better
organization of the Indian Department, &c.,#e-
ported the same without amendment.
Mr. YCJLEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Na-
thaniel Hogatt; which was read, and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom were referred the bills from the House
concerning collection districts, and the bill extend-
ing the privileges granted by the 7th section of the
act of 3d March, 18-15, to the town of Whitehall,
in the State of New York, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. D., from the same committee, reported hills
to authorize the issuing of registers to the brig
Leverett, and to the barque Canton; which were
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. DAYI8, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House concerning
the licensing of yachts, and for other purposes,
reported the same without amendment.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. EYANS, the Senate resumed
the considciation, as in committee of the whole, of
the bill making appropriations for the civil and di-
plomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending on the 30th day of June, 1848.
The question pending was upon agreeing to the
amendment proposed yesterday, appropriating
$70,000 to pay the claim of the State of Texas
against the united States, for goods forcibly taken
from the custom house of the republic of Texas by
citizens of the United States.
> Mr. BUTLER saw no necessity for placing so
large a sum as $70,000 at the disposal of the Presi-
dent. The guns might be worth $5,000, and a fair
allowance might be made for the other goods. He
moved to amend the amendment by striking out
§70,000, and inserting $30,000.
Mr. EVANS said that according to the official
estimate, the guns were only worth $1,970.
Mr. BUTLER said he was disposed to be liberal,
and to give a full compensation.
Mr. ARCHER was understood to say that our
citizens had done wrong, and we had made proper
atonement to Texas for the wrong. And if Texas
required further concession, he had no doubt the
United States would institute a criminal proceeding
against the offenders. But if the injury had been
done to the State, he thought she should not come
to Congress for pecuniary compensation.
Mr.' RUSK said that he would not consent on
the part of Texas to receive pecuniary compensa-
tion for an insult. She had, at the time, power to
punish the offenders. But she did not go so far
as she might have done. She did not avail herself
of her physical powers to obtain red 1 ess. It was
a principle of international law, that a Government
was bound to prevent her citizens from perpetrating
an injury to a foreign Government; and if they did
so, she was bound to deliver up the aggressors, or
to punish them. There was no treaty existing
under which the United States was required to de-
liver up these offenders to Texas, and no law for
their punishment. This, at least, was the expla-
nation of the Secretary of State. But Texas had
sustained a pecuniary loss, and the United States
had failed to render justice. They had failed to
do so, and the President had recommended this
appropriation. Goods to the amount of $70,000
had been landed in opposition to the laws ofTexas,
and under those laws they were forfeited.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. EVANS moved further to amend theamend-
ment by providing that the claim should be settled
by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
which was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then agreed
to—yeas 23, nays 15.
Mr. CAMERON moved an amendment to au-
34
thorize the President to employ two messengers,
at the same compensation as is allowed to the
messengers of the departments; which was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON moved an amendment
appropriating a sum, ($5,000,) to be paid annually,
for the purchase of Callin's gallery of Indian por-
traits, &c.
Mr. CLAYTON stated that this was probably
the last opportunity which would be offered for
obtaining this gallery of paintings, perpetuating
the lineaments of these aborigines. He would
not now go into the merits of these paintings.
They had been seen by all the Senators. At the
last session, memorials had been presented from
the principal artists praying that they might be
purchased by the Government; and this was the
last oppoitunity. They weie about six hundred
in number, and were now at the Louvre, in Pans,
where they had met with unqualified approbation.
It was provided by his amendment that they were
not to be purchased unless the Smithsonian Insti-
tution wouhl find a place for them in their gallery,
which he understood would probably be done.
They might, perhaps, be purchased for about
$50,000, of which it was proposed to pay $5,000
annually.
Mr. BREESE said he was not aware of any
arrangement which had been suggested in the In-
stitute for these paintings; and six hundred of
them would fill the entire gallery intended for the
fine arts. These pictures are not, of themselves,
of such excellence as would probably be selected
for the gallery of the arts.
Mr. AVESTCOTT was opposed to purchasing
the portraits of savages. What great moral les-
son are they intended to inculcate? He would
rather see the portraits of the numerous citizens
who had been murdeied l y these Indians. lie
would not vote a cent for ctpoitiait of an Indian.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON added, that this collec-
tion had cost Mr. CatUn not less than $>10,000.
Propositions had been made for their purchase in
Europe, in order to perpetuate the memory of
these Indians; but we were more bound to pre-
serve them than foreigners were. As to the In-
stitute, this appropriation was to depend on their
decision. If they could not provide a place for
them the paintings would not be purchased.
The motion was then decided in the negative.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then moved a recon-
sideration of the vote upon concurring in the
amendments, so far as regards the following amend-
ment :
« That the Secretary of the Treasury hp insrrnctcd to pay
to Undue and Hois'? the amount deducted by the* committees
of the Senate and House of Representatives tiom their ac-
counts, an rendered, for pnniuig farm -tiled and delivered
previous to the passage of the pntiiins law now m opera-
tion."
The motion prevailed.
Mr. EVANS then moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " the Senate and."
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the
amendment of Mr. Evans was disagreed to—yeas
22, nays 22, as follows:
YE'VS— Me«sr«. AicUer.Badsjer, Benton, Berrien, Butler,
CalliOuri,Cilley, Thomas Clayton, John M Clayton. Corwin,
Davis?, Evan*,*Huntinjrton, Jainairm, Johnson of Maryland,
Mangum, Miller, Morehead, A'lles. Pcaiec, Upham, and
Vnlee—22.
NAYS Messrs Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Breeze,
Bright, Cameron, Ca?^, Chalmers, Dickinson, Dix, Fair-
field Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Mason,
Rusk, Sevier, Soul6, Sturgeon, Webster, and Westeott—2-2.
The VICE PRESIDENT gave the casting vote
in the negative.
The question then recurred upon concurring m
the amendment as adopted in committee oi the
whole, and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
23, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Mepsre. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Ba^hy, Benton,
Breese, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, Div, Fair-
field Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Mason,
Rusk, Sevier, Soul6, Sturgeon, Webster, "Wo-tcott, and
Woodbrhlge—33. .
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Calhoun, Cil-
ley, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Davis, Evan«, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland,
Mangum, Miller, Nilas Pearce, Upham, and Yulee—20.
Mr. DIX then moved an amendment to pay
John Hogan, late'agent to the republic of St. Do-
mingo, the sum of $790; which was disagreed to
on a division—ayes 18, noes 19.
Mr. CASS moved an amendment making an
appropriation for the repurchase of a township of
, land in Michigan, &c.; which was disagreed to.
j Mr. BRIGHT, by direction of the Committee
: on the Public Buildings, moved an amendmentap-
: propriating $4,876 for alterations and the ventila-
! tion of the Senate Chamber, on the plan of John
I Skirving; whjch was agreed to.
j Mr. MANGUM, under the impression that
, there had been a mistake in the count upon the
I vote by which the amendment for the payment of
j John Hogan was disagreed to, renewed thatamend-
j ment, changing the sum from $790 to $740. The
; amendment was agreed to—ayes 23, noes 16.
i The bill way then ordered to a third reading,
| and was, by unanimous consent, read a third time
i and passed.
j MILITARY BILL.
j Mr. DIX, on leave, introduced b bill to amend
j the act to raise for a limited time an additional
1 military force, and for other purposes.
| Mr. DIX explained that the bill was designed to
i remedy some defects in the military bill lately
! passed, relative to the mode of issuing scrip, which
i it provided should be issued under the authority of
I the Secretary of War. It had been also omitted
■ to fiK any period for the payment of the interest.
| Thci e was also a section to prevent any transfers of
, scrip until it was issued by the Treasury Depart-
i uient; and another exempting that stock from all
| claims for debt.  
| The bill was then rend a first and second time,
; and referred to the Committee on Finance.
!, Mr. RERIIIEN, from the Committee on the.
; Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
] House to amend the act of January 18, 1837, to
1 provide for the payment of horses or other pro-
perty lost or destroyed in the military service of the
United States, reported the same without amend-
j ment.
Mr. BRIGHT, on leave, introduced a bill pro-
' viding for the surrender of certain bonds of the
j State of Indiana, held by the United States; which
j was read, and passed to the second reading.
! Mr. CRITTENDEN moved that the Senate
! proceed to the consideration of the bill to provide
1 some relief for the suffering people of Ireland and
! Scotland.
I Upon this motion the yeas and nays were order-
1 ed, and, being taken, the motion was not agreed
I to—yeas 18, nays 23; as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Thomas Clayton, John
j M. Clavton, Ci itlemkm, Evans, Greene, Huntington, Jarna-
J gin. Johnson of Mai viand, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum,
! Millar, Simmons, Upham, Webster, Westeott, and Wood-
; bridge—18.
; NAYS A-Jiloy. Atchison, Rugby, Btcesc, Ben-
: ton. Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Chalmers, Dayton,
Dickinson, Dix, Fan field, Houston, Ma«on, Niles, Rusk,
Soviet, Soul6, Sturgeon, Turncv, and Yulee—S3.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
Mr. NILES said it was with unfeigned regret
Unit he occupied, at this late period of the.session,
any of the valuable time of the Senate, or delayed
for a single hour its final action upon the bill before
them, especially as the discussion had been already
extended to so great a length. His reason for ad-
1 dressing them was, mainly, that he might set him-
| self right before his constituents and the country
■ in relation to the general subjects embraced in this
t discussion; for he perceived that some doubts bad
i been expressed in the newspapers as to the course
! which he would take in relation to this measure;
I and he thought it incumbent upon him, therefore, to
j express his views in reference to it; and, indeed, in
■ reference to all the great questions which had been
I bioughtinto discussion. Another reason why he
' addressed the Senate at this time was, because he
