THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
July 2,1836," statements showing the *4 incidental
expenses1' of that department for the year ending
June 30,1846. Read and laid on the table.
II. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting copies of the Army Register for the year
1847, for the use of the members of the House.
^And also a report from the Adjutant Genera!, rec-
ommending that the Army Register and the state-
ment of pay, &c., be reported to Congress and
printed separately. Read and laid on the table.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House proceed- ]
ed to consider the bill making appropriations for ;
the support of the Military Academy for the year j
ending June 30, 1848, together with the amend- i
ments of the Senate to the said bill, which were ;
disagreed to by the House, and which were insisted j
on by the Senate.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House insist upon |
its disagreement to the said amendments of the Sen- J
ate to the said bill, and also moved the previous j
question, and under its operation Mr. McKay's 1
motion was agreed to. And so it was resolved jj
that the House insist upon its disagreement to the t,
amendments of the Senate to the bill making appro- :
priations for the Military Academy for the year >
ending June 30, 1848. j
Mr. McKAY moved that the House take a re-
cess this day from three to five o'clock; disagreed I
to—two-thirds not voting in favor thereof. I
THE ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL. |
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved !
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union, (Mr. Ficklin in the chair.) j
Mr. McKAY moved to take up the bill " to in- i;
crease the revenue derivable from duties on imports, , j
also from the sale of the public lands, to aid in the \\
prosecution of the war with Mexico," which mo- i|
tion was agreed to.
The bill was read through for information, as jj
follows: \\
"A BILL to increase the revenue derivable from duties on 'j
impoits, also from the sale** ot the public lands, to aid m jj
the prosecution of the war with Mexico.
" jBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That from and after the panose of this act there shall be
levied, collected, and paid a duty of twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem on tea and colfee imported theieafter into the United
States from foreign countries.
" Sec. 2. Jlrul be it further enacted. That fioni and after
the passage of this act there uhall be levied, collected, and
paid an additional duty of t >n per cent, ad valorem on the
following articles thereaftei imported into the United States
I'roni foreign comifueri, namely : to,if and other refined su-
gar; coal; bar iron manufactured by tolling; pis iron, round
iron, as braziets' lods, of tluee-Mxtcenth^ to ten-sixteenths
of an inch in diameter, meluMve; nail or spike Hid.-, >Jit,
rolled, or hammered; pheetiron, (except tagsjei-.') hoop n on ;
band or scroll iron ; cn-emcnt rods she, tolled, or hammer-
ed; wood screws (of iron;) spikes, cut or wrought, and
white and ted lead.
" Sec. 3. Jind be it further enu<teThat from and after
the passage of this act there shall be levied, collected, and
paid an additional duty ot live per cent, ad valorem on the
following articles imported thereafter into the United States
from foreign countries, namely: manufaotuies of cotton, if
dyed, colored, printed or stained, exceeding in value thirty
cents the square yard ; and nmnulaetutes ot cotton not dyed,
colored, printed, or stained, exceeding in value twenty cents
the square yard.
"Sec. 4. Jind he it further enacted, That the duties im-
posed hv this act shall cea>e two years jitter the exchange
and ratification of a treaty of peace with Mexico : Provided,
That the duties laid by this act shall be collected on all such
goods, wares, and merchandise as shall have been unpolled
previous to the day on which the said duties are to cea^e.
" Sec. 5. Jind be it further enactcd, That alt lands belong-
ing to the United Stales which have been in market and
subject to entry for ten years, and not more trmn fifteen
years, may be enteied at one dollar per acre ; all lands be-
longing to the United States, and which have been in mar-
ket and subject to entry for fifteen yeais, and not more than
twenly-five years, may he entered at seventy-five ccnts per
acre; and all such lands which have been m market and
subject to entry for moie than twenty-five years, may be
entered at fifty cents por acre. This section to take effect
from and after the first of May, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven. %pd to continue in force only during the existing war
with Mexico, arid for six montliN after Uie ratification of a
treaty of peace with her-"
The bill was then taken up by sections for
^ amendment, and the first section being read—
Mr. COCKE said that he had not risen to make
a speech; but, believing that this war had been
brought about by the blunders of the officeholders
of the General Government, and being desirous
that they should bear their just proportion of its
burdens in common with the people, whose luxu-
ries and necessaries of life it was proposed to tax
by the present bill, he had prepared an amend-
ment for die purpose of reducing the salaries of
such civil officers of the Government as were now
enormously large, and thereby savitfg to the treas-
ury an amount equal if not greater than the bill
itself would produce. He then moved to amend
the first section, by striking out all thereof after
the word " act," and inserting a proviso making a
reduction of "twenty-five per cent, on the salaries
of all officers of Government which exceed $1,000
and the pay of members of Congress, the said
reduction to continue during the war with Mexico.
Mr. TIBBATTS objected to the reception of
the amendment as not being in order.
The CHAIR ruled it to be out of order for irrel-
evancy.
Mr. COCKE thereupon took an appeal. He in-
sisted that an amendment such as that he had
offered was as important, in a revenue point of
view, as any item contained in the bill. It went
to increase the disposable revenue ot the treasury
by saving a large annual amount of expenditure, j
The adoption of this one amendment would save ;
more money to the Government than all the sec- j
tions in the bill would raise; and he insisted that
it was just as important to save money as it was
to raise it.
Tellers were demanded and ordered on the ap-
peal.
The CHAIRMAN stated his ground of decision
to be, that this was a bill for "raising" revenue,
whereas the amendment proposed to save revenue.
Mr. SCHENCK. The old proverb says a
penny saved is twopence earned.
Mr. THURMAN spoke in support of the de-
cision of the Chair; not exactly on the ground
stated by the Chairman, but on another, more
forcible. This was not a general bill to raise rev-
enue, but a bill limited to the increase of duties on
imports and for the graduation of the price of the
public lands. It was a limited bill—limited to
those two objects—the amendment was on a sub-
ject wholly different; though its effect might be
virtually to increase the revenue.
The CHAIR now stated, as an additional ground
of irrelevancy in the amendment, that it was a pro-
vision to regulate the salaries of the officers of Gov-
ernment, and out of order on that account also.
Mr. HOPKINS said it was not a provision to
regulate salaries, but to tax salaries. He thought
it quite as much in order to tax salaries as land.
Mr. THURMAN insisted on his former ob-
jection; this was a limited bill, and the amendment
was foreign to it.
Mr. HOPKINS contended fhat to save revenue
was virtually to raise revenue. He hoped the de-
cision of the* Chair would be reversed.
Mr. GENTRY observed, that whatever might
be the opinion of the committee as to the merits of
the amendment, it was certainly in order. It was
gcrmam to the bill; it looked to the same object,
and would have the same effect. This was a bill
which went to put revenue into the treasury for
the purpose of carrying* on the war: the amend-
ment went to keep revenue in the treasury to carry
on the war. And it had been calculated, on suffi-
cient data, that its operation would be to keep
more money in the hands of the Government than
would be brought into them by all the provisions
of the bill. It was perfectly relevant and strictly
in order.
It had been objected to it that it was a proposi-
tion to regulate the salaries of officers of Govern-
ment: be it so. If it were, why riot as well regu-
late salaries ofofliceis as regulate the price of the
public lands? It surely had as much to do with a
revenue bill as graduation had.
Mr. COBB said that, however willing he might
be to go for the object proposed by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Cooke,] he must vote against the appeal he had
taken. That it would save money from going out
®of the treasury was no reason to show it was in
order in a revenue bill. To repeal bills which had
been passed to satisfy private claims would also
keep money in the treasury, and yet would an
amendment for such a purpose be in order? On
the same giound, it would be in order to insert a
section in this bill repealing the light-house bill and
the harbor bill. He thought the decision of the
Chair very correct. This was a bill to raise rev-
enue, not to regulate salaries. Mr. C. was wil-
ling" to tax the pay of members of Congress and
other officers at a proper time. But the true object
of the amendment was sufficiently apparent. It
had been brought forward to prevent action on the
bill—to defeat the bill. He hoped the Hou&e
would meet the question honestly, boldly, fear-
lessly. If Congress was not going to tax the
people for the support of this war, let the bill be
voted down, and let the country see who they were
that were disposed to skulk from meeting the re-
sponsibility of supporting the Government when
engaged in a just and necessary war.
Mr. HOPKINS said that he skulked from no
responsibility which pertained to the discharge of
his public duty He was,entirely willing to.vote
for a tax upon tea and coffee; he was willing to
tax the public lands, and he was willing also to tax
salaries.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] had
said tRat he was ready to tax the pay of members
—but it must be done li at the proper time." That
was a time which never would arrive. The at-
tempt had often been made, but it never bad proved
to be the proper time, and the thingcould never be
done. If there was skulking anywhere, it was
in taxing the pay of members of Congress. That
measure never was and never would be in order.
He thought there never could be a more appro-
priate time to adopt such a measure than in time
of war. This amendment did not touch the small-
er incumbents, but those officers only whose
salaries exceeded a thousand dollars; and these
persons were able to bear it. It was more strictly
appropriate in their case, because Government put
them in possession of the money out of which the
tax was to be paid. Mr. H. denied that he had
any desire to skulk from imposing a tax upon tea
and coffee. He had voted for that tax heretofore,
was ready to vote it now, and should be ready at
all times when it was needed; and he was equally
ready to tax salaries. The amount proposed to
be deducted from the salaries of the well-paid offi -
cers of the Government would produce a large
increase of revenue. An amendment proposing
that increase was strictly in order on a revenue bill.
Mr. H. said he never had skulked from his duty,
and should not begin now. This was the proper
time for such a measure, and the proper manner
of accomplishing it. Mr. H., however, was ready
to vote this bill in almost any form—with this
amendment, or without it. He had no purpose of
embarrassing the action of the House.
Mr. ROOT said he was not going into a discus-
sion of the propriety of raising revenue in one way
or the other, by putting money into the treasury,
or by keeping it in when it was there. The only
question now was, whether such an amendment as
that now proposed to this bill was relevant enough
to be in order. The Chair ruled that it was not.
Mr. R, thought it was. His colleague [Mr.
ThurmanJ had contended that this was a bill
limited to two specific modes of raising revenue,
to wit, by increasing duties on imports, and by re-
ducing the price of the public lands. It was very
true that the Committee of Ways and Means, in
reporting this bill, had proposed those two as pro-
per modes of raising revenue: and the argument
was, that therefore a Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union must not go one
inch beyond the line marked out by one of the
standing committees. This was a limited bill,and,
therefore, this was to be a limited committee. In-
deed ! It really seemed as if some members here
did not regard anything connected with the reve-
nue to be m order that had not received the sanc-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means. The
Committee of Ways and Means had not recom-
mended it; therefore it was out of order. That
was the argument, and the whole argument. The
Committee of Ways and Means could suggest for
the benefit of the revenue whatever it pleased, but a
Committee of the Whole House of Representatives
might not—must not. He supposed if the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had been pleased to
report a tax upon officeholders, oh, then, it would
be quite in order for this committee to agree to it.
To see the futility of such ran argument as that it
was necessary only to state it.
But the gentleman from Georgia had exhorted
them to meet their duty fairly and boldly; and he
contended that the House had as much right to
increase the revenue by repealing bills for private
claimants as to lay a tax upon salaries to effect the
same object. Well, that, to be sure, was " going
it strong." The reason urged against all additions
to the appropriation bills was, that we needed all
the irtoney for the war. If any gentleman dared
.to ask a little money to build a light-house or to
improve a harbor,, he had the Committee of Way
