1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
Mr. RATHBUN appealed from the decision of
the Chair,
The question was put upon the appeal, and the
decision of the Chair reversed: Ayes 83, noes 87.
The question was then put on Mr. Grover's
motion, and it was agreed to: Ayes 94, noes 81.
Mr. YOUNG moved to add a new section to
the bill, viz: " That there shall be imposed and
collected an additional duty of ten per cent, oil
each and every article imported into the United
States which is mentioned in schedule C, in the
act entitled 'An act reducing the duties on imports,
and for other purposes,'approved July 30, 1846."
It was disagreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN moved the following as a sub-
stitute for the bill—it being the original bill, so al-
tered as to impose additional duties on silks, linens,
spirits, wines, cordials, wool, and woollen and
worsted goods, but omitting the section which pro-
poses to graduate the price of the public lands:
" Be it enacted., #c.3 That from and after the 10th of March,
1847, there shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of
twenty par cent, ad valorem on tea and coffee imported
thereafter into the United States from foreign countries.
cc Sec. 2 Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act there shall be levied, collected, and
paid an additional duty of ten per cent, ad valorem on the
following articles thereafter imported into the United States
from foreign countries, namely: loaf and other refined sugar;
coal; b<£r non manufactured by rolling; pig it on; round
iron, as Inaziers' iods, of three-sixteenths to ten sixteenths,
of an inch in diameter, inclusive; nail or spike lvd^ slit,
rolled, or hammeied; sheet iron, (except tagger#';) hoop
iron; band or scroll iion; casement rods, slit, rolled, or
hammered; wood scicws, (of non ;) {-pikes, cut or wiought,
and white and red lead; on ail manufactures of silk, and
of which silk shall be a component pait; on all manufac-
tures of linen or liax,or of which fiax shall be a component
part; on all spirit?-, cordials, wines, and cigars, wool and
woollens, and worsted goods.
" Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That fiom and after
the 10th day of March, 18-17, there ahull be bvied, collccted,
and paid an additional duty of tive per cent, ad valorem on
the following articles impoited thereafter into the United
States from foieign countries, namely: manufactures of
cotton, if dyed, colored, printed, or stained, exceeding in
value thirty cents the square yard; and manufactures of
cotton not dyed, colored, printed, or stained, exceeding in
value twenty rente the square j ard.
u Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the duties im-
posed by this act shall cease two years after the exchange
and latifieation of a treaty ot peace with Mexico: Provided,
That the duties laid by this act s-hall be collected on all such
goods, wares, and merchandise a? have been imporLcd pre-
vious to the day on which said duties arc to cease."
Mr. WICK moved to amend Mr. Hamlin's
substitute by adding thereto the land section of the
original bill, as follows:
" Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all lands belonging
to the UniUd States, which have been in market and sub-
ject to entry lor ten years and not more than fifteen yeais,
may be entered at one dollar per acre; all lands belong-
ing to the United State;, and which have been m maiket
and subject to entry for fitteen years and not more than
twenty-five years, may be entered at seventy-five tents per
acie; and all such lands which have been m market and
subject to nitty for more than twenty-five years may be
entered at fiftv cents pei acre. This section to take effect
from and after the l^t of May, 1847, and to continue in force
only dunng the existing war with Mexico, and for six
months after the ratification of a treaty of peace with her."
The CHAIR ruled the amendment of Mr. Wick
out of order.
Mr. HAMLIN then modified his amendment
by adopting Mr. Wick's proposition as a part of
his substitute, and adding at the end thereof these
words:
Provided, That the benefits of the reduction of the piiee
of the public land* authorized by this act shall extend to
actual settleis and pieeinptors only."
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to strike out the
first section of the substitute, so far as it applied
to tea and coffee.
This motion was agreed to—ayes 94, noes 83;
and by it the remainder of the first section, be-
came a part of the second section, so as to make
the two form the first section of the substitute
bill.
Mr. GROVER then moved to strike out the
land section of the substitute, viz: the last section,
which had been accepted by Mr.,Hamlin at the
suggestion of Mr. Wick. This motion was also
agreed to—ayes 114, noes not counted.
The substitute as thus amended was then agreed
to, and the committee rose and reported the bill as
amended; that is, the above substitute, as moved
by Mr. Hamlin, but divested of the tax on tea
and coffee, and of the section which proposed to
graduate the price of the public lands.
Mr. RATHBUN moved the previous question.
Mr. ALBERT SMITH moved to lay the bill
on the table; which question was decided in the
negative, by yeas and nays, as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barrringer, Bell,
Milton Brown, Buffington, William W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, CoJlamer,
Cottreli, Cranston, Crozier, Dargan, Darragh, GarretLDavis,
Delano, Dixon, Dockery, John Ii. Ewmg, Edwin H. Swing,
Foot, Gentry, Giddingo, Graham, Grinnell, Hale, Hampton,
Harper, Henry, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Hous-
ton, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King, Thomas
Butler King, Lewis, .Long, McGaughey, McHenry, Mell-
vaine, Marsh, Miliar, Moseley, Newton, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Ripley, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk,
Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, A. Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Tuibodaux, Thoma^son,
Benj. Thompson, "Klden, Tiumbo, Vance, Vinton, White,
Winthrop, Wright, and Young—7b.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed
inger, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A. Black, jBow-
don, Bowhn, Boyd, Biinkerhoff, Brockeribrough, Brodnead,
William G. Brown, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reu-
ben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cui-
lom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dun lap, Ed^all, Eliot. Eils-
vvoith, Erdman,Fai m, Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles,
Goort>ear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Hannanson, Hat4yigs,
Henley, Hose, Hopkins, Hough, Geoige S. Houston, Ed-
mund W. llubard, Hung.-rfoid, James D. Iluut, Hunter,
Charles J. Ingersoll, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johmon,
George W.Jones, Soaborn Jones, Kaufman,Kennedy,Law-
rence, Leake, Letfier, La Seie, Levin, Ligun, Lumpkin,
Maclay, McClean, McClelland, MoCk iii.uhI, McCiate, Mc-
Daniel, Jo.-eph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay,
John P. Maitin, Barkley Maitin, Moms Morse, Moulton,
Nivon, Not ns, Owen, Parush, Pa\ ne, PerriU, Perty, Phelps,
PilUbury, Reid, Relfe, Rittei, Robotts, Ru.-*ell, Sawtelle,
S iwyer, Scaimnon, Sediiou, Alexander D. Sun?-. Leonaul
H. Sims, T. Smith, Robert Smith, Stinton, Starkweather,
Sttorig, Sykes, J<unes Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thur-
man, Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway, Wentwoith, Whc-aton,
Wick, Williams, Wood, Woodiulf, Woodward, Wood-
worth, and Yo&t—126.
The previous question was then ordered; and the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole (the
substitute bill) was agreed to by the following
vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barnngcr,
Bell, Benton, Brinkerboff, Milton Brown, Buffington, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John 11. Campbell, Carroll, John G.
Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Cummins, ,
Darragh, Garrett Da vis, Delano, De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, [
Dockery, Dunlap, Ellsworth, John II Ewmg, Pi II. Ewmg, |
Foot, Gentiy, Guiding*, Good>ear, Giaham, Giinnell, Gto- i
ver, Hale, flamlui, Hampton, Hatpcr, Henry, Hoge, E B. |
Holme-, J. W. Ilou-ton, K. D. Hubbaid, Hudson, Huugt'r- j
lord, Washington llunt, Joseph R. Ingeisoll, Jenkins, An-!
diew Johnson, 1) P. King, l'rcston King, Thomas Butler j
King, Le\ in, Lewis., Long. MeCiate, Jos*, ph J. Mi Do well, i
MeGaughey, Melleniy, Mcllvaine, Mar-h, Millei, Mosrley, !
Newton, Niven, Peiry, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ripley,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Hoot, Runk, Russell,
Sawtclle, Scammon. Schenck, Seaman. Savotanee, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith. Caleb B. Smith, Suwart, Strohm,
Sykes, Tlnbodaux, Thomas-on, Benj. Thompson, Tilden,
Trumbo, Vance, Vmton, Wentwoith, Wlieaton, White,
Williams, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood, Woodruff, Wnght,
and Young—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
mgei, Btge>. James Black, James A. Black, Bowdon,
Bmvlin, Bojd, Brockeribrough,Brodhead, Wm.G. Brown,
Cathcart, A. A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chip-
man, Clarke, Cobb, Collin. CotlrHI, Cullom, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dargan, Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Eidman,
Faran, Ficklm, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Gordon, Hai-
manson, Hastings, Henley, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins
Hough, Geoige S. Houston, E. W. Hubard, James B. Hunt,
Hunter, C. J. Inger.-oll, James IT. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
G. W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Law-
rence, Leake, Leiller, La Sere, Iagon, Lumpkin, Maclay,
McClean, MeClellnnd, McCU rnand, McDamel, Tamo Mc-
Dowell, McKay, John P. Maitin, B. Mat tin, Morns. Moise,
Moulton, Norris, Owen, Pairish, Payne, Perrill, Phelps,
Pjll<bury, Reid, Relfe, Ritrcr, Robeits, Sawver, Scddori, A.
D. Sims, L. H. Suns, Simpson,Thomas Smith, Robeit Smith,
Stanton, Staikwealner. Stiong, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway, Wick,
Woodward, Woodwoiill, and Yost—103.
The question now being on ordering the bill, as
amended, to a third reading—
Mr. CUMMINS moved to reconsider the vote
on the said amendment.
Mr. J. P. MARTIN moved that the House do
now adjourn. Disagreed to.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on reconsideung the said vote, and decided in the
negative: Yeas 104, nays 105.
YEAS—Messrs Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bedin-
eer Big"?, James Black, James A. Black, Bowdon, Bowhn,
Bovd, Brockenbrough, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Cath-
cart Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chip-
man', Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cottreli, Cullom, Cummins, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Dargan, Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoole,
Ellett Eidman, Faian, Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles,
Gordon, Hannanson, Hastings, Henlev. IJoge, I- E. Holmes,
Hopkins Hough, G. S. Houston, E. W. Hubard, James B.
Hunt Hunter, C. J. Ingersoll, J. H. Johnson, Joseph John-
son Geoige W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy,
Lea'ke, Leffler.La Sere, Ligon,Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean,
McClelland, McClemand, McDanie), James McDowell,
McKav John P. Martin. Barkley Martin, Morris, Morwc,
Moulton, Norns, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Perrill, Phelps,
Pillsbury Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Sawyer, Seddon,*
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Strong, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Towns*
Tredway, Wick, Woodward, and Wood worth—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barrmger, Bell,
Benton, Brmkerhotf, Milton Brown, Buffington, Wra. W.
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman,
Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Darragh,Garrett Davis,
Delano, De Mott, Dillmgham, Dixon, Dockery, Dunlap,
Edsali, Ellsworth, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewmg, Foot,
Gentry, Guldings, Goodyear, Graham, Grmnell, Grover,
Hale, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Henry, Hilliard, Elias B.
Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thomas
Butler King, Levin, Lewis, Long, McCrate, Joseph J. Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller,
Moselcy, Newton, Niven, Perry, Pollock, Ramsey, Rath-
bun, Ripley, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Runk, Sawtelle, Scaimnon, Schenck, Seaman, Severance#
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart,
Strohm, Sykes, Tlnbodaux,Thomasson, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Tilden, Ti umbo, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wliea-
ton, White, Williams, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood, Wood-
ruff, Wnght, Young, and Yost—105.
Mr. BOYD asked the Speaker if his vote w<mJd
alter the result. >
The SPEAKER replied that it would not.
Mr McKAY moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order,
it having been oncc before made, since the previous
question was moved, and rejected.
The bill, as amended in Committee of the
Whole, was then ordered to be engrossed, and
was engrossed and read a third time.
The question was stated, Shall the bill pass?
when Mr. BRINKERHOFF mo\ed the previous
question.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved that the House
adjourn. Disagreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question then ordered, viz: Shall the bill
pass ?
The question was decided by yeas and nays as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Bell, James Black, Brinkerhoff,
Brodhead, Buflinglon, John H. Campbell; Canoll, Cathcart,
Collamei, Crozier, Cummin*, Darrngh, De Motr, Dilling-
ham, Divon, Ed«all, Ellsworth, Erdman, John U. Ewmg,
Faran, Foot, Fo-tor, Gaivin, Goodjcai, Grover, Hamlm,
Henley, Elias B. Holmes, Hungeitord, Chailc.- J. Ingersoll,
Joseph R Ingersoll, Jenkins, Preston King, Levin, Lewis,
Long, MeClcan, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell, Mcllvaine,
Mai>h, Newton, Niven, Peiry, Pollock, Ilamsev, R.ithliun,
Relfe, Julius Rockwell, Siuvtelle, Scammon, Seveiance,
Tiuman Smith, Albert Smith, Stewait, Strohm, Sykes,
James Thompson, Trumbo, Wentwoith, Whcaton. White,
Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Young, and Yo-t—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ashmun, At-
kinson, Rarnnger, Baylv, Bedinger, Benton, Biggs, James
A. Black, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Biockenbrough, Milton
Brown, William G. Brown, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin,
Cotircil, Cranston, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan,
Giuiett Davis, Delano, Dobbin, Dockery, Dromgoole, Ellet,
Edwin H. Ewmg, Ficklin, Fries, Gentry, Gitld'ings, Giles,
Gordon, Graham, Grmnell, Hale, Hampton, Harmanson,
Harper, Hastings, Henry, Hilliard, Hoge, Isaac E. Tlolmes,
Hopkins, Hough, John W. Houston, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Ilnbaid, Samuel D. Hubbaid, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Hunter, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Daniel P.King, Thomas
Butler King. Lawience, Lenke, Leffier, La Sere, Ligon,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McCJelland, MeClcrnanri, McT)ani< 1,
James McDowell, McGaughey, McHenry, M^Kay, John P.
Martin, Baikley Martin, Miller, Morns, Morse, Moseley,
Moulton, Norris, Owen, Parnsh, Payne, Perrill, Phelps,
Pillsburv, Reid, Ritter, Roberta, John A Rockw<?l], Root,
Runk, Sawyer, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Alexander D.
Sims Leonard H. Suns, Simpson, Caleb B. Smith, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Strong, Tlnbodaux, Benjamin Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatt-, Tilden, Towns, Tiedwaj,
Vance, Vinton, Wick. Wmthiop, Woodruff, Woodward,
Woodworth, and Wright—130.
vSo the hill was rejected.
Mr. ROOT moved to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WOODWORTH moved that the House
adjourn. Disagreed to.
The question was then put on Mr.WEWTWORTH's
motion, and it was agreed to, and the motion to
reconsider was laid on the table.
The following communication was received from
the President of the United States in the course of
the day, and read:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I communicate herewith a report of (he Secretary of War,
with the accompanying documents,in answer to the lesotu-
tion of the Hon«e of Representatives of the 1st instant, re-
que^tin" the President "to communicate to the House of
' Representatives all the correspondence with General Tav-
{lor since the commencement of hostilities with Mexico,
' which has not yet been published, or which may not be
< deemed detrimental to the public service: also, the corre-
' snondcnce ofthe Quartcrma&ter General in relation to trans-
< portation for General Taylor's army ; also, the reports of
