1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill was then, by unanimous consent, read
a third time, and passed.
USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. WESTCOTT, frem the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill from the House
in addition to an amendment of the several acts to
promote the progress of the useful arts, reported
thereon, with a resolution that the consideration
thereof be postponed until the next session; which
was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OP CONFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the con erence asked
by the House oi Representatives on th<" disagreeing votes of
the two Houses 011 the bill making appropriations for the
naval service for the 3 ear ending June 30, J848.
Mr. Huntington, Mr. Fairfield, and Mr.
Butler, were appointed.
THREE MILLION BILL.
On motion by- Mr. SEVIER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration, as in committee of the
whole, of the bill making further appropriations to
bring the existing war to a speedy and honorable
conclusion.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON being entitled to the floor,
rose and addressed the Senate at considerable
length in opposition to the bill. [His remarks will
be given in the Appendix in full, as it is imposible,
owing to the multiplicity of business, to present
any accurate sketch of them in time for publication
among the regular proceedings.]
SUSPENSION OF THE JOINT RULE.
A resolution was then adopted to .suspend the
operation of the joint resolution relative to the
transmission of original bills from one House to
the other on the last three days of the session.
INTRODUCTION OF GAS INTO THE CAPITOL.
Mr. PEARCE submitted a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of
the House to contract with James Crutchett, to light
the Capitol and public grounds with gas; which
was read twice by unanimous consent.
The Senate then took a recess from four until
six o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate, having reassembled, proceeded to
the consideration of the resolution ottered on Sat-
urday, by Mr. Moreiiead, giving the usual extra
compensation to the clerks and messengers of the
Senate, which was amended and adopted.
PHI V ATE ETtS.
The Senate passed the bill from the House for
the punishment of piracy, &c.
THREE MILLION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
three million bill.
Mr. PEARCE opened the debate by an elabo-
rate historical review of the early settlements of
Texas, and the Spanish and French titles to that
province and adjacent territory, in order to contro-
vert the position assumed by the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Soule,] a few days since.
[Mr. P.'s speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. D1X then rose and said:
Mr. Presidj&nt: I intended to address the Sen-
ate on the general subject of the war; but being
always more ready to listen than to speak, I have
given way to others, who were desirous of pre-
senting their views to the Senate. And I have
done so with pleasure, because I knew that they
were much more capable than myself of enlighten-
ing the judgment of the Senate on the questions
before it. 1 have thought the occasion an appro-
priate one for recurring to the principles on which
our Government was founded; of reviewing its
progress; of entering into a critical survey of our
position as a nation, for the purpose of estimating
intelligently our responsibilities to ourselves and
others; of seeing wherein our strength consists;
and of determining by what course of policy the
permanent interests of the country are most likely
to be promoted. Tf I do not mistake prevailing
indications, an opportunity may be afforded here-
after for such a review, and fene fully as appropri-
ate as the present. I pass by all these grave con-
siderations. I rise for the purpose of saying a '
few words in respect to the position taken by the
non-slaveholding States concerning the acquisition
of territory, and the admission of future States |
into the Union—a position taken "by resolutions j
541
passed by the Legislatures of nine of these States.
This question is presented by the bill passed by
the House, and now awaiting the action of the
Senate. It has been largely discussed on both
sides. New York is one of the States, by which
resolutions relating to the. question have been
adopted. Her course, as well as that of other
States, has been the subject of censure here. As
one of her representatives on this floor, I wish to
say something in her vindication, and in reference
to the vote I may be called on to give, probably at
too late an hour for discussion. And, in the first
place, 1 desire to state what I understand to be the
rights of the original parties to the Constitution, in
respect to the subject of slavery within their own
limits.
The Constitution of the United States recognised
the existence of slavery in the thirteen original
States, which were parties to that compact. The
recognition was not in direct terms, but by force
of certain stipulations designed to provide for exi- j
gencies, which were the consequences of its exist- [
ence. These stipulations are binding upon all the !
members of the Union—as well those which were
so originally as those which have since been ail- ;
muted into it. Whatever opinions may be enter- !
tamed with regaul to the political or social influ- ,
cnccs of shivery, the obligations of those who live
under the protection of the Constitution to cairy :
out ill good faith all its stipulations is too plnm to
admit of doubt or controversy. It is a solemn ob-
ligation, therefore, to leave the States in which
slavery exists unmolested, and free to deal with it
according to their own interests and conceptions of
duty.
_ Such I understand to be the rights and obliga-
tions of the States, which were the original parties
to the Federal compact; and they belong equally
to those who have since become parties to it. j
I pass to the consideration of admitting new States |
into the Union with slavery. Whether an or- i
ganized State, formed from territory not belonging ■
to the United States, or, 111 other woids, whether !
a foreign State shall be admitted into the Union at i
all, is a problem which may be determined (waiv- |
nig all questions of constitutional power) upon gen- i
eral considerations of expediency, without legard !
to the particular conditions 011 which it is proposed
to be received. The admission of Texas is the
only case of this kind which has occuied since the
adoption of the Constitution. Slavery existed in
that republic at the time of the admission, and we !
did not require that it should be abolished. It is
true the compromise line adopted on the adjust-
ment of the Missouri question was fixed as one of
the conditions of the admission. Slavery was pro-
hibited north of 36° 30' north latitude. But it is
equally true, I believe, that there was no settle-
ment then, if there is now, in that part of Texas
which lies noith of the parallel of latitude referied i
to. There was no slavery to be abolished. It i
was an uninhabited wilderness. I believe it to i
be true, also, that Texas, notwithstanding the fun-
damental condition on which she was admitted into
the Union—that slavery should not exist above
36° 30'—has extended to her whole territory, with-
out reservation, the provisions of her constitution
in respect to slavery; one of which is, that "the
' Legislature shall have no power to pass laws for :
' the emancipation of slaves without the consent of '
' their owners, nor without paying their owners,
' previous to such emancipation, a full equivalent,
' in money, for the slaves so emancipated."
The reasonings which prevailed with some of
those, who voted for the admission of Texas, j
without further restriction, are all resolvable into
the single fact, that slavery existed in that repub- (
lie. We took it as we found it, The same rea- !
sonings applied to the acquisition of foreign terri- j
tory, m which slavery does not exist, demand that
it shall be received as we find it, and that we shall
so maintain it as long as it continues to be terri- !
tory. If it shall be at any time thereafter orga- j
mzed into a State, and admitted into the Union, it 1
is entitled to come in with all the political rights
of the original States, and, therefore, free to deter- :
mine for itself what its forms of organization, po-
litical or social, shall be, provided they are not
inconsistent with the obligations of the fundamen- 1
tal compact between the States, or with any stipu-
lation or compromise in respect to the territory \
from which it is formed. If slavery exists when
a State comes into the Union, it may be subse- ,
quently abolished in such form as the constitution 1
or laws of the State prescribe for expressing the
sovereign will or assent. On the other hand,"if
slavery does not exist when a State comes into the
Union, it may be subsequently established by the
act of the State, without violating any provision of
the Federal Constitution. This freedom of action
is inseparable from the sovereignty of the State,
and there is no authority to control it by Federal
laws.
I have thus stated what I understand to be the
conceded rights of the States in respect to this sub-
ject. I admit, to the fullest extent, the exclusive
control of each State ov^r the subject, within its
own jurisdiction. I admit the right of the States
to be exempt from every species of intermeddling
or interference withm their own limits. I have
always acted in conformity with this admission.
I introduced resolutions in the first meeting ever
held at the North in opposition to the movements
of the Abolitionists. The meeting was held iii.
Albany in 1835, and its proceedings not only met
with the approbation of a large portion of the peo-
ple ol the non-slaveholding States of all parties,
but 1 believe they met also with the approbation
oi the whole South. They were founded upon the
principle I have already stated—perfect freedom in
each State, under the guarantees of the Constitu-
tion, to determine for itself, without external inter-
ference, whether it will abolish, continue, or estab-
lish slavery within its own limits.
I return again, for an instant, to the question of
acquiring new territory, as territory belonging to
other independent nations. We have done so in
two instances—by the purchase of Louisiana in
1803, and Florida in 1820. Slavery existed in
both; and, at the time of acquiring them, no pro-
vision was made for abolishing or restraining it.
They were, in this respect, taken as they were
found. I refer to these cases, to show that there
has been no interference with slavery by those
who are opposed to it in principle, where it has
actually existed, when acquiring new territory,
and that they have been willing on such occasions
to leave it to the silent influences of the moral and
physical causes, which must ultimately determine
its limits, both in point of time and geographical
extent.
A higher question than any ever yet presented
to us is made by this bill. It proposes an appro-
priation of money to purchase territory from Mex-
ico—a measure of which I approve. I am in favor
of the appropriation and the purchase. I have
always been in favor of acquiring California on
just terms. Its ports on the Pacific ocean would
be invaluable to us, and they are of little use to
Mexico.
By a fundamental law of the Mexican republic,
slavery is prohibited throughout its political juris-
diction. I know it has been assumed that slavery
exists in Mexico; but I believe it will be found
that the assertion has been made without sufficient
consideration. It is not denied that slavery is for-
ever prohibited by the constitution of Mexico.
The prohibition was,! believe, first proclaimed by
President Guerrero in 1829; it has since been in-
grafted upon the constitution. I am aware that
barbarous usages, established under the Spanish
rule, still continue, and among them some which
enforce the collection of debts by personal restraint
of the debtor. But they do not exceed in barbarity
the laws of some of the States, in which debt was,
until very recently, and is perliaps now, treated as
a crime, and punished by imprisonment. The old
colonial usages of Mexico do no more than to com-
pel a debtor to pay his debt by labor, and give the
cieditor a control over his person until it is paid.
In tiie city of Mexico, if a common laborer owes
money, his creditor may send him to a bakery,
and keep him there until he has paid his debt. It
is a usage of the place. The peonts, as they are
termed, are common laboreis. The term was, I
believe, originally deiived fiom Asia. It was in
vogue in the early periods of the Spanish dominion
in Mexico. In the second despatch of Fernando
Cortez to the Emperor Charles V., (the first is not
extant,) in the original Spanish, he speaks of his
departure from Vera Cruz with fifteen horse, and
" trescientos peones"—three hundred foot-soldiers.
The military application of the term is obsolete
in Mexico, and it is now applied, I believe, exclu-
sively to common laborers. They constitute, per-
haps, a thud of the poplation of the republic. Multi-
tudes of them labor on the large estates (haciendas)
for their daily bread; and if they become indebted
