1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
If the principle by which the non-slaveholding
States have been governed in acquiring territory
is acquiesced in, this question may be settled in a
moment, and without agitation. Let the territory,
if any is acquired, be taken as it is found—with
the provision of the Mexican constitution abolish-
ing slavery forever. Apply to it the principle which
was applied to Florida and Texas. The non-
slaveholding States have never refused to acquire
territory with slavery where it actually existed.
Let the South not refuse now to take free territory
where slavery does not exist, and leave it free.
We are told that slavery must not be excluded
from the territories, because ^emigrants from the
southern States can not go there with their property,
or, in other words, their slaves, and that this would
be "an entire exclusion of the slaveholdingStates."
Sir, I do not so understand it. It is not exclusion
to the slaveholder, nor is it exclusion to the free
laborer of the South who owns no slaves. The
slaveholder who emigrates to territory where sla-
very does not exist may employ free labor. The
free laborer of the South who emigrates to free tem- i
tory is surely not injured in his condition. It is
not so with the free laborer of the North in re-
spect to slave territory. He will not go where he
is compelled to toil side by side with the slave.
He is as effectually excluded as he would be by a
positive prohibition. He will not emigrate with
ins property to territory open to slaves. The
property of the free laborer is in himself—in his
powers of exertion, his capacity for endurance, in
the labor of his hands. To him these are of as much
value as the property which the master has in his
slaves. I am not very familiarly acquainted with
the internal condition of the southern States; but
I suppose there is a very numerous class in them,
especially in Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina,
Kentucky, and Missouri—I mean the non-slave-
holdmg free laborers—who will be benefited by
providing that territory, which is free when ac-
quired, shall remain free. I think I am not mis-
taken in supposing this class to be far more nu-
merous in some, if notall the States I have named,
than the class holding slaves. Ami mistaken in
supposing, free labor is a powerful, if not a dom-
inant, interest in the States referred to? "Wherever
free labor has gone forth on this continent, the for-
est has bowed before it; towns and villages have
sprung up like magic in its track; canals, railroads,
and busy industry, in all its imaginable forms,
have marked its progress; civilization,in its high-
est attributes, follows it; knowledge and religion
go with it hand in hand. Obliterate everything
else, and you may trace its march by the school-
house, sowing broadcast the seeds of intelligence,
and the spire, " losing itself in air, as if guiding
the thoughts of man to Heaven." Sir, I speak of
free labor everywhere—m the South as well as the
North. Even on the hypothesis of an equality in
the claims of free and slave labor, (which I do not
admit,) the argument in favor of taking this terri-
tory as we find it, appears to me unanswerable.
Zvlr. President, 1 would not have voted to con-
nect the proviso in the bill passed by the House,
and now awaiting the action of the Senate, with
any measure for the prosecution of the war. My
State would not have desired it. The resolutions
of the Legislature are in favor of all proper meas-
ures for the prosecution of the war. From the
commencement of the war, my honorable colleague
and myself have sustained all measures recom-
mended by the Administration for carrying it on;
and as .a member of the Committee on Military
A (Fairs, I have had some share in maturing them.
1 have voted for the pecuniary means asked for,
the number and description of troops which were
deemed necessary for the purpose, and a com-
manding general for the armies in Mexico, with a
rank in some degree commensurate with the nu-
meticd.1 force to be combined, and moved in com-
bination. I have opposed all propositions to clog
military bills with extraneous matter, thus post-
poning our action upon them at a critical period in
the campaign. The bill under consideration is of
a diiFerent character. It is a proposition to pur-
chase territory. My friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Sevier,]
with his characteristic frankness and directness of
purpose—qualities as honorable m a legislator as
they are in a man—has gone so far as to indicate
the extent of the acquisition which, in his opinion,
we ought to expect—California and New Mexico.
The object, then, is not m doubt, It is avowedly
to acquire foreign territory. Under these circum-
stances, is it not appropriate to know on what
terms foreign territory shall become territory of
the United States, when on these terms may de-
pend the propriety of applying the public treasure
to make the purchase ? The Legislature of New
York so considered it. The questions of time and
circumstances were fully discussed before the adop-
tion of the resolutions. The proposition under dis-
cussion is not a measure for the prosecution of the
war. It was not deemed an indispensable peace
measure; for when the pecuniary claims are all on
our side, an appropriation of money necessarily
contemplates objects beyond that of making peace.
I say this injustice to the New York Legislature, as
well as its Representatives in Congress, who were,
with a single exception, unanimous in favor of the
proviso. If it shall fail to receive the sanction of the
Senate now, it must again arise on any proposition
to acquire new territory, and arise m a form in
which a decision cannot be avoided. It will be
sustained with greater unanimity; for those who
now hesitate on the point of time, or from a natu-
ral desire to postpone the settlement of embarras-
sing issues, will be found m its favor.
Whatever doubt may have been entertained
heretofore with regard to the necessity of making
the declaration contained in the proviso, I think
there can be none now. It is distinctly assumed,
that there is no power under the Constitution to
prohibit slavery in the Territories. While it is
contended that there is power under the Consti-
tution to acquire slave territory, and to introduce
stave States into the Union, it is denied that there
is any authority to restrain or prohibit slavery m
free territory. AVe have gone on and introduced
into the Union all the slave territory on this con-
tinent; and when we reach free territory, we are
told that the extension of tiie provisions of the
Constitution to it renders it, ipso facto, by virtue of
the compromises of the Constitution, open to sla-
very. According to this construction, the extension
of our Constitution and laws to any portion of the
Mexican territory, either by conquest or peaceful
acquisition, overturns the local law, overturns the
provision of the constitution of Mexico, which de-
clares slavery to be forever prohibited. Mr. Pres-
ident, is this the true mterpieUUion of the Consti-
tution under which we live ? Is it armed with full
power to bring slave temtory into the Union, but
void of all power to bring in free territoiy, and
maintain it free > Is this the Government, to use
the language of Jefferson, our fathers fought for?
The construction referred to would establish as a
fundamental provision of the acquisition of new
territory that it shall be open to slavery, even
though free when acquired. Sir, I have not time,
at this late period of the session, to discuss this
question with the deliberation and care its im-
portance demands. But a future occasion may
come, and I will not shrink from the discussion.
1 have heard with great regret the dissolution of
the Union spoken of in connexion with this meas-
ure. I can hardly think those who so connect the
two subjects are aware of the position in which
they place themselves. It is virtually declaring,
that unless we will consent to bring free territory
into the Union, and leave it open to the extension
of slavery, the Union shall be dissolved. Our
southern friends have heretofore stood upon the
ground of defence: of maintaining slavery within
their own limits against mteifercnce from without.
The ground of extension is now taken, and of ex-
tending slavery upon free territory. I cannot be-
lieve this position will be sustained by the south-
ern States. It is new ground, and it is taken with
avowals which are calculated to spread surprise
and alarm throughout the non-slaveholding States.
The course of the non-slaveholding States under
these new developments will, I doubt not, be steady
and firm. No State will stand by the Union with a
more inflexible determination to maintain it than
New York—none will adhere more tenaciously to
all the obligations of the Constitution. And yet,sir,
none could hope for a higher career of prosperity,
if the States were to be dissevered. In eighteen
years, her entire debt, under the provisions of her
new constitution, will be paid, and she will be left
with an annual surplus income of at least three
; millions of dollars from her internal improvements,
after defraying all the expenses of her government.
I Standing, as she does, on the line of commetcial
; intercourse between the Atlantic and the great
! lakes, with the rich and productive States ^order-
ing on them, the addition of the custom-house-to
her internal channels of communication,'would
make her the wealthiest community, in proportion
to her population, within the pale of civilization
She would be an empire in herself. But she scorns
to enter into an estimate of these advantages. She
will not " calculate the value of the Union." She
prefers to stand, as she does, on the same footing
with the smallest of the States, herself the most
populous and powerful, rather than to stand fore-
most and preeminent in the field of disunion. In
whatever manner this question shall be decided*
she will be found on the side of the Union, not "to
resist dismemberment by force—for disunion is
better than intestine war—but to contribute by her
influence and her counsels to uphold the fabric of
the federative system.
Mr. President, I regret to hear either disunion
or civil war spoken of in connexion with this meas-
ure. But, I repeat, the former is to be preferred
to the latter. In wars waged with foreign coun-
tries, deplorable as they always are, there are some
moral fruits which atone, in a slight degree, for
their accompanying evils. There is the sense of
national honor, the parent of high achievement;
the sentiment of patriotic devotion to the country,
which shrinks from no labor or sacrifice in the
public cause; and the feeling of mutual sympathy
and dependence, which pervades and unites all
classes in the hour of adversity and peril. Far as
they are overbalanced by the domestic bereavement
and the public evil which war always brings in its
train, they serve to purify the thoughts of some-
thing of their selfishness, by turning them away
from the sordid channels in which they are too apt
to run. But civil war has no ameliorations. It
is pure unmixed demoralization. It dissolves all
national and domestic ties. It renders selfishness
more odious, by wedding it to hatred and cruelty.
The after generation, which reaps the bitter harvest
of intestine war, is scarcely less to be commisera-
! ted than that by whose hands the poisonous seed is
| sown. Less, far less than these, would be the evils
f of disunion.
i But, sir, we shall have neither. The interests, the
i feelings, the good sense of the country, all revolt
j at internal dissension in every form. If this ques-
' tion shall be decided against the non-slaveholding
States; if their voice shall be unheeded; New York
will not, for that reason,listen to any suicidal project
of dismemberment. No, sir; no. By no agency
of hers shall the fraternal bonds which unite her
to her sisters be rent asunder. Their destiny, what-
ever it may be, shall be also hers. Be it for evil
or for good, she will cling to them to the last. But
I say for her, and in her name, and I believe I do
not misunderstand her resolutions, that she ran
never consent to become a party to the extension
of slavery to free territory on this contirt^it. If it
is to be extended to new areas—areas now conse-
crated to free labor—the work must be done by
other hands than hers; and she must leave it to
time and to the order of Providence to determine
what shall be the legitimate fruits of measures
which she believes to be wrong, and to which she
can never yield her assent.
Mr. CORWIN rose to explain the motives
which influenced him in giving his vote, on a for-
mer occasion, on a bill similar to the one before the
Senate, to which allusion had been made by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. J. M. Clayton,] in
the course of his speech to-day. The vote of the
preceding session, he believed, was almost, if not
altogether, unanimous. It was the fitst of the
series of bills passed at that time, and passed speed-
ily. He admitted that he voted for that bill—he
voted for it under the circumstances in which it
was presented to the Senate. They were officially
advised that our arryiy had been ordered by the
President to march from the position it had occu-
pied on the Nueces to the Rio Grande. This order
| was given by the President, the commander-in-
chief, and the army was not at liberty to disobey.
They were also informed that hostilities had been
commenced between us and Mexico. At that time,
General Taylor had under his command certainly
not exceeding three thousand men—his impression
was, that General Taylor had not more than two
thousand five hundred men. They were informed
at the same time, in the same document which
came to them from the President—if it were not
so he hoped he should be corrected—or through
other channels, that the Mexican force amounted
to eight thousand men; some statements mad« it a
