1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
very "in the District of Columbia; for its exciu-
4 sion fioru Oiegon and other Territories, that now,
4 or at any time hereafter, may belong to the Uni-
4 ted States."
By the Legislature of Rhode Island,(t against
4 the acquisition of territory by conquest or other-
4 wise, beyond the present limits of the United
* States, for the purpose of establishing therein
4 slaveholding States," &c.
J3y the Legislature of New York, " that if any
4 terntory is hereafter acquired by the United States,
* or annexed thereto, the act by which such ten i-
4 tory is acquired or amtexed, whatever such act
* may be, should containan unalterable fundamen-
4 tal article or provision, whereby slavery or invol-
4 untary servitude, except as a punishment for
* crime, shall be forever excluded from the terri-
* tory acquired or annexed."
By the Legislature of New Jersey, " that the
4 Senators, &c., be requested to use their best ef-
4 forts to secure as a fundamental provision to, or !
* proviso in, any act of annexation of any territory :
4 hereafter to be acquired by the United States,
4&c.; that slavery or involuntary servitude, ex-
4 cept as a punishment for crime, shall be forever
' excluded from the territory to be annexed."
By the Legislature of Pennsylvania, ''against
4 any measure whatever, by which territory will
' accrue to the Union, unless as a part of the fun-
4 damental law, upon which any compact or treaty,
'fortius purpose is based, slavery or involuntary
4 servitude, except for crime, shall be forever ex-
4 eluded."
By the Legislature of Ohio, for " the passage of
4 measures in that body, (Congress,) providing for
4 the exclusion of slavery from the territory of
i Oregon, and also from any other territory, that
4 now is, or hereafter may be, annexed to thcUni-
4 ted States."
By the Legislature of Michigan, " that in the
4 acquisition of any new territory, whether by pur-
1 chase, conquest, or otherwise, we deem it the
4 duty of the General Government to extend over
4 the same the ordinance of seventeen hundred and
4 eighty-seven, with all its rights and privileges,
4 conditions and immunities."
Now, sir, it is obvious, that these resolutions,
either by their phraseology or by their object, look
to some permanent "provision,'* "fundamental
" articleor " condition," by which slavery
should be forever excluded from the territory in
question. Six of them very clcarly so. Two of
them, however—those of New Hampshire and
Ohio—are more general, and this proviso would
perhaps meet their requisitions. But ccrtain it is,
that if adopted to day, it could be repealed to-mor-
row, and that it is destitute of any characteristic of
permanence. It might leave as little durable im-
pression upon the statute book, as writing upon
wfter, which disappears the moment it is traced
there.
Mr. MILLER said he did not rise to inflict a
speech upon the Senate at this late hour of the
ni°*ht; his only object in rising was to express his
surprise and regret, in which he believed the coun-
try would partake, at the opinions and views which
had been just advanced by the Senator from Michi-
gan. [Mr. Cass.]
At the last session, when a bill similar to the one
now under consideration was before the Senate, it
was generally understood here that the Senator
was in favor of retaining in that bill the Wilmot
proviso "-—the same as that now offered by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Upham.] It is true,
that for want of time, the Senator had not then an
opportunity to give his vote; yet his opinions were
undisguised, and he openly avowed his anxiety to
vote in favor of the proviso. The position of the
Senator upon this great question was not only un-
derstood here, but his friends throughout thelN'orth
held him up as one of the great champions of hu-
man liberty, as the uncompromising opponent to
the extension of the institutions of slavery into
territories where it did not exist. In addition to
this, the Senator had at this very session presented
to the Senate the resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Michigan, in which it is declared,
44 That in the acquisition of any new territory,
4 whether by purchase, conquest, or otherwise, we
4 deem it the duty of the General Government to
' extend over the same the ordinance of 1787, with
4 all us rights and privileges, conditions, and im-
* munities."
At the time when the Senator presented that
resolution, he said nothingto indicate that he had,
in any way, changed his opinions upon this im-
portant subject; and he (Mr. M.) took it for grant-
ed that the Senator would sustain the opinions of
his own Democratic Legislature—seeing that they
so fully accorded with those which the Senator had
before them expressed for himself. But, sir, the
Senator has disappointed us all: he neither agrees
with his Legislature nor with himself. He has
just declared his intention to vote against the Wil-
mot proviso. He is not willing to extend the great
principle of liberty contained in the ordinance of j
1787 over the territory which may be acquired by :
purchase or conquest in Mexico. The honorable
Senator had, no doubt, weighty reasons for this ]
change of his views and course upon a subject of
such deep interest to the country. But the Senator
had omitted altogether to give to the country those
reasons, and he (Mr. M.) would therefore most
respectfully inquire of the Senator why it was that
he had become the opponent of a measure at this
session, which measure he had been so anxious to
support by his vote at the last session? No doubt
the Senator had good reasons to justify this appa- i
rent inconsistency: but he had not favored the j
Senate with them. The reasons assigned by the ;
Senator for his vote now are, that we are in war;
J and that the proviso, if adopted, would prevent
j the acquisition of any territory. Both these rea-
! sons existed at the last session—the former with
j greater force than now; for at that time, we did
li not know the objects of the Executive in making
: and carrying on the war against Mexico. They
j are now avowed, and we all understand his object
| to be acquisition of Mexican territory, to be an-
I nexed to the Union. The purpose of the bill now
' before us was to aid in the accomplishment of that
object. The design of the present bill was to
acquire territory by treaty. The Senator from
Michigan is in favor of the acquisition.
Now was the fit occasion, if the Senator desired
to embrace it, to give to the territory so to be ac-
quired, the benefits of the ordinance of 1787, accord-
ing to the resolutions of the Legislature of Michi-
gan. To sustain himself in the course he has
thought proper to adopt, the Senator reads to us an
extract from the Courier and Enquirer of New
York, and tells us that it should be good authority
for this side of the Chamber. That paper belongs
to that side of the Chamber and not to this. The
Senator is mistaken upon the subject of the Mexi-
can war and its auxiliary, slavery. The Senator
represents one of the States formed out of the great
Northwestern Territory. Before the foundation of
our Constitution, while that territory was yet a
wilderness, our fathers impressed upon it the great
organic law of liberty. They devoted it to free
labor; no slave has ever troa upon its soil—no
slave will ever be compelled to labor there. Un-
der the influence of this law, ly the enterprise and
energy of free labor, that territory had advanced
in population, in prosperity, and in all that consti-
S tutes national glory and individual happiness, sur-
j! passing every other nation in the world.
|i The Senator from Michigan knew all this. He
]j had, in "fact, been a participator in the great work
, j itself. He was connected in many honorable ways,
! i in war and m peace, with the history of the North-
west, and he is now one of its brightest ornaments.
Commanding a position so high and so influential,
it was hoped, nay, expected, by all the free North, ;
;i that he would on this occasion have given all the j
'j talent and all the influence within his control to !
li extend and secure to other territories that great,
, ' ordinance of fiee labor,—the practical advantages ]
'j of which, both social and political, he was so fully j
l! aware, and no doubt highly appreciated. The:
li reason assigned by the Senator for not doing so at i
II this time is", that the proviso contains nothing but;
!! an abstvetet principle; that it can have ito practical
< effect now. What, I ask him, was the ordinance ,
|! of 1787, at the tune it was adopted, but mere ab- t
I stract principle ? The territory to which it applied
ij was an uninhabited wilderness. No S
!! even an organized Territory, were there.
'' principle did have a practic _ ,
working ever since, and the mighty results of its j
workings are now seen in the prosperity and^glory :
of four of the largest and freest States in the Union, j
It was strange that the Senator could see nothing j
in this proviso but an abstraction. j
The Senator said that the eye of Europe was i
upon us, and that we were looked upon as the j
standard-bearer of liberty among the nations ofl
No States, not
Yet the
the earth. If our standard in Mexico is to be
acknowledged as such by the nations of Christen-
dom, we must/announce to the world, at once, that
our conquests are not intended for the extension of
slavery* ,
To make this announcement was the object of the
proviso now offered. And Mr. M. would now call
upon the Senator to reduce his figures of speech to
practice; to stand by the standard of liberty which
waves over his own State and over his own house*,
to join with the/ree States of the Jforth in plant-
ing that standard deep in the soil of the territory
which he now proposes to acquire by conquest.
Now or never, was the time for action. We wait
the answer of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BERRIEN rose and called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
They were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON said he was called upon for
the first time to give a vote not the result of his
own reflection. He was saved the labor of think-
ing upon it by the instructions of the power which
sent him here. He regretted this position, for in
all the transactions of his life he preferred the
pleasure, accompanied by the danger, of responsi-
bility. His opinion upon the right of instruction
did not go so far as some of his political friends
carried the principle. He was free to say that he
would not obey instructions not in accordance with
! the opinions and wishes of the people who elected
the legislature giving them; or if they should in-
struct him to do an act which subsequent infor-
mation should convince him they had adopted
upon wrong information, he would not hesitate to
I take the responsibility" of disobeying them, and
I would rely with confidence on the purity of his
j intentions and the result of his vote as his justifi-
! cation with the people, who were the common
j masters of all the representatives. But upon a
; question on which public opinion wa§, clear, he
| should never hesitate, and would cheerfully obey—
, for, in his opinion, no principle was more clear
i than that the agent was hound to carry out in good
! faith the wishes of his principal. So clear was he
| on this subject, that he should never hesitate to
1 give up his own opinion, and adopt that which he
j knew to be*the decided opinion of his State. In
| the case before us there is no room for doubt. The
i people of Pennsylvania are united in the wish,
| that no jnore slave territory should he acquired by
; this Confederacy; and they fear that if this bill
i become a law, it will bring an accession of slavery
I with it. Their resolution is so clear, that there
can be no doubt of the three million bill having
been before the author of the instructions, when
they were penned. They are in these words:
"Resolved, ThatourSenators and Representatives in Con-
gress he requested to vote against any measure whatever,
bv which territory will accrue to the Union, unless, as a
pnrt of the fundamental law upon which any compact or
treaty for this purpose is based, slavery or involuntary ser-
vitude, cxecpf for crime, shall be forever prohibited."
So united were the Legislature, that out of one
hundred and thirty-three members in the two
Houses, only three votes were recorded against the
resolution. Its mover in the Legislature represents
the same county which is the residence of Mr.
Wilmot, the originator of the proviso in the other
end of the Capitol. They are personal friends,
and in this case they have gone with the current of
public opinion upon the abstract question of ex-
tending slavery. Whether it is wise to ingraft so
exciting a question upon a bill claimed by the Ex-
ecutive as all-important to a speedy and honorable
termination of the war, time will determine. The
people of my State will never interfere with the
constitutional rights of their southern brethren.
They would be among the first to pour out their
blood and treasure to sustain the Union, or to
protect from wrong the people of the southern
States. No man there desires to interfere with
the local and peculiar institutions of the South* but
very many of them believe, that if left to them-
selves, the entire southern people will in due time,
and in their own way, abolish the entire institution
of slavery; they think, too, that this great commu-
principle did have a practical effect; it had been \\ nity of States may, like members of a partnership,
..i_: u>j miahtv rftsnlts r f its l! before the purchase of new territory with the com-
mon funds of the firm, decide among themselves
what use shall be made of the purchase. After
the land shall have been bought, it will, in their
opinion, be too late to limit us uses. He added
that he could not waste the time of the Senate, at
this late hour, near midnight, in dilating upon this
subject.
