6M
?m- C0N&RIM0MAL GLOBE,
March 1,
Mr. J>I,CK.lIJSOI}f said: Mr. President, I have
been retrained fr,om taking pari in this widely ex-
tended .dpbate, principally by reasons of a personal
and domestic character; bijt thcfijnoiendrr)cnt offered
l>y the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Upham,] ant)
upon )?hich I ar$ called to votef induces me to
offer briefly reasons for the course I intend
tp pursue concerning it. I shall not extend my
remarks further than I deem necessary to present
this single question fully anid fairly. That we are
engaged in a state of war—a condition of things,
under tlje most favorable circumstances, highly
embarrassing and cajamitous, is conceded by all.
How it originated, is matter of history, welt and
truly presented by the President in his annual mes-
sage to Congress. How it can be most success-
fully and vigorously prosecuted, so long- as its con-
tinuance is necessary—how its evris can be best .
averted, and what measures are best calculated to l
insure an early and honorable termination, are ,
questions which recommend themselves to the pro- j
foundest consideration of the philanthropist and j
statesman. The prosecution of this war has been ■
approved by the popular judgment; and while I
peace is earnestly ijpsired, and would be hailed as I
qpublic blessing, if justly and honorably obtained,
there is no disposition among the masses to yield
to th.e dictates of a spurious benevolence, or the
(errors of unmanly fear. The official history of
this war, from the day it was recognised by Con-
gress, and the legislation concerning it, are both
interesting and profitable. Whoever will consult
the congressional records will learn that on the llth
day of May last the President, in a special message
sent to both Houses of Congress touching the
sstate of our relations with Mexico, declared that
"as war exists, and, notwithstanding all our ef-
' forts to avoid it, exists by the act of Mexico hcr-
' self, we are called upon, by every consideration of
* duty and patriotism, to vindicate with decision the
'honor, the rights, and the interests of ourcoun-
' try." On the following day a law was enacted by
Congress, entitled "An act to provide for tlie pros-
ecution of the existing war between the United
States and the Republic*of Mexico," which act
contains a preamble, reciting that "by the act of
Mexico a state of war exists between tUat Govern-
ment and the United States." This act appropri-
ated ten millions of dollars fur the prosecution of
the war. \t placed at the disposal of the Execu-
tive the naval and military forces of the country,
and authonzed the employment of fjfiy thousand
volunteers. It became a law by the strong vote of
174 to 11 in the House of Representatives, and of
40 to il in the Senate.
This was the response of Congress to the patriotic
impulses of the country before chances had been
calculated, or the wann gush of American feeling
had been chilled by the influences of mere pditisan
strife*. I need not here speak of the alacrity with
which our sons rushed to the standard of their
country, nor of the imperishable laurels they have
won; nor will I pause to commend the valor of
those brave spirits who led on our victorious host,
or to pay the sacred tribute of a tear to the memory
of those who fell in their country's cause: all is
wnttcn m the hearts of a generous and grateful peo-
ple, who will alike honor and reward the living,
and cherish through all time the venerated memory
of the dead. In evei y conSia, our arms have been
most signally triumphant against vastly superior
force-, under circumstances, too, which have not
only inspired the most lively enthusiasm at home,
but have wrung unwilling ndmiration from the
great rival Poweis of the world. Nine months have
scarcely elapsed, and we have conquered more than
one-half of the territory of her republic, including
some of her strongest fortresses, and subjected to
the rule of our arms upwards of a million of her
people.
If there is any one thing more strongly indicated
by public opinion than another touching- the ques-
tion of this war, it is, that during its existence, it
should be prosecuted with decided vigor*, and that
not only should our physical power present an un-
broken front, but that the moial energies of this
mighty people be*thrown, as if by one voice, into
the scale. However much the existence of war is
to be deplored while the calamity is upon us, it is
demanded alike by benevolence and patriotism that
it be pressed forward to an early termination.
"Whoever supposes that our country is either un-
able or unwilling to prosecutc tins war, is the victim
of a delusion, from which he will, sooner or later,
find hirpself relieved by evidence clear and un-
equivocal. The spirit of our people is peace; but
they will take good care that it isfnot purchased by
dishonor, nor invoked by a disgraceful retreat.
Our country is neither weak, timid, nor penurious;
and although she maintains no ovefgrown forces
of men an.d rnateriel in commission to eat out her
substance in a time of peace, she has abundant
elements to hold successful conflict with the great-
est Powers of the world ; and in the present contest,
without arousing her energies too, she can plant
her standard on the halls of the Montezumas with
one hand, and with the other, from the lap of her
abundance, feed and rescue from starvation thedy
j ing and abject children of the proudest and haugh-
j ticst Government of earth. If our offers of peace
j continue to be spurned by this fractious and super-
[ odious people, there is but one, course left, and that
1 is, to press forward, and rnfke them feel that war
i is to them what it is to all civilized nations—a
! scourge. Could this imbecile, demented nation,
i which to call a republic is a misnomer, see that we
I were united—that we had drawn the sword and
] thrown away the scabbard, and that she had no
5 further hope from our domestic divisions—she
would in some lucid interval consent to honorable
negotiation; and whatever Congress may do or say,
she may as well understand first as last that this
great question will be controlled by the upheavings
of the popular will, and that her petty and vagrant
power will be humbled, and her insolence rebuked
and silenced. And whoever among us shall, under
any pretcnce or for any purpose whatever, however
artfully contrived or specious its covering, array
himself against the popular judgment, he should
prepare to take his seat upon that stool of repent-
ance hitherto reserved exclusively for those who re-
sisted their country in the war of 1812. The object
i of our Government from the beginning has been
; pacific, and her conduct conciliatory. She has
! desired peace and justice, and not havoc and con-
j quest. On the 27th of July last, while the echoing
i sound of our victorious arms was yet ringing in
i our ears, the President again extended to this cap-
tious and vaunting Government the thrice-rejected
olive branch. lie proposed the renewal of negotia-
tions, by sending a Minister to Mexico, but added:
" ff the Mexican Government should piefer to i*end a
MinMc'i to Washington to conduct the negotiation here, lie
•shall he received with kindne?"- and report: and every effort
•diall be made to accomplish Jtlie object of Ins mission with
the lea-t possible delay.
-£ln the ptcnent communication, His deemed u*elc<-s,and
mighi piove minimus. to di-cuss the causes ot" the cxi-ting
war. Thu miidif tend to delav or defeat the restoration of
peace. The pa^t alreadv consigned to hi-tory ; the tutme,
] under l'nn idenee, is within out own power
; " The occasion may, however, he emhiared to ^tate, that
ij the President has ever cheic-hed the kindest feelings for
!| -Mexico. and that one of the fir-t wishes of hi-. hoail is, that
! j she mavbe a poweifnl and prosperous republic, in perpetual
nmitt with the United States."
j! Thiscommunicotion, couched in terms of respect
l| and kindness, and breathing a spirit of peace, was
ij treated wy.h neglect, if not contempt, and lent a
; virus to their blind and barbarian fury, they be-
i lieving, or affecting to believe, it was dictated in a
! spiiit of timidity. On the 4th of August last—the
i 10th being the day fixed for the adjournment of
j Congress—the President, by a confidential mes-
! sage, advised the Senate that he proposed the re-
| newal of negotiations, and recommended that a
I sum of money he placed under his control for the
1, reasons and purposes stated in the-message, as fol-
j; lows:
;! "The chief difficulty to he anticipated in the negotiation
is the adjustment ot' the boundaiy between the pnities, by a
| lme which shall at once be satisfactory and convenient to
i, both, and such as neither will hereafter he inclined to dis-
j. turb. This is the best modi! of secium? petpctual peace
|; and good neighboihood between the twuiopubliecs. Should
j1 the Mexican Government, in order to accomplish thete ob-
'' jeers, be willing to cede any pottion of their territorv to the
!; United State.-*, we ought to pay them a fair equivalent—a
j' jttstand honorable peace, and not comjuest, being our pur-
!! pose in the prosecution of the war.
j] "Under these circumstances, and considering the ex-
hau«ted and dibtiacted condition of the Mexican republic,
it might become necessaty. m order to restore peace, that I
; should have it in my power to advance a poition of the con-
■ sidciation money for anv cession of temtory which maybe
1 made. The Mcxican Government might not be willing to
! i wait for the pavrnent of the whole until the treaty could be
h unified by the Senate, and an appiop.iation to carry it into
I effect be mad° by Congie^s; and the necessity tor $ncii a
i, delay might defeat the object altogether. I would, there-
jj fore, suggest whether it might not be wise for Congress to
j I appropriate a sum such as they might consider adequate for
ij this p.irpose, to be paid, if nece?safy, immediately upon the
j ratification of the treaty by Mexico. This disbursement
,| would, of course, be accounted foi at the treasury, not as
3i secret-service money, but like other expenditures."
This message was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, who reported, with others, the
following resolution, which, after various unsuc-
cessful efforts to amend it, was passed by a vote
of about two to ones
"Resolved, farther, That the Senate deem it advisable that
Congress should appiopriate a sum of money to enable the
President to conclude a treaty of peace, limits, and bound-
aries, with the icpublic of Mexico, and to be u-sed by h in
in the event that such treaty should call for the expenditure
of the money so appropriated, or any part thereof."
Upon the passage of this resolution, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance proposed a reso-
lution appropriating two millions of dollars, in pur-
suance of the Executive recommendation. From
these proceedings the injunction of secrecy wag
subsequently remove^, and they became public.
On the 8th of August last, the President submitted
the same recommendation to both Houses of Con-
gress in a public message, and the House of Rep-
resentatives passed and sent to the Senate a bill
appropriating two millions of dollars for the pur-
poses specified in the message. But to the bill
was appended a proviso relating to the subject of
slavery. This bill came to the Senate on the last
day of the session, a few hours before that fixed
for final adjournment, and was lost by the arrival
of the hour, while this proviso was under discus-
sion. But for this, the bill would have passed and
become a law—the Senate having previously deci-
ded m favor of the appropriation. This appropri-
ation was urged by the President upon the high
responsibilities of his office, and we then had, and
now have, strong reasons for believing that, if this
money had been placed under his control at the
last session, as recommended, an honorable peace
would have speedily followed •, that a boundary sat-
isfactory to both parties would have been adjusted*,
and that ample indemnity would have been secured
to the United States. But it was defeated, as we
have already seefl—in the Senate, too, where the
principle of the appropriation had just been sanc-
tioned—not upon the merits, but in a contest over
an amendment providing for the domestic regula-
tion of temtory, which we might or might not ob-
tain by the proposed negotiation. Upwards of six
months have elapsed since the close of the last ses-
sion; and assuming, as I do, that its passage would
have answered the purposes intended, its' defeat
has cost the country millions of dollars yet un-
told, and a vast destruction of human life. And
such are the fruits produced by the introduction of
this speculative crudity at the last session. At the
commencement of the present session, the Presi-
dent, in his annual message, repeats the recom-
mendation for this appropriation, which he assure?,
us he deems "important for securing a speedy
peace," in the following emphatic terms:
"The reasons which induced me to recommend the
mea^ute at that tune s-till exu-t; and I again submit the sub-
ject for 3 our consideration, and suggest the importane^ef
caily action upon it. Should the apptopriation be made
and be not needed, it will remain m the treasury: should it
be deemed proper to apply it, 111 whole or in pait, it will be
accounted tor as other public expenditures."
The message was sent to Congress on the 8th of
December last, and its u early action " is evinced
by the consideration, on the last day of the session
but two, and past midnight, whether we will in-
sert another proviso for the government of Mexi-
can territory, if, perchance, it shall be gained to
the United States. Upon the propriety of this
appropriation, I have neither hesitation nor doubt.
The exigency requiring our action is extiaordinary
—the responsibility of the Executive to his coun-
try is mighty—the occasion should be met in a
corresponding spirit of patriotism by Congress*
and all reasonable facilities should be afforded for
the exercise of a wise and liberal discretion, in
guiding the destinies of his country in an hour,of
peril, and in endeavoring to arrest the further loss
of treasure and effusion of blood. The Constitu-
tion has devolved upon him the duties and the
power of negotiation, and he may well have, and
doubtless has, rensons for his recommendation,
unknown to us, and which it would be unwise
and unjust to the public interests to communicate.
In short, we are thus advised by the Committee
on Foreign Relations, the constitutional organ of
the Executive upon this floor. While publicity
gives health and strength to our institutions, dif-
fuses and preserves the spirit of popular freedom,
and serves to uphold and beautify the fabric of
social order in our domestic poiicy; in our inter-
course with foreign governments, whose institu-
tions are hostile, it proves an element of weakness.
