562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
of business, working all day in. Parliament, there
were no such reports of what they did or said.
Mr; R. JOHNSON replied, that the immediate
question before the Senate was, whether we should
refer the resolution to a committee' The rule
which had been referred to related only to the read-
ing of bills. .He referred the Senator from Mis-
souri to two cases of bills—one, the act of May
last, granting the appropriation of men and money
for the war, and the other, the tariff act of 1846;
in both of which cases, the reference to a commit-
tee had been refused. On one of these questions of
reference, the Senator from Missouri voted against
the motion. On the tariff act he did not vote.
Mr. BENTON stated that the rule was of recent
origin, and was made for the purpose of protect-
ing the contingent fund, io guard the contingent
fund of this body; and that, with this purpose in
view, it was required that these appropriations
should be granted in the form of a bill. In one of
the cases referred to by the Senator from Mary- j
land, (the war bill of May last,) the bill had un-
'dergone the examination of a committee before it !
came from the House. Ho saw the Military Com-
mittee early in the morning, and came into the
Senate with the bill as it had been examined. As
to the tariff act, it appropriated no money from the
treasury, particularly not from the contingentfund.
Now, we had. to fall back on the parliamentary
law, and it was for this reason he had moved to
refer the resolution to a select committee.
Mr. BADGER asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative: Yeas 19, nftys 29.
Mr. CHALMERS then rose and said, that,
having voted against the reference, he desired to
state the reason which had induced him to do so.
The Library Committee, of which lie was a mem-
ber, were last year unanimously in favor of the
appointment of a corps of reporters, who should
sustain the character of officers of the body. The
great difficulty was on the score of the expense
necessary to secure the services of a competent
corps. He, himself, was in favor of employing the
corps of reporters, cost what it might. The com-
mittee were informed by Messrs. Blair & Rives
that the compensation proposed by the Senator
from Missouri would not be adequate to enable
them to furnish reports so ample as was desired by
the committee. This and other difficulties which
presented themselves, and with the detail of which
lie would not trouble the Senate, prevented the
committee from making a report; and the chair-
man offered the resolution authorizing the purchase
of the "Congressional Globe and Appendix,"
which was now in force. For so great an object
as an ample and accurate report of our debates", he
would have thought no expense too great. He
had voted against the reference of this resolution,
because, if it was necessary to have a corps of re-
porters employed under this resolution, the con-
tract must be made at the preceding session, to
allow time for collecting that corps. If the Senate
ever expected to obtain full reports, they must
employ a sufficient number of reporters, and pay
a fair compensation. He hoped the Senate would
now act on this resolution, and adopt it. Had the
Senate made this compensation to Blair & Rives,
it would have enabled them to give full reports.
Mr. N1LES said it appeared to him that unless
the reporters for Blair & Rives had failed to per-
form their duties, it was not proper to enter into
this now contract. He had not examined into the
matter. The result of this new experiment would
be an entire failure, and the whole money appro-
priated would be thrown away. We should con-
tinue to have the same kind of reports we had
always hud. Reporting here was bad; whether
from the badness of the position occupied by the
reporters for hearing, or otherwise, sometimes'
Senators were reported as saying the reverse of
what they did say. This expenditure he regarded
as unwise. If the thing was to be done, it should
not be done in a hasty way. It should pass
through a committee, that it might come before the
Senate in some tangible form.
Mr. BENTON asked if notice had been given
m the usual form of a motion for leave to introduce
the resolution.
The CHAIR said no notice was given.
Mr. BENTON said he was surprised. Such a
violation of the rules of the Senate made it a ques-
tion of order.
| Mr. R. JOHNSON asked if the Senator from
Missouri desired to say, that if a resolution had
i been offered, received, and discussed, it would have
to go back, in order to be introduced again, accord-
ing to the forms he had indicated ?
Mr. BENTON replied that the rule of the Sen-
ate was for the protection of the contingent fund—
to give time for us to reflect on what was going on.
I j That rule had been violated. The resolution ought
j! to have taken its place on the calendar. It was ir-
|j regularly, illegally brought under the cognizance
II of the Senate.
!; Mr. HUNTINGTON. That was not a joint
j! resolution. . Had not any Senator a right to submit
, a resolution ?
; Mr. BENTON. This rule was made to prevent
;; this body from taking money out of the contingent
I; fund without proper deliberation. It was a rule of
; recent origin. Gentlemen had got pretty much in
r the way of discarding it. But this was not merely
j a violation of parliamentary law, but a violation for
I the sake of plunder. He was determined to bring
! the whole scheme out before he had done with it.
The business of the session must now go on. He
would move to postpone the further consideration
of the resolution. ,
The motion was withdrawn; when
Mr. SEVIER moved its postponement until to-
morrow.
Mr. BA.DGER asked for the ayes and noes;
which were ordered.
Mr. SEVIER withdrew his motion.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the resolution
by striking out the words ''Doctor James A. Hous-
ton," and asked the yeas and nays on his motion,
and they were ordered. He explained the reason
for his motion: it was to open the door to compe-
tition—to enable the Secretary of the Senate to con-
tact with others besides this Doctor—to contract
with some of the known, established editors of
this city, or elsewhere. The resolution, as drawn,
confined the Secretary to this Doctor. He wished
him to have a chance with others. Fair play was
pretty play, and no monopolies.
The question was then taken on the motion to
strike, out, and decided as follows: yeas 12, nays 26.
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the words
" and directed," and asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was taken on this motion and de-
cided as follows: yeas 12,nays 26.
Mr. BRNTON moved to strike out " twelve"
before the. word " thousand," and demanded the
yeas and nays thereon. The effect of the motion
(he said) was to leave the sum blank, and then the
Secretary could save $8,000 out of this $12,000;
and if the motion prevailed, he would move to
strike out ''six," so as to leave that sum open
also; and in that item the Secretary could save
$4,000. And about these savings there was no
doubt. Blair & Rives were now reporting, and
giving-prompt, correct, impartial, and standard de-
bates, at $4,000 for the long and $2,000 for the
short sessions; and unless the objection was to
them personally—for there could be none to their
work—the $12,000 might be saved.
Mr. CAMERON said any printer would be glad
to come here and establish a paper with half"the
bonus it was proposed here to give; but he did not
wish to break down the existing establishments.
He was therefore opposed to the resolution. He
deemed it impossible to report every word that was
uttered, and every act done. It was wholly im-
practicable. There must necessarily be errors.
They were inseparable from the business. He
had been told that speeches could be reported ver-
batim. He did not believe it. He had a propo-
sition in his hand from Ritchie & Heiss, who
proposed to do this reporting for less than was
proposed by the resolution before the Senate, viz:
$10,000 for the long session, and $5,000 for the
short session, and to publish them in the Daily
and Congressiunul Union, furnishing members each
with ten copies of the daily Union, and fifteen
copies of the weekly. He should therefore vote
against this proposition.
The question was then taken on Mr. Benton's
i amendment, and it was negatived: Yeas 16, nays
28.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the resolution
by adding "and no money shall be paid under this
resolution except in proportion to the work actu-
ally done, nor shall any be paid after a bieach of
contract in any particular," and demanded the
yeas and nays thereon. In support of hfs motion,
Mr. B. said no advance pay was made to anybody
who did work for the United States. The laborer
had to do his work first, and then he was worthy
of his hire. A Senator could not draw a day's pay
in advance; the public printer could only be paid
as he delivered his printing: the laborers about the
Capitol had to wait for the sun to set before their
weary arm could be stretched out to receive the
pittance reward of a<day's toil. But here is a
strange Doctor to take $18,000 in advance! and nine
months in advance of the first stroke of his pen!
and two years m advance of his last stroke! pro-
vided he shall really do anything after getting so
much money in his hands without security!
Mr. R. JOHNSON inquired if such a provision
was found in the contract with Blair & Rives?
Mr. BENTON replied, that Blair & Rives were
contracted with by the Secretary of the Senate un-
der a resolution of the Senate, and gave bond in
$10,000. They were responsible printers, having
a large establishment on the- spot, and were ready
to do the work. Gales & Seaton, too, had an es-
tablishment here, but they had not taken the work
under the alternative which was provided for.
When the Senate contracted with Blair &. Rives
they knew who they were contracting with; but he
apprehended this new establishment was to be con-
ducted by such men as those from whom came the
letter which he had read. The object was to set
up a press here, and the operation to be pursued
here was well understood.
Mr. B. went on to give the character of the press
which he had reason to believe was to be estab-
lished in this city, and which, while calling itself
democratic, belonged to that branch of the democ-
racy which, in the time of Mr. Tyler, President,
and the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] Secretary of State, he (Mr. B.) was accus-
tomed to call the Rotfens. It was that branch from
whose programme for the destruction of the democ-
racy, he read a paragraph—the paragraph personal
to himself—in his reply the week before to the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] and
promised to read the remainder on some fitting oc-
casion. That occasion had now arrived. The
same branch of the democracy who conformed
their |ption to the programme of that letter, was
now, according to what he had heard, to be the
beneficiaries of these $18,000, and upon it, to get
up a press, for their doctrines and purposes, in
this <5ity: certain it was, one of the names upon
that letter was now in this city, and the report of
the forthcoming new paper is rife upon the street.
The letter from which he had read was important
from its date, and matter—the 22d of July, 1844—
and directed to four special objects: 1. The divis-
ion and distraction of the Democratic party in New
York. 2. The denunciation of Benton and the
Globe, generally. 3. The denunciation of Benton,
specially. 4. A fraud upon the people in the Pies-
idential election by mixing up Tyler and Polk elec-
tors on the same tickct, to vote for either as cir-
cumstances might dictate. This was the purpose
of the letter, which, in fact, was a general letter of
instructions to all the Rottens. I read the para-
graph which related to myself the other day, and
which gave the string on which all were to harp !
and harp upon it they did, God knows, and' the
devil also ! three hundred of them at a time! though
now, for a while past, the melodious choir have
hung their harps upon the willows. But they will
be taken down, and tuned up again, if these $18,000
go into their net; and, therefore, I will read the old
instructions of 1844 as the programme for their
music in 1848; and save die managers the trouble
and risk of writing a new one.
The letter is headed "Private and confidential
and says:
"Mr <■*■+■****** has handed me a letter of yours dated
18th of July, in which you proposed certain queries. As the
conductor of the official journal Jiere,* he has requested me
to answer it, which request I comply with readily. * * *
You will see by the papers I send vou that we have assumed
m this State, (New York,) and, indeed, in Pennsylvania, a
deemed attitude. ****■*>• Tammany Hall locks to
itscentie, and propositions for a union of the Democracy
are presented. * * * * * * It has been suggested
that a service could be effected by this action on the part of
the leader*—denuciation of Benton and the Globe—union
with the President (Tyler) on the same ticket—endorsement
of the acts of the Administration—and all other matters
which shall place the President on a safe footing with 18-18.
No other propositions will Jfe listened to. This much is in
confidence, and for your private information. * *
* Not Washington City.
