1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56&
" With regard to the course of your paper, you can take
the tone of the Administration from the ***** j
'think, however, and would recommend that you would con-
fine yourself to attacks upon Benton, showing that he has
allied himself with the Whigs on the Texas question. Uuote
Jackson's letter on Texas, where he denounces all those as
traitors to the country who oppose the treaty. Apply it to
Benton. Proclaim that Benton, by attacking Mr. Tyler and.
his friends, and driving them fiom the partv, is aiding rhe
election of Mr. Clay; and charge him with doing this to de-
featMr. Polk, and insure himself the succession in 1848;
and claim that full justice be done to the acts and motives
of John Tyler by the leaders. Harpupon thesestnngs. Do
not propose the union; c it is the business of the Democrats
to do this and arrange it to our perfectsatisfaction.' I quote
here from our leading fiiend at the South. Such is the course
which I recommend, and which you can pursue or not, ac-
cording to your real attachment to the Administration."
***"*•******-
<< Look out fbr my leader of to-morrow as an indicator,
and regard this letter as of the most stnct and inviolate con-
fidence of character."
Such were the instructions under which three
hundred newspapers in the pay of the Department
of State, many of them not visibly so, acted in the
year 1844, and under which they are again ready
to act if they succeed in getting public money to
do it upon. Without that, the greater part of the
three hundred could not have printed a word in
1844, nor could they do it for 1848. No longer able
to get it in one place, they come to another. The
contingent fund of the Senate is now to bleed, and
as for the leeches at suck, though lying low and
dark now, the time may come for performing upon
them that operation which the Spanish proverb
calls pulling the devil from under the blanket. A
committee with ample powers may be obtained at
the next session, and until then, the investigation
must stand adjourned.
The letter proves itself: find the notorious zeal
and unanimity with which three hundred news-
papers worked under its instructions, establishes
its authenticity, and admits i.ts origin. They bore
the badge of the Department of State, Mr. Tyler
being President, and Mr. Calhoun Secretary of
State. The three hundred worked like Spartans—
only for a different object, and different reward.
They worked to distract and destroy the Democ-
racy—to put down Benton and the Globe—to put
down Benton especially—and to commit a fraud
upon the people in the electoral ticket for Presi-
dent. They worked for hire, and were paid at the
Department of State, and other departments, but
often paid in a way to escape exposure on the rec-
ord. They were paid with public money from the
executive departments: the struggle now is to give
it to them from the legislative department—there
being no longer power to get it from the contingent
funds at the other end of the Avenue. And they
take the shortest cut here—a single resolution in
the smallest branch of the national legislature—and
where there is a balance-wheel to turn all balances
against the Democracy. But there might he a rub
yet: this §18,000 was not in the Senate's contin-
gent fund! All that is- there is appropriated to
other objects, specifically estimated for! And be-
fore this $18,000 can be paid, it must be appropri-
ated by an act of Congress ! In that there may be
a rub. It may not work through where there is
no balance-wheel; it may not work through at this
session; and at the next it may be that this extra-
ordinary resolution, in favor of this strange Doctor,
may be rescinded.
Mr. B. said the three hundred presses worked
in every State of the Union, and everybody in each
State can put the linger on each press. Leaving
all the rest out of view, he would bestow a mo-
ment's attention upon their balances in his own
State—in Missouri. There the greatest exertions
weie made, for there lived Benton ! and his election
was just coming round; and to defeat him was
the supreme object of the employers and the cm-
ployed. A majority of the presses called Demo-
cratic were bribed or fooled into the service; all
the strings named in the programme were harped
upon; balance-wheel candidates were started for
the General Assembly. And so confident of suc-
cess were these vile instruments that they daily
proclaimed the downfall of Benton! which their
employers were silly enough to believe, and to re-
ward the service with more public money and
more public office. In fact, they made half the
Union believe they had Benton down! In the
meantime there was not above thirty of them in
the State engaged in the plot; and about double
that number of dupes. But if these thirty had
been in as many different counties they would have
done their work; there would have been enough of
them elected to the General Assembly to govern
the two Senatorial elections then impending, and
to have superseded Benton and Atchison by some
couple of loose cogs for the balance-wheel here.
But about twenty of them were in one county,
(St. Louis,) which left but few for the other coun-
ties; but out of these few they got enough into the
General Assembly to enable them to organize and
show front; but not enough to turn the scale. If
the thirty had been in thirty different counties, it
is probable the whole of them would have been
elected into the General Assembly; and then, by
joining the Whigs, they could have governed all
elections and all measures. The mode of getting
themselves elected is this: Call himself a Demo-
crat, and then offer to be the Democratic candidate.
If this is agreed to, the election is as good as fin-
ished. If not agreed to, then call himself a perse-
cuted man on account of Mr. Calhoun; and as
mankind hate persecution, and pity the persecuted, ;
about one-half of the Democracy take him up, and ,
push him as a Democratic candidate. When this |
is done, the Whigs take him up as a traitor to the
Democracy, and between the two he is elected;
and when he gets to the General Assembly, he
becomes a cog in the balance-wheel; and the bal-
ance is always against the Democracy.
Mr. B. said a strange scene was then presented.
General Jackson was quoted against him in every
form and shape directed in the letter. Traitor—
Whig—Clay man—Mexican—British—deserter—
enemy to the country—lost his senses since he was
blown up in the explosion of the steam-frigate
Princeton: such were the strings upon which they
harped, and all in the service of two men (Messrs.
Tyler and Calhoun) who were pursuing General
Jackson to an infamous condemnation, when he,
(Mr. B.,)i almost "solitary and alone," was de-
fending him against the combined attacks of the
whole Whig phalanx and their allies from the
Democracy. He had answered nothing to these
hirelings. He looked forward to the day when
he was to turn upon their masters, and that day
has now come. He had not even made known
to General Jackson the infamous use to which they
had prostituted his name. If he had, he well knew
the generous soul of Jackson would have revolted
at their conduct. But he said nothing. Proud,
erect, silent, scornful, he let the dogs bark on!
trusting to the people of Missouri to bear him
harmless through the attack, and to a just Provi-
dence to bring a day of retribution upon the true
assailants. He had not been deceived in either
dependance. The people of Missouri saved him
in 1844: Providence had given a day of retalia-
tion now in 1847. It was not until it was all
over that he had said anything to General Jack-
son, and then not to humiliate him by letting him
suppose that it was necessary for him to disa-
vow the infamous use that had been made of his
name—-infamous, when.those who had endeavored
to destroy him, had the audacity to quote him—
and to quote him falsely—against his faithful de-
fender against their attacks. It was at the close
of his life that his friend, Major William B. Lewis, j
carried him an affectionate message, to which he
responded, on a dying bed, with the deep feeling
and cordial justice which belonged to his exalted
character. The words which he then spoke, faith-
fully preserved and transcribed, by the hand of an
amanuensis, have been transferred to the heart of
his old friend, where they will live while that heart
beats, and which should find a place on the stone
which should cover it when cold. Till the Colonel
I thank him for his kind recollection of me in my old
age and sore afflictions.—He is not only a statesman,
but a patriot, and has done his country service.— Mr
gave my Administration efficient support, for which I
ani grateful.—Thank him in my name for his kind ;
and affectionate message.* Such were the words of ;
Jackson! worthy of his great soul! worthy of
his great heart! worthy of his whole life! ^et it
was into his mouth that hirelings were instructed
to put the words traitor—deserter—and every op-
probrious epithet, even to an impious taunt upon
a providential calamity—and apply them to Ben-
ton! But, God is just, and truth is powerful, and
will prevail; and Jackson and Benton stand unhurt
in the face of the world, while the assailants, and
their employers, hide their heads.
Mr. B. remarked, that under the rules of the
Senate this resolution could not be read twice on
the same day, without unanimous consent; he
should therefore object to its third reading.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. The resolution is on its
engrossment.
Mr. BENTON. Oh, no; we have a great deal
to do before we come to that.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. Well, I am ready to go
with you.
Mr. BENTON said it was not on its engross-
ment; and he had a right to perfect it before it ar-
rived at that stage.
The question was then taken on the amendment;
and it was negatived—yeas 15, nays 28.
YEAS—Mr^srs, Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hous-
ton, Niles, Sturgeon, and Tmney—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, Cilloy, Thomas Clayton, John M. Olajton,
Coi win,Davis, Dayton,Evan*-, Greene, Hannegan, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mangum, Miller, Morebead, Thelp^, Simmons, Upham.
Webster, Woodbridge, and Yulee—28.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the resolution
by adding, "Provided, That the said Dr. Houston
shall first prove himself to be a citizen of the United
States, either by birth or naturalization;" and de-
manded the yeas and nays thereon.
The amendment was disagreed to—yeas 8, nays
26.
YEAS—Messrs. Bagby, Benton, Blight, Dickinson, Dix,
Nile--, Sturgeon, and Turiiey—8.
NAYS—Mo?-r® Aielmr, Ashley, Badger, Butler, Cal-
houn, (.'halnu-r-,, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Cor-
win, Da\ i-., l)a> ton, Evan-, Gieene, Ilannegan, Huntington,
Jaru.iain, .Toiui^m of Mai yl and, Johnson of Louisiana, Man-
gum, Miller, Morebead, Simmons, Upham, Web-tor, Wood-
bridge, and Yulee— 26.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the resolution
by adding, "Provided, That the said Dr. Houston
shall be bound to give bond and security to the
amount of the money and subscription hereby au-
thorized, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Senate, for the due performance of the contract;"
and demanded the yeas and nays thereon.
Mr. HANNEGAN called for a count on order-
ing the yeas and nays; he was not satisfied thf|.t
one-fifth of the Senate had risen.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER said there were
eight that-rose.
Mr. WEBSTER remarked, that was but one-
fifth of forty.
* The whole letter from Major Lewis deserves to be given,
and is here inseiled entire :
" Fairfield, March 4, lo4o.
" My Dear Colonkl: I will thank you to hand or send
the enclosed to our friend, John O. Itives.
11 When 1 last saw you in Washington, it was the day be-
fore vou proposed leading for St. Louis, arid,as I was making
airaiigements also to leturn to my residence m the vicinity
of Nashville, you desired me, should General Jackson be
living, to present to him your kindest and most affectionate !
regards, and to say to him, that nothing would give you so ;
much pleasure as to be able to shake him once more by the |
hand. On my arrival I found him still living, thanks to a !
kind Providence, and he continued to live for a week after. ■
I cot to Nashville on Sunday, the first day of June la-t, and ;
on Monday morning, after an early breakfast, I mounted my j
horse, and rode up "to the Hermitage. I found the good old 1
general sitting up in a largo arm-chair, and Mr. Healy en-
gaged m panning his likeness for Louis Philippe. Though
feeble and much emaciated, yet his voice was clear and firm,
and his mind as bright and vigorous as it ever was, at any
period of his life. I iemained at the Hermitage the greater
part of two days, and had much conversation with him in
relation to matters appui taming to both the past and present
time, and was astonished to rind how perfecth he recollected
I everything, particularly such a^ related tobn Admini.-tiation,
j from the moat important, down to the smallest and mosttriv-
! ial matters. He niquued after nianvold friends, and among
' them yourself, desiring to know when I had seen jou last,
and how vou were. I told him that 1 had seen you but a few
davs before I ieft Washington, and that you were well, and,
at the same time, delnrmi to him your message. He was
evidently much affected when I repeated what you had de-
Qiied me to say to him. After a short pause, he said: ( T
i thank the colonel for his hind recollection of me in my old age
' and sore afflictions; it would giie mc gi cat pleasure to see
< him once more, hut that, I fear, is impossible, as my hfe
(rapidly drawing to a close.' Here lie again paused, and
then added : ' The colonel is not only an able and distinguish-
1 ed shdcsttian, hut a uarm and sincere patriot, and his country
< is under great obligation s to him. Ifeel puteful for the able
< and efficient support he save to me during the whole of my
' Administration, and I beg you, when next you see him, to re-
1 member mc to him, and thank him, in my name, for his kind
' and affectionate message.' These, I believe, my dear sir,
are his precise words; for, as they were spoken with much
feeling and in a deep and solemn tone of voice, they made
an impression on my nund that can never be effaced; and,
as hfe is uncertain, it may never be in my power to repeat
to you. in person, the remarks of the genera! when I dHiv-
: ciod to him vour message, or to comply with his injunction
' at their close, I cannot, therefore, permit this opportunity to
pass without doing so. 1 consider it due not only to you,
but to the meinorv of the illustrious dead.
4: With my bc*t wishes, I beg you to believe me.jny dear
sir, very tiulv youre,
4£Tu'CoJ. Thomas H. Benton, Washington.*
W. B. LEWIS.
