566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
• Mr. ARCHER said, when this subject was called
to his notice this morning it was a matter of pro-
found indifference to him; but now he took a lively
interest in it, after this long contention. He had
been accused of going for a large expenditure for
this business. And why? Because it was a ques-
tion of more importance than the amount of cost
which it would require.
Mr. A. then proceeded to speak of the waste of
time this morning, designating it as an effort to
defeat the ascertained will of the majority of the
Senate of the United States, because it did not hap-
pen to be consentaneous with the will of a single
Senator. This was the last day but one of the
session, and he thought there had been an undue
consumption of time on a simple proposition. He
thought the vindication of the rights of the Senate
was of infinitely more importance than the resolu-
tion itself. If a single individual was to defeat the
ascertained will of a majority of the Senate, what
would be the result of such a precedent ? If other
Senators 'were found recreant enough, he, if he
stood alone, would be found resisting such a pro-
ceeding.
Mr. BENTON had listened with some surprise
to the lecture which the Senator from Virginia had
read to him. Lately,on a recent occasion, he had
been absent on account of sickness; but he found
that for three days consecutively the business of
the Senate had been obstructed "by the discussion
of a resolution against Messrs. Ritchie & Heiss,
or against Mr. Ritchie alone. During the whole
of that time, the business of the session was thrown
aside, and from the lecture which the Senator from
Virginia had read to him, he should be led to
suppose that that Senator was not here, or that he
fought against it manfully. The Senator says
nothing.
Mr. ARCHER said that he took no part in the
discussion referred to until just before the decision,
and then he did not occupy more than ten min-
utes.
Mr. BENTON continued. The Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Bagby] was heie three days ready
to proceed with his remarks on an important ques-
tion then pending before the Senate; but it was
thrown aside by the discussion on the resolution
to expel the editor of the Union. Now, how did
the Senator from Virginia vote on that matter?
How did he vote on the motions to stave off the
business, and to pursue old Father Ritchie ? That
is the rub. If he voted to put aside the important
business of the session for such a purpose, he had
no right to read such a lecture as they had just
heard fiom him. The Senator from Virginia would
have to purge himself of that before he could come
here as a lecturer against a waste of time. The
proceedings of the three days to which he had re-
ferred were the worst three days' work that had
ever been done here. This, he supposed, would
come in for the worst one day's work. The Sena-
tor from Virginia, and his friends, had spent three
days to oppress a gentleman who was of the race
of men such as Madison and Jefferson, and their
compeers, with whom Mr. Ritchie was a contem-
porary and friend.
Having been reproached for consuming the time
of the Senate in resisting such a motion as this, he
took the opportunity to call the attention of the
American people to the combination for the expul-
sion of Mr. Ritchie, the friend and associate of
Madison and Jefferson, ignominiously from this
Chamber. But it was not alone against that man,
who for forty years had been the champion of De-
mocracy and of the Republican party. The war
went beyond him, though he might experience the
fate of Mr. Van Buren, after his rejection on this
floor. He hoped the Republican party would no-
tice the alarm given, and be true to the cause against
outrage and oppression. The expulsion of Mr.
Ritchie went beyond the manHt reached the cause
—the sacred cause of Democracy, attacked in his
person; and he saw "the sign of an omen," as a
good friend of his svas accustomed to say of bad
signs, in this covert design to get $18,000 of public
money to start a new press, the week after the edi-
tor of the Daily Union was expelled the Chamber,
and, as far as such a vote went, discredited, and
stigmatized. The two events came together—the
expulsion of one, and a grab at public money for
the other—in marvellous close conjunction. The
two should be contemplated as a unit 1
Mr. B. intimated his intention to call for the
reading of the reports which had heretofore been
made on the subjecVof employing reporters for this
body.
Mr. ARCHER received in the best part the
courtesies of the Senator from Missouri; but in
regard to the agency he had in the resolution to
which the'Senator had referred, as causing a pro-
tracted debate, he begged to remark that it origi-
nated on the other side of the Chamber. Mr. A.
said he sat in quietude during that discussion for
reasons personal to himself—not that he was not
moved, but he did not wish to express any harsh
opinions, if it could be avoided, on the resolution
to exclude a man from the Senate Chamber who
had shown l^imself unworthy of their courtesies.
He was desirous not to let his tongue utter what
his heart dictated. He had no agency in bringing
the resolution before the Senate, nor would he have
counselled it, for he believed the article and the
author were beneath the notice of the Senate. But
when the question was addressed 1o them whether
they would maintain their dignity, who could say
that the expulsion which had been resolved on was
not merited? The Senator from Missouri had
spoken of the editor of the Union as the champion
of the Republican party. Now he' (Mr. A.) was
as much a Republican as any man, but he was no
Democrat. It was "Republican party" in Vir-
ginia, butitwas " Democratic party" in Missouri;
and the very last thing he wished to be called was
a Democrat. The Senator from Missouri said they
were waging war against Democracy. Yes, he
hoped he should ever wage war against Democra-
cy—inappeaseable war—for he looked upon De-
mocracy as the worst enemy to our Republican in-
stitutions—worse even than monarchy. He abhor-
red Democracy as the worst form of tyranny. If
the Senator from Missouri wished to do him honor
—and he knew the Senator from Missouri had no
unkind feelings towards him—he would say,4 there
goes a fast undeviating enemy of Democracy.
Mr. BENTON replied most amicably to the
courteous part of the Senator's [Mr. Archer's]
remarks. He felicitated himself on five-and-twenty
years of most agreeable peisonal and parliamentary
intercourse with that Senator, and wished him all
honor and felicity, and especially the felicity of be-
ing yet surrounded,with a charming posterity, even
to the third generation. He looked upon him [Mr.
Archer] as the beau ideal of an old Virginia gen-
tleman, and who would lack nothing to the felicit-
ous termination of an honorable and courteous life
but that charming family group, to enliven and
adorn his hospitable parlor, and to sweeten and
embellish the evening of his days, and of all which
there was yet no room to despair. But that was j
not the point nor the rub in this case. The point
was as to the loss of tlnec days' piccious time, in
pursuing old Father Ritchic, to the neglect of the j
public business! The Senator says he did not
speak ten minutes. But did he not vote ten times
to stave off the business ? That is the rub ! For
one thing he must return sincere thanks to the
gentleman—was in harmony with his courteous
character: he says he will wage peaceable war on
the Democracy 
Mr. ARCHER. Unappeaseable, not peaceable.
Mr. BENTON, (laughingly.) Ah, then they
were to have an "unappeaseable" war against De-
mocracy, and a " peaceable" war against Mexico.
Mr. BUTLER rose to take no part in the collo-
quy between the Senators from Missouri and Vir-
ginia, but he intended to set the matter right re-
specting the editor of the Union, for he found that
he was attempted to be shielded under the liberty
of the press. Mr. B. then narrated the circum-
stances attending the expulsion of Mr. Ritchie, to
whom, he said, he had been sincerely disposed to
offer a safety-valve. He was anxious that the
whole matter should be referred to a con^nittee,
before whom he might appear and make some ex-
planation, or apology, or anything that would be
satisfactory to the Senate. Mr. B. had no per-
sonal feeling in the case, for they would be the last
j feelings he would indulge. He would, under any
such circumstances, rather play the part of the
sacrifice than the butcher. But it would be recol-
lected that he was rebuked by the Senator from
Virginia for desiring to take the course which he
suggested. For thirty years he had pursued the
course of condemning no man unheard, and if he
had been placed on the committee which he pro-
posed, as chairman, and, perhaps, according to
parliamentary usage he should have been, if Mr.
Ritchie had appeared before him, and shown that
the article was published without his knowledge
and approbation, Mr. B. would have permitted
him to escape.
Mr. ARCHER. And I avowed myself of the
same opinion.
Mr. BUTLER continued. He had applied to
the friends of Mr. Ritchie, all round, and they re-
pudiated the idea of such a committee. They
treated it with more than indifference. They ab-
solutely proscribed, denounced, and refused it.
He really would have been satisfied if Mr. Ritchie
would have done anything that would have enabled
him to escape. But if Mr. Ritchie would not do
that, he would say with Juvenal, nulla vestigia re-
trorsum. Mr. Ritchie assumed to be another Crom-
well, who came down to the Long Parliament, and
to one said, " Sir, you are a hypocrite;" to another,
" You are a traitor;" and to another, " You are a
liar;" and to another, " You are not a gentleman.''
Mr. Ritchie, though he did not claim the right to
enter the Long Parliament and say it, claimed the
right to do it through his paper; and though he
was admitted to this floor by courtesy, he asserted
that the Senate had no jurisdiction over him. He
went so far as to deny the right of this body to
raise a committee to hear him, and now he was
seeking refuge under the liberty of the press, and
the Senator from Missouri identified him with Jef-
ferson and Madison to give him impunity for his
course. Mr. B. had no enmity against the old gen-
tleman; but when he heard this liberty of the press
spoken of in such a connexion, he had felt it to
be his duty to define what he meant. When this
matter was first spoken of, he heard nothing of
these political schemes that were now so current,
nor of any invasion of the freedom of the press;
and he thought the whole thing would be soon un-
derstood.
Mr. WESTCOTT, as one of the four Demo-
crats so often alluded to, reminded the Senator from
Missouri that he had voted with him the last ses-
sion to exclude Robinson and Dow, and said he
heard no denunciations for excluding those men.
If Mr. Ritchie had been a more humble man than
an associate of Jefferson and Madison, his course
would have been the same.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the President be so
obliging as to let me know what the question is ?
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated what the
pending amendment was.
Mr. NILES said here was a struggle between
two divisions of the Senate—a large majority on
the one side and a determined minority on the
other—on a matter which, on the face of it, was of
very little importance to the republic, whether look-
ing to the domestic policy or the relations which
were disturbed by war. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Archer,] who was about to leave the
Senate, appeared to consider that he had had the
revision of the courtesies of the Senate. - How,
then, they should get along without him he was at
a loss to conjecture. There was, however, some
courtesy due to his brother Senators—to those who,
for acting with the Senator from Missouri he had
called recreants, and charged on them the obstruc-
tion of the public business. Mr. N. had concur-
red with the Senator from Missouri by calling for
the yeas and nays, and voting on the amendments,
because he thought they were very proper. He
had acted in some measure with a view to defeat
this measure. And if the Senator from Missouri,
and those who had acted with him in sustaining his
amendments, had acted with singular pertinacity,
those on the other side had been equally pertina-
cious in obstructing the business of the session.
And was there nothing due to the strong convic-
tions of a minority—of those who believe this
measure to be wrong—who believe it to be some-
thing more than it is on its face ? Were they to
be>told that this subject must take precedence, al-
though it had undergone no examination, and there-
by hazard all the business before them? There were
importan t principles involved in this proposition. If
there was nothing more than appeared on the face of
it, it was a new and important principle to introduce
into this body. What was it? Was it not the crea-
tion of new officers to this body? Was it not to take
into their own hands the jurisdiction over and the
direction and control of the publication of the pro-
ceedings of this body? And had this ever been
done ? Had it ever been considered part of the
duty of the Senate of the United States? Was it
not taking away a common right of the people to
