1847.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment, and it was agreed to—as was the
42d, 47th, and 50tli amendments of the Senate.
The 43d, 44th, 45th, 46th, 48th,and 49th amend-
ments of the Senate were read and disagreed to.
The 51st amendment of the_ Senate was read;
when, after some remarks by Mr. J. Civ ADAMS,
which will be found in the Appendix,
The question was put on agreeing to the said
51st amendment, and it was disagreed to—ayes' 28,
noes 94.
The 52d and 55th amendments of the Senate
were read and agreed to; and the 53d, 54th, 56th,
and 57th, disagreed to.
All the amendments having been acted on—
The committee rose and reported accordingly.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered on agreeing to the amendments of the Sen-
ate.
The House then took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The SPEAKER resumed the Chair at five
o'clock; and the House not being full—
The SPEAKER said he would, by unanimous
consent, lay before the House some bills which
had been returned from the Senate. It being ac-
quiesced in—
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
bill from the Senate to amend an act entitled "An
act to raise for a limited time an additional military
force, and for other purposes."
It was read a first and second time, and commit-
ted to a Commitee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
THE THREE'MILLION BILL.
The Senate bill making further appropriations
to bring the existing war with Mexico to a speedy
and honorable termination, (the three million bill,)
was then laid before the House.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON moved to refer it
to a Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the bill be refer-
red to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired if this was not a House
bill, which had been amended by, and returned
from, the Senate?
The SPEAKER said it was a Senate bill.
Mr. WINTHROP moved a call of the House;
but said ho would withdraw the motion, if, by
general consent, the bill would be laid aside until
the other business was acted on; otherwise, he
would insist on the motion for a call.
The yeas and nays were taken on ordering a
call, and resulted—yeas 75, nays 74.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative, which
made a tic; and the motion was consequently re-
jected. •
Mr. McHENRY moved to lay the bill on the
table. Yeas 81, nays 103.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to amend an act entitled " An act to carry into
effect in the States of Alabama and Mississippi the
existing compact with those States in regard to
the five per cent, fund and the school reserva-
tions," with the amendments of the Senate there-
to; when the Senate amendments were read and
concurred in.
The Senate bill to provide for the punishment
of piracy in certain cases was read three times,
and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the civil and di-
plomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending June 30, 1848, and the«mendments of the
Senate thereto; on which the previous question
had been ordered.
The following amendments were separately voted
on by yeas and nays, viz:
The amendment providing an appropriation for
the lighting of Pennsylvania avenue, from the
Capitol to the Executive buildings. Agreed to:
Yeas 106, nays 83.
The amendment providing for the Auxiliary
Guard was disagreed to: Yeas 55, nays 115.
The amendment appropriating $2,200_ for the
repair of the bridge across the Potomac river was
•agreed to: Yeas 87, nays 76. ,
The amendment making an appropriation for
the paving and repair of Pennsylvania Avenue was
disagreed to: Yeas 66; nays 81.
The amendment providing for the purchase of
the bridges across the Eastern Branch of the Po-
tomac river was disagreed to: Yeas 68, nays 80.
The amendment making an appropriation for
indemnifying the owners of the schooner Amis-
tad was disagreed to: Yeas 40, nays 112.
The amendment proposing to pay Ritchie arid
Heiss the difference between therates as at present
authorized by law for printing and the rates allow-
ed before the present law took effect, was agreed
to—yeas 91, nays 54.
The report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the remaining amend-
ments was then concurred in.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the part of the House, on the bill to
establish certain post-routes, made a report; which
was read and agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Clerk, relative to the letting of
contracts for the printing for the House of Repre-
sentatives for the next Congress, and stating that
the persons who had obtained the contracts had
given satisfactory security for the performance of
the work. Laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY, from the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the House, on the naval appro-
priation bill, made a report; which was read, and,
under the operation of the previous question, was
agreed to.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the House
adjourn; but yielded at the request of
Mr. BRINKERHOFE, who moved to go into
committee, to take up the joint resolution of the
Senate refunding to the several States money ad-
vanced to aid in equipping volunteers previous to
being mustered into service.
Mr. PETTIT renewed the motion to adjourn;
which was put and rejected.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a call of the
House. Disagreed to.
Mr. W. then moved that the House adjourn.
Disagreed to: Ayes 79, noes 93r But before the
result was announced by the Speaker, the yeas
and nays were ordered on the motion, and there
were for adjournment, yeas 69, nays 106.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cobb in the chair.)
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to take up the
joint resolution of the Senate refunding certain
money advanced by States for the equipment of
volunteers before being mustered into service.
Disagreed to: Ayes 81, noes 82.
Mr. BOYD moved to take up the Senate bill
making further appropriations to bring the existing
war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable ter-
mination, (the three million bill.)
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the committee rise.
Disagreed to: Ayes 40, noes 90.
The question was taken on Mr. Boyd's motion,
and no quorum voted.
The committee rose, and reported that they had
found themselves without a quorum.
Mr. BOWLIN moved a call of the House, on
which he also asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the House adjourn:
on which motion the yeas and nays were taken,
and resulted as follows: Yeas 42, nays 11].
The question recurred on ordciing a call, and it
was disagreed to.
And a quorum having appeared, the committee
again resumed its session.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he proposed that, by
common consent, both sides of the House should
cease this useless contest, and agree to take a
. vote on this bill now; and then, in the House,
i suspend, in regard to this bill, the joint resolution
' which forbids bills to be sent to the President on
the last day of the session.
[Cries of" No, no; no bargains."]
The CHAIR reminded gentlemen that no busi-
ness or remarks were in order but by general con-
sent. The question was on the motion of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] to take
up the bill from the Senate. There was now a
quorum.
Mr. MILTON BROWN asked leave to present
a proposition.
Mr. PETTIT. I object. .
Mr. BROWN. Very well: my object was con-
ciliation; but if gentlemen prefer this state of
things, I wash my hands of it.
Tellers were demanded on taking up the bill,
and being appointed, reported ayes 93, noes 4; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIR said there was a large quorum in
the House, but gentlemen would not vote.
Mr. PETTIT said it was obvious the commit-
tee could get no vote; and he asked that they rise
and report.
Mr. COTTRELL said that when no quorum
voted, it was the privilege of any member to have
the House counted. This was the parliamentary
law, as stated in the Manual,
The CHAIR replied that that question had been
examined by him, and that the counting of the
House could lead to no practical result; for he
could pronounce no motion carried or rejected till
a quorum voted one way or the othee. He had no
doubt there was a quorum present.
The committee now rose and reported that it
had found itself without a quorum.
Mr. PETTIT moved to adjourn. Rejected:
Ayes 77, noes 86.
Mr. CARROLL asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee of Ways and Means
to report back forthwith the bill referred to that
committee for the relief of Ireland.
Objected to.
Mr. C. moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Hopkins in the chair) de-
cided the motion to be out of order, the rules being
already suspended for the purpose of enabling the
House to resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARROLL appealed from the decision, and
asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and,
being taken, were yeas 130, nays 4. .
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
After some desultory conversation and some
proceedings on a point of order, &c.,
A quorum being again present,
On motion of Mr. McICAY, it was agreed to take
up bills from the Senate.
The first was a joint resolution to suspend the
rule which forbids bills to be sent between the two
Houses on the last day of the session.
Mr. PETTIT asked if the question was debata-
ble ?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. PETTIT took an appeal, and demanded
the yeas and nays.
But the House refused to order them, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
And the House agreed to suspend the joint res-
olution: Ayes 102, noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, rose to what
he believed to be a privileged question, which was
to suspend the rules and instruct the Committee of
the Whole to report the navy pension bill.
A discussion on order followed.
Mr. PETTIT insisted that on the last vote a
quorum had not voted.
The CHAIR explained, that when the large vote
on the affirmative side had been declared, those on
the negative agreed to give up without a count, as
was the constant practice in such cases.
The House then took up the bill for increasing
the number of general officers.
The Senate's amendments having been read, and
the question being on that striking out the general-
in-chief—
Mr. McHENRY moved that the House recede
from its disagreement to this amendment.
Mr. BOYD moved that the House insist on its
disagreement.
The CHAIR ruled the motions to be equivalent
to each other, and put the question on that first
made, viz: Will this House recede?
Mr. McHENRY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Caiolina, went into a
very animated and earnest speceh in opposition to
the feature which the Senate had stricken out. He
observed, that if any administration in England or
on the Continent had been sustained under all their
difficulties by such gallant battles as had lately
occurred on our southern frontier and in Mexico,
the gratitude of the nation would have been com-
mensurate with the extent of the kingdom. His
opposition was influenced by no personal opposi-
tion to any of the officers, or any regard to the
question whether they were in the Whig or in the
