1847.
<e ' /«
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
57-1'
Bright, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Corwin, Dickinson, Dix,
Fairfield, flannegan, Houston, .lohnson of Louisiana, Niles,
Soul6, Sturgeon, and Turney—20.
Mr. HUNTINGTON asked for an explanation
of the several amendments reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee substituting the words " qualified
voters" for "population."
Mr. ASHLEY explained that the effect would
be to confine the first elections to citizens who were
qualified under any circumstances to vote, and af-
terwards to admit the votes of foreign residents
who had made a declaration of their intention to
become citizens.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped that these amend-
ments would not be agreed to. Many of the per-
sons thus admitted to the privilege of voting would
continue foreigners in spite of such declaration.
Mr. WEBSTER expressed his intention to ask
the opinion of the Senate whether foreigners who
had only declared their intention to become citi-
zens should be entitled to vote as citizens. He
desired to see whether this new principle in our
- institutions was to have its beginning in one of our
fpivirtto I orMtrtriAS
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that as these amend-
ments did raise that important question, he would
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WESTCOTT regretted that he felt himself
bound to make the motion which he was about to
make. The amendments that had been objected
to were intioduced at his instance. But, if the
question were now to be gone into, he foresaw that
it would lead to a discussion which would con-
tinue until the adjournment. He would therefore
move to lay the bill on the table, and would ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and the
question being taken on the motion to lay the bill
on the table, it was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Badger, Bagby, Berrien, Butler,
Cilley, John M. Clayton, Davis, Evans, Greene,Huntington,
Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Man^uin, Mason, Miller,
Morehead, Peaiee, Rusk, Simmons, Soul6, Upham, Web-
ster, Westcott, Woodbridge, and Yulee—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison,Benton, Breese,
Bright, Cameron, Caps, Corwm, Dickinson, Dix, Faufield,
Hannegan,'Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Nilcs, Sturgeon,
and Tuiney—18.
Mr. ALLEN gave notice that he would move
to take up this bill, whenever an opportunity
might offer.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. DAVIS moved that the Senate proceed to
consider the bill making appropriations for the im-
provement of certain rivers and harbors.
Mr. D. explained that it was a bill from the
House appropriating about $600,000 for the im-
provement of rivers in the West, and for certain
harbors.
Mr. BAGBY understood the object of the bill.
But he hoped it would not be taken up, as it would
lead to a discussion which would consume so much
time as would prejudice other bills of greater im-
portance.
Mr. DAVIS replied, that whether there was any
discussion would depend on the Senator from Ala-
bama and his friends. He (Mr. D.) did not intend
to discuss it.-
Mr. BAGBY said he would oppose the bill,
item by item.
Mr. DIX stated that he had introduced this bill.
He had no doubt of the constitutionality of the ap-
propriations for the objects which were specified,
and he hoped the bill would be passed.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to take up the bill; and, the question being taken,
it was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Badger, Breese,
Cameron, Cups, CiUey, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Cntten-
den, Davis, Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Greene, Hanrtesran,
Ifouston, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Manguiu, Miller, Moiehead, Niles, Pearce,
Simmons, Soul6, Upham, Webster, and Woodhndge—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bagby, Benton, Bright, Butler, Calhoun,
Chalmers, Mason, Tumey, and Yulee—9.
The bill was then taken up in committee of the
k whole.
Mr. BAGBY would not delay the business'of
' the Senate by opposing the bill item by item, as he
had promised, and would simply content himself
with moving, as a test question, to strike out the
appropriation of $150,000 for the improvement of
the river below the falls at Louisville; and on that
question .he should ask the yeas and nays without
further remark.
/The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bagby, Butler, Mason, Niles, Turney,
and Yulee—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Badger, Ben-
ton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun,' Cameron, Cass, Chalmers,
Cilley, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Dickinson,
Dix:, Evans, Fairfield, Greene, Hannegan, Houston, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Sim-
mons, Soul6, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, Westcott, and
Woodbridge—38.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
REPORTING IN THE SENATE.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to take up for a third
reading the resolution submitted by him in relation
to the contract for reporting the speeches and pro-
ceedings of the Senate.
Mr. BAGBY asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
And the question being on taking up the resolu-
tion, it was decided in the affirmative: Yeas 25,
nays 16.
Mr. TURNEY said that a charge had been made
by the Senator from Missouri, in his place, that
there was a political object lying at the bottom of
this movement; and that, under the authority con-
ferred by this resolution, individuals, for the pro-
motion of their personal claims on the Presidency,
would be allowed to dip their hands into the public
treasury. As this charge had been gravely made,
and had gone forth to the world, he thought it was
due to the character of this body that the whole
subject should be referred to a committee, and that
the matter should be fully investigated. There
was no great emergency calling for immediate
action on the resolution. An arrangement had
already been made for reporting the debates; we
were going on under that arrangement; the reports
would continue to be as good as heretofore, and no
harm could result from the delay of a week or two
at the beginning of the next session. Was it not
due to the Senator from Missouri, also, that these
charges should be investigated, and that an oppor-
tunity should be given him to substantiate them.
No Senator could take the responsibility of assert-
ing that they were not true, and why should an
opportunity to examine into them be refused r He
hoped this suggestion would be acted on, and he
would move to refer the whole subject to a select
committee.
Mr. WEBSTER intimated that this course
would be nugatory. Senators who took the view
which had been thrown out by the Senator from
Tennessee could vote against the resolution. If a
committee were appointed no report could be made
until the next session. The effect of the motion
therefore would be the same as a rejection.
Mr. BAGBY suggested another consideration.
There could be no more reporting until the next
session. It must surely be out of the overflowings
of an abundant treasury that it was proposed to
pay this $18,000. And while we were undertaking
to pay twice as much as was necessary, we had
even refused to require any security for the fulfil-
ment of the contract. We were about to place
this large amount of money in the hands of a per-
son of whom we knew nothing. He meant nothing
unkind towards any individual; but we were acting
entirely in the dark. A pretext was set up that
this was intended to separate the reporting from
the daily press. But it might be that the very
same type which would be employed on these re-
ports might also be used in the promulgation of
political opinions.
Mr. HANNEGAN considered it due to himself
to say that he had introduced this resolution without
concert with any individual on earth except the
reporter himself. If the Senator from Alabama
intended to impute any improper motive to him
the Senator shamed the place where he sits. He
had now said all he proposed to say. The reso-
lution showed on its face what it was; and he called
on any Senator to show that there was anything
else at the bottom. He would not charge improper
motives on any Senator.
Mr. BAGBY would have been astonished at the
course of the Senator from Indiana, if he could be
astonished at anything which came from him after
the scenes of the.last few days. His self-respect
would prevent him from making such reply as the
provocation might warrant. But if he shamed the
seat he occupied, it must he in consequence of its
proximity to a certain other seat. He was tired
of this.
Mr. HANNEGAN, If the Senator was satis-
fied, he was.
Mr. TURNEY remarked, that at twelve o'clock t
to-night one-third of the members of this body
would retire. It was obviously proper that they
who would constitute the new Senate should them-
selves fix the mode in which they should be re-
ported. He must say, that he could Jiot, if any
member on the other side had risen and made
charges-* and asked a committee for their investi-
gation, have refused. He should have considered
himself wanting in respect to a member of this
body, had he done so. It was due to the Senator
from Missouri, to the Senate itself, and to the pub-
lic, that the charges should be referred for exam-
ination. He knew nothing of these charges when
the resolution was introduced. His suspicions
were first excited by what had since taken place.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he should vote against
the reference, and afterwards against the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER said he was, yesterday, so guile-
less, so unsuspicious of any covert design any-
where, that he had voted for a committee. He
would now vote against a reference.
Mr. BENTON said, we were about to contract
with a man to report the debates which were not
to take place until nine months from this day.
Many members would then be here who- were not
now in this body. Blair & Rives, it would be
remembered, were once rejected by gentlemen
on the other side, because they were electcd by a'
retiring Congress. This was the third of March,
and this was a retiring Congress, and it'was pro-
posed to make a contract with a reporter for the
next Senate, without requiring any security from
him. Blair & Rives had given security when they
undertook to furnish the reports of this body; but
here was an exemption from this usual requisition.
The Senate had refused to authorize the payment
for this work, as all other work was done and paid
for. Here, a reporter had presented himself, with-
out any establishment, without any preparation,
calling himself a doctor, with a peculiar stress on
the word, a pcrfect stranger, to whom eighteen thou-
sand dollars was to be advanced, at a time when not
a single member of the body could draw a per diem.
We had asked for an inquiry to be made into the
cause of all this. He had heard nothing to show
that this case was not to be considered as of the
same character with other payments. He wanted
light on the subject. Gentlemen on the other side
had refused to give him any. He had asked for a
committee to investigate the matter; and he was at a
loss to know why this was met by such a perse-
vering negative.
Mr. TlJRNEY asked for the ayes and noes on
his motion for reference, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 15, noes 28.
The resolution was then read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENTON then submitted the following res-
olution; which lies over for consideration on the
first day of the next session;
Resolved, That the resolution adopted by the Senate to
employ James A. Houston to report the debates of the Son-
ate for the thirtieth Congress be, and the same is hereby,
reminded: because the said ic olun M was introduced and
adopted without the examination of a committee, and with-
outgivingto othei reporters or editor? of paper- any oppoi-
tumty to do the same work : also, because, m confining its
appointment to the said Houston, and refusing to permit
the names of any others to be inserted as a meie alternative
choice, giving to the said Houston the extraoidmaty aid of
$18,000 for two sessions onlj. the othei repot ter* and presses,
and such as said Houston may not choose to employ, will
be virtually excluded trom the business of reporting and
printing the Senate debates, and individual Senators will he
at the mercy of said Houston : also, because the editors of
the D.uly Union, and their paper, are, by the terms of the
resolution and the decision of the Senate on the resolution
in relation to them, virtually excluded hum being employed
to print the debates of the Senate • ul<o, because the sum
allowed is double the, amount heretofore asked by respon-
sible piinters in Washington city: also, because Blair &
Rives are now faithfully and fully icpoiting the debates of
both Houses of Congress, and for one-third of the sum (for
the Senate debates) winch is allowed to the said Houston :
also, because the rule of requiring security for the pcifoixn-
anoe of th^ contract has been dispensed with in the ease of
the said Houston, who i& a newcomer in this utv and with-
out any visible responsibility: also, because Blair &, Rives
are now under contract and under bond in the sum of
j§10,000 to ropoit the debates of the Senate fully and accu-
rately, as revised by the speakers, and are now in the fair
execution of said contiact: also, because the said s-uui of
•5:18,001} cannot be taken from the contingent fund of the
Senate without preventing payments from being made to
persons and tor objects entitled to receive it, or unless a
new appropriation shall be made by the two Houses of
Congress.
