6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 8,
'29th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate &, Ho. of Reps.
such foreign interference, if attempted, must have
been resisted by the United States. My views
upon that subject were fully communicated to Con-
gress in my last annual Message. In any event,
it was certain that no change whatever in the Gov-
ernment of Mexico, which would deprive Paredes
of power, could be for the worse, so far as the
United States were concerned, while it was highly
probable that any change must be for the 'better.
This was the state of affairs existing when Con-
gress, on the thirteenth of May last, recognised |;
the existence of the war which had been com- jj
menced by the Government of Paredes, and it be- | j
came an object of much importance, with a view ii
to a speedy settlement of our difficulties, and the j j
restoration of an honorable peace, that Paredes j;
should not retain power in Mexico. i1
Before that time there were symptoms of a rev- i!
olution in Mexico, favored, as it was understood j,
to be, by the more liberal party, and especially by jj
those who were opposed to foreign interference H
and to the monarchical form of government, Santa
Ana was then in exile in Havana, having been ex-
pelled from power and banished from his country
by a revolution which occurred in December, 1844;
but it was known that he had still a considerable
party in his favor in Mexico. It was also equally j
■well known that no vigilance which could be ex- jj
erted by our squadron would, in all probability, ij
have prevented him from effecting a landing some- !■
where on the extensive gulf coast of Mexico, if he i1
desired to return to his country. He had cpertly
professed an entire change of policy; had express-
ed his regret that he had subverted the federal con-
stitution of 1&2A; and avowed that he way now in |
favor of its restoration. He had publicly declared !
his hostility, in the strongest terms, to the estab- ;!
hshment of a monarchy, and to European inter- 1;
ference m the affairs of his country. . ij
Information to this effect had been received, from f
sources believed to be reliable, at the date of the j!
recognition of the existence of the war by Con- j
grcps, and was afterwards fully confirmed by the jj
receipt of tlie despatch of our consul in the city of
Mexico, with the accompanying documents,
which are herewith transmitted. Besides, it was !|
reasonable to suppose that he must see the ruin- ji
ous consequences to Mexico of a war with the !
United States, and that it would be his interest to
favor peace.
Jt was under these ciicumsfances and upon these
con.sidnali-m.s thut it was deemed expedient not
to obstruct hi"> return to Mexico, should he attempt
to do so.* Our object was the restoration of peace; j'
and with that view, no reason was pmvei\rd why i
we should take part with Paredes, and aid hnn, by j
means of our blockade, in preventing the return of;
his rival to Mexico. On the contraiy, it was be- !
lieved that the intestine divisions which ordinary
pagacity could not but anticipate as the fruit of ;
Santa Ana's return to Mexico, and lus contest ■.
with Paredes, mt^ht strongly tend to produce a1;
disposition with both parties toiestoieuud pie-serve m
peace with the United States. Paredes was a|'
soldier by profession, and a monarchist in pnnci- ,
pic. He had but recently before been successful
in a military revolution, by which he had obtained
power. He was the sworn enemy of the United
States, with which he had involved his country m ;
the existing war. Santa Ana had been expelled -
from power by the army, was known to be in !■
open hostility fo Paredes, and publicly pledged !|
asramsi foreign intervention and the restoration of i
monarchy in Mexico. In view of these facts and
circumstances it was, that, when ordeis were!
issued to the commandcr of our naval forces in the
Gulf, on the thirteenth day of May last, the day -
o/i winch the existence of the war was recognised j!
hy Congress, to place the coasts of Mexico under !'
blockade, he was directed not to obstruct the pas- |!
pk£o of Santa Ana to Mexico, should he attempt I
to return. j
A revolution took place in Mexico in the early j
part of Aus;u<it following, by which the power of I
Partdes was overthrown, and lie has since been j;
banished from the couutiy, and is now in exile. '•!
Shortly afterwards Santa Ana returned. It re- ti
mains to be seen whether his return may not yet j!
prove to be favorable to a pacific adjustment of the 'j
existing difficulties, it beinc? manifestly his interest |l
not to persevere in the prosecution of a war com- j!
nienccd by Paredes, to accomplish a purpose so i!
absurd as the reconquest of Texas to the Sabine.
Had Paredes remained in power, it is morally cer-
tain that any pacific adjustment would have been
hopeless.
tfpon the commencement of hostilities by Mexi-
co against the United States, the indignant spirit
of the nation was at once aroused. Congress
promptly responded to the expectations of the
country, and, by the act of the tbnteenth of May
last, recognised the fact that war existed, by the
act of Mexico, between the United States and that
republic, and granted the means necessary for its
vigorous prosecution. Being involved in a war
thus commenced by Mexico, and-for the justice of
which on our part we may confidently appeal to
the whole world, I resolved to prosecutc it svith
the utmost vjoor. Accordingly, the ports of Mexi- :
co on the Gulf and on the Pacific have been placed
under blockade, and her territory invaded at sev-
eral important points. The reports from the De-
partments of War and the Navy will inform you
more in detail of the measures adopted in the
emergency in which our country was placed, and
of the gratifying results which have been accom-
plished.
The various columns of the army have perform-
ed their duty under great disadvantages, with the
most distinguished skill and courage. The victo-
ries of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma, and of
Monterey, won against greatly superior numbers,
and against most decided advantages in other re-
spects on the part of the enemy, were brilliant in
their execution, and entitle our brave officers and
soldiers to the grateful thanks of their country.
The nation deplores the loss of the brave officers
and men who have gallantly fallen while vindi-
cating and defending their country's rights and
honor.
It is a subject of pride and satisfaction that our
volunteer citizen soldiers, who so promptly re-
sponded to their country's call, with an experience
of the discipline of a camp of only a few weeks,
have borne their part in the hard-fought battle of
Monterey with a constancy and courage equal to
that of veteran troops, and worthy of the highest
admiration. The privations of long marches
through the enemy's country, and through a wil-
derness, have been borne without a murmur. By
rapid movements the province of New Mexico,
with Santa Fe, its capital, has been captured with-
out bloodshed. The navy has cooperated with
the aimy, and rendered important services: if not
so brilliant, it is because the enemy had no force
to meet them on their own element, and because
of the defences which nature has interposed in the
difficulties of the navigation on the Mexican coast.
Our squadron in the Pacific, with the cooperation
of a gallant officer of the army, and a small force
hastily collected in that distant country, have ac-
quired bloodless possession of the California*, and
the American flag has been raised at every impor-
tant point in that province.
I congratulate you on the success which has
thus attended our military and naval operations.
In less than seven months after iV^exico com-
menced hostilities, at a time selected by herself,
we have taken possession of many of her principal
ports, driven back and pursued her invading army,
and acquired military possession of the Mexican
provinces of New Mexico, New Leon, Coahuila,
Tamauiipos, and the Californias, a territory larger
in extent than that embraced m the original thir-
teen States of the Union, inhabited by a consider-
able population, and much of it more than a thou-
sand miles from the points at which we had to
collect our forces and commence our movements.
By the blockade, the import and export trade of
the enemy has been cut off. Well may the Ameri-
can people be proud of the energy and gallantry
of our regular and volunteer officers and soldiers.
The e\ents of these few months afford a gratifying
proof that our country can, under any emergency,
confidently rely for the maintenance of her honor,
and the defence of her rights, on an effective force,
ready at all times voluntarily to relinquish the com-
forts of home for the perils and privations of the
camp. And though such u force may be for the
time expensive, it is in the end economical, as the
ability to command it removes the necessity of
employing a large standing army in time of peace,
and proves that our people love their institutions,
and are ever ready to defend and protect them.
| Whilst the war was in a course of vigorous and successful
j prosecution, beings-till anxious to airest its evils, and con-
; sidermg that, after the bnlliant victories ot our arms on the
| eighth and ninth ot May last, the national honor could not
be compromised by it, another overture was made to Mexi-
co, by my direction, on the twenty-seventh of July last, to
terminate hostilities by a peace ju&t and honorable to both
countries. On the thirty-first of Augu «t following, the Mex-
ican Government declined to accept this friendly oveiture,
but referred it to the decision of a Mexican Congress, to be
assembled in the early puit of the present month. I com-
municate to you, herewith, a copy of the letter of the Secre-
tary of State proposing to reopen negotiations, of the answer
of the Mexican Government, and the repiy thereto of the
Secietary of State.
The war will continue to be prosecuted with vigor, as the
best means of secunng peace. It is hoped that the decision,
of the Mexican Congress, to which our last overture has
been lefcrred, may result in a speedy and honorable peace.
With our experience, however, of the umeasonable course
of the Mexican authorities, it is the part of wisdom not to
relax in the energy of our military operations until the result
is made known. In this view, it is- deemed important to
hold military possession of all the provinces which have been
taken, until a definitive tieatv of peace shall have been con-
cluded and ratified by the two commies.
The war lias not been waged with a \iew to conquest
but having been commenced by Mexico, it has been earned
into the enemy's country, and will be vigorously prosecuted
there, with a view to obtain an honorable peace, and there-
1 by secure ample indemnity for the expenses of the war, as
well as to our much-injured citizens, who hold laige pecu-
niary demands against Mexico.
By the laws of nations, a conquered tcrritoiy is subject to
be governed by the conqueror during his mJitary posses-
sion, and untit there is either a treaty of peace, or lie shall
voluntarily withdraw from it. The old civil government
being necessaiily superseded, it is the'right and duty of the
conqueror to secure his conquest, and to provide for the
maintenance of civil order and the rights of the inhabitants.
Tins right has been exercised, and this duty peiformed, by
our military and naval commanders, by the establishment of
temporary governments, m some of the conquered provinces
in Mexico, assimilating them, as far as practicable, to the
free institutions oi our own country. In the provinces of
New Mexico, and of the California?, little, if any, further
lo^isfanee is apprehended fi on the inhabitants to the tem-
porar\ governments which have thu«, from the necessity of
the case, and according to the law-* of was. been establish-
ed. It may be proper to provide for the seeinity of these
important conque-ts bv making an adequate rmpropination,
for the purpose of erecting Ratification-. and defiajmg the
expenses* necessarily incident to the maintenance ot our
po.^ession and authority ovei them.
Near the clos-e of\our la.st session, for reasons communi-
cated to Congress, I deemed it important, a* a measure for
secuiing a speedy peace with Mexico, that a sum of money
should bo appiopriated. and placed in the power of the
Executive, similar to that which had been made upon two
former occasions, during the administration of President
Jefferson.
On the twenty-sixth of February, 1803, an appropriation
of two millions of dollars was made, and placed at the dis-
posal of the President. Its object is well known. It was
at that time in contemplation lo acquire Louisiana from
France, and it was intended to he applied as a part of the
; consideration winch might be paid tor that territory. Oil
' the thirteenth ot February, IF06, the same sum was m like
; manm-t appropriated, with a view to the purchase of the
| Floridas fioin Spain. These appropriations were made to
i facihtato negotiations, and as a means to enable the Presi-
! dent to accomplish the important obj< ct* m view. Though
it did not become neeessai.i for'the Pi evident to uve these
| appropuation*, yet a <■ rate of things might have arisen in
] which it would have been highly important for him to do
! so, and the wisdom ot' making them cannot be doubted. It
is believed that the measure ! ecommended at vour ],;<t ^es-
i sion met with the appiobatton of decided majorities in both
j Houses of Congress. Indeed, m ditf'eient forms-, a bill ma-
king an appropuation of two millions; of doflais passed each
■ House, and it is much to be iegretted that it did not become
; a law. The reasons winch induced me to lecommend the
! im-d-ute at that time still exist; and I agam submit the sub-
l jeet lor your convidoiation, and suggest the importance of
! early action upon it. Should the appropriation be made and
I be not needed, it will remain m the tieasury: should it be
' deemed proper to apply it, m whole or m pait, it will be
accounted for a^ other public evpcnditure<<.
j Immediately after Congress had recognised the existence
of the war with Mexico, my attention "was directed to the
' danger that piivateeis might be fitted out in the ports of
j Cuba and Porto Rico, to prey upon the commerce of the
j United States; and I invited the special attention of the
j {Spanish Government to the fourteenth aiticle of our treaty
with that Power, of the twentieth of Octobcr, l~9o, under
> which the citizens and subjects of either nation who shall
j take commissions oi letters of maique to act as privateers
against the other " shall be punished as pirates."
1 It affords me pleasure to inform jou that I have received
' assurances fiom the Spanish Government that this article of
, the treaty shall be faithfully observed on itepait. Orders
for this purpose were immediately transmitted from that
Government to the authorities of Cuba and Porto Itico to
; exert their utrno«f vigilance in preventing any attempts to
' fit out privateers in those islands against the United States.
From the good faith of Spam, I am fully satisfied that.this
1 treaty will bo executed in its spirit as well as its letter;
' whilst the United States will, on their part, faithfully per-
| form all the obligations which nimpose* on them.
; Information has been recently received at the Department
; of State that the Mexican Government has sent to Havana
j blank commissions to pnvateeis, and blank certificates of
. natuiahzation, signed hyGeneral Salas, the present head of
i the Mexicah Government. There is also reason to appre-
| hend that similar documents have been transmitted to other
