1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"3
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Message, of the President.
Senate Ho. op Reps.
pan? or the uiirkl. Copies of these papers, in translation,
are heiewith ti an emitted.
As tiie pielnmuaries required by the practice of civilized
nations for commissioning privateers and regulating their
conduct appear not to have been observed, and as these
commissions are m blank, to be filled up with the names of
citizens and subjects of all nations who maybe willm*to
purchase mem, the whole proceeding can only be construed
a* an invitation to all the freebooters upon earth, who are
willing to pay for the privilege, to cruise against American
commerce. It will be lor our courts of justice to decide
whether, under such ciicumstances, these Mexican letters
of marque and reprisal shall pi oteet those who accept them,
and comma robberies upon the high seas under their au-
thomy, tiom tile pains and penalties of piracy.
If the certificates of naturalization thus granted be in-
tended by Mexico to shield Spanish subjects ftom the gudt
and punishment of pirates, under our treaty with Spam,
they wnl ceiuunly prove unavailing. Such a subterfuge
would bp 0(31 a weak device to defeat the provisions of a
solemn treaty.
, escaping . .        
shall be found guilty of pnvat?enng against the United
States. I do not apprehend rerious danger from these pri
vateers. Our navy will be constantly on the alert to prouct
our commerce. Besides, in case prizes should be made of
American vessels, the utmost vigilance will be exerted by
our blockading squadioii to prevent the captors fiom taking
them into Mexican ports, and it is not apprehended that any,
nation will violate its neutiahty by suffering such piizes to'
be condemned and sold within its jurisdiction.
I lecommo'id that Congress should immediately provide
by law for granting letter of marque and leprisal against
vessels under the Mexican flag. It is true that there aie but
few, if ati), c ..mnieteial vessels of Mexico upon the high
seas; and it is, thereto* e, not probable that many American
pnvateeis would be fitted out, in ca-e a law should pass au-
thonzmg this mode of warfare, it is, notwithstanding, cer-
tain tli.it such privateers may render good seivice to the
commeicial interests of the eountiy by recapturing our
merchant ships, should any be taken by armed vessels undre
the Me cau flag, as well as by capturing these vessels
themselves. Every means within oui power should be ren-
dered available tor the protection of our commerce.
The annual repoit of the Seeretaiy of the Treasury will
exhibit a detailed statement of the condition of the finances.
The impoits for the fiscal year ending on the thirtieth of
June la-^t were of the value of one hundred and twenty-
one million six hundred and ninety-one thousand seven
hundred and ninety-seven dollars; of which the amount
expotted w$3 eleven million three hundred and forty six
thousand sk hundred and twenty-three dollars, leaving the
amount retained in the country for domestic consumption
one hundied and ten million three hundred nnd foity-five
thousand one hundred and seventy-foui dollars. The value
of the expmts lor the same penod was one hundred and
thirteen million foui hundied and eighty eight thousand five
hundied and sixteen dollars; of which one hundied and two
million one hundred and foity-one thousand eight hundied
and mnety-thrte dollar consisted of domestic productions,
and eleven million thine hundied and forty-six thousand six
hundred and twenu-three doliais of loieign article*.
The receipts into the trea&uiv for the same year were
twentv.nme million four hundied and ninety-nine thousand
two hundied and foitv-seven dollars and six cents: of which
thoie wa*> derived from customs twenty-six million seven
hundied and twelve thousand six hundied and sixty-seven
dollars and eighty-seven cents; fiom sales of public lands
two million six hundred and ninety-five thousand four hun-
dred and fifty-two dollars and forty eight cents; and from
incidental and miscellaneous sources ninety-two thousand
one hundred and twenty-six dollars and seventy-one cents.
The expenditures for the same period were twenty-eight
million thirty-one thousand one hundred and fouiteen dollars
and twenty cents, and the balance in the treasury on the
first day of July last was nine million one hundied and
twenty-six thousand four hundred and thnty-iune doliais
and eight cents.
The amount of the public debt, including treasury notes,
on the first of the present month was twenty-four million
two hundred and fiffy-«ix thousand four hundred and ninety-
four dollars and sixty cents; ot which the sum of seventeen
million seven hundred and eighty-eight thousand seven hun-
dred and ninety-nine dollars and sixty-two cents was out-
standing ori the fouith of March, 1845, leaving tbe amount
incurred since that time six million four hundred and sixty-
seven thousand six hundied and ninety-four dollars and
ninety-eight cents.
In order to piojecute the war with Mexico with vigor and
ene'gv, as the best means of bringing it to a speedy and
lionoiable termination, a further loan will be neces«aiyto
meet the expenditures for the present and the next fiscal
years. If the war should be continued until the thirtieth of
June. 18-18—bemj  the end of the next fiscal year—it is esti-
mated that an additional loan of twenty-three millions of
doliais w ill be required. This estimate is made upon the
assnmption that it will be necessary to retain constantly in
the treasury foui millions of dollars, to guard against con-
tingencies. If such surplus were not required to be retain-
ed, then a loan of nineteen million** of dollars would be
sufficient. If, however, Congress should at the present
session, impose a revenue duty on the principal articles
now embiaeed m the fiee list, it is estimated that an addi-
tional annual revenue of about two millions and a half,
amounting, it is estimated, on the thirtieth of June, 1848, to
four millions of doliais, would be derived from that source;
and the loan required would be reduced by that amount.
It is estimated, also, that should Congiess giaduate and
reduce the puce of such of the public lands as have been
long ni the market, the additional revenue derived from that
source would be annually, for several years to come, be-
tween half a million and a million of dollars; and the loan
required may be reduced by that amount also. Should
these measures be adopted, the loan required would not
probably exceed eighteen or nineteen millions ctf dollars-
leaving in the treasury a constant surplus of four millions of
doliais. Trie loan pioposed, it is estimated, will be sufficient
to cover the necessary expenditures, both for the war and for
all other pu.poses, up to the thirtieth of June, 1848; and an
amount of tins loan, not exceeding one-half, maybe required
during tbe present fiscal year, and the greater part of the re-
mainder duung the first half of the fiscal year succeeding.
In order that timely notice may be given, andpropei meas-
j ures tiken to effect the loan, or such portion of it as may
j he required, it is important that the authority ol Congress to
i make it be given at an early period of your presentsession.
i It is suggested that the loan should be contracted for a period
j of twenty years, with authority to purchase the stock and
j pay it oft, at «n em her period, at its market value, out of
, any surplus which may at any time b*e in the treasury apph-
J c-jbie to that puipose. After the establishment of peace with
: Mexico, it is supposed that a considerable surplus will exist,
I and that the debt may he extinguished in a much shoi ter
! period than that for which it may be contracted. The period
j of twenty vear3,as that for which the proposed loan may be
; contracted, in preference to a shorter period, i* suggested,
because all experience, botn at home and abroad, has shown
that loans are cilected upon much better teum upon long
! time, than wh^n they are reunhuibable at short dates.
Necessary a© this measure i , to sustain the honor and the
I interests o." the country, engaged in a foreign war, it is not
J doubted but that Congress will promptly autnoiize it.
The balance in the tr>.asuiy on the first of July last ex-
ceeded time millions of dollars, notwithstanding considerable
cxpendiuues had been made for the war during the moutns
or Ma> and June ptecedntg. But loi the war, the whole
| puulic debt could and would have been extinguished within
| a short p.niod ; anu it was a part of my settled policy to do
so, and tnus relieve the people from its burden, anil place
, the Government in a position which would enable it to re-
| duee the public expenditures to that economical standard
j winch is most consistent with the geneial welfare, and the
I puie and wholesome progress of our nictiiutioim.
Among our just cau-.es of complaint against Mexico,
arising out ot her refusal to treat for peace, as well beiore
as iince the war so unjustly commenced on her part, are
the extraordinary expenditures m winch we have b&en
involved. Justice to our own people will make it proper
that Mexico should be held lesponsible for these expendi-
tures.
Economy in the public expenditures js at ail times a high
duty which all public functionaries of ttre Government owe
to me people. Tins duty becomes the more imperative in a
penod of war, when large and extiaoidmarv expenditures
bccome unavoidable. Duiing the exigence oftiie war with
Mexico all our lesouices snould be hu.-barnied, and no ap-
propriations made except .-uch as arc absolutely necessary
foi its vigorous prosecution and the, due adnum-tiation of
the Government. Objects of apptopriation winch in peace
nia) b'. deemed useful or piopei, but wliu h are riot inde-
pendable ior the public seivice, may, when the eountiy is
engaged m a foreign war, be well postponed to a future pe-
riod. Bj the oboei\ance of tins policy at \ our present ses-
sion, large amounts may be saved to the* tieu-ury, and be
applied to objects of pressing and urgent necessity,* and thus
the cieation of a corresponding amount of public debt may
be avoided.
It i> not meant to recommend that the ordinary and ne-
cessary appiopnations for the supportof Government should
be withheld, but it is well known that at every session of
Congress appropnations are pi opo.-ed for numeious objects
which may or may not be made, without materially affect-
ing the public interests; and these it is recommended should
not be granted.
The act parsed at your last session "reducing the duties
on imports" not having gone into operation until tiie first of
the present month, there has not been tune for its practical
effect upon the levenue, and the business of the eountiy, to
be developed. It i^ not doubted, however, that the just
policy which it adopts will add hugely to our foreign tiade,
and promote the general pio^perity. Although it cannot
be certainly foreseen what amount of revenue it will yield,
it is estimated that it will exceed that produced by the act
of 1842, which it superseded. The leading principles es-
tablished by it aie,to levy the taxes with a view to raise
revenue, and to impose them upon the articles imported
according to their actual value.
The act of 184-2, by the excessive rates of duty which it
imposed on many articles, either totally excluded them fiom
importation, oi greatly reduced the amount imported, and
thus diminished instead of producing revenue. By it the
taxes were imposed not for the legitimate purpose of raiding
revenue, biittoaftoid advantages to favoied classes, at the
expense of a laige majority of then fellow-citizens. Those
employed in agriculture, mechanical pursuits, commerce,
and navigation, were compelled to contribute from their
substance to swell the profit- and oveigrown wealth of the
comparauvely few who had invested their capital in manu-
factures. - The taxes were not levied m propomon to the
value of the articles upon which they were imposed; but,
widely departing fiom tins just rule, the lighter taxe< were,
m many cases, levied upon articles of luxury and hum
price, and the heavier taxes on those of necessity and low
price, consumed by the great mass of the people. It was a
system the inevitable cffectof which was to i eh eve favored
classes and the wealthy few fiom contributing then just
proportion for tbe support of Government, and to lay the
burden on the labor of the many engaged in other pursuits
than manufactuies.
A system so unequal and unjust has been superseded by
the existing law, which imposes duties not for the benefit
or injury of classes or pursuits, but distributes, and, as far
as practicable, equalizes the public burdens among all
classes and occupations. Tiie favored clause*, who, under
the unequal and unpist system which has been repealed,
have heretofore realized large profits, and many of them
amassed large fortunes, at the expense of tbe many who
have been made tnbutary to them, will have no reason to
complain if they shall be required to beai their just propor-
tion of the taxes necessary for the support of Government.
So far fiom it, it will be perceived, by an examination ot the
existing law, that discriminations in the rates of duty im-
posed, within the revenue principle, have been retained in
their favor. The incidental aid against foreign competition
which they still enjoy gives them an advantage which ik>
other pursuits possess; but of this none others will com-
plain, because the duties levied are necessary for revenue.
These levenue duties, including freights and charges, whicli
the importer must pay before he can come in competition
with the home manufacturer in our markets, amount, on
nearly all our leading branches of manufacture, to more
than one-third of the value of the imported article, and in
some cases to almost one-hal fits value. With such advan-
tages, it is not doubted that our domestic manufacturers will
continue to prosper, realizing m well-conducted establish-
ments even greater profits than can be derived from any
other regular business. Indeed, so far from requiring the
protection of even incidental revenue duties, our manufac-
turers m several leading branches arc extending their busi-
ness, giving evidence of great ingenuity and skill, and Of
their ability to compete, with increased prospect of success,
foi the open market of the world. Domestic manufactures,
to the v.iiur of seveial millions of dollars, which cannot find
a market at home, are annually exported to foreign coun-
tries. With such rates of duty as those established by the
existing law, the system will probably be permanent; and
capitalists, who have made, or shall heieatter make, their
investments in manufactures, will know upon what to rely.
The country will be satisfied with these rates, because the
advantages which the manufacturers still enjoy result ne-
cessarily from the collection of revenue for the support of
Government. High protective duties, fiom their unjust
operation upon the masses, of the people, cannot fail to give
rise to extensive dissatisfaction and complemt, and to con-
stant efforts to change or repeal them, rendering all invest-
ments in manufactures uncertain and pieeauous. Lower
and more permanent rates of duty, at the same time that
they will yield to the manufacture! fair and remunerating
profits, will secure him against the danger of frequent
changes in the system, which cannot fail luinously to affect
his interests.
Simultaneously with the relaxation of the restrictive
policy by the United States, Great Britain, from whose
example we derived the system, has relaxed hers. Sbe has
modified her corn laws, aiid reduced many other duties to
moderate revenue rates. After ages of experience, the
statesmen of that country have been constrained by a stem
necessity, and by a puobe opinion having its deep founda-
tion in the suftenngs and wants of impoverished millions,
to abandon a system the cflect of which was to buildup
immense fortunes in the bands of the few, and to reduce the
laboring "millions to pauperism and misery. Nearly in the
same ratio that kiboi w.is deposed, capital was increased
and concentrated b> the Dnusli protective policy.
I The eviU of the system in Great Butain were at length
i rendered intolerable, and it ha* been abandoned, but not
I without a seveie snuggle on the part of the protected and
; tavored classe1- to retain tbe unju.-t advantage* which they
have so long enjoyed, it was to be expected that a similar
struggle would be made bv the same classes m the United
States, whenever an attempt was made to modify or abolish
the same unju-t system here Tbe piotecuve policy had
been in operation in the United States for a much shorter
period, and its pernicious effects were not, therefore, so
clearly perceived and felt. Enough? however, was known
of these effects to induce its rep°al.
It would be stiange if, in the face of the example of Great
Britain, our principal foreign customer, and of the evils of a
system rendered manifest in that eountiy by long and pain-
ful experience, and in the face of the immense advantages
which, under a more liberal commercial policy, we are
already deriving, and must continue to derive, by supplying
her starving population with food, the United States should
restore a policy which she has been compelled to abandon,
and thus dimmish her ability to purchase from us the food
and other articif-. which she so much needs, and we so much
desiie to sell. By the simultaneous abandonment of the
protective policy by Great Britain and the United States,
now and important markets have already been opened for
our agncultuial and other products; commerce and navi-
gation have received a new impulse; labor and trade have
been released from the artificial trammels which have so
long fettered them ; and to a great extent leoiprocity, in the
exchange of commodities, has been introduced at the same
time by both countries, and greatly for the benefit of both.
Great Britain has been foiced, bvtho pressure of ciicum-
stafices at home, to abandon a policy which ha« been upheld
toi ages, and to open her markets for out immense surplus of
breadnuffs ; and it is confidently believed that other Powers
ofEmope will ultimately see the wisdom, if they be not
compelled by the pauperism and «ufieimgs of their crowded
population, to pursue a Mimiar polity.
Our farmers are more deenlv interested in maintaining the
just and liberal policy of the existing law than any other
class of our citizens. They constitute a large majority of
our population ; and it is well known that when tbev pros-
per, all othei pursuits pio-per al^o. They have heretofore
not only received none of the bounties or favors of Govern-
ment, but, by the unequal operations of the protective policy,
have been made, by the burdens of taxation which it im-
posed, to contribute to the bounties which have enriched
otheis.
When a foreign as well as a home market is opened to
them, tney mu-t rcccive, as they are now receiving, in-
creased price* for their products. They will find a readier
sale, and at better prices, for their wheat, flour, rice, In-
dian corn, beef, pork, lard, butter, chce&e, and other articles,
winch thev produce. The home maiket alone is inadequate
to enable them to dispose of the immense surplus of food
and other articles winch they are capable of producing,
even at the most reduced prices, for the manifest reason
that they cannot be consumed in the country. The United
States can, from their immense sui plus,supply riot only the
home demand, but the deficiencies of food lequiied by the
whole world.
That the reduced production of some of tiie chief articles
of food in Great IJutam, and other parN of Europe, may
have contributed to increase the demand for our breadstuff's
and provisions, is not doubted; but that^the great and effi-
