APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
cient cause of this increased demand, and of increased
priccs, consists in the removal of artificial restrictions here-
tofore imposed, ifdeemed to be equally certain. That our
exports of food, already increased and increasing beyond
former example, under the more Iibeial policy wiuch has
been adopted, will be still vaslly enlaiged, unjess they be
checked or prevented by a restoration of the protective pol-
icy, cannot be doubted. That our commercial and naviga-
ting interests will be enlarged in a corresponding ratio with
the increase of our trade is equally certain; while our man-
ufacturing interests will still be the favored interests of the
country, and receive the incidental protection afi'oi ded them
by revenue duties; and more than this they cannot justly
demand.
In my annual message of December last, a taiiff of rev-
enue duties, based upon the principles of the existing law
was recommended, and X have seen no reason to change the
opinions then expressed. Jn view of the probable benefi-
cial effects of that law, I recommend that the policy estab-
lished by Jt be maintained, ft has but just commenced to
operate; and to abandon or MGdify it without giving it a
fair tnal, would he inexpedient and unwise. Should de-
fects m any of its details be ascertained by actual expe-
rience to exist, these may be heieatter corrected; but until
such defects shall become manifest, the act should be fanly
tested.
It is submitted for your consideration whether it may not
be proper, as a war measure, to impose revenue duties on
some of the articles now embraced in the free list. Should
it be deemed proper to impose buch duties, with a view to
raise revenue to meet the expenses of the war with Mexico,
or to avoid to that extent the creation of a public debt, they
tony he repealed when the emergency which gave rise to
them shall cease to exist, and constitute no part ol the per-
manent policy of the country.
The act of the sixth of August last," to provide for the
4 better organization of the treasuiy, and for the collection,
4 safekeeping transfer, and disbursement of the public rcv-
4 enue," lias been earned into e\ecuuon as rapidly as the
delay nece^aniy arising out of the appointment of new offi-
cers, taking and approving their bonds, and propaung and
securing proper places for the safekeeping of the public
money, would pet nut. It is not proposed to depart m any
respect from the principles oi policy on which this great
measure is founded. There aie, however, defect:; m the
details of the measure, developed by it* practical operation,
which are fully set forth m the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to which the attention of Congress is invited,
these defects would impair to some extent the Successful
operation of the law at all tunes, but are especially embar-
rassing when the country is engaged in a war, when the ex-
penditures are greatly increased, when loans are to bo effect-
ed, and the disbursements are to he made at points many
hundred miles dn-tant, in some cases, from any depository,
and a large portion of them in a foreign country. The mo-
difications suggested m the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury are recommended to jour favorable consideration.
In connexion with this subject, I invite youi attention to
the importance of establishing a branch of the mint of the
United States at New York. Two-thirds of the revenue
derived from customs being collected at that point, the de-
mand for spcci« to pav the duties will be largo ; and a blanch
mint, where foreign coin and bullion could be immediately
converted into American coin, would (neatly facilitate the
tinnsaction ot the pnbhc binine^s, enlace the eiicuhuion of
gold and pilver. and be, at the same tiiw, a safe depoMtoiy
of the public money.
The importance of graduating and reducing the puce of
Much of the public land* as hove been long offered in the
maikot at the minimum rate authorized bv existing laws,
and remain unswld, induces me again to recommend the
subject to your favorable consideration. Many millions of
aercs of these lands have been offered in the market for
more than thirty years, and laiger quantities for moo than
ten or twenty year?.; and being of an inferior quality, tliev
must remain unsaleable for an indefinite peuod, unless the
price at which they maybe purchased '.hall be reduced. To
place a price upon them above their real value is not only
to prevent their sale, and thereby deprive the treasury of
any income fiom that source, but is unjust to the States m
which they he, because it letards their growth and increase
of population, and because they have no power to levy a
tax upon them as upon other lands within their limits, held
by other proprietors than the United States, for the suppoit I
of their local governments. I
The bencficial effects of the graduation principle have '
been realized by some of the States owning, the lands with- i
in their limits, in which it has been adopted. They have
been demonstrated also by the United States acting as the ■
trustee of the Chickasaw tribe of Indians in the sale of their '
lands lying within the States of Mississippi and Alabama. :
The Chickasaw lands, which would not command in the '
market the minimum price established by the laws of the
United States for the sale of their lands, weio. m nui- ,
suance of the treaty of 1834 with that tribe, subsequently ■
offered tor sale at graduated and reduced rates for limited i
periods. The result was that large quantities of these !
lands were purchased, which would otherwise have 1
temained unsold. The lands were disposed of at their reil !
value, and many persons of limited means were enabled to '
purchase small tracts upon which thev have settled with !
their families. That similar results would he pioduced by I
the adoption of the graduation policy by the United States
in all the States in which they ate the owners of large bodies 1
of lands which have been long m the market, cannot be '
doubted, ft cannot ha a sound policy to withhold large !
quantities of the public lands from the use-and occupation
of our citizens, by fixing upon them prices which experi-
ence has shown they will not command. On the contiary
it is a wise policy to afford facilities to our citizens to be-
comethe owneis, at low and moderate rates, of freeholds of
tiicir own, instead of being the tenants and dependants of
others. If it be apprehended that these lands, if reduced in
price, would be secured in large qtientities by speculators
or capitalists, the sales may be restricted, m limited quan-
tities, to actual settlers, or persons purchasing foi purposes
of cultivation.
In my !a*t annual message I submitted for the consid-
eration of Concress the present system of managing the
mineral lands of the United States, and recommended that
they should be brought into maiket and sold, upon such
terms and under such restrictions as Congress might pie-
scribe. By the act of the eleventh of July last, " the reserved
'lead mines and contiguous lands in the States of Illinois
'and Arkansas and Teintories of Wisconsin and Iowa,"
were authorized to be sold. The act is confined,* in its
operation, to "lead mines and contiguous lands."
A lai2"e poition of the public lands containing copper and
other ores is represented to be veiy valuable, and i recom-
mend that provision be made authorizing the sale of these
lands, upon such terms and conditions as their supposed
value may, in the judgment of Congress, be deemed advisa-
ble, having due regard to the interests of such of our citizens
j j as may be located upon them.
■ j It will be important, duung your present session, to ostab-
'1 lish a tsiiitoiial government and to extend the juiisdiction
11 and lavi s of the United States over the Temtory of Oregon,
n Oui laws regulating trade and intercourt-e with the Indian
11 tubes east ot the Rocky Mountains, should be extended to
! the Pacific Ocean; and for the purpose of executing thein, :
| and pie^erving fiiendly relations with the Indian tribes
i within our hunts, an additional numbei of Indian agencies
I will be required, and should be authoiized by law. The
' establishment of custom-houses, and of post offices and post
roads, and provision tor the transportation of the mail on
such routes as the public convenience will suggest, require
legislative authority. It will be proper, also, to establish a
surveyor gcneial's office m that territory, and to make the
necessary provision for suiveywg the public lands, and
bringing them into market. As our citizens who now reside
iu that distant legion have been subjected to many hard-
ships, privations and sacrifices m their emigiation, and by
then improvements have enhanced the value, of the public
laiuK in the neighboihood of their settlements, it i  recom-
mended that Iibeial giants be made to them of such portions
ot the^e lands as they may occupy, and that similar grants
or ughty of preemption be made to all who may emigrate
thither within a limited peuod, to be piescnbed by law.
The report of the Secietaiy or War contains detailed in-
formation relative to the several branches ot the public ser-
vice connected with that depaitment. The operations of
the army have been of a satisfactory and highly gratifying
character.
I rocommend to your early and favorable consideration
the measiues proposed by the Secietaiy of War for speedily
filling np the lank and file of the regular army, tor its greater
efiicieney in the fleld. and foi raising an additional force to
serve during the war with Mexico.
Euibariassinent js likely to ause for want of legal pro-
vision authoiizmg compensation to be made to the agents
cmplojed m the several States and Territoues to pay the
revolutionaiy and other pensioneis the amounts allowed
them by law. Yotu attention is invited to the lecominenda-
turns ot the Secietary oi War on this subject. These agents
! incur heavy responsibilities and peifoim impoitant dimes,
i and no reason exists why they should not be placed on the
! same footing, as to compensation, with other disbursing
! officer?,
I Our relations with the vaiious Indian tribes continue to
j lie of a pacific chai deter. The unhappv dissensions which
I have e.\jsted among the Cherokee^ toi many yeais past
J have been healed. Since my last annual message lmpoi-
. tunttieaties have been negotiated with some ol the tubes,
i by winch the Indian title to laige tiac-t" ot valuable land
J within the limits of the States and Territoues ha.* been
; extinguished, >im1 airangements madeloi removing ihem to
, the eountiy west of the Mississippi. Between thiee and
| lour thousand, ofdiileient tribes, have been removed to the
' eountiy ptovided for them by tieaty stipulations, and
I anangements have been made foi otheis to follow.
In our inteicouise with the scveial tribes particular atten-
tion lias been given to the important subject of education.
t The number of schools established among them lias been
increased, and additional means provided, not only for
teaching them the rudiments o£ education, but of instructing
i them m agncultuie and the mechanic arts.
j I lefer jou to the report of the Secietary of the Navy for
• a s^atisfaetoiy view of the operations of the department
j under his charge duung the pastycai. It is gratifying to
i perceive, that while the war with Mexico has rendeied it
| necessary to emploj an unusual number of our armed ves-
; sols on her coasts, the piotection due to our commerce in
I othei quartets of the world has not proved msuffit ient. No
i means will be spaied to give ctficiency to the naval service
i m uie psexecution of the war; and I am happy to know
[ that the officeis and men anxiously desiie to devote tliein-
I selves to the sciviee of their country in any enterprise,
] however difficult of execution.
j 1 recommend to your favorable consideration the propo-
! suion to add to each ol our foieign squadions an efficient
! sea steamer, and, as especially demanding attention, the
i establishment at Pcnsacola of the necessary means of re-
pairing and refitting the vessels of the navy employed in the
Gulf of Mexico.
i Thcne are other suggestions in the report which deserve,
, and, I doubt not, will receive, your consideration.
The progress and condition of the mail sei vice for the
past year arc fully picsentcd in the report of the Postmaster
General. The levenue for the year ending on the thirtieth
of June la^t amounted to three million lour hundred and
eighty-seven thousand one hundred and nmety-nine dollars,
j which is eight hundred and two thousand six hundred and
forty-two dollars and forty-five cents less than that of the
preceding year. The payments for that department du-
, ring the same, time amounted to four million eighty-four
thousand two hundred and ninety-seven dollars and tvventy-
j two cents. Of this sum five hundred and ninety-seven
j thousand and ninety-seven dollars and eighty cents have
' been drawn from the treasury. The disbursements for the
i year were two hundred and thirty-six thousand four hundred
! and thirty-four dollars and seventy-seven cents Jess than
: those of the pieedmgyear. While the disbursements have
i been thus diminished, the mail facilities have been en-
' Uuged by new mail routes of five thousand seven hundred
and thirty-nine miles; an increase of transportation of
one million seven hundred and sixty-four thousand one
hundied and foity-five miles, and the establishment of
four hundred and eighteen new post offices. Contract-
ors, postmasters, and others, engaged in this branch of
the service, have performed their duty with energy and
faithfulness deserving commendation. For many interest-
ing details connected with the operations of this establish-
ment, you are referred to the report of the Postmaster Gen-
erai; and his suggestions for improving its revenues are
recommended to your fuvoiable consideration. I repeat the
opinion expressed in my last annual Message, that the busi-
ness of this department should be so regulated, that the rev-
enues derived fiom it should be made to equal the expendi-
tuips; and it is believed that this may be done by proper
modifications of the present laws, as suggested in the report
of the Postmaster General, without changing' the piesens
rate.? of postage.
With full reliance imon the wisdom and patriotism of
your deliberations, it will be my duty, as it will he my
anxious desire, to coopeiate with you in every constitutional
effort to promote the WPlfare and maintain the honor of our
common country. JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, December 8, 1846.
REPORT ON THE FINANCES.
Treasury Department,
December 9, 1846.
In obedience to the "Act supplementary to the
act to establish the Treasury Department,iy the
undersigned respectfully submits the following re«
port:
The receipts and expenditures for the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1846, were as follows:
receipts ant) means.
From customs $26,'712.667 87
Fiom sales of' public lands 2,694^452 48
From miscellaneous sources *92,136 71
Total receipts 29,494,247 06
Add balance in the treasury 1st July, 1845   7,658^305 22
j Total means 37,157,553 28
i The expenditures duung the same fiscal year
j amounted to the sum of. , 88,031,114 20
j Leaving a balance in the treasury on the 1st,
I July, 1846, (as appears m detail by accom-
! panying statement A,) of 9,126,439 08
The estimated receipts and expenditures for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, IS 17, are as foliowg:
receipts, viz:
From customs, 1st quarter, by actual returns
of the collectors $6,153,825 38
For 2d, 3d, and 4th quarters, as estimated 21^681,904 6a
Total from customs 27,835,731 00
From sales of public lands   .3,400.000 00
From miscellaneous sources 100^000 00
i Total receipts, exclusive of treasury notes and
loans 31,335,731 00
From treasury notes undei the
act of 22d July. 1846 .$5,000,000 00
From loan under the same act.. .5,000,000 00
    10,000,000 00
Add balance in the treasury 1st July, 1846 9,126,139 08
Total means as estimated 50,462,170 OS
expenditures, viz:
The actual expenditures for the
1st quarter, ending 30th of
September, 1846, (as appears
in detail by the accompan j ing
statement B,) amount to'.., .($14,088,661 27
The estimated expenditures for
the public service during the
other thiee quarters, from
1st October, 1846, to 30th of
June, 1847, are as follows,
viz:
Civil list, foreign intei course,
and miscellaneous purposes, 5,310,022 61
Atmy proper, including volun-
teers  19,579,437 83
Fortifications, ordnance, aim-
ing militia, &c  2,371,763 38
Indian Department  1,643,772 18
Pensions  1,498,612 62
Interest on the public debt and
treasury noted.   1,036,986 82
Redemption of the residue of
the loan of 1841  3,000 00
Treasuiy notes which are yet
outstanding and payable
when presented  430,183 97
Naval establishment  9,278,771 41
- *55,241,212 <
Excess of expenditures over means 1st July,
1847    4,779.042 01
The estimated receipts, means, and expenditures for the
* The sum of $550,000 for supplying deficiencies of rev-
enue from postage, and also $200,000 for postages of Con-
gress and of the Executive Departments, are included in the
above sum.
