10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 8,
,29th Gong.....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sr.nate & Ho. of Reps.
through the medium of agencies existing, or to be
created there, and by the operation of foreign bills
of exchange, are not sufficiently defined by law.
This authority, which experience has shown to be
neccssary at all times, is now rendered of the
highest importance by the payments and disburse-
ments required to he made in so many portions of
the Republic of Mexico, and many of them so dis-
tant from any depository. The great object in
these cases would not be to circulate paper among
our troops in Mexico, but to facilitate the obtain-
ing and transferring specie there for circulation,
through the operations of foreign exchange, on
terms highly advantageous to the Government.
It being the anxious desire of this department,
even for bcncficial purposes, never to exercise any
doubtful powers, the propriety of some more clear
and adequate provisions on this subjectissubmitted
to the enlightened consideration of Congress.
In connexion with the amendments proposed to
the bill organizing the constitutional treasury, far
the most important would be the establishment of
a branch of the mint of the United States at the
city of New York, to perform, among its other
functions, the duties appertaining to a depository
of the public money. During the period of more
than half a century, the mint and branch mints
have had deposited with them about one hundred
and sixteen millions of gold and silver bullion and
coin, no portion of which has ever been lost to the
Government; and as two-thirds of our whole rev-
enue is collected at the city of New York, a branch
there would place beyond all hazard the security
of the public money, and at the same time greatly
enlarge the circulation of gold and silver. For the
reasons stated in my last annual report, foreign
gold coin will not, to any extent circulate as a cur-
rency among the people. It is necessary that this
coin should receive the American stamp, by re-
coinage at our own mint, into eagles, half and
quarter eagles, in order to enable it to pass into
generalcirculation. When we consider the vast
amount of foreign coin that is brought into the
city of New York, through the operations of busi-
ness as well as of the custom-house there, as also
by emigrants from abroad, the importance of con-
verting all this at once there into American coin
can scarcely be over-estimated. If the specie
now flowing within our limits remains in foreign
coin, it may find its wav, not into circulation,
buf into the vaults of the banks, where it might
be mad^ the basis, as often heretofore, of bank
and paper expansions, and, if so, ruinous revul-
sions could not fail to ensue. It is important to
all the great interests of the country, hut espe-
cially to manufacturers, that the currency should
not be redundant or depreciated, and excessive
imports of foreign merchandise brought as a con-
sequence into the country. Jn connexion with the
constitutional treasury, a branch of the mint at
New York would be most useful in converting the
foreign into American coin, encouraging thereby
its circulation among the people, instead of triple
and quadruple issues of bank paper.
We are beginning to realize the benefits of the
new tariff, many imports having been warehoused
in anticipation of the new duties, and some already
paid. By free interchange of commodities, the
foreign market is opened to our agricultural pro-
ducts, our tonnage and commerce are rapidly aug-
menting, our exports enlarged, and the price en-
hanced; exchanges are in our favor, and specie is \
flowing within our limits. The country was never
more prosperous, and we have never enjoyed such
large and profitable markets for all our products.
This is not the result of an inflated currency, but
is an actual increase of wealth and business.
Whilst agriculture, commerce, and navigation,
released from onerous taxes and restrictions, are
thus improved and invigorated, manufactures are
not depressed. The large profits of manufacturers
may be in some cases somewhat diminished, but
that branch of industry, now reposing more on its
own skill and resources, is still prosperous and
progressive. New manufactories are being erect-
ed throughout the country, and still yield a greater
profit, in most cases, than capital invested in other
pursuits.
Commerce between nations is but an exchange
of their respective products, specie liquidating only
the occasional fluctuating balances, and cannot
long be maintained to any great extent by sales
for specie only. Thus, if England opens her mar-
kets to our products, whilst we exclude by high
duties most of the fabrics she would sell in ex-
change, her spccic would rapidly diminish, and
such a commerce must languish and decline. She
might still, from necessity, purchase a portion of
our products; but a necessity equally stern and
irresistible from exhausted means would soon
compel her to reduce the purchases and price, and
thus dimmish the balance demanded from her in
specie. To maintain, then, permanently, a pro-
fitable commerce with England, the barriers must
be broken down on both sides; her corn laws re-
pealed, and our duties reduced, so as to permit an
exchange of her fabrics for our products. With
high duties on our part, we could realize but little
! permanent advantage from the repeal of her corn
laws. Such high duties would continue in force,
as against our farmers, the British corn laws,
nearly as effectually as though they had never
been repealed. Before the repeal of those laws,
the advocates of our protective policy conceded
that, if England would open her markets for our
breadstuffs and provisions, we should receive her
fabrics tn exchange. Now her markets are thus
opened to these products, and the friends of a pro-
tective tariff, abandoning their former position,
would still arrest by high duties the exchange of
English fabrics for our breadstuffs and provisions.
If the reduced duties are continued on both sides,
so as to permit a reciprocal interchange of com-
modities, the foreign market now opened for our
breadstuffs and provisions must be maintained.
Our farmers now have and must retain our
home market, with or without the tariff, because
breadstuffs and provisions canuot profitably be
imported here. The few diverted from farming to i
manufactures by a high tariff bear no comparison
in number with the people of the world, whose
maikets are lost in whole or in part by high du-
ties. Nor is it chiefly the farmers, but the mer-
chant, the ship-builder, and ship-owner, the sea-
man, and the thousands of laborers in the marts
of our foreign commerce, that furnish much the
larger poition of those who are driven by a high
tariff from existing pursuits into manufactures;
and consuming, as they all did, our own bread-
stuffs and provisions, as well before as after this
change of their pursuits, no additional market is
thereby sccured to the farmer. Indeed, there is
an absolute loss, tn so far as the machinery of the
manufacturer, which consumes no breadstuffs or
provisions, is substituted for the manual labor en-
gaged in agriculture, commerce, and navigation.
The number of manufacturers would not be in-
creased (if increased at all) more than one-tenth
by the difference, between the tariff of J842 and
that of 1846; and of that tenth more than one-half
would not have changed from agricultural pursuits.
In the mean time, when commerce and navigation
flourish under low duties, a larger number of con-
sumers of breadstuffs and provisions are diverted
to those pursuits from agriculture than would be
driven from it into manufactures bv high duties1.
Nothing, then, is gained m a home market to the
farmer by high duties, whilst the markets of the
world are lost or diminished. The population of
I the world is now one thousand millions, increas-
| ing at the rate of not less than ten millions per an-
| num, with but little augmentation anywhere of
I breadstuffs and provisions, except in our own
! country; yet our farmers are asked to abandon
I this immense market m the vain attempt to create
! an adequate home market by sacuficing agricul-
j ture, commerce, and navigation, for the benefit of
j manufactures.
; Experience is against the protective policy. In
| England, after a long trial and ruinous results, it
I is abandoned, and here, under the tariff of 1842,
| the price of breadstuffs and provisions fell, and
have now risen with the reduction of duties and
the opening of a foreign market. From a long
peace, Europe is becoming so densely populated,
that her poorer soil, and more uncertain climate,
afford a less adequate supply of food from year to
year for her rapidly increasing population. Under
a system of low duties and a reciprocal interchange
of commodities, it will be the interest, not only of
Britain, but also of most of the continent of
Great ] , __   
Europe, to take a larger supply of food from us;
but by arresting this exchange of their fabrics for
our products, it becomes their interest, and in fact
a necessity, to look for and encourage markets
elsewhere, and also, by extraordinary means and
high governmental bounties, to drive capital into
agriculture there, to supply the wants of their peo-
ple, unable to purchase our products, for which,
by high duties, we demand payment in specie. If
we receive the fabrics of Europe in exchange for
our products, it will be their interest to encourage
and enlarge that commerce, and it must go on rap-
idly augmenting, until our country becomes the
granary for Europe, and our export there of food
shall even exceed that of cotton, great as that is
destined to be under a system of low duties. With
this enlargement of our exports will come a cor-
respondent increase of our impoits, and a great
augmentation of the revenue of the Government
and of the prosperity of the people. There will
be a greater number more profitably engaged in
agriculture, commerce, and navigation. The in-
creased number and prosperity of those classes,
constituting four-fifths of the whole people, will
enable them greatly to extend their purchases; and
the manufacturers, by the increased ability and
means of our own people, will derive, in a series
of years, a greater benefit than by destroying the
ability of their customers, by excluding their prod-
ucts from the foreign market, and depriving them
to that extent of the means to purchase at home or
abroad. If the ship-builder constructs and the
navigator freights more vessels; if the farmer sells
more breadstuffs and provisions, and the planter
more cotton and at better prices; if the merchant
transacts a larger and more prosperous business;
if the seamen increase in number and receive bet-
ter wages; if the working classes employed m con-
nexion with trade in our American marts of foreign
commerce are increased and rendered more pros-
perous, they must all be enabled to purchase more
of our own manufactures and at better prices. Un-
der such a system of reciprocal intei chance of com-
modities with all the world, the great city of New
York would become (what she now is for.the States
of this Union) the great mart for the commerce of
the various nations of the earth. Located nearer
the centre of the commerce of the world than any
European city, she would go on augmenting, until
she had surpassed them all, and within her own
limits and suburbs would afford a larger home
market for our breadstuffs and provisions than the
whole number whom a protective tariff would drive
from agriculture to manufactures. Such would be
the eflect on New York as a market for breadstuffs
and provisions, whilst New Orleans, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and our other great commercial marts,
would move onward in an accelerated progress,
augmenting the demand for agricultural products
as well as for foreign and domestic manufactures.
This is the true method of building up a home
market for the products of all our industry. This
is the most equal, just, certain, and permanent, as
well as the most effectual and comprehensive pro-
tection and encouragement, not only of manufac-
tures, but also of agriculture, commerce, and navi-
gation, and the labor connected with every branch
of American industry. Table I (hereto annexed)
shows that the aggregate value of cotton, rice,
wheat, rye, Indian corn, oats, and barley, was, on
30th July, 1846, under the old tariff, $493,331,906,
and on the 1st JDecomber, 1846, when the new tariff
went into effect, $609,287,565; making an aggre-
gate differencs in the price of ^115,955^659. It is
true that the failure of certain crops in Great Brit-
ain and the continent has to some extent affected
prices; but then there are opposing causes, such
as the enormous freight, low exchange, &c.,
which, in the absence of reduced duties, must
have kept the piices on the 30th July and 1st of
December more nearly the same. If, however,
but sixty millions be added by the new tariff to
the value of the products of agriculture and the
profits of commerce and navigation, more than
one-half would be employed in purchases of do-
mestic fabrics, which, m the absence of those aug-
mented means and profits, could not have found a
market at fair prices at home or abroad. Whilst
vast sums have been and still are being expended
by the construction of railroads, canals, and other
improvements to Uansport our products to our
great seaboard cities, when they reach those
points, the farmer and planter, instead of finding
the ocean as a highway, prepared to carry their
crops free of all toll or tax to nil the world, met
