1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It
29th Cono 2i> Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate &s Ho. of Refs.
the laws of their own Government closing in whole
or in part that highway to those markets for their
products, by heavy duties on nearly all the fabrics
that can be sold in exchange.
The labor employed in agriculture, commerce,
and navigation, is as much American labor as that
engaged m manufactures, with less of machinery
as a substitute. As you depress these three great
interests, the demand for workmen in those pur-
suits is diminished. The labor thus deprived of
employment is thrown into the power of the man-
ufacturers, and must enable them to bring down
wages to the lowest point which will afford a
scanty subsistence; whereas, if agriculture, com-
merce, and navigation, are improved, as the result
ot low duties, there must be increased competition
and demand for labor, and its wages must be en-
hanced.
The home market can never be sufficient for our
rapidly increasing agricultural products; but it is
for all our manufactures, and for a vast amount
besides, which is imported yearly from abroad.
Let us enlarge the market for our own manufac-
tures at home, by removing taxation and restric-
tions from agriculture, commerce, arid navigation,
and, with augmented means, those engaged in
these pursuits will furnish a larger and better home
market for our manufactures, than they can ever
derive in a series of years by diminishing the prof-
its of other pursuits by high duties and onerous
restrictions. The great body of American con-
sumers, not engaged in manufactures, are the cus-
tomers of the manufacturer, and to affect injuriously
the means of those who purchase, must eventually
diminish the profits of those who sell the manu-
factures. By extending our own commerce, agri-
culture, and navigation, by increasing the profits
of those engaged in those pursuits, by relieving i
them from heavy taxes, ana opening to them un- |
restricted exchanges with all the world, a far larger |
and better and more permanent, and eventually ;
more profitable home market, will be secured to I
the manufacturers, than any the}'" can ever derive j
from diminishing the means of their customers j
engaged in other pursuits. When the farmer and ;
planter, the merchant and navigator, are most i
prosperous, they will purchase more of American i
^as well as foreign Manufactures. In this manner j
"labor, untaxed and nnresuicted by legislation, will |
find its way into the most natuial channels and j
prosperous pursuits, and the aggiegate wealth of j
the whole nation will advance most rapidly. Thus, I
whilst a large and profitable market, not dependent i
on legislative bounties or restrictions or taxes, will I
be built up at home for our own manufactures, 1
the foreign market for them will be extended by
freer exchanges. The export of our manufactures
last year amounted in value to $9,569,349, which
must go on rapidly augmenting under a more lib-
eral commercial policy. Such of our manufac- •
tures as, from their interior location or other j
causes, do not require high duties, constituting far !
the larger portion of the whole, are especially i
greatly injured by the protective system; and the !
higher the duties the greater the resulting injurious !
effects. They are injured both in the home and '
foreign market. The injury arises in the home !
market by diminishing the means of their custom- !
ers here to purchase their fabrics; and they are j
injured in the foreign market by restrictions upon <
the exchanges there of their expoits of home man- i
ufactures for foreign imports. Under a system of,
low duties, all our exports would be greatly aug- !
merited, and we should export largely, not only i
breadstuffs, provisions, cotton, rice, and tobacco, j
hut also, m time, sugar and molasses, and ulti- j
mately large quantities of wool and hemp, as well j
as manufsctuies of wool, hemp, and cotton. Al- j
ready Indian corn has become a new article of |
export, and in time, by a system of liberal ex- !
changes with all the world, iron would take its j
place on our list of exports to foreign countries. i
It is as unwise and unjust as it is repugnant to [
equal rights and republican principles, to forcc, by
legislation, any class of the community to buy
from or sell only to another. High duties are
equivalent to a legislative resolve that the farmer
shall buy and sell only in the home market, and
not to any extent in any of the other markets of
the world. Such a system necessarily brings into
conflict the interests of the various classes com-
posing the Union, and one class is depressed for
the benefit of another. But, by opening all the
markets at home and abroad to all our people en-
gaged in every pursuit, agriculture, commerce,
manufactures, navigation, instead of being antag-
onist interests, would soon all be united and har-
monized in advancing together the public welfare.
Such a tariff must "soon satisfy all classes and all
branches of industry, placing this great question
on a permanent basis, taking it, as well as all the
pursuits of business, out of the arena of politics,
and out of the struggle to advance or depress rival
political parties or aspirants. So long as it is
sought to advance particular branches of industry
at tKe expense of others by high duties, the tariff
will be a source of never-ending political agitation;
rendering uncertain all the pursuits of business;
defying all calculation as to the investment of capi-
tal; fluctuating with every election > and rising or
falling with the successive elevation or downfall of
political parties. No tariff ever can be perma-
nent which forces the American people, for the
benefit of any cla&s or portion of them, to buy or
sell only in such market as may be prescribed by
law. 5Such a system, although it might for a time
obtain a transient victory, cannot ultimately and
permanently be sustained by the American people.
The British corn laws and our tariff of 1342
were identical in principle, although applicable to
different imports. In England, the effect was, by
the corn laws, to build up a home market for agri-
cultural products at the expense of manufactures.
Here, the effect was, by protective duties in favor
of manufactures, to impair the market abroad for
our surplus agricultural products. In England, it
was called the protection of agriculture; here, the
protection of manufactures. In England, the blow
was aimed at manufactures; here, the injury was
inflicted on agriculture, commerce, and navigation.
To build up an adequate home market here for
our vast and rapidly-augmenting agricultural pro-
ducts, by taxes on the exchange of our exports in
foreign markets, was as impossible as it would be i
to establish a sufficient home market for British I
manufactures by the corn laws. Manufactuies 1
are the great British exports, and agricultural pro- '
ducts the chief American exports; and any reside- '
tion upon the exchanges of either in the foreign
market, to which exports must always look for a
purchaser, must be disastrous in its effects. The
ruinous consequences of the protective system
having been proved in England by her own most
enlightened statesmen, and demonstrated by ex-
perience, it ha* been surrendered there by most of
those who sustained it heretofore, under the lead
of its own former most able and distinguished ad-
vocate; and now, when it has failed abroad, after
reducing millions there to want and misery, we
are asked, after its overthrow there and here, to
reestablish,at home the condemned and abandoned
British protective policy. At the very time when
the markets of Great Britain aie opened to our
products by the repeal of her corn laws, we are J|
desired to prevent their operation in favor of those "
products by hi?h or prohibitory duties on the only
fabrics for which they can be exchanged.
There yet remains tobacco, one of our important
staples, on which heavy duties, not for protection,
but for revenue only, are still imposed m England; •
but if our present commercial policy is maintained I
here, it is hot doubted that even on this article the I
present high duties will be reduced, with the pro- |
gressive advance there and throughout the woiid j;
of the more liberal and enlightened system of unre- '|
strictcd exchanges. jj
It is believed that the tariff of 1840 will vindicate j
itself by its results; that it will furnish'more reve- |
nue than the act it superseded, and more rapidly I
advance the business and prosperity of the whole j
country. The duties are imposed only for revenue :
to support the Government, to bnn  money into !
the treasury, and not to enhance prices or to ad- j
vance particular classes or pursuits at the expense ;
of others. The duties are assessed on all imports
in exact proportion to their value, and not accord- ;
ing to the system of specific duties and minimums, j
by which the per centage of taxation invariably '
rises as the value of the article is depressed, and
sinks as it rises in value, thus uniformly discrimi-
nating in favor of the wealthy few, and against the
toiling millions. No adequate reason has ever
been advanced why all duties should not be im-
posed on all articles in proportion to their real
value. As to frauds, our merchants and public
officers are as familiar with the foreign as with the
home price current. The duty being assessed on
each cargo in proportion to its value at the port of
exportation, that value being governed by the price
at the one port from which the shipment was made,
is much more easily ascertainable than the home
value, which is different in nearly all our principal
cities. No apprehensions are entertained by this
department of imposition by fraudulent invoices or
false valuations. It is fully believed that a system
of fair and honest valuation can and will be estab-
lished by increased vigilance at home and abroad,
by making one custom-house and one set of ap-
praisers a check upon the other—thus establishing
uniformity throughout the Union, and finallysub-
jecting the whole to supervision here under the
immediate direction and superintendence of this
department. It is believed that the aggregate rev-
enue under the new tariff, exceeding that under the
old, will demonstrate that the Government has not
lost by fraudulent invoices or false valuations under
the system of duties ad valorem, and that the duties
will be collected according to the actual value of
the imports; which it is not pretended, nor was it
designed that they should be under a system of
minimum or specific duties. It is respectfully sub-
mitted that the new system, so just and equal in
all its purposes, should have a'fuir trial. Even
those who oppose it as erroneous, ought to desire
that it should be fairly tried. If it fails, as they
believe, it can then be abandoned, and the old sys-
tem restored; but if the new tariff succeeds, as is
the confident belief of this department, it will be a
triumph of justice and of equal rights, reflecting the
highest honor on our free institutions.
It is remarkable that all the able and philosophi-
cal writers on this great question, both m Europe
and America, unconnected with party or politics,
and influenced only by a regard for truth and the
best interests of all nations, hav« long and faithfully
advocated the great doctrine of free exchanges,
even when the practice of Governments was op-
posed to their views: and they now enjoy the high
satisfaction of seeing what they regarded as axio-
matic truths incorporated into the policy of the two
greatest Powers of the world, and moving onward
to the great and final victory of univeisal peace and
unrestricted commerce.
A copy of the instructions for carrying into ef-
fect the new tariff is hereto annexed, marked J.
In connexion with the finances, the suggestions
made in my last annual report in regard to the re-
duction and graduation of the prices of the public
lands in favor of settlers and cultivators, aro again
respectfully submitted to the consideration of Con
gress, as a certain means of augmenting the reve
nue. The public lands now subject to sale at pri
vate entry exceed one hundred and forty millions
of acres, a vast portion of which, long in market,
is wholly unsaleable at existing rates, but would,
if reduced and graduated, find many purchasers at
lower rates. The sales in the'Chickasaw cession
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennes-
see, establish the fact that the application of the
principle of reduction and graduation rapidly aug-
ments the proceeds of the sales. The addition to
the wealth of the nation m the augmented value of
these lands, as well as the crops that have been al-
ready raised upon them, cannot be less than thirty
millions of dollars. This district, having been
sold for the benefit of the Chickasaws, is the only
one of the land districts in the new States to which
the principle of reduction and graduation has been
applied, and the result has proved the beneficial
effects of this great measure, both as a means of
augmenting the revenue and increasing1 the public
welfare.
By a communication from the General Land •
Office (hereto annexed, marked K) it appears that
the quantity of public lands in that cession is
4,316,925 acres, of which 3,681,309 have been
sold. The average price realized in less than nine
years, up to the 30th of June, 1845, was ninety-
one cents per acre: the lands being subject to sale
by the treaty the first year at $1 25 per acre; the
second year at $1 per acre; the third year at 50
cents per acre; the fourth year at 25 cents per acre;
the fifth and all succeeding years at 12| cents per
acre. This is a lower price and a much more
rapid reduction than was proposed in regard to the
public lands; and yet this district, in which the
