1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
REPORT OF. THE SECRETARY OP WAR.
War Department, December 5, 1846.
Sir: In conformity to established usage, I have
the honor to submit to you the annual report upon
the several branches of the public service confided
to this department.
The accompanying statements of the Adjutant
General will show the number, description, and
distribution of the troops winch have been in ser-
vice during the past year. For the want of full
and recent returns the enumeration is not so accu-
rate as could be desired.
Previous to my last annual report, the largest
part of our regular force had been concentrated at
Corpus Christi, under the command of General
Taylor, for the protection of Texas; and in March
last, pursuant to instructions from this department,
he moved forward, to be in a situation more effect-
ually to execute that purpose, to the left bank of
the Rio Grande, where he arrived about the end
of that month, selected a position for the army
opposite to Matamoros,and proceeded to strengthen
it by the erection of necessary field works, at the
same time establishing a depot of supplies at Point
Isabel, about thirty miles distant in his rear, and
near the coast.
Notwithstanding the object of this movement of
our troops was made known, and all intention of
doing more than peaceably to occupy the territory
-of Texas was disavowed, soon after the arrival of
the army on the Rio Grande a hostile feeling began
to be manifested by the Mexican forces stationed
on the opposite bank of that river, and on the 24th
of April the Mexican General, Arista, informed
General Taylor that " he considered hostilities
commenced, and should prosecute them." On
the same day a detachment of our dragoons, sent
up the left bank of the river to observe the move-
ment of the Mexican forces, became engaged with
a large body of these troops, and after a short
affair, in which some sixteen were killed and
wounded, was compelled to surrender.
After this occurrence, there could no longer be
a doubt that the Mexican authorities had design-
edly changed the relation of peace between the
two countries into a state of actual war. General
Taylor, availing himself of the authority vested in
him by your direction, called on the Governors of
Texas and Louisiana for four regiments of volun-
teers from each State, to be sent forward with the
least practicable delay. In the meantime, owing
to the scarcity of provisions for the army encamp-
ed opposite to Matamoros, and being apprehen-
sive that the enemy would endeavor to cut off the
communication with the depot whence supplies
were drawn, the General, leaving a part of his
force to defend his intrenched camp, (Fort Brown,)
moved with the rest of his army to Point Isabel.
After securing his supply train, he commenced his
return march on the 7th of May, and on the next
day encountered the enemy in considerable force
at Palo Alto, where an action ensued, which was
obstinately contested by the enemy from two
o'clock m the afternoon until nearly dark, when
the Mexican army was finally driven, with im-
mense loss, from the field. The American force
engaged in this action was 2,288. That of the
enemy, as admitted by their own officers taken
prisoners, amounted to six thousand regulars, to-
gether with a considerable irregular force.
On the next day the enemy was again met seven
miles in advance, at Resaca de la Palma, where he
was drawn up in equal force, with the advantage
of positions judiciously selected by himself. Here
another action ensued, in which the enemy was
signally defeated, and driven across the Rio Grande
with still greater loss, leaving a large amount of
munitions and baggage of every description, which
fell into our possession. I-Iis loss in killed, wound-
ed, and missing, in the two engagements, has been
estimated at one thousand men.
During the absence of General Taylor with a
part of his force from Fort Brown, that post was
bombarded by the enemy's batteries from the
•4th to the 9th of May.
Of these gallant achievements it is not necessary
to speak more in detail, as the official accounts
were laid before Congress at the last session.
They are considered everywhere in our own coun-
try, and admitted abroad, to be examples of courage
and skill scarcely excelled in the history of mili-
tary operations—reflecting the highest credit alike
upon the officers and soldiers who participated in
these memorable actions.
For several successive years, this department
had asked authority to prepare a ponton train, but
the prospect of having use for it seemed to be so
remote that no provision therefor had then been
made; and for want of means of pursuing the enemy
across the river, the commanding general was
unable to avail himself, to the utmost extent, of the
advantages of these decisive victories; and it was
not till the 18th that he succeeded in crossing the
river, and taking military possession of the city
of Matamoros; which was, on his approach,
hastily abandoned by the Mexican troops, leaving
behind them a considerable supply of ordnance
and public stores.
As soon as it became known at this place that
Mexico had commenced hostilities, Congress re-
cognised the existence of war between the United
States and that republic, and on the 13th of May
authorized the President to accept the services of
volunteers, not to exceed 50,000.* Under tins aot3
requisitions were immediately made upon the
Governors of the States of Arkansas, Mississippi,
Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Mis-
souri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, and Texas, for a
volunteer force equal to twenty-six regiments,
amounting in all, with a battalion from this Djs-
net and Maryland, to about 23,000 effective men,
to serve for the period of twelve months, or to
the end of the war. This call was responded to
in a prompt and patriotic manner, and the force
duly organized and sent forward to the points of
destination with the least practicable delay. Much
the largest portion of it was designed to cooperate
with the regular army under General Taylor, then
on the Rio Grande. After establishing his base of
operations on that river for several hundred miles,
he moved into the enemy's country in the direc-
tion of Monterey, in the department of New Leon.
Another portion was concentrated, under General
Wool, at San Antonio de Bexar, for a movement
upon Chihuahua; and the volunteers from the
State of Missouri assembled at Fort Leaven worth,
to compose, with a few hundred regular troops,
an expedition to Santa Fe, under General Kearny.
Owing to the great difficulty in providing the
means of transporting supplies for so large a force
as that concentrated on the Rio-Grande; to the
necessity of drawing all those supplies from the
United States—the enemy's country being desti-
tute of them; to the unusual freshets which retard^
ed the progress of boats on the river, and to the
impracticability of the land route for wagons at
that time, arrangements for the movement upon
Monterey from Matamoros, by the way of Ca-
margo, the route selected by the commanding
general, were not completed until the latter part of
August, when a column, consisting of about 6,000
regular and volunteer troops, commenced a for-
ward movement by brigade upon Seralvo, and
thence upon Monterey, before which place it ar-
rived on the 19th of September.
On approaching Monterey, our army saw before
them a city strong in natural defences, and made
much more so by works of ait, with a citadel pro-
tecting it on one side, and fortified heights on an-
other; the avenues to it guarded by fortresses, well
armed, and fully manned, and every house a strong-
hold. Thus strong in position, with more than
forty pieces of artillery, skilfully placed for de-
structive resistance, well might its defenders exult
in their fancied security, and defy their assailants.
Here, the valor, skill, and heroism, which had
recently shone so conspicuous on the well-fought
and victorious fields of Palo Alto and Resaca de la
Palma, were to be put to another and a severer
trial. The attack was commenced on the 21st, and
continued through the two successive days. The
enemy was assailed in his fortified positions; his
batteries captured; his fortresses one after another
carried; and at length, dispossessed of most of his
defensive works, and more than half of the city, he
solicited terms of capitulation, and liberal terms
were granted.
No better justice can be done to the merits of
the officers and soldiers who participated in the
achievements of the three glorious days before
Monterey than is presented in the perspicuous
despatch of Major General Taylor, and m the re-
ports of the officers in subordinate command on
that occasion, which are herewith transmitted.
A plain narrative of their deeds is their best eti-
i°gy..
It is gratifying to learn that in the scenes at
Monterey, where the brav.ery and conduct.of ©ur-
army were subjected to the severest tests, .the vol-
unteers, who were with the advancing column,
bore a prominent part, and entitled" themselves to
an equal share in the honor and glory of the
achievement.
Neither at Monterey nor on the banks of the
Rio Grande were our brilliant successes gained
without a price. The nation has to lament a severe
loss in officers and men. Many ggtflant spirits
there sealed their devotion to their country with
their blood; they fell in the honorable discharge of
their duty, leaving a name which, whenever and
wherever mentioned, will be the theme of praise
I by their grateful countrymen.
; In fulfilment of the terms of capitulation, the
j city, fortifications, cannon, munitions of war, and
; all other public property, with certain exceptions,
! were surrendered to our arms.
On receiving General Taylor's despatches an-
nouncing the terms of capitulation, he was in-
: structed to give the requisite notice that the armis-
[ tiee, which was made subject to the ratification of
, the respective Governments of the belligerent
forces, would cease at once, and that each party
would be at liberty to-resume and prosecute hos-
tilities without restriction.
The advance column under Brigadier General
Wool, about 1400 strong, destined for Chihuahua,
commenced its march from San Antonio de Bexar
on the 29th of September, and was followed in a
few days thereafter by the rear division of equal
number. By the last advices from that officer, a
copy of which accompanies this report, it appears
that the column under his command had crossed
the Rio Grande, penetiated the department of
Coahuila to within thirty miles of Santa Rosa,
and was pursuing its route to Chihuahua in the
direction of Monclova. Satisfactory, though not
official, information has just been received that he
entered Monclova on the 31st of October, without
resistance, and was received in a friendly manner
by the inhabitants.
On the 30th of June, Brigadier General Kearny,
with the force under his command, amounting, in
all, to about 1600 men, regulars and volunteers,
moved from Fort Leavenworth upon Santa Fe,
where he arrived, after a march of eight -hundred
and seventy-three miles, on the 18th of August,
ajid took military possession of New Mexico
without resistance. The Mexican forces, about
4,000 in number, which had been collected near
that city under the late Governor, Armijo, to op-
pose his progress, dispersed on the approach of
our troops, and the Governor himself fled with a
small command of dragoons in the direction of
Chihuahua. Under the apprehension that the force
which left Fort Leavenworth in June might not be
sufficient fully to effect the purpose of the expe-
dition, which was, if found practicable, to pass on
to California after conquering and securing New
Mexico, General Kearny was authorized to organ-
ize and muster into scrvice a battalion out of the
emigrants which were on their way to California
or Oregon. This has been done, and also one
thousand additional volunteers from Missouri were
sent on as reinforcements, and to augment his dis-
posable force for California; but they had not
joined General Kearny when he departed for that
country. After making the necessary arrange-
ments at Santa Fe, consequent on the military oc-
cupation of New Mexico, General Kearny moved
with part of his force to the village of Tome, about
one hundred miles down the Rio Grande. The
inhabitants not only at Santa Fe, but throughout
the whole of this department, are repiesented to
be well satisfied with the change which had taken
place, and the General reports that there can no
longer be apprehended any organized resistance
to our troops in that territory.
With a regular force of about three hundred
dragoons, leaving orders for a part of the volun-
teers to follow, he commenced his march from
Santa Fe for California, intending to proceed down
the Rio Grande about .mo hundred miles, thence
to strike -across to the Gikt, and to move down-that
,rivsr near .to its mouth, then across the .Colorado
