14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 8,
29th Cong 2i> Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate &t Ho. of Reps.
to the Pacific, where he hoped to arrive about the
last of November. After proceeding about one
hundred and eighty miles on his route, he was met
by an express from California, sent by Lieutenant
Colonel Fremont. On learning the condition of
•things in that quarter, and deeming that an addi-
tional force would not be required in California, he
directed most of that with him to return to Santa
Fe. Selecting about one hundred men to accom-
pany him, he continued on his route. The prompt
and energetic manner in which General Kearny
has conducted to a successful termination a very
difficult and distant enterprise is worthy of lngh
commendation.
For various reasons it was deemed important
that military occupation should he taken of Cali-
fornia. Early attention was given to tins subject.
After taking and securing1 possession of Santa Fe,
Genera] Kearny was directed to proceed, with what
force he could spare, across the Rocky Mountains
to that country. A company of United States ar-
tillery, in July, and a regiment of New York vol-
unteer infantry, in September, were sent by sea to
California; but before these forces had reached
their destination, and even before their departure
from the United States, the Mexican authority in
the whole province of the Cahfornias had been
subverted. As the series of events which led to
the overthrow of the Mexican power in that ex-
tensive country, and its occupation as a conquest
of the United States, are not contained in any offi-
cial report yet received, but collected from various
sources considered authentic, I deem it not inap-
propriate to present them with more than usual
particularity.
In May, 3845, John C. Fremont, then a brevet
captain in the corps of Topographical Engineers,
and since appointed a lieutenant colonel, left here
under orders from this depai tment to pursue his
explorations in the regions beyond the Rocky
Mountains. The objects of this service were, as
those of his previous explorations had been, of a
scientific character, without any view whatever to
military operations. Not an officer or soldier'of
the United States army accompanied him, and his
whole force consisted of sixty-two men, employed
by himself for security against Indians, and for
procuring subsistence in the wilderness and desert
country through which he was to pass.
One of the objects he had m view was to dis-
cover a new and shorter route from, the western
base of the Kocky Mountains to the month of the
Columbia river. This search, for a part of the
distance, would carry him through the unsettled,
and afterwards through a corner of the settled,
parts of California. He approached the settle-
ments in the winter of 1845-'6. Aware of the
critical state of affairs between the United States
and Mexico, and determined to give no cause of
offence to the authorities of the provnrte, with ,
commendable prudence he halted his command on i
the frontier, one hundred miles fiom Monterey, !;
and proceeded alone to that city, to explain the J!
object of his coming to the commandant general, j|
Castro, and to obtain permission to go to the val- |j
ley of the San Joaquin, where there was game for 1|
his men and grass for his horses, and no inhabi-j;
tants to be molested by his presence. The leave I1
was granted; but scarcely had he reached the de- |j
sired spot for refreshment and repose, before hell
received information from the American settle- jj
merits, and by expresses from our consul at Mon- |t
terey, that General Castro was prepaiing to attack
him with comparatively large force of artillery,
cavalry, and infantry, upon the pretext that, under
the cover of a scientific mission, he was exciting
the American settlers to revolt. In view of this
danger, and to be in a condition to repel an attack,
he then took a position on a mountain overlooking
Monterey, at a distance of about thirty miles, en-
trenched it, raised the flag of the United States,
and with his own men, sixty-two in number,
awaited the approach of the commandant general.
From the 7th to the 10th of Match, Colonel
Fremont and his little band maintained their posi-
tion. General Castro did not approach within
attacking distance, and Colonel Fremont, adhering
to his plan of avoiding all collisions, and deter-
mined neither to compromit his Government nor
the American settlers, ready to join him at all haz-
ards if he had been attacked, abandoned his posi-
tion and commenced his march for Oregon, intend-
ing, by that route, to return to. the United States.
Deeming all danger from the Mexicans to be pass-
ed, he yielded to the wishes of some of his men,
who desired to remain in the country, discharged
them from his service, and refused to receive others
in their stead—so cautious was he to avoid doing
anything which would compromit the American
settlers, or give even a color of offence to the Mexi-
can authorities. He pursued his march slowly
and leisurely, as the state of his men and horses
j required, until the middle of May, and had reached
' the northern shore of the greater Tlamath Lake,
within the limits of the Oregon Territory, when
he found his further progress in that direction ob-
stiuc.ted by impassable snowy mountains and
hostile Indians, who had been excited against him
by General Castro, had killed and wounded four
of his men, and left him no repose either in camp
or on his march. At the same time, information
reached him that General Castro, in addition to his
Indian allies, was advancing in person against him
with artillery and cavalry, at the head of four or
five hundred men; that they were passing around
the head of the bay of San Francisco to a rendez-
vous on the north side of it, and that the American
settlers in the valley of the Sacramento were com-
prehended in the scheme of destruction meditated
against his own party.
Under these circumstances he determined to turn
upon his Mexican pursuers, and seek safety, both
for his own party and the American settlers, not
merely in the defeat of Castro, but in the total
overthrow of the Mexican authority in California,
and the establishment of an independent govern-
ment in that extensive department. It was on the
6-h of June, and before the commencement of the
war between the United States and Mexico could
have been theie known, that this resolution was
taken, and by the 5th of July it was carricd into
effect by a series of rapid attacks by a small body
of adventurous men under the conduct of an in-
trepid leader, quick to perceive, and able to direct
the proper measures for accomplishing so daring
j an enterprise.
j On the 11th of June a convoy of two hundred
j horses for Castro's camp, with an officer and four-
! ^en men, were surprised and captured by twelve
i of Fremont's party; on the 15th, at daybreak, the
j military post of Sanoma was also surprised and
| taken, with nine brass cannon, two hundred and
j fifty stand of muskets, and several officeis, and
1 some men and munitions of war.
1 Leaving a small garrison m Sanoma, Colonel
, Fremont went to the Sacramento to rouse the
American settlers; but scarcely had he arrived
there, when an express reached him from the gar-
rison at Sanoma, with information that Castro's
whole force was crossing the bay to attack that
place. This intelligence was received in the after-
noon of the 23d of June, while he was on the
American fork of the Sacramento, eighty miles from
the little garrison at Sanoma, and at two o1elock
on the morning of the 25th he arrived at that place
with ninety liflemen from the American settlers m
that valley. The enemy had not yet appeared;
scouts were sent out to reconnoitre, and a party of
twenty fell in with a squadron of seventy dra-
goons, (all of Castro's force which had crossed
the bay,) attacked and defeated it, killing and
wounding five, without harm to themselves—the
Mexican commander, De la Torre, barely escap-
ing, with the loss of his transport boats, and nine
pieces of brass artillery spiked.
The country north*of the bay of San Francisco
being cleared of the enemy. Colonel Fremont !
returned to Sanoma on the evening of the 4th of!
July, and on the morning of the 5th, called the j
people together, explained to them the condition !
of things in the province, and recommended an
immediate declaration of independence. The dec-
laration was made, and he was selected to take the
chief direction of affairs.
The attack on Castro was the next object. He
was at Santa Clara, an intrenched post on the
upper or south side of the bay of San Francisco,
with four hundied men and two pieces of field ar- ;
ullory. A circuit of more than a hundred miles
must be traversed to reach him. On the 6th of |
July, the pursuit was commenced by a body of ■
one hundred and sixty mounted riflemen, com- |
manded by Colonel Fremont in person, who, in j
three days, arrived at the American settlements on \
the Rio de los Americanos* Here .he learned that
Castro had abandoned Santa Clara, and was re-
treating south towards Ciiulad de los Jingeles, (the
City of the Angels,) the seat of the Governor Gen--
eral of the Cahfornias, and distant four hundred
miles. It was instantly resolved on to pursue him
to that place. At the moment of departure, the
gratifying intelligence was received that war with.
Mexico had commenced; that Monterey had been
taken by our naval force, and the fla°r of the Uni-
ted States there raised on the 7th of July; and that
the fleet would cooperate in the pursuit of Castro
and his forces. The flag of independence was
hauled down, and that of the United States hoisted
amidst the hearty greetings, and to the great joy,
of the American settlers and the forces under the
command of Colonel Fiemont.
The combined pursuit was rapidly continued,
and on the 12th of August, Commodore Stockton
and Colonel Fremont, with a detachment of marines
from the squadron and some riflemen, entered the
City of the Angels, without resistance or objection,
■ the Governor General, Pico, the Commandant
General, Castro, and all the Mexican authorities,
having fled and dispersed. Commodore Stockton
took possession of the whole country as a con-
quest of the United States, and appointed Colonel
Fremont Governor, under the law of nations, to
assume the functions of that office when he should
return to the squadron.
Thus, in the short space of sixty days from the
first decisive movement, this conquest was achiev-
ed, by a small body of men, to an extent beyond
their own expectation; for the Mexican authori-
ties proclaimed it a conquest, not merely of the
| northern part, but of the whole province of the
I Cahfornias.
| The Commandant General, Castro, on the 9th
of August, from his camp at the Mesa, and next
day " on the road to Soriora," announced this
result to the people, together with the actual flight
and dispersion of the former authorities; and at
the same time he officially communicated the fact
of the conquest to the French, English, and Span-
ish consuls in California; and, to crown the whole,
the official paper of the Mexican Government, on
the 16th of October, in laying these official com-
munications before the public, introduced them
with the emphatic declaration, "The loss of the
Cahfornias is consummated." The whole province
was yielded up to the United States, and is now in
our military occupancy. A small part of the
troops sent out to subject this province will con-
stitute, it is presumed, a sufficient force to retain
our possession, and the remainder will be disposa-
ble for other objects of the war.
In the foregoing remarks, I have presented to
your consideration the destination and operation
of the public forces since the commencement of the
war with Mexico. When its existence was re-
cognised by Congress in May last, our entire mili-
tary force, then stationed at different points in our
widely extended country, did not exceed 7,640
men. Our preparation for a large expansion of the
army, and particularly for carrying on military ope'
! rations beyond our territorial limits, were, in many
respects, quite deficient. Such as were demanded
to meet the wants of an army suddenly augmented
from 7,640 to more than 30,000 men, to he sent
forth on several different and distant expeditions,
could not at once be made.
The duties of this department have been, since
the commencement of the war, arduous and em-
barrassing, and its unremitted efforts have been
directed to discharging them in the manner best
calculated to facilitate the operations of our forces
in the field. To these foices belongs the merit of
the successes which have attended their move-
ments, and these successes are not inconsiderable.
By the operations of the land and naval forces we
are now in military possession of tjie depaitment
of Tamaulipas, of the right bank of the Rio Grande
for several hundred miles from its mouth, and of
the department of New Leon. Coahuila and Chi-
huahua are, in effect, wrested from the control of
Mexico; all Mexican authority, both cml and
military, has been displaced in New Mexico and
the Cahfornias, and these large and important
provinces are in our quiet occupation. Such are the
achievments of our arms within the short period
of seven months from the commencement of a war
suddenly forced upon us, when our force in the
