1846.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate St Ho. of Reps.
field was loss than three thousand effective men,
with a hostile army ofdoubleits numerical strength
prepared to assail it, and exalting in the confident
hope of a decisive victory.
But as our enemy is not yet disposed to offer or
listen to any terms for peace, it is necessary that I
should present to you some views in relation to the
further prosecution of the war.
Authority was given at the last session of Con-
gress to increase the rank and file of the regiments
m the regular service to more than double the for-
mer number. Prompt measures were taken to
procure recruits; but they haye not been attended
with the desired effect. When filled up to the
maximum allowed by law and Executive approba-
tion, our regular force will be 1G,998 officers and
men, but it does not now exceed 10,300. The
want of better success in recruiting is, I appre-
hend, mainly to be ascribed to the large number
of volunteers which has in the meantime been call-
ed out. The volunteer service is regarded gen-
erally by our citizens as preferable to that in the
regular army; and as long as volunteers are ex-
pected to be called for, it will be difficult to fill the
ranks of regular regiments, unless additional in-
ducements are offered, or the terms of service modi-
fied. A small pecuniary bounty given at the time
of enlistment, or land at the end of the term of ser-
vice, would, it is behoved, have a most beneficial
effect. Probably an equally favorable result would
flow from annexing a condition to the present pe-
riod of service, allowing the recruit to be discharged
at the end of the present war. It is presumed there
are many thousand patriotic citizens who would
cheerfully enter the service for the war, if they
could return to the pursuits of civil life at its close.
Jt is not possible to foretell with much precision
what number of troops the exigencies of the war
may require for the ensuing year. The estimates
presented to the Secretary of the Treasury have
been made upon the present establishment of the
regular troops wholly filled up, giving a total force
of 16,998, exclusive of enlisted men of ordnance;
upon ten additional regiments to be raised to serve
to the end of the war, which will amount to 9,380;
and upon a contingent force of ten thousand vol-
unteers, to be organized under existing laws, and
called into service if needed. " 1
The volunteers who have encountered the enemy j
in the present compaign have more than justified 1
the high expectations formed of this description of
troops; but it is no disparagement to them to say
that a regular force is to be preferred in a war to
be prosecuted in a foreign country. Besides, con-
siderations of economy are decidedly in favor of
troops engaged to serve during the war. I am
most solicitous that this subject should receive the
early attention of Congress, and a body of troops
to serve for the war may be raised to take the
place of those volunteers who will claim a dis-
charge at the end of their year's service. Those
who are now in. the field, with the exception of
one regiment sent out to California, entered the
service under the alternative of continuing in it for
twelve months, or to the end of the war, and it is
presumed they will have the right—at all events
they will have the permission, if they claim the
right—to retire from the service at the end of that
period, which will expire about the first of June
next. Nine regiments and one battalion of volun-
teers have been recently called for from various
States to serve to the end of the war, and the in-
formation received at the department gives the as-
surance that these requisitions will be promptly
and cheerfully complied with.
The efficiency of the regular troops in the field
has been much impaired for the want of officers,
especially regimental field officers. In many in-
stances it appears that in the battles which have
been fought, officers of the lineal rank of captain
have commanded regiments, and, of course, com-
panies have been deprived of the command of those
to whom it properly belonged. Many of the regi-
mental field officers, by reason of disability, can-
not perform service in an active campaign. The
recruiting service, and appointments in the staff
which are required to be taken from the line, and,
in many instances, their lineal rank retained, ne-
cessarily withdraw a large number of officers from
their appropriate commands m the field. The
letters of the Adjutant General of the 30th of July,
with the accompanying report, of the 31st of that
month, herewith transmitted, will show the num-
ber of regimental field officers permanently disabled
for active service, and the number necessarily de-
tached on other duties. Less than one-third of
them were at that time available for service with
their regiments. Even in regard to captains and
subalterns, the service suffers in the same way to
a considerable extent. As a partial remedy for
this evil, I would recommend that Congress should
be asked to authorize the appointment of an addi-
tional major to each regiment in the regular estab-
lishment. Such a change in the present organiza-
j tion of the regiments is not a novelty; it is only
restoring what has been usual in time of war. In
the war of 1812 each regiment had two majors;
and such, it is believed, is the case in the military
establishments of other countries. I am quite sure
the necessity for it could never be more urgent
than it is at this time in our regular regiments. But
tins would only be a mitigation of the evil to which
I have referred. The service must continue to
suffer detriment until some plan is devised to with-
draw from their nominal commands those who are
rights and persons of our own citizens belonging
to or employed with the army, as well as upon
those of the inhabitants of the country tempo-
rarily occupied by our troops. In such a state of
things, it is scarcely possible that the guarantees
of protection, made by the direction of our Gov-
ernment, can be fully executed. I therefore rec-
ommend the courts-martial, or some military
tribunal, to be organized by the general in com-
mand, should be vested, by express provisions of
law, with authority to try offences committed be-
yond the limits of the United States, and within
the district of country in the actual occupancy of
our military forces, where there are no civil .or
criminal courts, or none but those of the enemy,
to which the offenders can be delivered up for trial
and punishment.
„ The act of Congress authorizing the acceptance
of the services of volunteers, provides that they
shall furnish their own clothing, and receive there-
for a commutation in money. It was determined
that those first called out were entitled by law to
be paid in advance for one year's clothing, and
j incapacitated to dischaige their appropriate duties, j each volunteer received forty-two dollars on&being
, and to prevent the actual command from being ^ mustered into service. This sum was not always
I devolved upon officer* of inferior grade, who have i! appropriated for clothing, and many of them soon
, also, in another position, their own appropriate ; became so destitute as to suffer in their henlth, and,
duties to perform. It is for the best interest of the j; m other respects, to be scarcely fit for service. To
public service that each officer should be employed, (; this cause, in no inconsiderable degree, is to be as-
as far as practicable, in performing the duties prop- || cnbed the great disparity of sickness between the
erly appertaining to his rank. When it is seen, ij volunteers and the regular troops, the latter being
well clothed by the Government, and comparative-
ly much more healthy. If paid in advance, there
is danger that the commutation money will hot be
applied to the proper object, or not judiciously ap-
plied; and if withheld until earned, those entering
the service will not be able, in many cases, to pro-
cure a needful supply, and consequently will suf-
fer for the want thereof,or be obliged to pay enor-
mous prices. To remedy these inconveniences,
I recommend that the present law should in this
... respect be altered, and that the appropriation for
annual report of 1837, would, it is believed, if car- clothing should be enlarged, and the Government
ried into effect, remove, to a great extent, the evils | required to provide a supply for the volunteers,
not as an unusual thing, that colonels are taken
from their regiments to command brigades, cap- j
tains from their companies to command regiments, j
and companies left in charge of the lowest grade !
of commissioned officers, I am quite certain (and i
it may be said without disparagement to those put j
in command so much above their rank) that a state ,
of things exists m the army detracting greatly from j
its efficiency, and demanding correction. !
The plan suggested by the late commanding gen- :
eral of the army, (Major General Macomb,) in his
here presented, and, as it seems to be one which
has met with most favor, and against which the 1
fewest objections have been uiged, I would respect-
fully recommend it to favorable consideration. It
proposes to withdraw from command such officers ;
as have become superanuated or incapacitated, con- i
tinuing to them only their monthly pay, and giving j
to those who succeed to the command fhe other |
allowances to which the former are now entitled !
by existing laws. Thus, a colonel who had be- !
come incapacitated from age, or any other cause, \
would retire on the full pay of his rank, without '
and furnish it to them at cost, in lieu of the allow-
j ance in money, now directed to be paid; and that
, no money in lieu of clothing should be paid, unless
I the commanding officer of the company to which
the soldier belongs shall ccrtify that he is well sup-
plied with proper clothing.
With a view to bring to your particular notice
the transactions of the several branches of the pub-
lic service connected with this department during
the last year, I herewith transmit the reports made
to me by the chief officers in charge of them.
These reports will show that the duties of each
any other emoluments; the lieutenant colonel, ;i have been discharged with industry, fidelity, and
highest in rank, would succeed to the vacancy,
with the rank of colonel, and receive only the pay
of lieutenant colonel, with the emoluments of the
colonel, who would be withdrawn. So the major
who would, by promotion, become lieutenant colo-
nel, would receive the pay of major and the emol-
uments of lieutenant colonel; and the senior cap-
tain, in like manner, would receive the rank of
major, with the pay of captain and emoluments of
major; and so with the other grades in succession.
Should this suggestion be adopted, it would be
proper that the mode for designating the officeis to
be withdrawn from service should be regulated by
law, in such a manner that their disability shall be !
fairly and fully ascertained. j
Many offences, and some of them of the gravest |
character, may be committed by our troops and !
persons connected with the army, which are not :
by express provisions of law within the jurisdic- |
tion of any military tribunal. Such offences, when j
committed within the limits of the United States, ;
are referred to the .Federal or State courts, and the 1
offenders are turned over to them for trial and pun- ;
ishment; but when perpetiated in the enemy's ;
country, temporarily in possession of our army, it ;
is very doubtful whether there is now any mode of i
punishing the criminals. There may not he any
civil tribunal to which the cases can be referred, :
and the military courts decline to take cognizance
of them under the belief that they have no legal !
right to do so. i
Without some authority to punish such crimes !
great injury will necessarily result. Tins impunity '
to offenders is alike pernicious in its effects upon j
the interests of the public service, and upon the 1
skill. In most of them suggestions are made for
changes which can be effected only by the action
of Congress. I have not been disposed to yield
with facility to these suggestions, but some of
them are deemed by me so necessary to remedy
existing evils, or to improve the efficiency of the
service, that a sense of duty urges me not only to
notice, but to commend them to favorable consid-
eration.
With a proper feeling against an overgrown
military establishment, constant efforts have been '
made, through a long period of peace with which
this country was blessed, to reduce all the branches
of it to the lowest point compatible with the very
moderate wants of tranquil times; but the inter-
vention of a state of war renders it not only neces-
sary to arrest this process of reduction, but to pro-
vide for the greatly increased demands resulting
from this important change.
The modifications wluch seem to me to be re-
quired will be briefly noticed m my remarks upon
these subordinate departments; the usefulness or
necessity for several of them are stated more at
large in the accompanying1 reports.
Our peaceful relations with those foreign Powers
who could command the means of assailing us,
particularly on our seaboard, are now better settled
than when I submitted my last annual report.
This consideration, together with the anticipation
of large expenditures in prosecuting the existing
war, has led to greatly reduced estimates for forti-
fications and defensive works on our coasts and
inland frontiers. The appropriations mainly for
these objects, at the last session of Congress, were
$1,300,080. The estimates of the next year amount
