18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec.
29th Cono 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate &t Ho. of Reps.
lick, of the Potomac, proceeded up the river to
Burita, and aided in establishing a military post
at that place.
For these prompt and gallant movements the
Commodore, his officers, and men, received the
thanks of the President, through this department.
On the 13th of May, the Secretary of the Navy
informed him that Congress had declared that a
state of war exists between the United States and
the republic of Mexico, and ordered him to exer-
cise all the rights that belonged to him as the com-_
mander-in-chicf of a belligerent squadron. Under
these orders, he declared and enforced a blockade
of the principal ports of Mexico on the gulf. The
enemy had no ships of war which he dared to
show on the open sea; and, determined on^ com-
mencing war, precaution had been taken, in ad-
vance of the meditated attack, to place his public
vessels in situations where, from natural obsta-
cles, they could not bo reached by the ships of our
squadron. As soon as authority was given by
the appropriations of Congress, measures were
taken by the department to purchase for employ-
ment in the squadron small vessels of suitable
draft of water to cross the dangerous bars which
guard the ports of Mexico. Three schooners and
two small steamers were purchased; but the last
of these did not report to the squadron, from un-
controllable causes, until early in November.
On the 7th of August, Commodore Conner ap-
peared off the bar of Alvarado, with a purpose of
attempting the capture of the enemy's vessels of
war in that river. The return of bad weather,
endangering the small vessels in the open road-
stead, and the rapidity of the current from the
swollen state of the river, induecd him to abandon
his design and to withdraw ius force.
On the 15th of October, he made another attempt
to enter the Alvarado river for the same purpose.
In endeavoring to cross the bar, one of the steam-
ers, having in tow the principal division of the
attacking force, grounded and became entangled
with the vessels in tow. The current could not
be overcome, in the state of the wind, without the
aid of steam, and the Commodore had the mortifi-
cation of being compelled to retire.
On the Kith of October, Commodore M. C.
Perry, with the steamer Mississippi and.the small
vessels, left the squadron at, Lizardo, and sailed
for Tabasco. On I lie 2.1d he arrived off the bar,
and, with great judgment and gallantry, captured
the town of Fronteira, with the enemy's stcameis
and vessels in port, and proceeded up the river a
distance of seventy-four miles, into the interior of
a settled country, and appeared before the city of
Tabasco, lie captured the vessels in the port,
and, at the earnest request of the foreign mer-
chants, humanely determined not to involve them
in ruin by destroying the town. In dropping
down the river, one of his prizes grounded, and a
large body of Mexicans opened a furious lire on
her, which was promptly returned with gieat effect
—the stranded vessel was got afloat and the Mexi-
cans beaten off. But m this treacherous attack,
one American seaman was killed, and Lieutenant
Charles W. Morris and two seamen were wound-
ed. Lieutenant Morris survived until the 1st of
November, when he died of his wound, on board
the Cumberland. His commanding officers have
paid a sad tribute to the worth of this brave youii"-
officer, whose untimely death is a severe loss to
the service.
The objects of the expedition were fully accom-
plished, and, by the capture or destruction of
every vessel and steamer of the enemy in that im-
portant river, a check has been given to a com-
merce, by which, no doubt, munitions Of war
were introduced into Mexico from Yucatan.
Much puuse is due to Commodore Perry, and
to the olficcrs and men under his command, for the
skill, judgment, and courage, manifested through-
out the expedition. °
On the ]2th of November Commodore Conner
sailed, with a large portion of his squadron, and
on the 14th the town of Tampico capitulated un-
conditionally, without resistance. Three fine gun-
boats and other public property fell into the hands
of the captors. The enemy, anticipating an attack,
had withdrawn the garrison, removed the guns,
and destroyed his munitions of war. The success
of the enterprise is of great importance, and the
enemy has lost one of the most considerable
ports on the gulf. Arrangements have been made
to hold it; and the Commodore is instructed
to relinquish the command ashore to the officer of
the army commanding the garrison, and resume
the operations of the squadron. Additions of great
value are made to the naval forces in the gulf by
the capture of the enemy's vesssels in Tabasco
and at Tampico; and the prizes adapted to the
navigation of the mouths of the rivers along the
coast will be equipped and usefully employed as
cruisers.
The political condition of the State of Yucatan
had induced a course of conduct towards her
which exempted her from the evils of war. Hav-
ing received information which justified the belief
that this generous course on the part of the United
States had been abused, on the 16th of October last
I instructed the commander of the squadron that the
" President has given to the new position in which
' Yucatan is placed by the pronunciamento of Me-
'■rida a careful consideration, and directs me to in-
' form you that the State must be regarded as an
' integral part of the Mexican republic, and her
' people as a portion of the public enemies with
' whom we are at war, and you will act towards
( her as towards other portions of Mexico."
These instructions will be carried into effect.
During the past season the brig Truxton has
been lost, and the brig Perry wrecked, but has
been, by great exertions of Lieutenant-commanding
Blake, got to Key West, and will be brought to
Norfolk for repair. The officers and crew of the
Truxton became prisoners to the Mexicans. An
inquiry will be had as to the causes of both dis-
asters, a proceeding due to the oflicers and to the
servicc.
No general cartel has been established between
the two Governments to regulate the exchange of
prisoners during the existing war. A proposition
of the Mexican Government to exchange the offi-
cers and crew of the Truxton against Genera! La
Yega and the officers who accompanied him, pris-
oners of war in the United States, was by your
direction acceded to, and the exchange has been
carried into effect. Our office] s and men were
placed on board our squadron and sent home; and
the Mexican officers, being at full liberty, have
been offered a free passage in one of our public
vessels, and, I have reason to believe, have sailed
fiom Pensacola for Vera Cruz.
In concluding my report of the operations of the
naval forces m the Gulf of Mexico, T deem it but
an act of justice to call your attention to some con-
siderations whieli must lie borne in mind, when
forming an estimate of the results accomplished.
The navy of the United States is designed for the
protection of ourcommciee in the most distant seas.
The vessels composing it are authorized by law,
and have been so constructed, in size and draft of
I water, as to navigate the ocean with safety. The
; outlets of the rivers emptying into tiie gulf are
; protected by bars, which afford but a small depth
j of water, and the navigation of this confined sea
is exposed to dangers for many months m the year
by storms, sudden and violent; so that a vessel,
constructed with a draft light enough to cross the
! liars, encounters considerable risk in keeping the
i sea. When hostilities with Mexico commenced,
I no such vessels belonged to the navy—they would
[ have been almost useless except to prosecute hos-
tilities in her waters. Since the necessity arose,
I and authority was given, vigorous effoits to sup-
! ply these means have been made, and will he con-
i tinued; but some time has necessarily elapsed be-
! fore they could be provided to the limited extent
: which has been readied.
! It aives me pleasure to bear testimony to the
chivalrous patriotism which has animated the offi-
cers of, the navy of all grades, m prompting them
to seek active service against the enemy, and to
offer, with the mostanxious desire, to he permitted
to engage in the most perilous enterprises against
the enemy; while those engaged m the irksome
and harassing duties of a blockade have perform-
ed their dull and heavy task without a murmur,
and with no stronger desire than to exchange it
for some active and useful enterprise, however
hazardous or difficult of execution.
By the terms of the annexation of the republic
of Texas as one of the States of our Union, the
public vessels which composed the Texan navy
were ceded to the United States. On the eleventh
day of May last, Hiram G. Runnels, Esq., ap-
pointed agent for that purpose, received at Galves-
ton, from the Texan authorities, the sloop-of-war
Austin, brigs Wharton and Archer, and the schoon-
er San Bernard. The sloop Austin has been
brought to Pensacola, and will be rebuilt, and
form an interesting accession to the navy of the
United States. The two brigs anil schooner, after
survey, were found too much decayed to justify
their repair, and have been ordered to be sold.
The proceeds of sale will.be paid into the treasury
of the United States.
Under orders from their Government, certain
officers of the Texan navy were in charge of the
vessels in ordinary when the delivery was made,
and continued in that employment at the request
of our agent. They could not be paid as officers
of the navy of the United States; but believing it
to be just and proper, diiections have been given
to make them compensation for taking care of the
property of the United States, at the rate of pay
which was allowed them by Texas at the date of
its incorporation into our Union. Beyond this, I
have not considered that the laws of the United
States authorized me to make payment to any one
because of his having been an officer of the navy
of Texas.
The estimates for the naval service for the next
fiscal year have been prepared by my direction,
and transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasury,
according to law.
I have the honor to present herewith the reports
from the several bureaus, and estimates in detail
for the several branches of the naval service. Tliey
are based on the employment, pending the war, of
ten thousand men, as allowed by law, and a num-
ber of vessels in commission to give them employ-
ment. A statement of the classes of vessels, with
their rate and number, is marked E in the papers
accompanying the report from the Bureau of Con-
struction. No estimates are presented for the con-
struction of vessels as permanent additions to the
navy. I deem it, however, my duty to suggest,
thatauthority for building at least four sea steamers,
capable of bearing an armament sufficient for their
own defence, would essentially promote the inter-
ests of the public service. The great utility of such
vessels in the squadrons in the Pacific, the China
seas, on the coast of Africa, and on the Brazil sta-
tion, is established by the experience of other na-
tions who employ them.
The estimates from the Bureau of Yards and
Docks have been prepared in reference to the ex-
isting and pressing wants of the public service;
and attention is respectfully asked to the remarks
of the officer at the head of that bureau. The diffi-
culties which have been experienced in the work
on the dry dock at New York, have retarded its
progress, but its practicablily is not doubted; and
its great importance to the navy induces me earn-
estly to recommend the appropriation of the re-
quired funds for its prosecution.
The importance of Pensacola as a naval station,
with the necessary facilities of repairing and refit-
ting ships of war, has for many years been pressed
on the consideration of Congress. But at no pe-
riod has the public interest so imperiously required
that improvements should be made at that place as
at this time. A large naval force is employed in
the Gulf of Mexico, exposed to -injury from tem-
pests, and engaged in hostile operations. Tf any
of our vessels become materially disabled, they
cannot be repairtd without leaving the station,
and coming as far north as Norfolk; and in the
voyage, the most serious disasters may befall
them.
A dock, with sufficient capacity to receive ves-
sels of the largest class, is an indispensable improve-
ment at Pensacola, and 1 earnestly recommend that
an appropriation may lie made for that purpose.
A fever of most, malignant form has prevailed in
the hospital at Pensacola during the past season.
X herewith transmit a copy of a report of a joint
board of army and navy surgeons, who were di-
rected to investigate the causes. The opinion is,
that the place will be restored to its former salu-
brity, by removal of local causes of disease. Esti-
mates arc submitted for this purpose.
By the act of Congress of August 10, 1S46, the
appropriations for the navy yard at Memphis for
the current year, are to be confined in the expendi-
ture to the construction of a rope-walk. Proper
