20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
fice Department, to prevent a violation of its reve-
nue laws, as is now given the Secretary of the
Treasury against smugglers.
That all letters passing over mail routes which
relate to the cargo, be free when they are unsealed,
and subject to the inspection of the post office
agents when fraud is suspected.
And that the postage on newspapers be so ad-
justed as to approach more nearly the cost of trans-
portation and delivery,and be made more equal and
just between the publishers. This may be accom-
plished without any material interference with the
polity of disseminating intelligence among the peo-
ple by their general circulation. When this policy
was first adopted, newspapers were few m number,
and published in the principal cities, and low post-
ages seemed necessary fo secure the object; and the
rates were fixed without much regard to the size,
or weight, or the distance they were to be trans-
ported; whilst the letter postage was made, high,
so as to cover the expense of the transportation of
both. The reasons upon which this policy was
founded, have, in some measure, ceased. News-
papers are now published in the principal vjllages
throughout the Union, and furnish the means of
information to almost every neighborhood. The
injustice to written correspondence, by taxing it
with the transportation of newspapers, has been
partially removed by the reduction of the rates of
letter postage. Prom this act Of justice, an injury
has resulted to the community at large, by trans-
ferring the cost of transporting newspapers upon
the general revenues. No satisfactory leason now
exists why those who buy and sell newspapers
should have the cost of transportation paid out of
the revenues collected from the great body of the
people.
The low postages on papers, without regard to
size, weight, or the distance to be taken, operate
unfairly between the publishers themselves, by
enabling those papers published in large commer-
cial cities to compete with the village press for cir-
culation in their respective localities, whilst the
sending papers free for thirty miles from the place
of publication, counteracts to some extent this ad-
vantage—each alike unjust to the other, and both
unjust to the community, as the burden of both is
thrown upon the treasury.
As an act of justice between the publishers
themseh es, the rates of postage should be regu-
lated according to the size or weight of the papei,
and tile distance to be carried; reserving the right
to them of talcing then- own papers over mail
routes out of the mails; and as an act of justice to
the community, these rates should lie so high as to
cover any deficiency which the reduced lates of
postage on letters may make, so as to render the
income of the department equal to its expendi-
tures.
Transient newspapers, or those sent by others
than the publishers to the subscribers, as they are
usually sent in lieu of letteis, should be rated
higher than other ncwspapeis.
All printed matter passing through the mails
should lie prepaid, nnu all letters be prepaid, or
rated with double postage. Some such amendments
of the late law are believed to be necessary to give
the cheap postage system a fair trial, by securing
to the department its legitimate revenues; and if
adopted by Congress it is confidently believed,
from the reductions which have been made in the
two sections already let to contract, and anticipated
savings in the other two sections, with a proper
economy in the other branches of the service, that
there will be no need of calling upon the treasury
for further aid, after the first of July, 1848, when
the whole service will be placed under the new law.
Table Si exhibits the expenditures quarterly
under the appropriate heads. From this it will be
seen that the annual average expenditure from the
first of July, 1836, to the 30th of June, 1845,
amounted to  §4,499,533 58
And the expenditui e for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1846—the
first year under the new law—to
the sum of.  4,084,297 22
Making a reduction for the first year,
under the new law, when compared
with the annual average expendi-
ture of the nine preceding years,
of.    415,296 36
And when compared with the expenditures of
the previous year, a reduction of... §236,434 77
The whole expenditure for the year ending the
30th of June, 1846, amounted to... .$4,084,297 22
Tho income for the same time, in-
cluding the postages paid by the
different branches of the Executive
Government, amounted to  3,487,199 35
Leaving a deficiency of revenue of $597,097 87
The deficiency was supplied by drafts from the
treasury as the service required $650,000 00
Leaving a balance in hand on the first
of July, of the moneys drawn from
the treasury during the fiscal year,
of.    52,902 23
The tables submitted by the First Assistant
Postmaster General, accompany this report, mark-
ed C, 1, 2, 3, and furnish many minute and inter-
esting details of the service.
The mail service of the United States, exclusive
of Texas, is performed by 3,530 contractors on
4,285 post routes, the aggregate length of which is
149,679 miles. Its transportation throughout the
year ending the 30th of June last amounted to
37,398,414 miles, and the engagements for said
transportation, stated by the year, amounted to
$2,665,078.
This cxcecds the amount of service rendered the
preceding year, in the length of routes, 5,739
miles, and in the annual transportation of the
mails 1,764,145 miles; but is less than the expense
of the preceding year by the sum of $202,913.
There is, however, $4,893 excess in the cost of
mail agencies for the last over the preceding year;
and about §9,189 for 4; months' transportation of
mails in Texas, from the 16th of February to the
30th of June, 1846, to be deducted fiom this dif-
feience, which would leave the cost of last year's
service at the rate of$188,831 a year less than that
of the preceding year.
This saving is not produced by retrenchments
in the service; for whilst the retrenchments or-
dered during said year amount, when stated by
their annual~results, to about $45,000, the new and
improved servicc, exclusive of that in Texas,
amounts t.o about $72,000, of which $31,000 is the
cost of the new routes put in operation under the
post-route act of March 3, 1845.
It is the saving effected in the reletting of the
contracts in New England and New York, that
produces the reduction in tho cost of the last year's
service; and also the amount that the new and
additional service costs over and above the re-
treivhments ordered during the year.
And I am gratified to state that a saving in a
ratio equally as great is effected in the reletting of
the mails in the northwestern and southwestern
States and Territories, the service under which
has gone into operation since the close of the last
contract year. Comparing the cost under the
piesent contracts in that section of the Union—
stated by the year—with those that expired on the
30th of June last, there appears a reduction of
$323,901 per annum, being a saving of 33 per cent.
This, as in the case of the New England and New
York contracts, is not produced by the curtail-
ments of the servicc, but by the reduction in the
; rates at which the contracts were taken. So far
from lessening the amount of accommodation
which the mails dispensed, except in reducing the
; grade from coach to horse conveyance whenever
I required by the special provision in the new post-
1 age act of 18-15, the department has, in the new
contracts, increased the frequency and despatch of
' the mails.
The mails have been expedited one business day
between New York city and New Orleans, and
1 twenty-four hours from Washington to St. Louis
| and Nashville, by the way of Louisville—fifty-five
i hours to St. Louis by Springfield and Dayton,
i Daily lines have been established between Mont-
' gomery, Alabama, and Vicksburg, by Jackson;
l from the end of the Georgia railroad to Memphis,
by Tuscumbia and Holly Springs; and to Nash-
ville, by the way of HuntsviHe, ami a tri-weekly
to Knoxville. A similar increase in speed and
frequency of trips has been given to other sections
in proportion to the importance of the routes,
which is sufficiently shown by the increase of
transportation over a million and a half of miles
during the year.
The operation of the act of 1845, has been fa-
vorable to the revenues of the department by a re-
duction in the cost of transportation in the two
sections of the Union let to contract under it. The
regulation of the department which compelled an
under-bidder to take the stock of an old contractor,
was repealed, and the contracts were directed to be
given to the lowest bidder without regard to the
means of transportation other than what was ne-
cessary for the " due celerity, certainty, and secu-
rity of the mails." These provisions enlarged the
field of competition for the service and caused a
reductionin the cost. While the revenues of the de-
partment have been benefited by these provisions,
the service has been occasionally greatly impaired.
The department has been compelled, in many in-
stances, to reject the bids of contractors of estab-
lished reputation, well known to it for their ener-
gy and efficiency, as well as ability to perform the
service, and accept in lieu of them new and inex-
perienced ones, wholly unknown to the service,
and of doubtful means, when there was but a
difference of a few dollars in their bids. The
provision of the law introduced a species of bid-
ding and contract until that time unknown to the
service, by which the bidder proposed to take the
mails with " due celerity, certainty, and securi-
ty," reserving to himself the right to use any
mode of conveyance that his interest might re-
quire; thus taking from the department the right to
prescribe a specific mode of transportation which
had always before been exercised. In many in-
stances the department was constrained to accept
that form of service, especially from old contract-
ors, who had their stock on the road, in conse-
quence of the great difference between that and
other bids where a specific mode of conveyance
was proposed. The effect has been frequent fail-
ures to execute contracts as required, or to put the
lines in operation according' to their propositions;
and when put in operation, an inability, in some
instances, to keep up the service, and changes and
uncertainty in the mode of transportation. These
have produced failures and irregularity in the de-
livering of the mails, causing much complaint in
some sections of the country, and occasioning
great trouble and increased expense to the depart-
ment before new contractors could be obtained.
These evils were more sensibly felt at the recent
lettings, because of the great distance of portions
of the section from the scat of Government, and the
unavoidable delay in sending through the mails
the acceptances to contractors, receiving their re-
plies, and making provision for the new service in
the cases of failure.
Notwithstanding the inconvenience to the de-
partment, experienced in putting into operation
these provisions of the law, and the complaints
produced by it, they are wise and salutary, in
counteracting, to some extent, a spirit of monop-
oly, and in keeping the expenses of the depart-
ment within proper bounds.
The deductions from the pay of contractors for
failures and irregularities m the performance of
mail service for the year ending 30th of June last,
amounted to $26,273 54.
The service in Texas has not been satisfactorily
performed. Upon the passage of the act of May
29, 1846, establishing post routes m Texas, the
late Postmaster General of Texas, [Daniel J. To-
: ler,] was appointed the special agent of the depart-
jj ment, and despatched, with proper instructions, to
; put the routes in opeiation, and superintend the
| service generally. A contract was made with
I, Charles Morgan to transport the mails from New
j; Orleans to Galveston and back, once in every five
i! flays, in ocean steamers. The Galveston and New
j York were engaged in the performance of this ser-
j| vice, when the New York was lost in a storm on
i| the Gulf. The agent [Toler] was on board, and
jj reported the loss of his papers connected with the
j; service, which had been prepared for the depart-
ment. The other vessel, (the Galveston,) it is
i! understood, has been much engaged in the trans-
jj portation of troops and supplies to the Rio Grande.
!J Irregularity in the delivery of the mails at Galves-
ll ton ensued. Independently of this, great derange-
;j ment of the mail service existed in other parts of
■ I Texas, and was justly the cause of much com-
j! plaint. So soon as the department was informed.
I of this state of things—which information was
[[ greatly delayed from some unknown cause—a
