1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
29th Cong 2d Sess.
JReport of the Postmaster General.
Senate Si Ho. op Reps.
second agent was despatched to Texas with proper
instructions for the regulation of the service, and
the postmaster at New Orleans was directed to
forward the mails to Galveston, whenever oppor-
tunity occurred, under the provisions of the 17th
and 18th sections of the act of 1825. The facts of
the case did not seem to warrant an annulment of
so favorable a contract as the one with Mr. Mor-
gan, who, it is expected, will, at no disiant day,
supply the place of the New York, and cause the
service to be again regularly performed. Recent
reports from the agents induce the belief that the
whole service in Texas will be soon in operation,
as authorized by the act of Congress.
On the 30th of June, 1846, there were 14,601
post offices; 877 new offices were established du-
ring the year, and 459 discontinued, making an
increase of 418 offices during the year. On this
day the number is 14,793.
There were appointed during the year 4,958
postmasters, of whom 2,905 were appointed in
consequence of resignations or deaths; 301 in con-
sequence ©f change of sites of the offices; 877 by
the establishment of new offices; 871 by removals;
and 4 where commissions expired and were not
renewed.
Near one-third of the offices in the United States
have been voluntarily vacated since the passage of
the act of the 3d of March, 1845. This, in a great
degree, is attributable to the increased labor in the
offices, and the diminished compensation to post-
masters produced by it. Prior to the passage of
that law, a certain per centum on the proceeds of
the offices was given to the postmasters as a com-
pensation for their services, and for the payment
of the expenses of their offices, including rent, fuel,
pay of clerks, &c., together v/ith the franking
privilege. The latter was much more valued by
many holding the smaller offices than the pecuni-
ary consideration allowed them. This mode of
paying the expenses of the offices from the com-
missions allowed to the postmasters, was the best
that could have been adopted to secure proper
economy in their management. The commissions
allowed to postmasters by the 14th section of the
act of 1825, as the postages were regulated, were
an ample if not liberal compensation for the ser-
vices performed by them, particularly in the larger
offices. The act of 3d March, 1845, abolished the
franking privilege, and left their commissions as
regulated by the act of 1825. The reduction of
the rates of postage increased the business of their
offices, in some cases, more than double, and at
the same time diminished the revenue of the offi-
ces, and the commissions of the postmasters: thus
doubling their labor and diminishing their com-
pensation. They were thereby deprived of the
means of employing the additional assis&nts which
the increased business of their offices required, and
even of the ability to retain the number, at the
same price, engaged in the service prior to the pas-
sage of the law; and hence within the first month
after that law went into operation, four hundred
and seventy-seven resignations were received at
the department.
The construction placed upon the act by the At-
torney General, which was communicated to Con-
gress with my annual report, enabled the depart-
ment to increase their compensation to the same
amount they had received the preceding year, and
had the effect of arresting in some degree the resig-
nations which were going on; so that, in the month
of August, they numbered only two hundred and
sixty-five, and in September two hundred and
twenty-eight—making nine hundred and seventy
resignations in the first quarter. This order of the
department only enabled them to continue the
same number of assistants, at the same compen-
sation, which they had prior to the passage of the
law, which was not greater than the business of
the offices required, and wholly inadequate to the
performance of their increased duties. An accu-
rate opinion may be formed of the reduced amount
of compensation by a comparison of the revenues
of some of the principal offices for a few years
past:
3842. 1843. 1844. 1845. 1846.
New York... $344,771 $323,599 $3-23,450 $294,511 $191,691
Philadelphia.. 167.879 148,787 150,711 139,748 88,382
Baltimore.,.. 84,980 81,122 81,721 84,360 42,038
There are no returns made to the department by
which the increased business of the offices can be
correctly ascertained. Some idea, however, may
be formed by comparing the weight of all the
mails sent from the abovenamed offices, which
was taken for one week in June, 1838, under the
order of one of my predecessors, with the weight
of the mails sent upon railroad and steamboat
routes only, taken under my order for one week
in the month of May last:
Pounds.
Weight of the mails sent from New York
office for one week in June, 1838  19,221
Weight of the mails sent from the Phila-
phia office for one week in June, 1838. 20,849
Weight of the mails sent from the Balti-
more office for one week in June, 1838. 2,720
42,790
Weight of the mails sent from the New
York office for one week upon the rail-
road and steamboat routes  60,002
Weight of the mails sent from the Phila-
delphia office for one week upon rail-
road routes  48,287
Weight of the mails sent from the Balti-
more office for one week, upon the rail-
road routes, estimated  20,000
There can be no doubt that the business in the
offices has greatly increased, perhaps in a greater
ratio than the compensation of postmasters has
been reduced, in consequence of the low rates of
postage under the act of 1845; and yet the post-
masters are left, for their compensation and the
expenses of their offices, to the per centum allowed
by the act of 1825, deprived of the franking privi-
lege, and unable even to receive official letters free
without the trouble and expense of returning them
as vouchers, accompanied by an affidavit, to the
auditor for settlement. It is of the utmost import- i
ance to the community that the offices, distributed j
as they are in every neighborhood, and intimately I
connected with every interest, should be under the '
control of men of integrity, qualified to discharge
the duties with accuracy and promptitude. It can-
not be expected that such men will give their time
and attention to the discharge of these duties with-
out a reasonable compensation. The omission of
the act of 1845 to provide an increased compensa-
tion, proportioned^ the increased labors, has de-
prived the department of the services of many of
its most efficient officers, and still prevents, in
many cases, individuals qualified for the discharge
of these duties from accepting them.
It is a duty which I owe to the public to call
attention to the express which has heretofore been
run, and will probably be again during the busi-
ness season, at New Orleans. At seasons of the
yeai .when -much advantage can be derived from
the exclusive possession of early commercial intel-
ligence, a private express is run over that part of
the mail route which is covered by coach convey- ■
ance between Atalanta, in Georgia, and Mobile. |
The matter to be conveyed is forwarded from New j
York through the mails to Atalanta or Montgome- j
ry, in Alabama, and is despatched by a relay of j
horses with more than double the expedition that j
can be given to the mail stage conveying daily its !
thou.wnds of pounds. By the time the mail coaches j
reach Mobile, the express, if run from Montgome- '
ry, overtakes the mail of the preceding day, gain- '
ing twenty-four hours: if from Atalanta, gaining
forty-eight hours, and proceeds in the mail boat I
to New Orleans. The matter said to be taken :
generally consists of a single newspaper, contain- ;
ing intelligence of the foreign markets brought to .
Boston by the English steamers. In addition to j
the time gained by the express, it is obvious that ,
much more may be secured by using the telegraph
to Washington, from which place the intelligence ,
may be forwarded before any portion of the mail ;
by the foreign steamers can be delivered even in j
New York. . j
The department has been urged, with much ear-
nestness, to establish a Government express over
that part of the mail route where the service is now
performed in coaches. This is represented as the
only mode by which the private express can be ,
put down, because it abstains from the transport- ;
ation of written matter, for which alone the owner |
or carrier can be subjected to the penalties of the ,
act of the 3d of March, 1845. The revenues of'
the department are not materially affected by the j
express. If the whole postage on the matter taken j
by it for a year was paid, it would not eq«al the
expenses of such a line for a single day. Its effect
on individual interest is far different. It gives the
speculator undue advantage over the regular dealer.
It enables the purchaser to defraud the seller in
open market by obtaining his commodities at less
than their value. If the right to take a newspaper
over mail routes out of the mails for such purposes
be secured to the citizen by the act of the 3d of
j March, 1845, as is claimed, it may be questioned
! how far the Government should interfere in its ex-
j ercise by creating a competition against its own
jj citizens in their lawful pursuits and enterprises.
]j If it be not secured, then it should be so declared,
j| and the practice suppressed, by the imposition of
j penalties sufficient to accomplish the object.
ji If such a line should be established by the Gov-
\\ eminent, it must necessarily be for the transmis-
;; sion of intelligence similar to that taken by the
i! private express, and must be special and conclu-
!i sive in its character, and limited to the use of a
I' few, or it would be broken down by its own
i1 weight. There would then be two mail lines pass-
I; ing over the same route, one going with the utmost
/, despatch for the benefit of the few, the other with
|j the usual speed of travel for the community at
h, large. The department cannot say what portion
|! of the matter put in the mails shall be sent with
ii great despatch, an<^ what shall be taken with the
common speed of the mails. It cannot so regu-
late the rates of postage as to charge more upon
the mail matter taken with great speed than is paid
upon that which is taken with less. The postages,
by the act of the 3d of March, 1845, are made
uniform. If such a line should be established, the
object of those urging it could not be accomplished.
The use of the telegraph being under the control of
private individuals, would enable those interested
to communicate intelligence in New Oileans in a
day or two in advance of the letters brought by
the foreign mails, with the utmost speed that could
be given them. There would be no increase of the
postages by its establishment, whilst the increased
expenditure would fall not far short of fifty thou-
sand dollars annually, to be paid out of the treas-
ury.
If the department had the power to establish
such a line, and had yielded to the urgent solicit-
ations for it, similar appeals would have been
made in behalf of other important commercial
points, and could not, with justice, have been de-
clined; and thus the department would have been
involved in heavy expenditures, which its present
revenues would not justify.
It is the duty of the department to give the
utmost expedition to the mails; but this is not
performed by attempting a speed which all must
see cannot be maintained as the law now stands,
:: and which cannot be usefully undertaken until the
department has the exclusive control of the tele-
graph, and is authorized to rate the postages so
high as to exclude from the mails much of the
i matter that now gives weight to thenl.
j Similar appeals were made to the department,
1 during the last session of Congress, for the sup-
j pression of an express line then in operation over
1 the same part of this important route. Instruc-
I tions were given to the agents of the department
! to refer the case to the district attorney for prose-
j cution. For the reasons assigned in this report,
; no prosecution was instituted. The whole sub-
i ject was then laid before the appropriate commit-
tees of Congress. For these reasons, I have de-
, clined establishing the express line which has
! been so anxiously sought by a portion of the
I citizens of New Orleans.
The contractors for the transportation of the mails
i between New York and Bremen, by ocean steam-
j ers, are rapidly progressing with the construction
; of the first vessel; and but little doubt is enter-
| tained that the service will be commenced early in
| the spring. From the reports of the agent appoint-
I ed to inspect timber, machinery, &c.} the work
has so far proved most satisfactory, and promises
| to add to the high reputation of'the mechanics of
j this country, for the judgment and skill exhibited
j in its construction.
I The act of 3d of March, 1845, providing for the
I transportation of the mails between this and for-
I eign countries, undpr which the contract was made
j with Edward Mills and his associates, seemed to
' contemplate the establishment of more lines than
