22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Documents from the, Department of State.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the on® selected. Various propositions were re-
ceived, and communicated to Congress at its last
session, among the number, a line from Charles-
ton, by Havana, to Chagres, in steamers, and
from Panama to Oregon in sail or steam vessels,
was recommended, and no action taken upon the
subject. The clause in the act of the 19th of Junc,
1 S46, appropriating $25,000 for the service between
New York and Bremen provides, that 11 no fur-
ther sum shall be diverted to any other object than
the transportation of the mails within the United
States." This lias not been regarded as a repeal
of the act of the 3d of March, 1845, but as an inti-
mation of the wish of Congress that no further
contract for foreign service should, at this time, be
made under it. No further efforts have, there-
fore, been made to secuie addititional service, not- i
withstanding the anxious desire of the department !
to provide a direct communication with our settle- ,
ments on the Pacific coast. Recent events in that j
remote region would seem to add to the import- j
ance, if not necessity, of the line as proposed at j
the late session of Congress. The finances of the i
department, however, will not admit of its estab- 1
lishment without the previous legislation of Con- j
grcss.
The telegraph between this city and Baltimore
has been kept regularly in operation until the 1st i
of December. A statement of the income and ex- |
penditure from the time it was placed under the [
control of the department is herewith marked D. :
Under the authority given at the last session of
Congress, an arrangement has been made with i
Messrs. Vail and Rogers, the principal officers j
having charge of it, by which the line will be kept
up until the 4th of March next, for its profits, and '■
without further calls upon the treasury.
In my last annual communication, I brought to j
your notice this extraordinary invention of Pro- '
lessor Morse for the transmission of intelligence— |
its importance in all commercial transactions, to ;
those having the control of it, and to the Govern- j
mcnt itself, particularly in a period of war. I then |
expressed the opinion that an instrument, so pow- i
crful for good or for evil, could not, with safety to ,
the citizen, be permitted to remain in the hands of j
individuals uncontrolled by law. Another year's ■
experience gives additional weight to the opinions
then expressed.
Telegraphic lines have been established from
New York to Boston, Buffalo, Philadelphia, Bal-
timore, and Washington city, and otlie s are in
contemplation from this city, south, and from Buf-
falo, west; and will be extended to the principal
cities of the Union in a few years. It now enables .
those controlling it to transmit intelligence mstan- •
taneously between the different cities, where it has
been established, and to the important commercial j
points in the south and west, several days in ad- ,
vance of the mails. The evils winch the commit- |
nity may suffer, or the benefits which individuals ;
may derive, from the possession of such an instru- '
mcnt, under the control ofpiiwite associations, or
incorporated companies, not controlled by law,
cannot be over-estimated. ;
I may further add that the department created j
under the Constitution, and designed to exercise j
exclusive power for the transmission of intelli- i
gence, must necessarily be superseded in much of I
its most impoitant business in a few years, if the |
telegraph he permitted to remain under the control \
of individuals. It is the settled conviction of the i
undersigned that the public interest, as well as the I
safety of the citizen, requires that the Government j
should get the exclusive control of it, by purchase, i
or that its use should be subjected to the restraints
of law. Entertaining these opinions, I addressed
a letter to the President of the association owning
the patent right, to ascertain, as far as practicable,
the probable cost if Congress should be inclined to
make the purchase. A copy of the reply is here-
with communicated, marked E.
The association is willing to dispose of the right
to the Government, but is unwilling to enter into
any negotiation upon the subject wjthout authority
first given by Congress. I also caused inquiries
to be made from the best sources of information,
as to the cost of construction, the expense of keep-
ing up the lines, the profits, and the capability of
such lines for the transmission of intelligence. I
have received replies, giving minute and detailed
statements upon the subjects referred to, which
remain on the files of the department for the use of
Congress, should they be deemed neeessaiy.
Very respectfully, your obedient
To the President of the United States.
DOCUMENTS
From the. Department of State, accompany-
ing the President's JWesnage.
Consulate of the United States of America,
Mexico, Jlpril 26, 1846. ij
Sir: I have the honor to enclose herewith, a :
printed plan, and copy of a communication of Gen- ,j
eral Santa Ana, addressed to a friend in Mexico, ;l
dated 8th of March, to which is added a note
under date of the 8th of April last, relating to the
political regeneration of Mexico. This plan has
been secretly circulated amongst the leaders of the
federal party, and adopted by them. A revolution
to put this plan into operation was to have com-
menced in Vera Cruz on the first of this month;
but owing to some difference of opinion, which
took placc among the chiefs at the time, the thing
failed to be carried into effect. Notwithstanding,
General Alvarez, who was in the plan, and who
was to have acted simultaneously, in concert with
the movement intended to have commenced at Vera
Cruz, afterwards made a p-onunciamento in the
south of this department, for the deposition of the
present Government, and to place in its stead for
the present, a triumvirate composed of Generals
Santa. Ana, Ilerrera, and Rincon, to occupy the
seat of government until a free election could be
made of aPiesidcntby the people. If this promm-
ciamcnto, intended to have been commenced at Vera
Cru7, had gone into effect, it would have been fol-
lowed by nearly all the departments; but this failing
to take place, the departments have not moved in
this affair, although a very great majority of the
people are strongly opposed to the present order
of things, and would be willing by any means in
their power to lend their aid to destroy the present
Government, who they are satisfied arc working
for the establishment of a monarchy, and intend
to cull in foreign intervention to secure and main-
tain the same.
)t is the opinion of many of the liberals, that if
the Congress meet, (which is to be the 1st of June,)
they will establish a monarchical form of govern-
ment, and call in foreign aid. This act, they then
think, will have the semblance of legality-, it is,
therefore, their desire that this Government may
he put down before the meeting of said Congress,
that no foreign Power may have such pretext to
intermeddle in their affairs.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant, JOHN BLACK.
To the Hon. James Buchanan,
Secretary of SUttc, Washington City.
Translation of General Santa Ana's plan.
The inhabitants and the garrison of the town
of , being impressed with the urgent neces-
sity ot sustaining the republic, in the serious peril
to which it is now exposed, and considering—■
I. That from the period when the constitution
freely and spontaneously provided for the republic
by itself, ceased to exist, those since formed have
not been compatible with the wants and wishes of
the majority of the nation.
II. That" from this have arisen the continual
agitations which have afflicted the country, until
it has at length been torn in pieces; and after its
evils from without had been studiously aggrava-
ted, some spurious Mexicans have considered
themselves authorized to endeavor to subject it to
the most shameful vassalage, attempting to invite
a foreign prince to govern it, with the title of Mon-
arcli.
III. That in order to prepare the way for this,
they have dared to deny the sovereignty of the
people, by summoning a Congress in which spe-
cial care has been taken to bring together elements
the most stiange, but the best adapted for con-
summating the disgracc of the nation.
IV. That we cannot assent to the meeting of the
said Congress, without thereby giving a pretext for
assuming the will of the nation, which is pretend-
ed to be represented, in favor of calling in Euro-
pean intervention, and thus supporting the parri-
cide project of the Administration now established
in the capital of the republic.
V. That the establishment of a monarchy in
the nation would involve not only the dissolution
of our army, which the new monarch would not
suffer to subsist, as he could confide in no other
troops than those whom he should bring with him,
but also the absolute subjection of the Mexicans,
who would be excluded from all public employ-
ments, in order to give place to the courtiers or
countrymen of the sovereign charged with govern-
ing us.
VI. That this would render illusory the bene-
fits of the independence for which wo sacrificed
our blood and fortunes, in order to obtain the right
to govern ourselves, with reference to our respect-
ive interests.
VII. That as these overwhelming evils cannot
be averted unless we immediately establish our
government in. a manner more conformable with
the will of the majority of the nation, in order to
give stability to the fundamental code, and, under
iis benign influence, to develop our great elements
of power and weaTth—
We have resolved to proclaim, and do hereby,
proclaim, the following plan for the real regenera-
tion of the republic;
Art. 1. The people and garrison of the town of
 disavow the summons [to a Congress] is-
sued on the 27th of March last, by the so-called
President ail interim and his Ministers, as being a
direct attack upon the sovereignty of the nation,
and issued with the evident object of making the
nation appear to call for a monaichy, with a for-
eign prince to govern it.
Art. 2. Instead of the Congress summoned by
the said decree, another shall be assembled, com-
posed of representatives chosen by the people,
according to the electoral laws under which the
Congress of 1824 was chosen, which body shall
be charged to provide a constitution for the re-
public, and to adopt for it a form of government,
such as it may consider best, with the exclusion
only of the monarchical form, which the nation
detests, and to settle everything connected with
the question of Texas and the other frontier de-
partments.
Art. 3. Within four months after the occupa-
tion of the capital of the republic by the liberating
forces, the Congress mentioned in the preceding
article shall be assembled; to which end it shall
be the duty of the general-in-chief to issue a decree
of summons in the terms herein indicated, and to
take other measures for the conduct of the elec-
tions, with the utmost freedom possible.
Art. 4. The existence of the army is guaran-
tied, givin* to it all the attention which is due to
the meritorious militaiy class of a fice people.
Art. 5. All persons shall bo declared traitors
to the nation who shall attempt to impede the
assembling of the said Congress, or to attack it
by placing obstacles to the liberty of its members,
by dissolving or suspending its sessions, or who
shall endeavor to oppose the constitution which it
may establish.
Translation of a Utter from General Antonio Lopez
de Santa Jlna.
. March 8, 1846.
To Sr. 0 * * * *
My esteemed Friend: As the situation of the
republic is daily becoming more critical, and en-
vironed as it is by serious perils, no order of
things could be as yet established sufficient to meet
its exigencies, and to restore its forces, so as to
preserve it from the scorn of all foreign nations,
the occasion is now offered, my esteemed friend,
for making a strong effort, by uniting all good
Mexicans in the reestabhshment of its system,
agreeably to the wishes and the interests of (he
masses.
The love of provincial liberties being firmly
rooted in the minds of all, and the democratic prin-
ciple predominating everywhere, nothing can die
established in a solid manner, in the country,
which does not conform with these tendencies; nor
without them can we attain either order, peace,
or prosperity, or respectability among foreign
nations.
To draw everything to the centre, and thus to
