1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Root.
Ho. of Reps.
The undersigned avails himself of the present
occasion to offer to his excellency the Minister of
Foreign Affairs of the Mexican republic the assu-
rance of his most distinguished consideration.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Department of State,
Washington, 26th September, 1846.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. J. M. ROOT*
OF OHIO,
In the Hodse of Representatives,
May 13, 1846. ■
The Army Appropriation Bill being under consid-
eration in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union—
Mr. BLACK, of South Carolina moved to add
the following section:
u 3nd be it further enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act to the end of the present war, the monthly
pay of the non-coitfmissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, of the artillery, infantry, and riflemen, who may be
in the service of the United States, shall be the same as the
pay allowed to the non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates of the dragoon regiments of the United States."
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
"And that the pay of piivafe soldiers in the service of the
United States shall be $10 pei month; provided that nothing
m tins act shall be construed to make the pay of any non-
commissioned officer or musician less than the pay of a pri-
vate as fixed by this act."
Mr. ROOT, having obtained the floor, spoke as
follows:
Mr. Chairman: I shall vote for the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky to the
amendment proposed to the bill by the gentleman
from South Carolina; and, whether it prevail or
not, I shall then vote for the amendment to the bill.
Two days since I would have voted differently,
for then we had no war, and I believe the present
wages of our soldiers sufficient for the pcacc es-
tablishment; but now, sir, we are at war with
Mexico, and God grant that we do not, before we
return to our constituents, involve our country in
a war with a more powerful nation! At any rate,
we must now abandon the peace policy and pur-
sue the war policy.
Of the causes, the objects, and the character of
this war with Mexico I should have been glad to
speak, if I could have done so, before it was indis-
solubly fastened upon the country; but, by the
operation of your tyrannical resolution cutting off
debate, my mouth was shut, and I was denied the
poor privilege of remonstrance; and now it does
not suit my taste to say all that T would have said
then. But there are some things of which I intend
to speak with entire freedom, although they are
only remotely connected with the question imme-
diately before the committee.
Your Mexican war bill, sir—I voted against it—
against its false and snivelling preamble, its vague
and slavish appropriation of money, and its bar-
barous spirit: I voted against all. I was willing
to appropriate any required amount of money to
pay for succors that I hope have reached or may
reach General Taylor's army in time to rescue it
from the imminent peril into which it has been
brought by the blundering temerity of the Execu-
tive; but that bill could afford no relief to the army,
for it was quite obvious that the fate of the army,
for weal or for wo, would be fixed irrevocably be-
fore a musket or a dollar appropriated by the bill
could reach it. The bill did not contemplate relief
to Taylor's army; its object was war; and, sir, if
by any vote of mine I could have endorsed its
falsehoods, or sanctioned the usurpation by the
Executive of the constitutional power of Congress,
as you have done by enacting that bill into a law,
I should feel that I deserved all the odium that
some of your friends on this floor would have me
believe awaits me; for could I vote for the bill,
and then satisfy my conscience with the poor
palaver of a protest? I confess that it is a source
of regret to me that, on this momentous question,
I felt constrained to separate from most of the
members of this House with whom it is my pride
x This speech was delivered in the first session of the
29th Congress, but inadvertently omitted in the Appendix
for that session.
generally to act, but I yield the same respect for
their motives that I claim for my own. They
were governed by their sense of duty, and I was
by mine; and I believe that nearly all the Whig
members of the House entertain the same opin-
ions of the character of the bill and of the con-
duct of the Executive in respect to the war. But,
sir, I am not alone. At the head of the little band
of fourteen who voted against the bill stands the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] and next him my aged and beloved col-
league, [Mr. Vance.] Of such company the rest
of us may well be proud; and, when my own
judgment approves, I feel that it is safe to follow
where they lead. We stiove to keep our country
in the right, but we strove in vain: you would
have it otherwise. And now, speaking for myself
alone, I declare to you that I recognise the exist-
ence of war with Mexico: I bow to the will of the
majority, and I am for my country right or wrong.
I trust I love her too well to forsake her because
she is misgoverned, or to relax my humble efforts
to arouse her to a sense of danger, and save her
from those that beset her from within as well as
from without.
And here let me observe that I regard* this war
as likely to pyove but the beginning of a long series :
of nation \\ troubles; for, if it continue long, it will ;
almost necessarily, in my opinion, involve us in a
war with Great Britain. I cannot believe that that
nation will remain an indiffcrentorinactivespecta-
tor of your movements, if you attempt, as you
threaten to do, the conquest of Mcxican territory.
Call me an alarmist if you please, but allow me to
remind you that Great Britain holds a mortgage of
Mexican territory, to secure a loan of some sixty
millions ofdollars which she lias made to Mexico;
that the citizens of the former country have im-
mense interests in the commerce and mines of the
latter; and that, whatever else may be said against
Great Britain, she cannot be accused of having
ever, in a single instance, neglected her own or her
people's interests in her dealings with other na-
tions; and it is hardly to be supposed that at this
time of day, and all at once, she will change her
policy in this respect; and hence I fear that you
are in a way to get more of war than you will have
a stomach for. If we are to have any more wars,
I implore and I warn you to placc our country in
the right as to them. Look to it, sir, that they be
neither unjust nor unnecessary. Every war is a }
curse; but an unnecessary war, and "with Great
Britain, would be doubly accursed. In such a war,
there would not be, of this wide-spread country,
any part more exposed to the assaults of the enemy
than the district which I have the honor to repre-
sent here. The bloody strife would be brought to
the very doors of my constituents. Their sons
would be devoted to the slaughter, and their shrines
to the flames. But, sir, they would do their duty.
Fear not for them, but for yourself, and such as
you; for when your iniquities come to be visited |j
upon the heads of the people, they will scan very j(
closely the causes of this Mexican war, and of all i1
others that may follow in its wake. And now, in i
all candor, let me ask you, Mr. Chairman, if you j
do not believe that tfiey will find among those !
causes at least one which will arouse in their breasts
a feeling and lead to resolve that will overwhelm
you with their wrath r For the freemen of the
North I will venture to speak. Wlien they come
to know you, and what you have been doing, they
will hurl you from power and cover you with
shame.
But to return to the question before the commit-
tee. I am anxious to avoid other wars; to have the
one in which we are now engaged conducted with
as little of cruelty and injustice as possible, and to
have it brought to a speedy, a happy, and an hon-
orable close. Therefore, t would make our mili-
tary service, for the time, as respectable and effi-
cient as possible, by engaging brave, patriotic, and
good men in it; and I know not a better means of
doing this, than by raising the wages of the rank
and lie in time of war up to the point of liber-
ality, or, if you please,'generosity. The gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] who, I |
believe, invariably votes for the smallest sum and ]
shortest time, tells us that our soldiers are better i
fed, better clothed, and better paid, than any others '
in the world. His statement is probably correct; |
and I admit that they are well fed, well clothed, I
and, for a time of peace, well paid. The pay of
the commissioned officers is, I think, sufficient for
peace or war; but I deny that the non-commis-
sioned officers, privates, musicians, &c., receive an
adequate compensation for their services in time of
war. Why, sir, you wish, you expect, the best
men; not always the most learned, nor the most
wealthy, nor yet the most clamorous of their pa-
triotism, but the stoutest and truest-hearted men in
the country to rally around your standard in this
war; and think you, sir, that such men will, while
you and I receive eight dollars a day for declaring
that "war exists by the act of Mexico," deem
eight dollars a month enough for fighting it out?
I confess that, if they would take into considera-
tion the M^ear and tear of conscience that we have
to undergo here, they might find some reason for
the great discrimination in wages in our favor.
But they will never suspect that we can merit any
additional pay by such sufferings.
Thegentleman from Maine [Mr. Hamllv] seems
to think that we shall find men enough to fight our
battles, who will not be actuated by any mercenary
motive, or, in his own words, " any motive of dol-
lars and cents." But I think that it would be un-
reasonable to expect this until this House shall be
able to give at least one instance of an honorable
member serving his country as faithfully and effi-
ciently as the gentleman from Maine does, without
drawing from the treasury either "per diem" or
" mileage."
I will, however, do my countrymen the justice
to say, that if our country were unable to pay her
soldiers, still I believe that she would not, for that
reason, lack them in her time of need; but that
they would come to her rescue from every portion
of her territory, and from every walk in life, with-
out thinking of wages. But, sir, the country is
able to pay, and does pay every other branch of
the public scrvice well; and if, in view of this, you
attempt to jew down the wages of the high-hearted
American freeman, who joins your army from
choice, and to fight, and not to eat, sleep, and
parade in barracks, to such sum as is paid by the
I crowned heads of the old world to their vassals,
j or even to such as you pay your idlers on the
| peace establishment, you will meet with disap-
; pointment and you will inspire disgust.
Does not experience teach us anything on this
subject? At the commencement of the last war
between this country and Great Britain, the pay
of a private soldier was five dollars a month, and
the bounty for enlistment was sixteen dollars. But
it was very soon found necessary to raise the
wages to eight dollars a month, and before the
close of the war the bounty paid for enlistment
was carried up to near one hundred and fifty dol-
lars. Of course, T know very little of the public
sentiment at that time in respect to the wages of
the private soldiers; but I have often heard well-
informed men, who took prominent parts in the
scenes of that day, attribute many of the disasters
that befell our arms in the first part of that war to
the inadequacy of the pay of the privates.
How is it now in Louisiana, where our war
should be popular, if anywhere? Do not the news-
papers inform us that volunteers do not come for-
ward in sufficient numbers to enable the Governor
of that State to comply with the requisition made
upon him by General Taylor, and that he will
have to resoit to a diafl to do so? and this, too,
when it is well known that the very existence of
General Taylor's army may depend upon a prompt
compliance with his requisition? Yet, no one
doubts the patriotism of the citizens of Louisiana,
or their deep sympathy with our fellow-citizens of
the u army of occupation." I tell you, Mr.
Chairman, you must do something to raise " Un-
cle Sam's" character as a paymaster, or this rais-
ing of volunteers will prove an uphill business.
On the score of economy, too, I believe the poli-
cy of low wasres the very worst in the world. A
short war, with high wages, will be much less ex-
pensive than a long war with low. If you will
take the trouble to look into this army appropria-
tion bill, you will see that of the expense of keep-
ing up our military establishment the wages of the
rank and file bears but a very small proportion;
and if you will go still further, and examine the
war ^accounts, and especially the accounts of the
Florida war, you will find that the amount of their
wages, when compared with the other expenses of
