26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June,
29th Cong 2d Se
,ss.
The Oregon Treaty—Mr, Cass.
Senate.
a war, is absolutely insignificant. And yet, sir, as
you very .well know, of all the essential qualities of
a good army, the character and disposition of the
rank and file is the most important. How will
this niggardly policy of ours towards the private
soldier appear to the people, when they learn that
we pass without objection such items as these?
« For commutation of officers' subsistence, four hun-
dred and sixty-five thousand eight hundied and thirty-two
dollars. ^
" For commutation of forage for officer*' horses, seventy-
one thousand six hundred and three dollars.
& For expenses of recruiting, twelve thousand and twenty-
two dollar. , x „
" For transportation of officers' baggage, when travelling
without troops, liity thousand dollars."
And these items, be it remembered, are for the
peace establishment.
Whilst I have the floor, (which, as you know,
Mr. Chairman, is not always to be had for the
asking.) I may as well make my acknowledgments
to the gentleman from New York, who, in his
speech delivered this morning, was so very com-
ulimentary to the fourteen members of this House
who voted against the Mexican war bill as to de-
nounce us as enemies to our country, and to con-
sign us to an immortality of infamy.
In order to a just appreciation of our obligation
to this amiable gentleman, it should be remem-
bered that all the while he was saying these civil
things of us, he was suffering, as it seemed, undei
some incurable disease, which, though it could not
destroy the natural sweetness of his temper, did
pioduie such strange distortion of face as were
painful to behold, 'it was quite obvious that he,
immaculate patriot that he is, though he felt eon-
strained by a high sense of public duty to condemn
us, yet did so more in sorrow than in anger. Re-
buke, nay, condemnation, coming from such a
source, and administered in such a spirit, must
needs he both pleasant and profitable to us; arid 1
trust that we shall be able to give it just the con-
sideration that it deserves. Doubtless we commit-
ted a great error, in the opinion of the. gentleman,
by endeavoting to deprive our country of the bles-
sings of war; but will he not listen to a word in
extenuation, if not in excuse, of our offence? He
should remember that though some of the oldest of
march. For almost half a century that country
has formed a subject of discussion between the
two nations, and recently it has threatened to be-
come a subject of hostilities.
A treaty is now presented to us, which, if rati-
fied, will terminate this cause of difference by the
abandonment of a large portion of our claim, and,
what is still worse, by the abandonment of more
than was ever offered or even contemplated in any
one of the various phases of this diplomatic con-
test. I say if ratified; but it seems scarcely neces-
sary to speak conditionally upon this matter. As
to the English Government, it can hardly refuse
its formal assent to an instrument prepared by
itself. It comes to us as it came from England,
and, as has been said, without " the crossing of a t
or the dotting of an i, untouched and unchanged."
And as to the issue of our present discussion, the
course it has taken, and the vote we have already
given, announce but too clearly that we shall return
it as we received it. making its terms our own.
This is the second chapter in the history of this
convention. As I have said, it was prepared in
England, not jointly between our Minister and a
British diplomatic agent, but by the British Min-
istry; a d when it reached the Executive, that
functionary, in the exercise of an unquestionable
prerogative, submitted it to the Senate, asking
their advice respecting the expediency of accepting
its stipulations, and accompanying this application
j with an unequivocal declaration, that his opinions
I on the Oregon question, announced in his annual mes-
: sage at the commencement of the present session of Con-
] gress, " remain unchanged." The advice, thus
asked, was promptly given, without printing the
papers, or referring the subject, agreeably to inva-
riable usage, and with but one day between the
; receipt of the message and our final action upon it.
j So promptly, indeed, that an honorable Senator
' from Connecticut, while rebuking tke hot haste
j which characterized our proceedings, remarked,
; that we were snatching at this offer as a hungry
| dog snatches at a bone.
1 Well, the advice was given to the President to
| negotiate with the Biitiyh Government, agreeably
j to their proposition; and the President, as he had
previously announced to us he would do
nil.  - -  - - . . , , M [m/ii'/uoij iuiiiviuiiv/i>u i,v/ lio 11^ wwuiu uu, if W6
the u fourteen "may have had something to uo with caused this projet to pass
war in the old-fashioned way, yet not one ot them j| |-/linmilrn the usual forms of negotiation, and it now
ever participated in that most novel, lefined, and
elnvalric kind, with which the gentleman from
New York is so familiar, and which is in so much
favor with Ills constituents—1 mean, sir, that kind
of war which is sometimes wa^ed by a disguised
mob against the legally constituted authorities of
their country. We have never seen war m its
most attractive form, and then-fore cannot be ex-
pected to court it with all the ardor of those who
have. , ,
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I must beg leave
to suggest to the honoiable gentleman that it is
possible that he may be disappointed in his expecta-
tions from this war with Mexico; not that I think
it is fraught with any great danger to him; on the
contrary,"l believe tluu he will be quite safe from its
effects, for X understand that lie lesidrs at the loik
of some creek away among the Delawaio hijls,
where a foreign enemy would be bothered to find
him, and a domestic, one would be apt to icgaid j
him as a friend. I very much doubt, howevel, |
whether the gentleman will be able to derive as ,
much consequence and advantage from a national
war as he has derived from the anti-rent wars of j
his own county. j
THE OREGON TREATY.
SUBSTANCE OF
T H R s P E E CH OF MS. CASS/
OF MICHIGAN,
In the StNATE—Secret Session,
Jane, 184G.
On the ratification of the Oregon Treaty; with ad-
ditions.
In the progress of our controversy with Eng-
land, Mr. President, for the possession of Oregon,
we have at length reached the last step of our j
1 Mid t.h1; three suceeedma; ppceehes weie delivered ,
}il The session of the 29th Congress, hut were not written i
out m uiue to be inserted in the Appendix for that &c*sion. j
comes to us as a treaty, drawn up and signed by
tin; proper diplomatic agents, and leady for our
ratification or rejection, or, if need be, for modifi-
cation.
The first reflection which arises in the practical
consideration of this subject is this: that the propo-
sition transmitted to us is not an ultimatum, or, in
other "words, it docs not contain the most flivoiable
terms we can obtain. It is a projet, to be met, in
the usual progress of diplomatic controversy, by a
counter projet. One party says, I ask so much.
The other answers, and I so much; and then fol-
low mutual concessions, till both meet upon com-
mon ground, or part to meet m war. Our Minister
at the British court—an able, upright, and expe-
rienced statesman, possessing the confidence of the
country and of the Administration, and deserving
it—lias said m a despatch, dated J^th May, 1846.
and laid before us by the President: " It may be
4 considered ccitam, also, in my opinion, that the
' oiler now to be made is not to be submitted as
* an ultimatum, and is not tendered as such." " It
4 has not received my countenance."
And, m another part of his despatch, he speaks
as distinctly and unequivocally upon this subject:
"Feeling very sure, however, that the present
4 offer is not made or intended as an ultimatum, I
4 think it only reasonable to infer an expectation
4 on the part of those who are ottering it, not only
4 that modifications may be suggested, but that they
4 may be reasonably required."
"I do not think (says Mr. McLane) there can
{ be much doubt, however, that an impicssion has
4 been produced here, that the Senate would accept
4the proposition now offered, at least without any
'material modification, and that the President
4 would not take the responsibility of rejecting it,
4 without consulting the Senate."
44 if there be any reasonable ground to entertain
'such an impression, however erroneous, an offer
c less objectionable, in the first instance, could
' hardly be expected."
Certainly not, and circumstances indicate that
this impression of the British Government, re-
specting the action of the Senate, will not be erro-
neous.
And why this hot haste ? Is there anything in the
state of this controversy, or in the relative condition
of the two countries, which requires us to act pre-
cipitately, sacrificing our own just rights, lest the
future should deprive us of the present opportunity
of purchasing secutity by concession? Till the ex-
piration of a year, from the time of the notice of the
dissolution of the existing convention was given,
and until one of the parties shall provide for an ex-
clusive occupation of the country in dispute, this
controversy cannot become an armed contest. And
within that period, we can communicate our own
views more than twenty times to the British Gov-
ernment, and more than twenty times receive their
acceptance or modification of them. Surely this is
verge enough for consideration, without rushing to
a decision at the expense of our interests, not to
say of our honor.
The honorable Senator from Missouri has said,
with great candor: "They (the British Minis-
4 ters) have not made their proposition an ultima-
4 turn-, they leave it open to our objections, and of
4 course to modifications. I have no doubt the three
4 minor articles might be modified to my entire sat-
4 isfaction." And what are the provisions of the
articles thus denominated minor, and not deemed
worthy of an attempt at modification ?
One of them grants the free navigation of the Co-
lumbia river; another the possessions of the Hud-
son Bay Company, and of all other British sub-
jects, down to the parallel of 42°; and the third, the
confirmation of the "farms, lands, and other prop-
erty of the Puget's Sound Agricultural Company-
north of the Columbia river."
And what reason is given by the Senator from
Missouri for the instantaneous ratification of the
treaty, with this knowledge that by asking we shall
obtain the relinquishment of these demands, m the
case of the navigation of the Columbia river, known
to be injurious in itself, and particularly unaccept-
able to the American people; and in the case of the
grants and confinnations, without the least evi-
dence to guide us, as to their number, value, or
position ? Why, two motives for immediate action
are presented. One, that the business of the coun-
try is suffering; and the other, that we are at war
with Mexico, and that so lone; as our difficulties
are unadjusted with Great Britain, that circum-
stance will have an encouraging influence on the
sjnrits of our neighbor. "Let the treaty be ratifi-
4 ed—let the news of the ratification go to Mexico,
' and the tidings of that event will do more than an
* army with banners to turn her thoughts upon
4 peacc with the United States. Peace will then
'be her policy," &c.
1 am not at all disposed to analyze these views.
I would merely remark, that happen what may,
we are seeking a doubtful good, at the certainty of
a great sacrifice. I think the honorable Senator
from Indiana has clearly shown that the low price
of flour, charged by the Senator from Missouri to
44 these rumors of war," has its origin in an
abundant crop and a limited demand, and has little
to do with the Oregon controversy. But suppose
we proceed without delay to give our assent to this
treaty, major and minor articles and all, and we
should find that markets did not rise in conse-
quence of it; that, though " there is not a farmer
but what has suffered in the price of his produce,"
yet that he would equally suffer then, and that the
business of the country would not feel that elastic
bound which is confidently predicted as the mo-
tive and reward of our acquiescence: suppose the
war with Mexico should go on with that obstinacy
of perseverance and recklessness of consequences,
which mark the Spanish character, and that its
" expense for any one-half day of the time, or, at
the very outside, three-quarters of a day," should
not come to be weighed in the balance against
those minor articles, involving as they do our honor
and our interests; and if our 44 neighbor" should
not44 turn her thoughts upon peace"—what then ?
Why, we should have low prices and a Mexican
war, without even the consolation that we had de-
manded for our country what England is prepared
to concede. Peace will come, but we shall owe it
to other causes than this treaty—to the wisdom of
the Government, to the exertions of the country,
and to the valor of the army; and so will higher
