1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Oregon Treaty—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
prices, which we shall owe to the immutable laws
of supply and demand; but I doubt if we can buy
either peace or prices by precipitancy or submis-
sion.
Three years since, the Senator, in a debate upon
the Oregon bill, laid down the true doctrine in na-
tional controversies: " I grant that Great Britain
4 will take offence at us; but that is not the ques-
4 tion with me. Has she a right to take oiTcncc ?
4 That is my question; and that being decided in
4 the negative, I neither fear nor calculate conse-
quences." 4 4 Courage will head her off. Pear
* will bring her upon us. The assertion of our
4 rights will command her respect; the fear to as-
4 sert them, will bring us into contempt." This
text requires no commentary.
Mr. President, the general question of our title
to Oregon has been discussed and exhausted m
both houses of Congress, recently and formerly.
To introduce it upon this occasion would be equal-
ly unnecessary and unprofitable. I shall undertake
no such work of supererogation. I did not intend
even to allude to what passed in this body, during
the progress of this subject, and I shall do so now,
no further than is necessary (borrowing an expres-
sion from the Senator from Missouri) to remove
from my path certain little bits of rubbish,, which have
been throion there. I shall do that as gently as may
be.
I said some time since, sir, and I repeat the
sentiment now, that the terms of the settlement of
this question with England was a subject upon
which we might reasonably differ without crimi-
nation or recrimination. Those who believe that
our title to all Oregon is so 44 clear and unquestion-
able" that no portion of it ought to be relinquished,
may well contend for its whole extent, and risk
the consequences. Those, on the contrary, who
consider our claim involved in reasonable doubt,
may well consent to restrict it within narrower
bounds, and to establish a line of compromise be-
tween* the tw^nations. All this is fair and reason-
able. But theie is another view pressed with
great pertinacity, and with which I cannot concur.
It, in the first place, exhibits the parallel of 49° as
the line of right and of fight, as giving us all that
any Administration ever asked before, and all we
ought to have; and then it assumes that the terms
of this treaty secure to us this parallel, and that
therewith we ought not only to be content, but proud
of our success. These Io Pceans are the little bits
of rubbish which, though they do not obstruct my
path, still annoy me, and which 1 must remove.
If this treaty settled the boundary upon the parallel
of 49°, and was offered as a compromise, the re-
sult of mutual concession, though I could not con-
cur in the sentiment, still I should discharge ray
duty by a silent negative vole. But, in my opin-
• ion, there is no occasion for gratulation or national
laudation, as though we had achieved a conquest;
and thinking so, I shall say so, and shall say it
plainly.
The Senator from Missouri is highly content
with this arrangement, and says, " The fnst arti-
4 cle, (that which establishes the boundaiy,) is
4 in the very woids which I myself would have
4 used, if the two governments had left it to me to
4 diaw the boundary between them." " Forty-
4 nine is the line of right and of mutual convcni-
4 ertre between the two Powers, offered by us
4 since the time of Mr. Jefferson, and wonderfully
'adapted to the natural divisions of the country
'and the actual possessions of the two parties."
" Mr. Jefferson offered this line in its whole ex-
* tent in 1807; Mr. Monroe made the same offer in
' 1818; Mr. Adams offered it in 182G; Mi, Tyler
4 in 1S42, and Mr. Polk in 1845; and by all cxcept
4 the last as a line of right." " It is a marvelously
4 proper line, and does great honor to the dipcern-
4 ment, or illustrate the good fortune of the French
4*and British Commissioners, under the treaty of
4 Utrecht, by whom it was so long ago establish-
4 ed."
I am not going to dig up the treaty of Utrecht
from its quiet arehaiological grave. I leave it
" alone with its glory." Its day has passed by.
It is ail obsolete idea. Not even the Senator from
Missouri, with his great powers, can bieathe into
that bygone work the breath of life. But were it
otherwise, and were the parallel of 49° established
by the treaty of Utrecht, what justification could
we have for entertaining this projet, or even for re-
ceiving it? If England and the United States,
through France, who§e title we hold, fixed that
parallel, as the boundary of their possessions, ex-
tending to the Western ocean, what is this Gov-
ernment negotiating about, and what is this Senate
discussing? The demand by England of 44 one
inch or acre" south of that line would be as dis-
honest, as it would be arrogant, not to say impu-
dent; and our submission would brand us with
everlasting disgrace. We have got hen bond, as-
signed to us by France, and her bond is all we
shall have, if we yield to her present pretensions,
and substitute a treaty of Washington for a treaty
of Utrecht, with its 44 marvellously proper line." If
this assumption be true, the two governments have
been playing a most unworthy part before the
world for half a century. Unworthy of the one,
which in effect denies its own solemn compact and
disregards it-^lcoolly demanding a large slice of the
territory it has acknowledged to be ours; and of
the other, which receives the demand, with equal
coolness, and prepares to yield to it.
But, sir, bad as this claim is, it is not so bad as
that. The country now knows, that no line west
of the Rocky Mountains was established under the
treaty of Utrecht, and that, in fact, n<?such line
could have been established.
It knows, that the stipulations of that treaty ex-
tended only to the French and English colonies.
It knows, that the country on the northwest
coast was then, in effect, unknown and unclaimed,
or if claimed at all, it was by Spain.
It knows, that in the statement of the British
claim by the British negotiators, this treaty of
Utrecht was never once alluded to, and that the
voyage of Captain Cook, in 1778, was urged by
them as the origin of their title.
It knows, that the recognition of the Spanish
title in 1790, by Great Britain, under the Nootka
Sound Convention, was utterly inconsistent with
the notion uf a division of that region between
France and England, three-fourths of a century
before.
It knows, that if such a line had been thus es-
tablished, better evidence of the fact ought to be
produced than loose and contradictory assertions
of obscure authois, not one of whom wrote con-
temporaneously with the alleged transaction, and
riot one of whom, when carefully examined, asserts
that a line was established under the treaty of
Utrecht, as a boundary between the English and
French possessions from the Atlantic to the North-
west ocean, upon the parallel of 49°. Better evi-
dence than is furnished by the collections of Mr.
Kennedy, the recollections of Mr. Pitkin, the com-
munications of Colonel Pickering, or post prandium
conversations at the table of Mr. Jefferson.
It knows and feels, that the task of pioving the
establishment of this line devolves upon those who
would limit their country's claims by it; and that
j nothing but an authenticated copy of the prpceed-
j ings of the commissioners, from the archives at
! London or Paris, should be icceived as evidence,
| or entitled even to the slightest consideration.
| So much for the treaty of Utrecht, and for the
| line which was not established under it.
! But unfoitunately, the terms of this treaty do
| not give us the parallel of 49° for a boundary.
! And therefore it cannot give us what the Senator
I from Missouri says was aline of right; offered by
i all preceding Jldmmist rations. Jl line of right offered,
] as such by all preceding Administrations! "In its
! whole extent by Mr. Jefferson.'' Of this fact, as
; no proof is furnished, I may be permitted to ie-
| move it out of the way. I know of no document,
I or even conversation, which shows, that such an
I offer was ever made. But we have an authentic
1 paper which proves that Mr. Jcffeison did not and
I would not make sueh an offer, and that he iejected
i a convention formed with England, because it
alluded to rights of the United States and of that
country west of the Rocky Mountains, and seemed
to assert their existence by necessary implication.
45 However reasonable," said Mr. Madison in a
despatch to Messrs. Monroe and Pinckney, dated
July, 1807, 44 our claims may be," (that is, "our"
claims " on the continent of America, beyond the
Stony Mountains," in the words of the rejected
convention) 44 compared with those of others,"
(evidently meaning England) " it is impolitic, es-
4 pecially at the present moment, to strengthen
4 Spanish jealousy of the United States, which it is
4 probably an object of England to excite by the
4 clause in question."
So much for the offer of this line in its, whole extent
by Mr. Jefferson.
But whatever offer was made, it was not only
an offer east of the Rocky Mountains, but it was
made, as is now perfectly understood, when some
obscure authorities had induced the presumption,
not the belief, (for Mr. Madison clearly expressed
his doubts of their authenticity,) that a boundary
line had been established between the Englishand
French possessions on the parallel of 49°, under
the treaty of Utrecht. And it was made some
years before our title to the whole of Oregon was
strengthened and perfected by the cession of Spain.
So'much for the value of this offer of Mr. Jeffer-
son, even if it were made, as establishing the posi-
tion that the parallel of 49° is now a line of right,
because it would have been accepted as a boundary
in 1807, not of Oregon, but of the country east of
the Rocky Mountains.
But the same offer, says the Senator from Mis-
souri, has been made by all the Administrations
succeeding that of Mr. Jefferson, which have con-
ducted this negotiation, and by all except that of
Mr. Polk, as u a line of right." 44 By Mr. Mon-
roe in 1818." And this, too, was before our pur-
chase of the Spanish claim, and therefore has no
bearing upon our present title. But, howevei this
may be, the asseition that the offer was made as
44 a line of right," may be judged by this fact, that
our negotiators in 3818, Messrs. Gallatin and
Rush, under Mr. Monroe's direction—and this,
too, was yet before the Spanish cession—asserted
the first exploration of the Columbia river by the
United States, and 44 the formation of the fir^C
establishment in the country through which it
flows, by their citizens." They added: "They
did not assert that the United States had a perfect
right to this country," (evidently alluding to the
Spanish claim,) butc< insisted that their claim was
at least good against Great Britain."
In 18:23, Mr. Monroe proposed to the British
! Government the latitude of 51° as the northern
■ boundary of the possessions of the United States,
j Mr. Rush, in 1824, acting under the oulers of
| Mr. Monroe, claimed for the United States the
I whole country from 42° " to at least as far up as
! the 51st degree of north latitude." He asserted,
likewise, that the claim of the United States, as
high up as 60° would fi preclude other nations
from forming colonial establishments upon any
portion of the American coast."
He said also: '4 It was clear by the treaty of
4 Pans in 1763, that her territorial rights, (those of
4 Great Britain,) were bounded west by the Missis-
4 sippi."
Mr. Gallatin, in 1827, under the Administration
of Mr. Adams, after the British Government had
refused to accept the offer of compromise made to
them, announced that the Government of the Uni-
ted States wore now released from any obligation
imposed by that or a preceding offer, and would
henceforth be at liberty to contend for their whole claim;
which distinctly shows that the offer of 49° was an
offer of concession, and not of right.
The Senator from South Caiolinn, [Mr. Cal-
itorsr,] who conducted the negotiation under Mr.
Tyler, claimed for the United States 44 the territory
diained by the Columbia river," which extends
probnbly to the 53d paiaUel. ile says 14 he thinks
' he has shown a clear title on the part of the United
' States to the whole legion drained by the Coluni-
' bia."
And these are the claims of the Administration
of Mr. Monroe, of Mr. Adams, and of Mr. Tyler;
! each of which offered 49° a line of right, as is now
| asserted; but each of which, as is here shown, car-
ried our title far north of that limit, and agreed to
accept it in a spirit of compromise.
The head of one of these Administrations is now
living, and holding a seat among us in the councils
of his country. He was also in the cabinet of Mr.
Monroe, and charged with the adjustment of this
controversy. He has said in the House of Rep-
resentatives, this very session, that "we have a
right to the whole of Oregon;" and again: 41 She
(Great Britain) had no claim whatever." And the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
who was Secretary of State under Mr. Tyler,
speaking of the convention of 1818 and 1827, told
us not long since that 44 if we could at that time
