28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Ju
29th Cong 2n Sess.
The Oregon Treaty—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
' have obtained the latitude of 49° as a compromise
' boundary, it would have'been well to have done
'so." "Negotiation must end in compromise
'(not in lines of right) or war." "I also saw
' that if we compromised, it must be on the parallel
' of 49°." " I go for compromise."
And the honorable Senator from Missouri him-
self, speaking of the parallel of 49°, declared in
1842, that " without giving us what we were en-
' titled to by the right of discovery, and as the
' successors of Spain, it would still take from Great
' Britain all she wanted." That "as claiming from
' Spain, our title is good againt England, through-
' out the whole coast."
" The British are excluded from the northwest
' const of America for all the purposes of settlement
' and of colonization." " Our title is clear, that of
' the British null. She sets up none; that is, she
'states no derivation of it. There is not a paper
' upon the face of the earth in which a British Mm-
' ister has stated a title or even a claim. They
' have endeavored to obtain the country by the
' arts of diplomacy, but have never stated a title,
' nor ever can state one." " Her title is her will
' and her arms."
And here, but the other day, the Senator said,
" I think the President did right to renew the offer
of compromise his predecessors had made."
" These are great points gained by the renewal
' of the liberal ojjfer of compromise, and I rejoice that
' we have gained them."
Hov; a proposed line of boundary can be a lib-
eral offer of compromise, when at the same time it is
" a hue of right," " marvellously proper," estab-
lished more than a century ago, giving us the full
(►xtent of our true claim, it is not necessary that I
should inquire, and if'it were. I should find myself
at a dead fault. Compromise, ex vi termini, in-
cludes concession, and no nation cedes anything
which obtains all it is entitled to and all it has
demanded. And offers of compromise, when re-
jected, npver furnish ground of claim for an oppo-
nent. They become as though they had not been
made, leaving both parties, as Mr. Gallatin ex-
pressed it, " free to contend for their whole claim."
During the long and animated discussion which
this subject has undergone at the present session
in both Houses of Congress, a desire has been ex-
pressed by many of those who have participated
m it, to see the controversy terminated by (lie es-
tablishment of a line of boundary upon the parallel
of 49°. I do not recollect a single speaker who
has ever intimated the possibility of ail adjustment
less favorable to this country. "Substantially"
was indeed the qualification of one honorable
member of this body. But I lake it for granted,
that when England insists upon concessions south
of that line, and is prepared to obtain them, peace-
ably if she can, forcibly if she must, these demands
are " substantial" advantages, worth their conse-
t|uences to us, if to her. The honoiable Scnatoi
from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] has assumed
this parallel as a proper conventional boundary,
and the Senator from Massachusetts [A'Jr. Web-
ster] remarked emphatically, in answer to some
observations of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Al-
len,] " but the gentleman from Ohio and the Senate
' will do me the justice to allow, that I said as plainly
' as I could speak, or put down words in writing-, that j
' England must not expect anything south of 49°. I \
' said so in so many words."
And what said the Senator from Missouri on !
this point? " Senators may now see why for twenty j
e years I have adhered to this line of XJtrecht. It is
' the line of right, which gives to its the Olympic district j
' and its invalutdtle waters, and secures to us the river ,
' and valley of the Columbia. It is the fighting line 1
' of the United States." ;
This line, the honorable Senator tells us now, !
" is a marvellously proper line, and ikes great honor
' to the discernment, or illustrates the good fortune of i
' the French and British commissioners wider the j
' treaty of Utrecht, by whom it was so long ago estab-
' tished.''
In illustration of this remark, the Senator has
exhibited to us the topography of the country. I
shall not follow him m a review of it, but content
myself with remarking, that it passes my compre-
hension to conceive how a line can be a marvel-
lously proper, or a marvellously lucky one, " won-
derfully adapted to the natural divisions of a
country," which follows none of its geographical
features; neither ridge, nor hill, nor valley, nor
river, nor prairie; but pursues inflexibly one of
the artificial circles of the globe, from the summit
of the mountains to the sea; which cuts at right
angles all its ranges, and m the middle of its coursc,
its great river, with its magnificent basin, described
by the honorable Senator from Missouri as " a
' country which can have but one people, one interest,
' one government, and that people should be American,
'that interest ours, and that government republican.
' Accursed and infamous be the man that di-
' vides or alienates it."
This region, thus recently destined to empire
and indivisibility, is not only about to be divided,
and almost the moiety of it alienated, but that
division is so marvellously improper and unlucky,
that it will cost us one of the proudest attributes
of our independence—the control of one of our
great rivers, within our own territoj^, which we
are to yield, in order that the country alienated
may find ingress and egress to and from the ocean
through that portion which we retain.
But, I repeat, unfortunately for our honor and
our interest, the boundary fixed by this treaty is
not the parallel of 49°. The Senator from Mis-
souri say^it is, bating the " nonsense of every inch
and every acre up to 49°," and the stipulations, as
I shall show, say that it is not. This saving ex-
pression, " the nonsense of every inch and evchj acre,'"
means, I suppose, when translated into plain Eng-
lish, we should have had 49°, had not England de-
manded territonal jurisdiction and free navigation,
and grants of land south of that line, and these we will
yield to her. So well content is the Senator with
the proposed partition, that he says: " It is in the
' very words I myself would have used, if the two Gov-
' ermnents had left it to me to draw the boundary be-
' tween them."
The principle that more or less is " nonsense," in
a question of boundary, where each party goes for
its "right," and not obtaining it, will go for a
"fight," is new to me. If, after this, it becomes
ingrafted into the codes of national intercommu-
nication, some commentator must tell us what
divides the confines of sense and nonsense, and how
much or how little must be claimed or yielded to
obtain a place on the same side of the boundary.
The honorable Senator from Missouri said two
mouths since, "up to that line, if it becomes neces-
' sary, I am willing to fight." " Foily-nine is the
' line of right \oith me, and acting upon the second
' half of the great maxim, submit to nothing wrong,
' I shall submit to no invasion or encroachment
' upon that line."
1 repeat, unfortunately the line of this treaty is
not the parallel of 49°. In three important arrange-
ments, or rather concessions on our part, we have
nullified that line, and granted to the British Gov-
ernment jurisdiction, and territory, and rights,
south of it; and in another, adopting the implica-
tion of the language, and the construction given to
it in this body, we have abandoned the navigation
of an arm of the occan, open to the other nations
of the earth, and belonging to us, as to them, by
virtue of our independence. The line of right and
of fight, and which was to become the line of
might, will, if this convention is ratified, hence-
forth exist only in peremptory claims, and elabo-
rate speeches.
We cede to England the southern cap of Van-
couver's Island, an important position, which has
been heretofore a subject of discussion between the
two governments. Whether it conies within the
saving clause of an " inch or an acre," more or
less, I shall not stop to inquire. Judging from the
imperfect map, I have examined, the extent of
coast, following its indentations, cannot be much
less than one hundred miles. Upon what princi-
ple of right or compromise this cession is to be
made, I have not heard explained. For myself I
know of none but the old rule of might, " stet pro
ratione voluntas." England demands it, and we
yield it, and that tells the whole story.
We grant the free navigation of the Columbia
south of 49° indefinitely, or, in other words, for-
ever. The stipulation reads thus: " From the
1 point at which the 49th parallel shall be found to
1 intersect the great northern branch of the Colum-
' bia river, the navigation of the said branch shall
' be free and open to the Hudson Bay Company,
1 and to all British subjects trading with the same,
' to the point where the said branch meets the
' main stream of the Columbia, and thence down
' the said main stream to the ocean," &c.
Here, sir, is a grant of free navigation, limited,
indeed, in its use, but unlimited in its duration.
It is to endure as long as the Hudson Bay Com-
pany shall endure, and to ascertain the longevity
of the one, we must seek to ascertain the longevity
of the other.
The Hudson Bay Company was incorporated
by Charles the Second, by a charter dated May 2,
1671. The third section of that charter provides,
that "the persons named, &c., shall be one body,
' corporate and politic, &c., in deed and in name,
' &c., really and fully, forever," &c. And the
twelfth section provides, that the corporation shall
" enjoy, &c., all and singular the premises hereby
' granted, with their and every of their rights,
'members, and jurisdictions, prerogatives, royal-
ties, and appurtenances whatsoever, to them,
' &cM and their successors, forever, <fcc , paying
' yearly to us for the same, two elks and two black
'beaver, whensoever, &c., we, our heirs, &c.,
' shall happen to enter into the said country, &c."
Thus we find the corporate life perpetual; and
applying the charter to the treaty, we have the
true measure of the obligation which this stipula-
tion will impose upon us. No one in this body
will deny that the grant is without limitation, and
will exist as long as the grantee exists, unless
there are restraining circumstances, which will re-
duce this broad term forever within narrower limits.
No member does deny it. And he, who seeks
elsewhere than in the treaty, and in the charter,
to change this privilege from a perpetual to a tem-
porary one, is bound to state his case fully and
fairly, to prove it. The burden is upon him.
Well, sir, this effort is made, and it is our duty
to investigate it; to know what we are actually
called upon to cede, and how we can make that
cession less, if it be found injurious in itself or
dishonorable in its character. And this effort is
made by two different hypothesis, Jf I may be
permitted to divert that word from iS true mean-
ing, one of which depends upon an assumption
without proof, and the other upon facts, confused-
ly and contradictorily stated here, because imper-
fectly known, and which, if true in their extent,
would not touch our obligations under this con-
vention.
The Senator from Missouri has cut this new
Gordian knot at a single stroke. "JNow,"he
says, " there happen to be two Hudson Bay Com !
; panics, and those, who do not attend to that little
| fact, may fall into great error." He then proceeds
j to select mero motu one of these companies, as the
J grantee of this privilege, and limits this existence
to twenty-one years, and thus relieves us from the
embarrassment, which is obviously felt within
these walls, and which will become a grave source
of dissatisfaction out of them.
Now, sir, if the honorable Senator be correct,
what sort of a spectacle are these two governments
exhibiting to the world ? England sends us aprojel,
granting on our part one of the most important
privileges, which one independent nation can yield
to another, and there arc two corporate bodies of
the same name, which can rcceive it—one tempora-
ry in its duration, and the other perpetual; and the
grant is temporary or perpetual, as it enures to the
one or to the other. And yet this convention, pur-
porting to terminate present difficulties, and to pre-
vent future ones, does not designate which of these
two corporations is the recipient of this great con-
cession; which is the true Dromio; and we, with
a full knowledge of all this, instead of applying
the proper remedy, and identifying, by a resolu-
tion, the company, which is to profit by our con-
cession, are gravely employing ourselves in de-
termining, if the phrase stands as it is, to whom
we are granting it. Ten words written in the con-
vention, while it is now in our power, would settle
this question, and leave us at the end of thirteen
years in full possession of our sovereignty. But
these words we have refused to insert, and the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] found but
ten votes in favor of his proposition, " that the
' right of navigating the Columbia river, secured
' to the Hudson Bay Company and to all British
' subjects trading with the same, be limited to the
' year A. D. 1863, when it shall cease and deter-
' mine;" although we have a full knowledge of the
expectations of the British Government, and of
