30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Oregon Treaty—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
to a foreign government the right to interfere in
concerns, which are local in their nature, and
ought to depend on local law.
"Ifthe free navigation of the Columbia river
4 were granted to Great Britain, this would be a
4 source of perpetual strife and collision between
* the citizens and subjects of the two nations in
«these remote regions. It would be almost impos-
4 sible by any vigilance, which eould be exerted,
4 to execute the laws of the respective countries,
4 and prevent smuggling on either side of the
river. 7 ,
44 Besides, there are several portages arounu the
4 falls and rapids of this river and its branches, the
1 use of which is necessary to the enjoyment of its
4 free navigation.
" This would introduce the subjects of Grreat
4 Britain with their merchandise into the heart of
4 the country, and thus greatly increase the evil
' beyond what it would be, if they were confined
4 to the channel of the river.5' *
The British Government felt the force of these
views when its own interests wore in question. It
was only when ours were involved, that the aspect
of 4>hc subject was changed. At the very time,
while demanding the free navigation of the Colum-
bia river, we are told by Mr. McLane that 44 Lord
4 Aberdeen had "very positively and explicitly de-
1 clincd to treat of the navigation of the St. Law-
4 rence in connexion with that of the Columbia;
{ arid that if it were desirable for us to offer one for
' the other, he would on no account enter into a
4 negotiation m regard to the St. Lawrence."
Besides the usual objection to grants of free
navigation, there are peculiar circumstances which
increase the dangers of this privilege. It is not
alone the right offrec navigation which is granted
by this treaty, but it giants the right also to use
the poitages, wherever the communication is m-
teriuptcd by falls or rapids. 44 It being understood
4 that all the usual portages along the line thus
* described, (that is, the line of the river,) shall be
4 free and open."
Now, sir, no one knows the number and extent
of roads thus laid open to foreigners within our
territory. 1 have travelled along portage paths m
the northwest some miles in length, and which,
from the physical conformation of the country,
left at considoiable distance, the streams, whose
inteuupted navigation rendered necessary tins
tedious mode of tmnsportation. When a boat
roaches one of these impediments, it is taken from
the vviiter, and, together with its lading, is earned
upon 1 he shoulders of the crew to a navigable point
in the river, and there again committed to the
stream. The goods are formed into packages,
ud pied to this labor, and may thus be concealed
or disposed of, with little risk of detection, and m
contempt of revenue laws and revenue oiliccis.^
The Senator from Missouri sees, in the kind of
vessels to be used in this navigation, a further re-
st! iction of it. For myself, 1 see the greater dan-
ger. Those portages running into the country,
and travelled by bands of foteign traders, carrying
on their burk^ the goods destined for an extensive
trade, will furnish stations for smuggling which
no vigilance can prevent or detect.
This treaty contains stipulations winch grant an
unknown portion oi* the country, as far down as
42°, to British subjects, seven degrees south of our
line of right. The third and fouith articles are
devoted to this object.
The practical difficulty we now experience is
this-: that weknow nothing of the number, extent,
position, or value of these claims. Should we
ratify tins treaty to-day, and be asked on leaving
the Capitol, how much of our own territory we
had ceded, there is not one of us could answer,
wheiher five or five million of acres. Sensible of
this absence of all knowledge, we have, indeed,
passed a resolution and directed its immediate
transmission to the President, asking such infor-
mation as may be in lus possession, and as will
enable us to discharge our duties with at any rate
* t have here s>«U&Ututed for my own remark? the woida
of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. McLane, in a leltoi ol July 1:2,
1s45, which was; conmiunicaied to the Senate miico this di>-
cUf-sioti look place. The readoi will gam by this dnaehton-
j-«m, and will, therefore, paidon it. Mr. Buchanan, with
In?? usual felicity ot thought and diction, has ilhistiated this
fcubject lar better than I did or could do.
a conjectural estimate of what we give, and what
we retain. But we find fifteen Senators voting
against this call, and there are indications that we
shall proceed to the final consummation of our
labor, without awaiting the answer.* The roost
we know, and it is not much, comes from Lord
Aberdeen. Were the source impartial, still the
information is too vague for discreet action. But,
coming as it does, from the organ of the British
Government, we may well receive it with caution,
upon general principles, and without any offensive
imputation. Lord Aberdeen told Mr. McLane
that44 the British settlements between the Colum-
4 bia river and the 49th parallel, are not believed
4 to be numerous, consisting, as he supposes, of a
4 few families, and two or three forts and stations."
South of the Columbia, we have no information,
positive or conjectural, though it is understood
that the late or the present Governor of the Hudson
Bay Company holds in his own right one of the
best positions in the country. I presume this
lucky example has found or made many fol-
lowers.
Nor does the treaty define the uses to which
these British forts upon our soil may be put, any
more tha# their number. I suppose they are hard-
ly designed to protect the American flag.
The Senator from Indiana, with one of those
flashes of true eloquence which illuminate, while
they convince, has happily described the position
in which this treaty will leave us. Instead of
being joint occupants of the whole country, as we
now are, we shall cede the noitliern portion of it,
and become joint occupants of the southern por-
tion.f
The farms, &c., of the " Puget Land Agricultural
Association are to be confiimed." The tenure,
therefore, of this property is unquestionable.
44 The possessory rights" of the Hudson Bay
Company, and of all other British subjects occu-
pying land, whether north or south of the Colum-
bia river, are to be 44 respected." In the former
class of cases, that of the Fuget's Land Agricul-
tural Association, the British Government, i pre-
sume, had given initiatory titles, which we tire to
confiim; while in the latter, the rights are derived
from occupation, and thence the diflerence in the
phraseology.
What will be the effect of this stipulation to
"respect" these " possessory rights ?" This in-
' cjuiry has been made, and the true answer is lm-
; portant. We know the object of the British Gov-
i eminent, and the construction they will put upon
! this obligation. Our Minister has told us so much.
1 44 A perpetual title" to all British occupants. Mi.
I McLane supposed that this claim would be limited
| to the country between the Columbia river and the
' 49th parallel; but if such was atfiist the intention,
I it has been abandoned, and the provision now
j covers the whole " territory."
I u Possessory rights shall be respected." This
' is a treaty between two great nations. We are
| told by an honorable Senator, that the language of
| the article is 44 technical and precise,"and that its
i object xvould seem to be for the quiet of the company
! and other British subjects> tiU they can remove. This
presumed motive of the British Government is
| contradicted by the report of our Minister; and
the characteristic of technical precision is hardly
supported by the words 44 farms, lands, and other
proper*/," descriptive of one class of cases, and
the 1 respect of possessory rights" applied to
ai .ther. 44 Possessory rights shall be respected."
.Not for to day, not for to-morrow, nor till the
oivaers can remove; but indefinitely; and we, who
are imposing the obligation upon ourselves, must
expert to have it construed most strongly against
usf If, at any time, these 44 possessory rights"
x The treaty was ratified the same dav, without any an-
swer to the call, which, indeed, could not have been given.
fAn article, winch is now passing through the western
papeis, shows what may be consequences ot these improvi-
dent grant?, made m utter ignorance of the extent of the
obligations they impose upon us.
«Mv. Genois, with ten others, lecently arrived at St.
Lo.ns from Oregon," ice. The Reveille remark*, that " on
' peiUains; the treaty, All. 0. retorted to the clause seeming
(to the Hudson Bay Companies the sites they have selected
cas a mot I injurious agreement for the mte, e.*>l oj the people oj
i Oregon; bucaur-e tliN company i> m pos^e^Mon ol the be.->t
{ sites j-outh of 49 degrees, and by ineit immense capital and
£ power, break down all American tradeis who attnnpt to
1 compete with them."
are terminated by grants to others, they wiil be
no longer 44respected," and we fix the duration of
an obligation, left without limitation in the treaty.
44 The first woids of the article," (future appro-
priation,) says the Senator from Missouri,44 admit
our right to dispose of these possessions," &c.
►The treaty says: 44 In the future appropriation of
4 the territory, &c., the possessory rights, &c.,
4 shall be respected." Ceitainly, they admit it;
but unfortunately for the exposition, which the
Senator would give of them, it is preciselyin the
act of appropriation that these rights are to be
44 respected.'' The British Government undoubt-
edly knew that before the land was sold, agreeably
to our policy, actual settlers would be undisturbed.
So far, therefore, is this stipulation from seeking
toxprovide a short time for the occupants to remove
on the change of government, that it may not
come into operation for some years, and cannot
for a considerable time. And when we 44 appro-
priate" the land, how are we to redeem this obliga-
tion to 44 respect" the possessory rights of the
occupants, but by converting these rights into
actual titles? We cannot convey their lands to
anybody else, and if we hold them, we must hold
them indefinitely, leaving the occupants m posses-
sion,and with their rights 44 respected,"—a system
of policy at war with our practice and our institu-
tions. As to the limitation of44 seventeen years,"
it is imposed by the Senator from Missouri, and
not by the treaty. I find no 44 new licensed com-
pany" there, nor any 44 old" one. The assurance
is given, in the one case, to the 44 Hudson Bay
Company," and in the other, to 44 all British sub-
jects," interested, and equally in both cases, with-
out restriction, as to duration and extent.
But there is still another stipulation liable to
serious objections. It is the proviso to the first
article. That article, after establishing a boundary
upon the parallel of 49° from the mountains to the
sea, in the Straits of Fuca, adds, "provided, how-
4 ever, that the navigation of the whole of the said
4 channel and straits, south of the £9th parallel of
4 north latitude, remain free and open to both pai-
4 ties."
Vancouver's Island is separated from the conti-
nent by an arm of the sea about two hundred and
fifty miles in extent, different portions of which are
known by different names. One part is called the
Straits of Fuca, another the Canal of Arro, another
the Gulf of Georgia, and a fourth Ctueen Char-
lotte's Sound. This channel of communication
sometimes spreads into broad bays, and then con-
tracts into narrow straits. But broader or narrow-
er, it runs from sea to sea, and cannot be taken
from the great mass of general property, and ap-
propriated to a particular power. Nor should one
nation be deprived of its use but by its own con-
sent. Without this provision England and the
United States especially, owning the coast of this
channel through its whole extent, and other na-
tions, upon general principles, would be entitled to
its free navigation. Why, then, this asseitionof
a mutual right south of 49°, unless, by a kind of
exclusion of a conclusion, Great Britain is hereafter
to claim that north of 49°, where there is no stipu-
lation, this communication is closed to us. Such
is the construction given to the claim by the Sena-
tor from Missouri; and though I do not concur
■ with him, yet I think it our duty to guard against
an interpretation which, by asserting our right to
1 a part, is construed to cede our right to the re-
: mamder, and that without the slightest considera-
tion. The Senator says 44 the proviso is fair and
' 4 equal." 44 West, the straits open from the sea and
[ 4 penetrate the continent about one hundred miles, and
• * then branch north and south." 44 These waters
1 4 being all narrow and inland, become our private
S4 waters, and are subject to our municipal juiisdic-
} 4 tion. So of the straits which go north. At first
I 4 they open out largely behind "Vancouver's Island
[ 4 and make the Gulf of Georgia, then they eon-
4 tract," &c.
4'These narrow waters, like those of Puget's
4 Sound, &c., are private property, subject to the
4 municipal jurisdiction of the British, to whom
4 they belong. I hold the proviso to be conform-
4 able to the laws of nations, and fair and equal m
4 itself, and fully approve of it."
For myself, sir, I hold the proviso to be non-con-
formable to Ihtlaws of nations, unfair and unequal in
