32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[.Tuly 31,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Texan Navy—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
the honor of the Executive or the vigilance and
fidelity of the Senate, then would he distrust the
heart that beat in his own boson), and believe that
nature had imbued all men with the principle of
perfidy.
It was a (ruth which all must be prepared to
admit, that men might be biased by the influence
of friends and relations. The ties of kindred and
of friendship were apt to warfCthe judgment and
render men averse to what they supposed would
be injurious to the interests of those whom they
loved; but happily the annexation of the Texan
navy did not clash with the interests or the honor
of American naval officers. If, indeed, the officers
of the Texan navy were to be introduced into that
of the United States without any additional places
to till, and they were placed where officers of the
American navy ought to be, the charge of over-
slaughing would be just, and the annexation would
infer a violation of the claims of all the officers in
the navy and an interference with their prospects
of promotion; but if the addition of the Texan navy
created as many new places as it brought in new
officers, injury would be done to none. Supposing
■we had ninety-seven post captains now in the
navy, an additional post captain from the Texan
navy would not diminish their claims; on the con-
trary, it would multiply to all below that rank the
expectation of vacancies by death, and leave them
on a perfect equality as to promotion.
But it was objected, that under a bill like this,
Texan officers might be introduced against whom
very strong prejudices were in some quarters enter-
tained. Having had official duties to perform in
connexion with the navy of Texas, Mr. H. would
forbear all comments upon this branch of the sub-
ject. He did not think that the carrying out of
this bill depended on the merits or demerits of
individuals. It contained correctives and guards
which must operate to prevent the introduction of
unworthy characters, if any such existed. To
determine the fate of a bill which secured to a
nation its, rights, by a reference to the particular
individuals who would immediately be benefited
by it, was a false principle, and an unjust and
iniquitous test of its merits as a public measure.
The propriety of passing the bill, the equity and
the justice of the measure it enacted, ought to be
determined, not by the character of particular men,
but by the public relations existing between Texas
and the United States, ui between Texas as a State
and her other sister States. She had been incor-
porated with the clear undemanding that certain
things should be guarantied to her as rights, not
connected with or dependant upon the chaiacter of
individuals, but growing out of her sovereignty
and the compact made with her.
Mr. Jones, the President of Texas, in his mes-
sage to Congiess, under date of 16th June, 1845,
remarked as-follows:
" The Executive has much satisfaction in obsprviner, what
no doubt will lorcibty arier-t tin: attention of the Congte.-s,
that although the terms emhiaeeil in the lesoluuons ol tilt'
I'nit'. ii States Conjmss may at fust have appealed le.-s lavor-
::bie than wa* deMiahle lor Texas, the very liberal and mag-
nanimous views entertained l:y the Piesulent of the United
States towards Texas, and the ^.tonuses made through the rep-
resentative of that eountry, in regard to future advantages to
he extended to her if she consents to the jtro posed union, i uidei
those terms much myre acceptable than they would otherwise
have been."
From the tenor of this reply by the President of
the republic, it must be obvious to every one, that
had the ground then been taken by the American
charge which some gentlemen now assume, and
Imd the Texan navy been denounced m the propo-
sals for annexation as it was now denounced in
debate, Texas never would have been annexed to
fins Union. The simple question he would press
upon the Senate was this: Have the pledges given
to Texas been fulfilled ? If they have not, and
their fulfilment yet remained within the power of
this Government, ought they not now to be com-
plied with? We had still an opportunity to do
justice, and if justice was denied, we should inflict
'an irreparable wrong. Had Mr. Donelson said to
President Jones, " My dear sir, you have entirely
misunderstood me; when you come into the Uni-
ted States you will, of course, be in the minority,
and you must run your chances on an application
to have your navy admitted," it would have been
a different case; but the American charge used no
such language, intimated nothing of the kind, but
renewed and reiterated his assurances of the attach-
ment and good faith of the United States towards
Texas. Hear what he said:
"Both in the United States and here, all parties seem to
have come to tlie conclusion, that on the basis, of the first
and second sections, the proposed union ought to take place,
and that it is better to leave the correction of such defects
as they may contain to future legislative agreements, atter
Texas shal) have become a State, than to attempt it now."
Again:
" If that basis he accepted by Texas, it secures her admis-
sion into the Union with the least possible delay and ex-
pense ; and it leaves the objections to be obviated hereafter,
when they can be examined without prejudice, with all the
infoimation and light which can be collected trom the rec-
oi ds and experience of both countries. After the admission
of Texas as a State, the party excitement engendered by the
discussion of the measure will have passed away; she will
have Representatives m both Houses of Congress, to explain
her wants; and it mny be expected that with the accession of
so large a territory to the limits of the Union, will come those
good and liberal feelings which have never yet failed to bring
to a national measure, ovce consummated, th e support and pro-
tection oj all parties; nor ever permitted injustice or injury,
sectional or individual, to remain a llot upon the escutcheon of
the Union. In proportion, then, as Texas has suffered from
the delay of the measure which is to restore her to the bosom
of her natural friends, in proportion as her struggle to achieve
and maintain her independence has exposed her to merciless
assaults from Mexicans and savages, may she expect to have
the noble band that fought herbattles honored and
rewarded, and all the fruits of her success, in war and in
peace, blessed by the sympathy and compensated by the
love and admiration of a happy and united people."
And again:
a And it was also believed that u like spirit would induce
Texas to overlook minor considerations, relying on that
high sense of honor and magnanimity which governs both
| the people and the representatives of the United States to
- secure to her hereafter all that she can reasonably desire, to
place her on an equal footing with the other members of the
Union."
Such was the language employed by the accred-
ited agent of the United States to induce Texas to
accept the offer of annexation. She had accepted
that offer; and it would not now do to say that, in
giving these assurances, the American Minister
transcended his powers, and had no right to hold
out any such allurements. Mr. Donelson was
duly authorized to act. The United States had
I assumed the responsibility and had endorsed the
I offers which he made in their name. Texas now
! came and respectfully asked for the fulfilment of
! the pledge. She desired no disfranchisement of a
' single officer of the American navy. They were
gallant men. Their bravery and skill had com-
manded the admiration of the world. Mr. H.
would be the last man to pluck one leaf from the
laurels that surrounded their brows, or to utter a
word to detract fiom the biightncss of their honor
or the fulness of their fame. But Texas too had
officers, and brave ones, and he might justly ex-
pect his arm to be palsied should he refuse to raise
if in demanding for them and for their country
justice—sheer simple justice. She came before the
Senate neither in the garb of a suppliant, to ask
favors from this Government, nor in the spirit of
a relentless creditor, to exact her pound of flesh;
but, with the respect due to this Government,
modestly but firmly to demand the fulfilment of
contracts which were tendered to her by a stronger
party. Let gentlemen remember that those who
made this demand were no aliens and strangers,
but Texan citizens, native-born Americans, de-
scendants from the same stock as the Senators m
this chamber or the Representatives in the hall at
the other end of the Capitol. They were of the
posterity of the Revolutionary fathers, having still
their blood and lineage, and having inherited their
|[ inborn love of freedom.
j! It had been asserted by some gentlemen that the
!l expressions used in framing the joint resolution of
11 annexation did not embrace the officers of the
Texan navy. Gentlemen far more learned than
himself had exposed the fallacy of this statement.
He should not undertake to discuss the question
as a jurist, but should speak of it according to the
j principles of common sense. Looking at the lan-
i guage of that lesolution, he would venture to say
that the officers of the Texan navy were in the fair
contemplation of its terms when the joint resolu-
tion passed both Houses; if not, it was fair to infer
that such an interpretation would have been guard-
ed against, and that these officers would have been
excluded by a proviso. Were not the officers and
men, as well as the ships and guns, a part of the
" means" pertaining to the public defence? Why
should they not be considered as a constituent
part of the navy of Texas ? The terms employed
by the resolution were:
" Said State, when admitted into the Union, after ceding
to the United States all public edifices, fortifications, bar-
racks, ports, and harbors, navy and navy -yards, docks, mag-
azines, arms, armaments, and all other property, andmeans
pertaining to the public defence, belonging to the said repub-
lic of Texas, shall retain' all the public funds, debts," &c.
Some gentlemen, indeed the most of those who
had spoken, had confined themselves to. so much
of the resolution as ended with the word " arms;5'
there they had stopped, and had said not a word
about " means." Mr. H. said he should be glad
to know—and, if he was wrong, there were gen-
tlemen present abundantly capable of instructing
him—of what use all the rest of the property stip-
ulated for in this clause would be if there were no
men to take care of it or convert it to public utility?
Without this addition, the rest would be without
value. The phrase "property and means" most
clearly included men, for without men all the mili-
tary property of the State must lie useless and
could not be wielded. At all events, the contract
was so understood by Texas. When her admis-
sion was intended to be effected by treaty, at the
time the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] was Secretary of State, she had stipu-
lated for i'he admission of her officers, and the two
Governments came to a mutual understanding on
that subject. When that treaty failed, and a joint
resolution was substituted in its place, we must
understand that resolution as embracing the same
thing. Could these just expectations be met, and
no provision made for the officers of her navy ? If
such should be the decision of this Government,
Texas must submit to it, for she had no power to
enforce the pledges given. All the power was in
the hands of this Government, and, in uniting with
a weaker government, she could have, if she chose
to take it, the lion's share. In that case right
must submit to power, and Texas must consent to
see her national honor trampled on.
That Texas did not come in as a dependent or
disorganized territory, but an organized State, pre-
pared to become a member of the Confederacy,
was manifest from the language employed by tne
Minister of the United States in all his correspond-
ence with that Government. And it would seem
also that notwithstanding the much carped on con-
nexion between Texas and foreign Governments,
the Minister had strong faith in the success of his
mission. He treated Texas as independent, and
she was ?o, first by her compact with Mexico un-
der the constitution of 1824, and then by her resist-
ance to oppression, and by having successfully
achieved a separation from Mexican domination.
She was independent by the recognition of the
United States, by that of the European Pow-
ers of England, France, and Holland; and, final-
ly, by the recognition of Mexico herself. When
she bowed her head to the solicitations of this
Government,5, she bowed it as a sovereign un-
constrained, and it would be eompromittal of her
rights and her national honor if the entire ob-
ligation assumed towards her by this Govern-
ment was not fulfilled. Texas had complied with
the agreement on her part; would the United
States fail on theirs? Had Texas entered into an
open stipulation to confer certain benefits on this
Government in exchange for those she received at
its hands, and, after receiving them, had refused to
comply"with her engagement, would not the Fed- •
era! arms have been employed to enforce her stip-
ulations and compel her to comply with them?
Would not the fleets of the United States have
blockaded her ports and attempted to coerce her
into submission? Texas was not in circumstances
thus to enforce compliance by the United States,
and therefore this Government was the more sa-
credly bound—being bound by honor alone. And
would she suffer her national character to be blast-
ed by refusing to redeem her promises? After
all that could be said, that was the question now
before the Senate.
In a personal interview between the President of
Texas and the Minister of the United States, the
former said that the assurances of the latter were
too vague and indefinite. In consequence of that,
complaint, Mr. Donelson, in his letter to the Sec-
retary of State of Texas, of the 11th June, by direc-
tion of the Executive of the United States, tendered
assurances still more full and explicit, if possible,
than those already recited; and which were subse-
quently endorsed by the action of both Houses of
Congress, by the admission of Texas.
