1846.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Lands—Mr. Mc demand.
New Series No. 3.
Thus the Senate will perceive, that time after
tirrie the honor of this Government was engaged
for every pledge given by its Minister, whether
express or implied. Texas received and relied on
these assurances, not doubting that they would be
honorably redeemed; and, from the whole tenor of
the correspondence, it was most evident that the
President of the United States understood that
whatever remained incomplete in the negotiation,
would be made up by the action of Congress; and
that such was also the understanding of the Presi-
dent of Texas must be equally evident. Who
could believe that the Minister had inserted in the
official correspondence anything about excluding
the officers of the Texan navy? Would the Uni-
ted States s&y to a weak and confiding neighbor,
We will receive all you have, but will then dis-
honor your officers, by excluding them from our
navy? Texas was at that time passing through
the crucible of affliction; she was pressed between
Mexico on the one side, and Great Britain and the
United States on the other; she had thrown herself
into the arms of the United States; and if she was
to have no hope here, she had no hope anywhere.
What was the value of words, what was the worth
of that far-famed faith of this Government, which
was known and admitted throughout the world, if
she was gomg to say to a portion of her own citi-
zens, when pleadingthat faith, <c You are too weak
to be regarded?" Would a cour.se like this add
much to the glory of that banner which had waved
victoriously in so many battles for freedom, and
which had been consecrated by the devotion of the
wise and the good ? Would it greatly elevate the
character and standing of the American people,
that the United States should make Texas feel the
rod of a stepmother, or did not the true honor, the
real glory of this Government consist in its justice
and its generosity?
Mr. H. was actuated in this matter by no sel-
fish considerations. He had no consanguinity
with the officers of her navy or army, or (and he
thanked God for it) with any person in office on
earth. He viewed it as a great blessing, and he
would say that, if the officers in question had not
enjoyed all the opportunities which fell to the lot
-of our own for finishing their nautical education
and improving theory by practice and experience;
if they did not possess all the adornments and em-
bellishments which put the last finish on a military
man, it was a happy circumstance for them that
these were not always necessary to success. Some
■of the most gallant commanders of the American
navy, who had distinguished themselves and
added lustre to the character of the country during
the last war, had been taken from our commercial
marine, and had of course been without any pre-
vious training in maritime war, and yet they sus-
tained the honor of the American flag as proudly
and as gallantly on the briny surge as could have
been done after the most assiduous preparation.
He trusted American officers ever would do so;
.and he was prepared to pledge himself that those
of Texas never would disgrace that beloved star-
spangled banner which threw its folds to the wind
in every sea. If any of them, owing to sickness
or other Providential intervention, had been pre-
vented from that personal experience which they
might have obtained in active service ; and if
others, following the bent of an ardent tempera-
ment, and weary of the inactivity of peace, had
voluntarily engaged in the service of a foreign
friendly Power, was it to be made an objection
against their being admitted to a place and a com-
mand in the American navy? As well might ob-
jection be made to those who had-resisted the
.invasion of the Texan'soil, and achieved and
maintained the independence of the Texan repub-
lic, that they were not graduated at West Point.
As well might Texan citizens be excluded from
- seats in the two Houses of Congress because they
had not received a collegiate education, nor enjoyed
thesame facilities with others of consulting; libraries
and becoming familiar with the classics. If a doc-
trine like this was to be established, Texas might
not be fully represented in either House of Con-
gress.
But it was not by-such a test that the merits of
this bill were to be tried.
Allusion had been made by some gentlemen to
the. terms of annexation. Mr. H. had no hand in
prescribing them. They ought to have been so
explicit that there could not by possibility be any
misunderstanding in regard to them. He expected
that, when they entered the Confederacy,all would
be harmony. Texas had brought with her all the
rights of sovereignty, but she had merged them in
the sovereignty of the United States. She was
content to abide by this arrangement. All she
asked was a performance of those stipulations and
pledges which had brought her into her present
condition. She had been guilty of no delinquency
in the dischaige of her duty; she had furnished her
full quota of the military forces called into the
field; she had brought her vessels and armament
with her, and given them to the United States.
She asked that her officers might command them.
Those vessels had been spoken of very lightly by
some gentlemen in the course of this debate; but
Texas had brought all she had, and they were the
best she could get. If they were not of a higher
rate, or greater weight of guns, ought that to pre-
vent her from having her just quota of officers and
men to navigate them ? That was all she asked.
All that he required was, that Texas should be
allowed to contribute a small portion to the naval
glory of the republic. Some of her officers had
devoted themselves for years to naval pursuits
alone, and had thereby been cut off from all other
avocations. Nor could they, in point of morals,
demeanor, or honorable conduct, disgrace Ameri-
can officers as associates. They were themselves
Americans; their origin was the same; their polit-
ical and moral training the same; nor would they
disappoint the just expectations of those with
whom they were to be connected.
In conclusion, Mr. H. observed that if, after re-
viewing the whole case, Senators considered the
claim of Texas as not being in its nature just, he'-
expected them, of course, to vote against the hill.
But if the claim was just in itself, he conjured them,
as being themselves just men, and as representing
the members of the Confederacy, to sympathize
with those citizens not only immediately around
! them, but those whose lot was cast on the most
distant borders of the republic. He entreated them
to leave out of view all personal considerations,
arising from individual friendships or partialities;
to be governed by no promptings but those of
eternal justice, and to remember that the eyes of
a free people were fixed upon them, as placed by
their high duty on the watchtower of their coun-
try to guard individual as well as national rights;
sentinels on whose vigilance depended everything
valuable to freemen.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH OF MR. J. A. McCLERtfAND,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
July 10, J846.
On the Bill from the Senate to reducc and graduate
the price of the Public Lands.
Mr. McCLERNAND said:
Mr. Chairman: In rising to express the views
which have governed me in the somewhat promi-
nent part I have felt it to be my duty to take in
the pending question of the public lands, I will be
allowed, I trust, in the outset, to beseech the in-
dulgent attention of the committee. I might well
suppose that the question itself will bespeak for it
that serious consideration which its very great im-
portance demands, even if the humble character of
the speaker should fail to do so. Perhaps no ques-
tion of public policy could possibly arise in the
administration of the Government more deeply and
vitally interesting to free institutions and to the in-
dependence and happiness of the citizen, than the
one now under consideration. Convinced of this
| truth myself, it will be my endeavor, in the remarks
I propose to make, to impress it with all its im-
portance upon the minds of others, and ,also to
show, if I can, what seems to Qie clear, the neces-
, sity of replacing the present defective land system
! by another, constructed under more favorable aus-
pices, and better adapted to the present condition
of things.
Preparatory to entering into the merits of the
question, the committee will bear with me, I hope,
whilst I briefly review some of the facts connected
with its progress. It becomes necessary that I
should do this, not only that my own conduct, in
certain respects, maybe properly understood, but,
also, that the course of remark I propose to pur-
sue may not he misunderstood, it will be recol-
lected that this debate was conducted, until yester-
day, upon the House bill which I had previously
reported from the " Committee on Public Lands,'
at which time that bill was laid aside, and the bill
from the Senate, now under consideration,was taken
up. I owe it to myself to state, that I was induced
to take this step at the instance of a number of
those who were friendly to the " graduation poli-
cy," and who believed that the interest of that
policy could be better promoted by this £t>urse.
Among other tilings, they represented that valuable .
time might be saved by acting at once on the bill
which had already passed the Senate; and, what
was still more important, that it wa3 the stronger of
the two propositions. To this pursuasion I yielded,
hoping for the best. To those, however, who may
be disposed to doubt the wisdom of my course, I
have only to add, that no harm can result, either to
the friends of the general measure, or to the meas-
ure itself, from what has been done. The motion
of my honorable friend from Virginia, [Mr. Drom-
goole,] to substitute what is, in effect, the House
bill for that from the Senate, still leaves the ques-
tion open for a choice between the two measures.
If the House bill is deemed preferable, that can be
taken, and so of the Senate bill.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, that the substitute
offered by my friend from Virginia is, in effect,
the bill which I had the honor to report from the
" Committee on Public Lands." Trie only differ-
ence between the two propositions is, that the bill
cedes the residuary lanas which have been or may
he in market thirty or more years, outright to the
States in which they lie; whilst the substitute, at the
expiration of the same period, transfers them to the
same States, upon the payment of little more than a
nominal equivalent. The question depending is
upon the substitute, which 1 shall hereafter call the
: House bill.
! The Senate and House bills also agree in their
' principles, differing only in details of lime. The
! Senate bill graduates the prices of the public lands
j at periods of three years, from $1 25 to 25 cents
per acre, and at the expiration of twelve years,
cedes the residue unsold to the States in which
they lie. The House bill graduates the prices at
periods of five years, commencing the process of
graduation after any given quantity of land has
remained in market ten years, and terminating it
with the minimum of twenty-five cents at the end
of thirty years, when the residuary lands may be
transferred to the States in which they are situated.
My remarks will be directed to the support of the
House bill more particularly, as the question strict-
ly in order, because it involves, in fact, the whole
subject matter in controversy, as well the Senate as
the House bill and because my connexion with
that bill, in parliamentary usage, would seem to
require of me that I should defend it against the
vigorous and persevering attacks which have been
made upon it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] resists
the measure mainly upon the idea, that its effect
will be to retard the settlement of the public lands,
and to diminish the revenue to be derived from
them—objects which, he says, constituted the mov-
ing inducement to several of the old States to cede
a large portion of the lands now held by the Gov-
ernment, and to frustrate which, he avers, would
be a violation of public faith. Now, sir, as to the
influence of the measure upon the appropriation of
the public lands for the purposes of settlement and
cultivation, it must, upon every principle of proba-
bility, be the very opposite of what has been as-
cribed to it. To suppose the reverse, would be to
assert the inconsistency that high prices promote
the sale of lands, and that low ones retard their sale—
a paradox which can only obtain creditamong that
class of politicians to which the gentleman belongs,
who blindly adhere to the Utopian notion,that" the
higher the duty the lower the price;'' or, in other
words, by way of familiar exemplification, the
more toll taken the greater the yield of the grist. I
may affirm, what is truly the fact, that the bill was
carefully framed with a view, among other things,
to hasten, as a leading object, the period when the
now waste and extensive domains shall be eon-
