38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 10,
29th Cons 2d Sess.
The Public Lands—Mr. Mc Clernand.
Ho. or Reps.
which rests in the States in which they are situ-
ated the residuary lands unsold at the end of
thirty years, upon the payment of some equiva-
lent. Under this enactment, the aggregate quantity
of two million six hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand seven hundred and thirty-two acres of land
would be liable to vest at once in the new States;
namely, in Ohio, four hundred and twenty thou-
sand one hundred and seventy-eight acres; in In-
diana, six hundred and ninety-nine thousand five
hundred and fifty-nine acres; in Mississippi, one
million two hundred and twenty-two thousand
seven hundred and six acres; in Alabama, two
hundred and twelve thousand four hundred and
fifty-two acres; and in Illinois, seventy thousand
eight hundred and thirty-six acres. In the re-
maining new States none would be liable to vest
immediately, as none ^f their lands have been in
market as many as thirty years. In future, how-
ever, they might expect to be equally benefited
by the operation of the measure.
This provision has been resisted upon theground
that it will enable the States to become competitors
of the Government in the sale of lands, upon terms
prejudicial to the public revenue. But this result
is liotlikely to follow. It is no more likely to fol-
low under the new than under the old system.
Under the first, the States might obtain a larger
quantity of land, but it would be of inferior qual-
ity, and therefore not such as could be put in suc-
cessful competition with those of the Government;
under the latter, grants of land would continue, no
doubt, to be made, and, although the quantity to
be received by the States might be smaller, yet
from its superior quality it could be more success-
fully made the subject of competition in market.
Again: if after thirty years the quantity of land
liable to vest in five of the most favored States of
the Union, under the operation of a high mini-
mum, is only about two millions and a half of
acres, is it not probable that the quantity for the
future, under the operation of graduated prices,
will be relatively much less in proportion to the
whole number of new States ? The bill, however,
has anticipated this objection, by an express pro-
vision, which will reduce and limit for the future
thfe quantity of land which may be brought into
market from year to year. For the ten years prior
to 1844, the average annual quantity brought into
market was nine millions two hundred and forty
thousand one hundred and forty-five acres; here-
after it cannot exceed live millions. This rate of
addition will scarcely more than supply the cur-
rent annual demand for lands of the first class, es-
timated for .the future at the General Land Office
at about three millions of acres; the residue unsold
would of course be, in the main, inferior lands, fit
for such a reduction of prices as, at which, those
at all saleable, would find a market.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to present a view
which T think must strike the attention of all—one
which I have prepared witli great pains', and which,
in the form it will be presented, is, perhaps, entire-
ly new; 1 refer to the gross inequalities and in-
justice of the terms of the compacts for the admis-
sion of the new States into the Union. These
compacts on the one side reserve to the General
Government the primary disposal of the soil, the
exemption of the public lands from taxation before
sale, and, in several instances, for five yeais there-
after; on the other, they pledge to the new States
a limited quantity of land, and a small per cent, of
the proceeds of the sales of the lands within their
limits. The operation of these equivalents will be
truly illustrated by the following statement, care-
fully compiled upon reliable data, at my instance,
at the General Land Office.
Humility nt land sold to 1st January, 1846, was 93,872,856
uerci.
Vaiue of lav upon same, at one half
of one pet cent, for tile teim of
fifteen 3 ears, assuming (fiat to be
tile aveiasc tune these lands were
in market prior to fale   ,$10,060,690
Value of tax upon the smiie lands tor
five years elite! sale, Recording to
the compacts with several of the
Shoes  3,r,-20,230
Total amount of money lost to the 
States, iiad saved to the Govern-
ment  S14,080.S20
Amount ol the five and three per
cent. funds paid 01 piyahle to the
States, to the 1st January, 18-16,
(part estimated)  $3,657,379
Quantity of land ceded to the States
7,009,980
for school purposes, being each
16th section, or one ninety-fifth
part of the amount sold, two mil-
lions six hundred and eighty-two
thousand and eighty-one acres, at
$1 25 per acre  3,352,6001
Total amount received by the States —
Balance of money fost to the States, and saved
to the Government  ^7,070,940
To £7,070,940, the balance ascertained to be in
favor of the Government under these compacts,
ought to be added, in whole or in part, the propor-
tionate tax upon six millions two hundred and
eighteen thousand nine hundred and forty-six
acres, at $1 25 per acre, being the quantity of
land granted by the Government to companies fyid
individuals in the several States, for military ser-
vices during the revolutionary and late wars, and
for religious purposes.
Thus it appears that the pretended equivalent,
rendered to the States by the General Government,
for the exemption of its lands within their borders
from taxation, amounts simply to this: that one
dollar is returned for two or more taken away!
Why this disparity ? Why should the lands of
the Federal Government be alone exempt from that
State taxation to which all other lands are subject-
ed, which is necessary to defray the expenses of
the State governments, and in most cases to pay
the interest on the debts incurred for those works
of internal improvement, the benefit of Which is as
fully shared by the great Federal land holder as by
any other owner of an humble quarter section in
the State ? So far this system has operated merely
as a sheer and downright plundering of the people
of the new States, to the turie of about seven mil-
lions of dollars;—States rich in the fliture, rich in
their yet undeveloped resources, rich in manly
spirit, character, heart, and energy, but poor as
yet m capital, feeble in present ability to endure
taxation, especially in the money form, and strug-
gling up from infancy into manhood under a host
of depressing circumstances.
A fable of natural history tells us of a bird
which is said to bleed itself to afford sustenance
to its infant progeny, but that system which re-
verses this process and drains the feeble currents
of the children's life-blood to minister to thealready
overgrown strength of the unnatuial parent, is no
fable—it is a fact; and, what is more, to the seven
millions of dollars already withheld from the new
States by this system, is to be added a prospective
increase exactly in proportion to the quantities of
land hereafter to be brought under its operation.
But, sir, as forcible as may be this view of the
subject, there is another, if possible still more
striking. A brief statement of figures will exhibit
it with more emphatic force than any language of
mine:
The entire qnantity of land sold up to the 1st of
| Januaiy, 1846, was ninety-three millions eight
i hundred and seventy-two thousand eight hundred
i and fifty-six acres; the amount received therefor
I was $130,280,156. The cost of these lands, at an
average of twenty-three cents per acre, according
to the Commissioner's report, has been about
$21,590,756; leaving a balance tin favor of the
General Government, amounting to §108,689,400.
From whom has this enormous sum been drawn ?
From those least able to pay: chiefly from the poor
i settler and the haidy pioneer; men whose enter-
' prise has given to these lands their greatest value;
men ^ho have founded States, and who, above all
others, have contributed to extend the limits of the
republic, and to exalt its name at home and
abroad. Yes, it is from this meritorious class it
has been mainly drawn, whilst it has gone, with
some abatement for the expense of administering
the lands, as a clear profit into the Federal treas-
ury. In most civilized and Christian countries,
the taking of any sum over six per cent, upon
money loaned is considered and punished as usury;
but in this, whilst individuals are liable to be pun-
ished for usury, the Government, as a great mam-
moth land-monqpolist and speculator, may exact
six hundre'd per cent, profit upon the price of its
lands, from the poor and needy, with impunity !
and from those, too, most meritorious, and deserv-
ing of fostering care.
It will perhaps be answered, that these burdens
have been at least partially compensated in various
grants of land made from time to time to different
States for roads, canals, &c. But a moment's
reflection will show the fallacy of this argument.
The main, if not the sole, ground on which such
grants have been made, has been that of policy for
the advantage of the Federal Government itself,
as the owner of contiguous lands, to be enhanced
in value by the improvements along the line of
which they have thus granted the alternate "sec-
tions. And the alternate tracts reserved Eo the
Government have in point of fact been thus en-
hanced several fold in value, and have been sold
in several instances to the settlers at a correspond-
ingly increased price; thus amply remunerating to
the Government the value of the grants made, to
aid in the construction of such improvements; and
otherwise increasing the amounS drawn into the
coffers of the Treasury by offering inducements to
emigrants to settle and buy lands in these States.
There is still another point of view, in which
the people of the new States feel with an onerous
sense of wrong, the operation of the present land
system. I refer to the mixture of the proprietor-
ships and jurisdictions of the State and Federal
Governments within -the same borders. It is ar 
important truth taught us by history, that political
power has been always coexistent with the proprie-
torship of the soil; when, therefore, the power inci-
dent to this proprietorship has been added to that
now exercised by the Federal Government in every
State of the Union, and which has already become
an overtowering and overshadowing power, con-
stantly struggling for predominance m influence
with the local governments, and successfully, too,
may  wc not feel justly alarmed for the integrity
and safety of the republic ? What patriot but fears
he reads in the unhappy fate of the republics .
which have gone before us the fate of our own ?
"VVhat government can be called free and independ-
ent within whose limits a powerful neighboring
Government is the proprietor of vast tracts of terri-
tory—a large majority perhaps of its entire surface,
over which it may exercise an absolute civil and
military jurisdiction, to prevent the ploughing of a
furrow, or the cutting of a twig? How could the
new States be made more dependent and abject
than by putting their territory and their revenues
under the control of the Federal Government ? So
long as this condition of things exists, the citizens
and policy of these States must continue to be sub-
ject to a pernicious central influence, to a degrading
foreign control; and the growing tendency of the
Federal Government to consolidation must be inev-
itably and fearfully accelerated. For one, I shall
never cease to regard this feature of the system as
still more obnoxious than the money exactions to
which it subjects the population of the new States.
For one, I shall never cease my exertions while I
have a seat in this body to remedy—to abolish it.
I propose, sir, to accomplish this important
object by reducing and graduating the price of the
public lands. This beneficent measure will glean
and clear out the waste lands, cut off a cumbrous
and expensive branch of Federal patronage, secure
to the Government a fair equivalent for its property,
and to the States the inappreciable control of the
soil within their limits. It will do more: it will
impart an impulse to the industry and enterprise
of the new, and indeed of all the States, which wilt
be soon seen and felt in the erection of public im-
provements, schools, and in all the other mani-
festations of public prosperity. Last, though not
least, it will place within the power of the States,
by the lands to be transferred to them, the means
of paying theirpublic debts, and of preserving their
faith from disgrace. . Are there any who would not
be rejoiced to see these happy results realized?
To President Van Buren is due the credit of first
recommending this great and beneficent measure to
the favorable consideration of Congress. He fore-
saw that the appropriation of the soil in this as in
all other countries, must eventually become the
great and absorbing question, and with a wise fore-
cast exerted the influence of his grpat name to push
it to consummation. Mr. Polk nas followed the
example of his illustrious predecessor, and thus
earnestly and forcibly urges it upon the attention
of Congress in his message:
" Under our present land system, limiting the minimum
puce at which the public lands can be entered to'^1 25 per
acre, large quantities of lands of inferior quality remain un-
sold, because they will not command that price. "* * *
With the view to the sale and settlement of the inferior
lands,! recommend that the piice beirraduated and reduced
below the present minimum rate, confining the sales at the
