40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 27,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Lewis.
Senate.
drafts can be disbursed at par—or in other words,
when the public creditor chooses to receive a treas-
ury- draft at par with, or in preference to, gold and
silver—the disbursing officer shall not be compelled
to draw the gold and silver from the treasury or to
exchange his draft for gold and silver, but may
pay over the draft at once to the public creditor.
This is the extent of the amendment, and no more.
It proposes the payment of a public creditor by a
draft drawn on gol,d and silver, when such public
creditor is as willing to receive the draft before it
is presented, as the gold and silver after it is pre-
sented, at the place of payment, or after it is
received in exchange for the draft. And this sim-
ple treasury transaction is, in the vivid imaginations
of gentlemen, a license for'the use of an illimitable
amount of Government paper for circulation !
But I have said that this amendment was inserted
at the instance of the Secretary of the Treasury,
because it would afford him great facility in dis-
bursing the public revenue; and that if this and
other like facilities were refused him, it would be
almost impossible, in some cases, to carry out the
provisions of this bill.
Let me suppose (said Mr. L.) that the Secretary
of the Treasury wishes to disburse five thousand
dollars to an army contractor at Point Isabel. He
sends a draft drawn on New York to a disbursing
officer at that point. When the draft arrives, the
contractor is most anxious to receive it to discharge
obligations which he has incuned in New York;
but the disbursing officer tells him he is not at lib-
erty by the law to pay over the draft, but is com-
pelled to exchange it at par for gold and silver; and
if that cannot be done, he must lake the draft to
the assistant treasurer in New York, draw out the
gold and silver, and then return with the gold and
silver so drawn, and pay it over to him, the con-
tractor. It is in vain the astonnhed contractor tells
him he prefers the draft to the gold and silver, even
if it were ready to be paid to him. The law is
inexorable.
The disbursing officer is compelled by the law
first to see if he can exchange the draft at Point
Isabel for gold and silver. Failing to find any one
with that amount of gold and silver at Point Isabel,
he hurries back to New Orleans. There he finds
exchange against New York, and he cannot ex-
change the draft for gold and silver at par. In this
dilemma, he is forced either to make good the loss
in exchange out of his own pocket, or to go on to
New York and draw the gold and silver, and then
return two thousand miles to pay it over to a con-
tractor who was in want of funds at New Yurk,
and whose very fingers itched to get hold of the
treasury draft drawn on that place.
But suppose, when the draft is carried to Point
Isabel, it can there be exchanged for gold and sil-
ver through a broker, who follows the public ex-
penditure like a vulture follows a carcass, for the
express purpose of profiting by the forced exchan-
ges effected under this law. The public creditor is
most eager to clutch the treasury draft on New
York. It is the very thing he wants, to enable him
to make a remittance to that city. He is willing
to pay five per cent, premium for it, but at that dis-
tant post the broker asks him ten for New York
funds. The law, however, forbids the disbursing
officer from paying him over this draft. It com-
pels the public officer to go to the broker and ex-
change these funds—worth a premium of Jive per
cent.—at par. This is done in the presence of the
public creditor for whose benefit the draft was sent;
and who, after receiving the gold and silver ex-
changed with the broker, is compelled, with the
same money so received, to turn round and pay
the broker ten per cent, premium for this identical
treasury draft.
Now, Mr. President, I ask if the friends of this
bill will make such a state of things necessary?
Will they risk the success of this great measure of
the party, by withholding the facilities for its con-
venient operation in a state of actual war, when
they know that such heavy disbursements are to
be made for the support of our army, very far be-
yond our territorial boundary, and still further be-
yond the limits of our population ? How are we
to sustain our disbursements in that distant quar-
ter without the facilities furnished by treasury
drafts ? We may possibly get along by the free
use of treasury notes while they are allowed, but
when they are called in, the thing is impossible.
And even with them, the working of this measure
will be anything but easy and successful.
But, sir, (said Mr. L.,) a new feeling seems to
have pervaded us in favor of an exclusive metallic
currency. On the other side of this Hall, among
the advocates of banks and bank paper, in all its
varieties of fraud and worthlessness, a violent sen-
timent has suddenly sprung up in favor of hard
money. The paro^siu first manifested itself yes-
terday about one o'clock, when this bill was taken
up for consideration, and it .has continued with
I even increasing violence ever since. It has com-
! municated itself to this, the Democratic side of the
! Senate; and the question is now gravely argued,
j whether we shall abolish the use, which, from the
■ first origin of the Government, has been made of
treasury drafts, for fear that they may become, in
some sort, a paper cuirency. Yes, sir, tieasury
drafts, drawn in the regular and legitimate opera-
tions of the Government for treasury purposes, are
to be abolished, that we may have no other coun-
ters in our disbursements than hard money.
Now, sir, (said Mr. L.,) 1 can perfectly under-
stand the object of our Whig opponents in this
their sudden conversion to the Democratic senti-
ment in favor of hard money. If they can abolish
all use of paper, even for Government drafts, they
will have made this measure as difficult and im-
practicable in its operation as they have always
predicted it would be. To stop the use of treasury
> drafts is to lock the wheels of the independent
[ treasury, and to furnish to the world the best evi-
j dence of what the Whig party have always assert-
j ed, that we cannot get along- without a national
j bank. I am not, therefore, surprised at the course
ij of our opponents in opposing any facility towards
the successful operation of this measure. It is
their parliamentary right to destroy it by making
it hateful even in the eyes of its best friends. At
this I am not surprised, nor do I complain. It
is a fair and legitimate means of destroying the
measure. Nor do I complain of the peculiar opin-
ions of the distinguished Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton.] On this point he has consistently
differed with a majority of his own frfends, by op-
posing not only treasury drafts, but treasury notes.
But 1 do feel that I have some right to complain of
those of my own friends who have voted for the
issue of treasury notes, and now vote against
treasury drafts. 1 would say to them, in a spirit
of perfect respect and kindness, that by depriving
this measure of all the facilities furnished by treas-
ury drafts, they are laying the suicst foundation
for another United States Bank.
But if a majority of the Senate arc inexorable in
their opposition to the use of treasury drafts, and
to that brief and limited circulation winch they may
perform, in despite of every effort of the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause their speedy presentation
at the place of payment under the requirement of
the twenty-second section of this bill—if, 1 say, the
use of treasury drafts is wrong in principle, why do
gentlemen confine their opposition to this amend-
ment ? Why do they not assail other parts of the
bill as it came from the House of Representatives?
•With all its stern, hard-jnoney features, the bill as
it came from the House contemplated the free use
of treasury drafts. What is to prevent a public
creditor from calling at the treasury in this city,
and getting a treasury draft on New York, and
then paying that draft to his tavern-keeper, who
will pay it to some one else, until it shall perform
the whole round of circulation before it is presented I
for payment in New York? Again; no one de-
nies that under this bill the treasurer may send a
treasury draft by mail to a public creditor in dis-
charge of a public debt. The honorable Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] admits this, and
approves it; and says that at this present time,
while we are speaking on the question, a treasury
draft on New York is now being made out for j
Mrs. Pike, the widow of General Zebulon Pike,
who resides in the West, and to whom the Gov- !
eminent is indebted. Now, does not the gentle-
man see that if this draft on New York is sent to
Mrs. Pike in the West, in discharge of a debt due
her, she will pass it to some one else, and it will he
thrown into circulation, and kept in circulation,
until it reaches New York, the place of payment?
All this is right; and yet it is flagrantly wrong to
let the same kind of araft be paid by a disbursing
officer to a public creditor. Why this distinction?
Will, treasury drafts circulate longer or stronger if
paid out by a disbursing officer than if paid in per-
son to a public creditor direct from the treasury?
Will they circulate less readily through the hands
of Mrs. Pike, in the West, because sent to her by
mail from this city, than if they had been sent to
her through the hands of a disbursing officer? And
yet, under this bill, the one is allowed, while Sen-
ators contend that the other should be inhibited.
But if this amendment is stricken from the bill,
what will be the result? The disbursing officers of •
the Government, no longer allowed to pay over a
treasury draft to the public creditor, will be com-
pelled, upon the receipt of such drafts at a distance
from the point on which they are drawn, to call on
some broker to exchange them for gold and silver,
agreeably to the requirements of this section. The
dtafts being drawn on assistant treasurers in the
larger cities, will geneially be at a premium. In
this event, the officer will either have to give the
broker gratuitously this difference in exchange, or
he will pocket it himself, and thus introduce among
our disbursing agents a miserable system of specu-
lating on the Government funds—a system as cor-
rupting to the officers as it is disreputable to the
Government, And now let me ask if the object of
gentlemen will be attained by forcing the exchange
of these treasury drafts for gold and silver * When
thus exchanged with the broker, will they not cir-
culate as readily and rapidly as if paid to the pub-
lic creditor ?
No, Mr. President, the rejection of this amend-
ment will not operate a particle in preventing the
issue or circulation of treasury drafts. If the ob-
ject be really to prevent such circulation, why do
not gentlemen, instead of opposing this amend-
ment, add to the stringency of the 22d section, by
forcing these drafts to be more S])eedily presented at
the point on which they are drawn ? If they will
suggest any plan by which this can be effected, I
will go for it with all my heart. I am, in the strong-
est sense of the term, a hard-money man. This I
have avowed years ago, when such an avowal was
not received with much favor.
I prefer gold and silver to any kind of paper
money, upon the principle that I prefer the sub-
stance to the shadow—real value to the mere rep-
resentative of it. While, therefore, 1 do not believe
we can dispense with the use of treasury drafts in
the operations of the treasury, I am most anxious
to prevent them from entering into circulation as a
currency. I would issue them only for treasury
purposes—confine them simply to transferring and
disbursing the public revenue; and when that is
effected, instead of prolonging their circulation so
as to serve the purposes of currency, I would cur-
tail that circulation as much as possible. I hold
m my hand two additional amendments to confinc
these treasury drafts to the purposes I have indi-
cated. If this amendment is adopted, I shall move
another" amendment, providing that these treasury
drafts shall assume no other form, nor be used for
any other purpose than what has been usual for
treasury drafts from the origin of the Government.
I intend to go further than this, and to impose a
restriction which never has been imposed on treas-
ury drafts. To prevent them, as far as possible,
from subserving the purposes of a paper-money
circulation, I shall also propose that no treasury
draft shall issue for an amount less than two hun-
dred dollars.
If, therefore, the friends of this measure wish to
avoid the perversion of treasury notes to the pur-
poses of a paper-money circulation, they will not
effect their object by voting down an amendment
which has no other design than to facilitate the
operations of the treasury, and which, as I have
shown, will have no effect in increasing the circu-
lation of treasury drafts. They will attain their
object by assisting me in limiting these treasury
drafts solely to the purposes of transfer and dis-
bursement, and by curtailing their circulation after
they have attained these objects as much as pos-
sible.
The question was then taken on adopting the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Finance
to the 21st section of the bill, and it was disagreed
to by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Atherton, Calhoun, Cameron,
Chalmers, Houston, Lewis, McDufiie, Pennybacker, Kusfc,
Speight, and Yulee—12.
NAYS—Messis. Alien,Archer, Atchison,Bagby, Barrow,
