1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Thibodaux.
Ho. of Reps.
Benton, Berrien, Bright, Cilley, John M. Clayton, Thomas
Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Dickinson,
Dix, Evans, Fairfield, Greene, Hannegan, Huntington, Jar-
nagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland. Man-
gum, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Semple,
Sevier, Simmons, Sturgeon, Turney, Upham, Webster,
Westcott, and Woodbridge—40.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF MR. B. G. THIBODAUX,
t
OP LOUISIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 30,1846.
The Bill proposing to reduce the duties on Imports
being under consideration in Committee of the
Whole-
Mr. THIBODAUX said:
Were it the good fortune of the State of Louisi-
ana to have some other member qii this floor wil-
ling to defend her in -what I conceive to be her
dearest interest, I would cheerfully yield him the
hour to which I am entitled under the rules of this
House. For reasons satisfactory to myself, I have
no inclination for public debate or public speaking.
But after hearing the remarks delivered a few days
since by an honorable member from Louisiana, it
would be an abandonment of duty towards my
constituents to remain silent any longer. I shall,
therefore, proceed to lay before the House, as
briefly as possible, the views and opinions, based
upon statistical records, which influence my course,
and which, I trust, will be found not altogether
unworthy of consideration.
There is, in my judgment, no portion of our
population more deeply interested in the fate of
the present bill than the people whom I have the
honor to represent. It is true, sir, they have re-
ceived their share of protection from the Govern-
ment which they support; but it is equally true,
that they have been denounced, in no measured
terms, by the opponents of American industry,
and the cry has been reechoed on the other side of
the Atlantic, because we till our lands by constitu-
tional labor.
You well remember, sir, when, during last win^
ter, the news arrived from England that Sir Robert
Peel had condescended to become the great com-
mercial messiah of modern times, he proposed but
one exception to his general rule. Yes, sir, in
building up the manufactures of his own country
at the sacrifice of ours: in commanding the mar-
kets of the world, from which he proposes to drive
his only rival, he makes but one exception. All,
all are to share the blessings which he is about to
bestow upon his race; all are to be admitted into
his copartnership of free trade; all bnt the sugar-
planter ^ whose product is the result of slave labor.
Have our southern brethren weighed well the
position we occupy, or the peculiar relation in
which we stand ? No, sir; our position seems to
have been overlooked—our southern relations for-
gotten; for, while members on this floor were
making patriotic speeches on Oregon, teeming with
thoughts on national honor, and richly embellish-
ed with British lions and American eagles, the
press boastfully proclaimed to the nation, what
seemed more important than all, that Secretary
Walker's report had been published for the House
of Lords, and learned men tasked their memories
to ascertain whether so distinguished an honor had
ever before been extended to an American citizen !
Sir, it is time that Louisiana should know her
rulers. Are we the subjects of Great Britain, or
are we American citizens ? Must we sue England
for mercy, or claim protection from the American
Congress ? Have we come to this, because Eng-
land manufactures cheap goods, that therefore she
shall be permitted to control our occupations and
destroy our pursuits? Or ore we to be made the
victims of a compromise which surrenders our in-
terests to English philanthropy, in order that one
portion of our citizens may buy cheap clothing,
and the other secure a market for their grain ?
I do not stand here, Mr. Chairman, to advocate,
in its strict sense, a local interest. I know that a
blow struck at the sugar interests of our country
will be found reacting upon and paralyzing other
interests. 8The culture of the cane has not only
become an important part of our national indus-
try, but it is so intimately connected and identified
with that of cotton, that the protection of the
former cannot be abandoned without material, if
not fatal, injury to the latter. And this I shall
now endeavor to prove, confining myself strictly
to the effect produced on the cotton planter by the
protective duty in favor of the sugar grower—the
time to which we are entitled "in debate not per-
mitting me to trace its influence upon other branches
of agriculture. #
In 1842 there were 668 sugar plantations, with
50,670 slaves, of all ages. In 1845 the number of
sugar plantations had increased to 762. This year
it has already swelled to 955, and, from the best
data, it has been ascertained that the number of
plantations in 1847 will reach 1,159, owned by
upwards of 2,000 proprietors and partners. The
number of slaves already employed in the culture
of the cane cannot now fall short of 60,000.
The honorable gentleman from Louisiana,-[Mr.
\ Harmanson,] in his remarks last week, after
having complained of the enormous profits of some
of our eastern manufacturers, which, he said, were
; not less than from fifteen to twenty-five per cent.,
took occasion to say, in a subsequent part of his
speech, that the culture of sugar was as profitable as
; any other branch of American industry, and would
; still be highly so, even if the protection were with-
] drawn. As I am fully convinced that the honor-
! able gentleman is in error, I regret he has not
I stated the facts which led him to this conclusion.
I True, sir, the culture of the cane is more profit-
i able than that of cotton; the vast transfer of capital
' and labor to it, since 1842, is proof of the fact,
i But it is equally true that the profits are not so
great as they have been represented. The honor-
able gentleman tells us he is about engaging in the
culture of sugar. A few years' experience will
' convince him of the truth of my position.
The great and frequent fluctuations in the value
! of property and on articles of consumption, during
the last few years, prevent any considerable degree
of accuracy in estimating the average profits of the
sugar planter. The only data we have upon which
: calculations may be based with any degree of con-
fidence are derived from the census of 1840 and
' the tabular statements of the crops of Louisiana, as
I compiled by Mr. Champomier and others. From
these it appears that the crops of 1842-'3-'4-'5,
' haveaveraged 145,143,000pounds, 01-2,842pound?
j of sugar and 143 gallons of molasses to each and
every one, old and young, of the slave population.
I Wow, sir, estimating sugar at 4| cents per pound,
j and molasses at 15 cents per gallon, (the average
! value of these articles on plantations since the act
i of 1842,) and deducting the cost of production, it
j leaves a balance of $75 31 per slave. Let us turn
! now, for a moment, to the profits on cotton. In
! 1840 the slave population on cotton plantations in
I the State of Louisiana was 93,220. The cotton
| produced by them averaged 1,636 pounds per
i slave, which, at 65 cents per pound, after dednct-
; ing cost of production, leaves a balance of §76 34.
i From these facts it would seem that sugar at 4| :
| cents, molasses at 15, and cotton at 65 cents, are I
j about equally profitable. It should be remem-
1 bered, however, in this estimate, which is based
on the slave population, that the original outlay j
required fora sugar plantation is necessarily greater
than that for a cotton plantation; but that a poi-
tion of our sugar planters have not yet transferred
their whole force of capital to the culture of the
cane, and of course do not produce their average
amount of sugar and molasses. From these facts,
it is obvious that the profits of the sugar planter
are not unproportionally great. I beg gentlemen
to remember that the culture of sugar actually de-
clined before the enactment of the tariff of 1842,
our planters in several parishes abandoning the
culture of sugar for that of cotton—a slate of things
which the cotton planter will again witness, and
the effects of which he will again feel, if the duty
on sugar be repealed.
But admitting their profits to be 10 or 12 per
cent., would it be unreasonable? Great, I know,
have been the complaints of politicians against the
profits of capital, which, they say, are oppressive
on the poor; and successful have been their ap-
peals at elections. But have they fairly stated the
facts, sir? Have they told the people that the
planters' profits are derived not only from capital,
properly so called, but also from the wages of
60,000 slaves ? and that in market, no difference is
made between free and slave labor? Why do not
those gentlemen at once tell the poor, of whose
interest and welfare they are so watchful,- that
wages are too high? and estimating a man, his
wife, and children, at some $2,000, 10 per cent,
profit on their estimated value is exorbitant? Let -
the western farmers estimate as capital the persons
employed upon their farms, and the profits result-
ing from both land and labor will be found not far
below those of the sugar planter. Nor should the
wages of labor in the culture of the cane be as low
as in other agricultural pursuits. It is the most
arduous and laborious of all, affording no inter-
missions for rest from the commencement to the
end of the year. During the months of October,
November, and December, the laborer is usually,
employed from eighteen to twenty hours during
the twenty-four, toiling day and night, and una-
voidably exposed to the cold rains and frosts of
our southern winters.
The cheap production of sugar in the Island of
Cuba has generally been attributed to a highly fa-
vorable climate and soil. This is not strictly true;
for the cane, if not exposed to frost in the island,
still suffers more from storms, drought, and rains,
than m the State of Louisiana. But it consists, in
a great measuie, in the cheapness of the capital
employed, and the costs of production. The
clothing of slaves in Cuba costs almost nothing;
children, it is said, until they arrive at the age of
ten or twelve years, usually wear none other on the
plantations than that which nature gave them. The
food is infinitely cheaper, consisting principally of
the banana and the yam. The buildings need not
be as good. Add to these the treatment of the
slaves, and the price for which they can be pur-
chased from slavers by planters, and you will
easily perceive why a free competition with the
island would be ruinous to 11s.
But I fear that there are members 011 this floor
whose policy it is, at all hazards, to bring down
prices, without regard either to the nature or the
amount of the profits received; who oppose the
protective system, not because it is unconstitu-
tional, oppressive, or unjust, but because free trade
brings down prices. Such, at least, appear to be
the opinions and views entertained by the honor-
able gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Payne] and
his friends, if we may judge of them from the fol-
lowing paragraph, which I read from the gentle-
man 's speech, as reported in the National Intelli-
gencer of May 27th:
" But if these gentlemen should succeed in getting ttie
people to believe so gioss and palpable an absurdity as ttiat
high duties made low pi ices, then they would have annihi-
lated the whole of their own argument for protection. Could
they establish that position, there would be a grand revolu-
tion of parties m that House on the subject of tile tariff; lor
then it would he the interest of the manufacturer to oppose
the protective policy, and it would be the duty ot Mr. P.
and his friends to adopt it."
I have said that the cotton-planter's prosperity
is dependant 011 the protection of sugar. I pro-
ceed to establish the fact.
The principal and leading objections to the
protection of sugar are, first, the loss suffered by
the consumer from the enhanced cost of the arti-
cle; secondly, the curtailment of the foreign de-
mand for home productions. Therefore, let us
ascertain as nearly as possible the injury suffered
from these causes. In 1842 there were 50,670
slaves employed in the culture of sugar in Lou-
isiana. The number at this time is not accurately
known, but, as I said before, it cannot be less
than 60,000. The last crop amounted to 186,650
hogsheads; but as a portion of the plantations
were not in full operation, I shall, for the present
purpose, consider it to have been 220,000,000
pounds of sugar. The molasses or drainings from
this sugar may be fairly estimated at 9,900,000
gallons. This crop, sugar at 5 cents per pound,
and molasses at 22 cents per gallon, would have
j been sold for the gross sum of $13,178,000. But,
after reducing the duty, these prices could no
longer be obtained. It is thought bj many that
the price would fall below that at which it can be
produced in Louisiana, and as its culture would
decline here, the demand would be supplied by an
increased production in the Island of Cuba. I
shall not attempt to discuss this question, and shall
adopt the reasoning of the friends of free trade, and
assume the price will fall to, and remain at, 3| and
17 cents. The same crop will then be sold only
