44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 22,
29th ' Cong 2d Sess.
Public Documents.
Ho. of Reps.
received at the Adjutant General^ office on the
23d of November, and thence sent to me. As the
document was voluminous, and my whole time
* was required for the indispensable current business
of the department, then unusually pressing, and for
preparing my annual report to accompany your
message to Congress, I did not at that time, nor
until a few days since, examine it, and it was not
laid before you, to receive your directions in regard
to it.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, W. L. MARCY.
To the President.
Letter of the Secretary of War to General Kearny.
[Confidential.] War Department,
Washington, June 3,1846.
Sir: J herewith send you a copy of my letter
to the Governor of Missouri for an additional
force of one thousand mounted men.
The object of thus adding to the force under
your command is not, as you will perceivg, fully
set forth in that letter, for the reason that it is
deemed prudent that it should not, at this time,
become a matter of public notoriety, but to you,
it is proper and necessary that it should be stated-
It has bepn decided by the President to be of the
greatest importance in the pending war with Mexi-
co to take the earliest possession of Upper Cali-
fornia. An expedition with 'that view is hereby
ordered, and you arc designated to command it.
To enable you to be in sufficient force to conduct
it successfully, this additional force of a thousand
mounted men has been provided, to follow you in
the direction of Santa Fe, to be under your orders,
or the officer you may leave in command at Santa
Fe.
It cannot be determined how far this additional
force will be behind that designed for the Santa Fe
expedition, but it will not probably be more than a
few weeks. When you arrive at Santa Fe with
the force already called, and shall have taken pos-
session of it, you may find yourself in a condition
to garrison it with a small part of your command,
(as the additional force will soon be at that place,)
and with the remainder piess forward to California.
In that case, you will make such arrangements, as
to being followed by the reinforcements before men-
tioned,as in your judgmentmay bedeemed safe and
prudent. I need not say to you that, in case you
conquer Santa Fe, (and with it will be included the
department or State of New Mexico,) it will be im-
portantto provide for retaining safe possesion of it.
Should you deem it prudent to have still more
troops for the accomplishment of the objects herein
designated, you will lose no time in communica-
ting your opinion on that point, and ail others con-
nected with the enterpiise, to this department. In-
deed, you are hereby authonzed to make a direct
requisition for it upon the Governor of Missouri.
It is known that a large body of Mormon emi-
grants are en route to California, for the purpose of
settling in that country. You are desired to use
all proper means to have a good understanding
with them, to the end that the United States may
have their cooperation in taking possession of, and j
holding, that country. Jt has been suggested here, !
that many of these Mormons would willingly enter I
into the service of the United States and aid us in !
our expedition against California. You are hereby !
authorized to muster into service such as can be :
induced to volunteer—not, however, to a number '
exceeding one-third of your entire foice. Should I
they enter the service, they will be paid as other
volunteers; and you can allow them to designate,
so far as it can be properly done, the persons to
act as officers thereof. It is understood thatacon- i
sidemble number of American citizens are now !
settled on the Sacramento river, near Suter's estab-1
hshment, called " Nueva Helvetia"—who are well j
disposed towards the United States. Should you, '
on youi arrival in the country, find this to be the j
true state of things there, you are authorized to 1
organize and receive into the service of the United |
States such portion of these citizens as you may
think useful to aid you to hold the possession of
the country. You will, in that case, allow them,
so far as you shall judge proper, to select their
own officers. A large discretionary power is in-
vested in you in regard to these matters, as well as
to all others in relation to the expeditions confided
to your command.
The choice of routes by which you .will enter
California will be left to your better^ knowledge
and ampler means of getting accurate information.
We are assured that a southern route (called the
Caravan route, by which the wild horses are
brought from that country into New Mexico) is
practicable; and it is suggested as not improbable
that it can be passed over in the winter months, or
at least late in autumn. It is hoped that this in-
foimation may prove to be correct.
In regard to the routes, the practicability of pro-
curing needful supplies for men and animals and
transporting baggage, is a point to be well consid- •
ered. Should the President be disappointed in this
cherished hope that you will be able to reach the '
interior of Upper California before winter, you are ;
then desired to make the best arrangements you can '
for sustaining y.our forces during the winter, and
for an early movement in the spring. Though it
is very desirable that the expedition should reach
California this season, (and the President does not
doubt you will rrtake every possible effort to ac-
complish this object,) yet, if in your judgment it
cannot be undertaken with a reasonable prospect
of success, you will defer it, as above suggested,
until spring. You are left unembarrassed by any
specific directions in this matter.
It is expected that the naval forces of the United
States, which are now or will soon be in the Pa-
cific, will be in possession of all the towns on the
seacoast, and will cooperate with you in the con-
quest of California. Arms, ordnance, munitions
of war, and provisions, to be used in that country,
will be sent by sea to our squadron in tire Pacific
for the use of the land forces.
Should you conquer ond take possession of New
Mexico and Upper California, or considerable
places in either, you will establish temporary civil
governments therein—abolishing all arbitrary re-
strictions that may exist, so far as it may be done
with safety. In performing this duty, it would be
wise and prudent to continue in their employment
all such of the existing officers as are known to be
friendly to the United States, and will take the
oath of allegiance to them. The duties at the cus-
tom-houses ought at once to be reduced to such a
rate as may be barely sufficient to maintain the
necessary officers without yielding any revenue to
the Government. You may assure the people of
those provinces that it is the wish and design of
the United States to provide for them a free gov-
ernment with the least possible delay, similar to
that which exists in our territories. They will
then be called on to exercise the rights of freemen
m electing their own representatives to the Terri-
torial Legislature. It is foreseen that what relates
to the civil government will be a difficult and un-
pleasant part of your duty, and much must neces-
sarily be left to your own discretion.
In your whole conduct you will act in such a
manner as best to conciliate the inhabitants, and
render them friendly to the United States.
It is desirable that the usual trade between the
citizens of th* United States and the Mexican
provinces should be continued, as far as practica-
ble, under the changed condition of things, between
the two countries. In consequence of extending
your expedition into California, it may be proper
that you should increase your supply for goods to
be distributed as presents to the Indians. The
United States Superintendent of Indian Affairs at
St. Louis will aid you m procuring these goods.
You will be furnished with a proclamation* m the
Spanish language, to be issued by you, and circu-
lated among the Mexican people, on your entering
into or approaching their country. You will use
your utmost endeavors to have the pledges and
promises therein contained carried out to the ut-
most extent.
I am directed by the President to say that the
rank of Brevet Brigadier General will be conferred
on you as soon as you commence your movement
\Note.—No proclamation for circulation was ever fur-
nished to Gfcneial Kearny. A few copies of that prepared
for and sont to General Taylor were forwarded to General
Kearny, but he was reque&ted not to use them. These
copies were the only proclamations sent hy the War De-
partment to him, and I am not aware that he ever used any
of them. See letter of the Secretary of War to General
Kearny of the 6th of June, 1846, a copy of which is with
the papers sent to the President in answer to the resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 15th of December,
1846. W. L. MARCY.
towards California, and sent round to you by sea*
or over the country, or to the care of the com-
mandant of our squadron in the Pacific. In that
way, cannon, arms, ammunition, and supplies, for
the land forces, will be sent to you.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY, Secretary of War.
Colonel S. W. Kearny,
Fort Leavenworth, Missouri.
Letter of the Secretary of War to General Kearny,
War Department,
Washington, September 12, 1846.
Sir: A volunteer regiment raised in the State of
New York, engaged to serve during the war with
Mcxico, and to be discharged wherever they may
be, at its termination, if in a territory of the Uni-
ted States, has been mustered into service, and is
ahout to embark at the port of New York, for
California. This force is to be a part of your
command; but as it may reach the place of its
destination before you are in a condition to sub-
ject it to your orders, the colonel of the regiment,
J. D. Stevenson, has been furnished with instruc-
tions for his conduct in the mean time. I here-
with send you a copy thereof, as well as a copy of
the instructions of the Navy Department to the
commander of the naval squadron in the Pacific-, a
copy of a letter to General Taylor, with a circular
from the Treasury Department; a copy of a letter
from General Scott to Captain Tompkins; and a
copy of general regulations relative to the respect-
ive rank of naval and army officers. These, so
far as applicable, will be looked upon in the light
of instructions to yourself. The department is
exceedingly desirous to be furnished by you with
full information of your progress and proceed-
ings, together with your opinion and views as to
your movements into California, having reference
as to time, route, &c., (fee. Beyond the regiment
under the command of Colonel S. Price, and the
separate battalion called for at the same time by
the President from the Governor of Missouri, a
requisition for one regiment of infantry was issued
t>n the 18th of July last, but the information sub-
sequently received here induced the belief that it
would not be needed; and the difficulty of passing
it over the route at so late a period in the season,
with the requisite quantity of supplies, &c., was
deemed so great that the orders to muster it into
service have been countermanded. It will not be
sent. Your views as to the sufficiency of your
force, and the practicability of sustaining a larger
one, &-c., aie desiied.
I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY, Secretary of War.
General S. W. Kearny,
Fort Leavenworth, Missouri.
Letter from Major General Scott to General Kearny.
Headquarters of the Army,
Washm<rton, November 3,1846.
Sir: We have received from yon many official
reports—the latest dated September the 16th. A
special acknowledgment of them by dates will go,
herewith, from the Adjutant General's Office.
Your march upon, and conquest of New Mexico,
together with the military dispositions made for
holding that province, have won for you, I am
authorized to say, the emphatic approbation of
the Executive, by whom it is not doubted your
movement upon and occupation of Upper Califor-
nia, will be executed with like energy, judgment,
and success.
You will, at Monterey, or the Bay of San Fran-
cisco, find an engineer officer (Lieutenant Halleck)
and a company of the United States artillery, un-
der Captain Tompkins. It is probable that an offi-
cer of engineers, or of topographical engineers, has
accompanied you from Santa Fe. Those officers,
and the company q/ artillery y aided by other troops
under your command, ought promptly to be em-
ployed in erecting and garrisoning durable defences
for holding the Bays of Monterey and San Fran-
cisco, together with such other important points in
the same province as you may deem it necessary
to occupy. Entrenching tools, ordnance, and ord-
nance stores, went out in the ship Lexington, with
Captain Tompkins. Further ordnance supplies
may be soon expected.
It is perceived, by despatches received at the
