1846.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Public Documents.
Ho. ov Rbps.
Navy Department from the commander of the
United States squadron on the coast of the Pacific,
that certain volunteers were taken into service by
him, from the settlers about the Bays of Monterey
and San Francisco, to aid him in seizing and hold-
ing that country. With a view to regular pay-
ment, it is desirable that those volunteers, if not
originally mustered, should be caused by you to
be regularly mustered into service (retrospectively)
under the volunteer act of May 13,1846, amended
by an act of the following month. This may be
done, with the distinct understanding, that if not
earlier discharged, as no longer needed, you will
discharge them at any time they may signify a
wish to that effect.
You will probably find certain port charges arid
regulations established for the harbors of the prov-
ince, by the commanders of the United States
squadron upon its coast. The institution and
alteration of such regulations appertain to the naval
commander, who is instructed, by the proper de-
partment, to confer on the subject with the com-
mander of the land forces. As established, you
will, in your sphere, cause those regulations to be
duly respected and enforced. On the other hand,
the appointment of temporary collectors at the
several ports appertains to the civjl governor of
the province, who will be, for the time, the senior
officer of the land forces in the country. Collect-
ors, however, who have been already appointed
by the naval commander will not be unnecessarily
changed.
As a guide to the civil governor of Upper Cali-
fornia, in our hands, see the letter of June the 3d,
(last,) addressed to you by the Secretary of War.
You will not, however, formally declare the prov-
ince to be annexed. Permanent incorporation of
the territory must depend on the Government of
the United States.
After occupying, with our forces, all necessary
points in Upper California, and establishing a
temporary civil government therein, as well as
assuring yourself of its internal tranquillity, and
the absence of any danger of reconquest on the
part of Mexico, you may charge Colonel Mason,
United States 1st dragoons, the bearer of this open
letter, or land officer next in rank to your own,
with your several duties, and return yourself, with
a sufficient escort of troops, to St. Louis, Missouri.
But the body of United States dragoons that ac-
companied you to California will remain there until ;
further orders. '
I^is not known what portion of the Missouri
volunteers (if any) marched with you from Santa
Fe to the Pacific. If any, it is necessary to pro-
vide for their return to their homes and honorable
discharge; and, on the same supposition, they
may serve you as a sufficient escort to Missouri.
It is known that Lieutenant Colonel Fremont,
of the United States rifle regiment, was, in July
last, with a party of men in. the service of the
United States Topographical Engineers, in the
neighborhood of San Francisco, or Monterey bay,
engaged in joint operations against Mexico with
the United States squadron on that coast. Should
you find,him there, it is desired that you do not
detain him, against his wishes, a moment longer
than the necessities of the service may require.
I need scarcely enjoin deference ana the utmost
cordiality on the part of our land forces towards
those of our navy in the joint service on the dis-
tant coast of California. Reciprocity may be cor-
dially expected; and towards that end, frequent
conferences between commanders of the two arms
are recommended. Harmony in cooperation and
success cannot but follow.
Measures have been taken to supply the dis-
bursing officers who have preceded, and who may
accompany you,, with all necessary funds. Of
those measures you will be informed by Colonel
Mason.
I remain, sir, with great respect, your obedient
servant, WINFIELD SCOTT.
To Brig. Gen. S. W. Kearny, U. S. A.,
Command'g U. S. forces IQifiMilitary Dep't.
Navy Department, December 19, 1846.
Sir: In obedience to the direction with which
you transmitted a copy of the resolution of the
House of Representatives, of the 15th instant, re-
questing the President " to communicate any and
4 all orders or instructions to General Taylor, Gen-
i eral Wool, General Kearny, Captain Sloat, Cap-
(tain Stockton, or any other officer of the Govern-
' ment, in relation to the establishment or organiza-
* tion of civil government in any portion of the
'territory of Mexico which has or may be taken
' possession of by the army or navy of the United
< States; also, what forms of government such offi-
' cers, or either of them, may have established and
i organized;and whether the President has approved
' and recognised said governments," I have the, hon-
or to transmit herewith copies of the despatches
from this department to the commanding officers
of the United States naval forces in the Pacific
ocean, and in the Gulf of Mexico, as enumerated
in the subjoined schedule; with copies of commu-
nications from those officers.
These documents contain all the information in
the department on the subject embraced in the
resolution of the House. !
It will be perceived that the only subject on I
which the commander of the naval forces in the \
Gulf has been instructed, which appears to be with- i
in the range of the resolution, is the state of the i
import and export trade of the ports of which he 1
held temporary military possession.
The last official despatch received from the Pa-
cific squadron is dated on the 28th of August last.
At that date the despatches from the department
of the 13th of May had just arrived, and those of
subsequent dates appear not to have been received.
The operations of the squadron were conducted
under the order of June 24th, 1845, which requiied
the commander of the naval forces to exercise all
the belligerant rights which belonged to him, on ,
the declaration of war, or the commencement of
hostilities by Mexico against the United States.
In my despatch of November 5th last, Commo-
dore Stockton was required to relinquish the con- j
duct of operations on land, and the control of such ;
measures of civil government as the military occu-1
pation of the country conquered might devolve on j
the conqueror until a definitive treaty of peace !
should settle the right of possession, to the officer ;
in command of the land forces of the United States,
who, in company with the bearer of my despatch,
proceeded to the west coast to assume the com-
mand.
There has been no approval or recognition of
any organized or established form of civil govern-
ment for the Californias, or any other Mexican
territory in the occupation of the naval forces,
through this department. The instructions have
been confined to the acknowledged rights, under
the Jaws of nations, resulting from conquest and
occupation; and the corresponding duties which
the conqueror owed temporarily to the inhabitants
have been performed in a spirit of kindness and
conciliation, and, in the only particulars embraced
by the instructions from this department, of liber-
ality to the commercial interests of citizens of the
United States and of neutrals.
It may be supposed that the documents trans-
mitted embrace matters not within the call. « But
as the principal purpose of the despatches has been
the direction of naval operations against the enemy,
I have found it difficult to make extracts which
would be intelligible. I have, therefore, deemed
it most satisfactory to transmit the entire docu-
ments, with two exceptions; and in these, the
whole despatch is not sent, because the parts with-
held relate to other subjects, which the interests of
the Government would not permit to be made
public.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, J. Y. MASON.
To the President.
[Secret and confidential-]
United States Navy Department,
Washington, June 24, 1845.
Sir: Your attention is stiil particularly directed
to the present aspect of the relations between this
country and Mexicor It is the earnest desire of
the President to pursue the policy of peace, and
he is anxious that you and every part of your
squadron should be assiduously careful to avoid
any act which could be construed as an act of ag-
gression.
Should Mexico, however, be resolutely bent on
hostilities, you will be mindful to protect the pei-
sons and interests of citizens of the United States
near your station; and should you ascertain, be-
yond a doubt, that the Mexican Government has
declared war against us, you will at once employ
the force under your command to the best advan-
tage. The Mexican ports on the Pacific are said
to be open and defenceless. If you ascertain with
certainty that Mexico has declared war against the
United States, you will at once possess yourself of
the port of San Francisco, and blockade or occupy
such other ports as your force may permit.
Yet, even if you should find yourself called
upon, by the certainty of an express declaration
of war against the United States, to occupy San
Franciseo and other Mexican ports, you will be
careful to preserve, if possible, the most friendly
relations with the inhabitants; jmd, where you can
do so, you will encourage them to adopt a course
of neutrality.
Should you fall in with the squadron under
Commodore Parker, you will signify to him the
wish of the department, that if the state of his
vessels will admit of it, he should remain off the
coast of Mexico until our relations with that power
are more definitively adjusted; and you will take
directions from him, as your senior officer, com-
municating to him these instructions.
The great distance of your squadron, and the
difficulty of communicating with you, are the
causes for issuing this order. The President
hopes, most earnestly, that the peace of the two
countries may not be disturbed. The object of
these instructions is to possess you of the views
of the Government, in the event of a declaration
of war on the part o" Mexico against the United
States; an event which you are enjoined to do
everything, consistent with the national honor, on
your part to avoid.
Should Commodore Parker prefer to return to
the United States, he has permission from the de-
partment to do so. In that event, you will com-
mand the united squadron.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE BANCROFT.
Com. John D. Sloat,
Commanding U. S. naval forces in the Pacific.
United States Navy Department,
Washington^ May 13, 1846.
Commodore: The state of things alluded to in
my letter of June 24, 1845, hag occurred. %
You will therefore now be governed by the in-
structions therein contained, and carry into effect
the orders then communicated, with energy and
promptitude, and adopt such other measures for
the protection of the persons and interests, the
rights and the commerce of the citizens of the Uni-
ted States, as your sound judgment may deem to
be required.
When you establish a blockade, you will allow
neutrals twenty days to leave the blockaded ports;
and you will render your blockade absolute, ex-
cept against armed vessels of neutral nations.
Commending you and your ships' companies to
Divine Providence,
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE BANCROFT.
Commodore John D. Sloat,
Commanding U. S. squadron, Pacific.
United States Navy Department,
Washington* May 15,1846.
Commodore: By my letter of the 13th instant,
forwarded to you through different sources, in tri-
plicate, of which a copy is^ enclosed, you were in-
formed of the existing state of war between this
Government and the republic of Mexico, and re-
ferred to your instructions bearing date June 24th,
1845, in reference to such a contingency, and
directed to " carry into effect the orders then com-
* municated with energy and promptitude, and
( adopt such other measures for the protection of
( the persons and interests, the rights and the com-
' merce of the citizens of the United States, as your
1 sound judgment may deem to h^iequired."
I transmit you herewith, by the hands of Mid-
shipman Mcltae, whom you will employ on your
station, a file of papers containing the President's
message, and the proceedings of Congress, relative
to the existing state of war with Mexico. The
President, by authority of Congress, has made
proclamation of war between the United States and
Mexico. You will find a copy of the proclama-
tion in the papers enclosed.
