48;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 15,
29x^r". Cong;....2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
atxd prosperity, to our present condition, by that
policy which through all past time has proven
fatal to every popular Government that has adopt-
ed it: No-man who consults the past history of
our. race, and calmly views our present condition,
can doubt, that this policy of territorial aggran-
dizement must result in the overthrow of this Gov-
ernment. Had we remained satisfied with our
territory as it was two years since, this war, with
its vast debt, its thousands of human victims, its
bloodshed, its crimes, and ite disgrace, would
have been avoided. Let the President fill his
annual messages with arguments endeavoring to
cast the odium of this war on Mexico; let tnm
and his Cabinet do all in their power to excuse
themselves, or to extenuate their own conduct;
still every intelligent man in the nation must be
fully conscious that the annexation of Texas has
involved us in this war; and the country and the
civilized world will hold the advocates of that
measure responsible for all the crimes, the misery,
and suffering, which have resulted from it, or
which shall hereafter result from it. This war
has become the subject of inquiry and discussion
throughout the country. It is the absorbing topic
in our social circles, in stage-coaches, in railroad
cars, and in steamboats; in our pulpits and reli-
gious meetings; in our political conventions, our
State Legislatures; in Congress, and in the Execu-
tive Cabinet. It its discussed in the CJnited States,
in Mexico, and in Europe.
The people of the nation are demanding of the
Executive a statement of the objects of this war.
What are the ulterior designs of the Government
in its prosecution? Why are the people to be
taxed to an indefinite amount for the support of
an army occupied in carrying bloodshed and suf-
fering to the heart of a sister republic? What
good are we, or the country, 01- posterity, to derive
from this vast expenditure of blood and treasure
on Mexican soil' What great and transcendent
advantage is the human family to receive from the
slaughter of our Mexican brethren, or from the
death of our sons, our brothers, and friends, who
fall by the sword, or by disease in that pestilen-
tial climate? The public mind demands categori-
cal answers to these interrogatories, but the Ex-
ecutive has evaded them all. He returns for
answer, in substance, that those who speak their
honest sentiments ill regard to this war, " lend aul
and comfort to the enemy," and are therefore guilty
of moral treason.
This undignified attack upon the freedom of
speech must coll forth an indignant rebuke from j
every friend of popular rights. It is at war with
the first principles of a free Government. It is
unprecedented in . the history of this nation. It
can find no sanction, except in the despotisms of
a darker age. It will meet with encouragement
only from tyrants or usurpers; and will be quietly
submitted to by none but the miserable sycophants
of licentious power. But I leave this part of the
message in the hands of the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] who has
already done justice to it.
On looking over the message, the reader is at
oncc struck with its defensive character. No per-
son can read it without being conscious that the
author felt the pressure of public sentiment, and
was endeavoring to avoid public disapprobation.
Indeed, had he" been arraigned before the Senate
on articles of impeachment, I think his defence
would have embraced the leading features of this
message. I should have expected the same sophis- I
try and misrepresentation which characterize the |
communication now before us. It is mortifying
to me, as an American citizen, to be compelled to
use such language in reference to the message of
the Chief Magistrate of our nation. But milder
terms would nnt do justice to its contradictions,
or its perversions of truth. And the attempt, on
the part of the President, to stifle debate in this
Hall, by declaring all to be traitors who oppose
this war, demands of us an unrestrained expression
of our honest sentiments.
I wish, however, at this time, to call the atten-
tion of the House and of the country to that para-
graph in which he says:
" The existing war with Mexico was neither desired nnr
provoked by the United States. On: he contrary, all honorable
means were resorted to to aveit it. After years of endurance
of aggravated and unredressed wrongs on our pai t, Mexico, in
violation of solemn treaty stipulations, and of every prin-
ciple of justice recognised by civilized nations, commenced
hostilities ; and thus, by her own act. foiced the war upon
us."
This is an important assertion, and if founded
on truth, shows us engaged in a defensive war; we
should, therefore, compare it with established facts,
and ascertain if it be correct. We are all satisfied
that no hostilities had taken place up to the time
that our army left Corpus Christi and advanced to
the Rio Grande. General Taylor, in his reports
to the War Department, mentions no act of hos-
tility on the part of Mexico until the 23d April
last. He had, before that time, taken possession
of "Brasos Santiago," where the Mexicans had
established, and long maintained, a custom-house,
at which our citizens had paid duties -on all mer-
chandise landed there up to the very day that our
troops took possession of it and drove the Mexi-
cans from it. With his army General Taylor en-
tered a country settled by Mexicans, where none
but Mexican laws had ever been observed, and
whose people had ever lived under the protection
of the Mcxican Government, to which they had
always yielded a willing and patriotic support.
They fled with their families at the approach of
our army, who took possession of their fields and
occupied, their dwellings. General Taylor erected
a battery, and mounted his cannon in such a po-
sition as to command the city of Matamoros. On
the 6th of April, 1846, he wrote the Adjutant
General as follows: "On our side, a batteiy for
' four 18-pounders will be completed, and the guns
' placed in battery to-day. These guns bear directly
' upon the public square of Matamoros, and within
'good range for demolishing the town." Yet the
President assures us that the " war was not pro-
naked" by the United States.
On the 15th ApriH3reneral Taylor informed the
department, by letter, that " no hostile movement had
been, made by the Mexicans." In the same letter
he says, " I considered the letter of General Ara-
' pudia sufficient to warrant me in blocking up the
' Rio Grande, and stopping all supplies for Mata-
' rnoros." Now, sir, I have 110 hesitation in say-
ing, there is not a civilized nation upon earth that
would not have regarded these acts of our army, if
done towards them, not merely as provoking war,
but as actual roar. The next letter of General Taylor
bears date April 23,1846, in which he says: " With
' a view to check the depredations of small parties
' of Mexicans on this side of the river, Lieuten-
' ants Dobbin, 3d infantry, and Porter, of the 4th
' infantry, were authorized by me a few days since
' to scour the country for some miles, with a select
' party of men, and capture or uemroy any such
1 parlies as they might meet. It appears that they
' separated, and that Lieutenant Porter, at the head
' of his own detachment, surprised a Mexican camp,
' drove away the men, and took possession of their
' horses." This was, I believe, the first hostile
meeting of the military forces of the two Govern-
ments.
The President says Mexico " commenced hos-
tilities." General Taylor says, that by his order
" Lieutenant Porter surprised a Mexican camp,
' drove away the men, and took possession of their
1 horses." I think no man will doubt that these
acts of our troops were hostile acts. Yet we have
in this same letter of General Taylor the official
declaration, that " notwithstanding the alternative
of war presented by General Ampudia, no hostile
movement had yet been made by his force." Now,
does General Taylor tell truth? If so, the Presi-
dent's assertion mus£ be untrue, and those who
confide in its accuracy will be deceived.
On the 26th April, General Taylor again writes:
" I regret to report, that a party of dragoons sent
' out by me on the 24th instant to watch the course
' of the river above on this bank, became engaged
' with a very large force of the enemy, and after a
' short affair, 111 which some sixteen were killed
'and wounded, appear to have been surrounded
' and compelled to surrender." He further adds:
Hostilities may nolo be considered as commenced."
For thus attacking a superior force of Mexicans
without orders, we are informed that Captain
Thornton, who commanded the dragoons, was
arrested and tried by a court-martial; and the
record of that proceeding may now be found in the
War Department. Thus it appears, most conclu-
sively, that the assertions of the President, that
" the war was not provoked by the United States,"
and that "Mexico commenced hostilities," are un-
founded and untrue. Sir, I feel that the duty of
exposing these misrepresentations of the Execu-
tive is unpleasant, but it is nevertheless impera-
tive.
In order to sustain his important assertions, the
Executive enters upon a most extraordinary argu-
ment to show that the " Rio Grande" is the true
western boundary of Texas. But before I proceed
to expose the sophistry of that argument, and the
further misrepresentation of facts connected with
it, I will call the attention of the House to the
geographical situation of the country, and to the
location of the settlements " between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande." At Corpus Christi being
on the west side of the mouth of the Nueces, is a
settlement and a Texan custom-house. As you
ascend that river, you find within its immediate
valley occasional settlements; and although the
original line between Texas and Coahuila was es-
tablished upon the river Aransas, being some forty
miles east of this valley, yet the people on the
Nueces united in the Texan revolt, and were asso-
ciated with those of Texas in forming their Gov-
ernment. It may therefore be said that Texas
extended her conquests so far as to include these
settlements on the Nueces. Proceeding west of
this valley, you enter a barren desert of at least a
hundred miles in width, on which there is no hu-
man habitation. Leaving this desert, and descend-
ing into the valley of the Rio Grande, you come
to the Mexican settlements. Immediately on the
coast, and some miles east of the mouth of the Rio
Grande, is the post of " Brasos Santiago," at>
which there was a Mexican custom-house and set-
tlement; and, as you ascend the river, for more
than a thousand miles, you find plantations, towns,
villages, and cities, composed of persons born
under Mexican laws, and who have always lent a
willing and unfaltering support to that Govern-
ment. These settlements compose a part of four
Mexican States: Tamaulipas lies upon the Gulf,
and formerly extended across the Nueces to the
Aransas; but, as before stated, the settlements in
the valley of the Nueces united with Texas, and
therefore her present eastern boundary may be
said to be on the desert heretofore described. As-
cending the Rio Grande, you pass from Tamauli-
pas into Coahuila, then Chihuahua, and then into
New Mexico—"Santa Fe," the capital of the last
named State, being situated some thirty miles east
of the Rio Grande, which the President represents
as the western boundary of Texas. I must pass
over some of the arguments of the President, used
to establish the Rio Grande as the boundary of
Texas. They have been so often refuted, that I
should trespass too far upon the patience of the
House were I to occupy time in exposing their
fallacy; still the President seems to think that rep-
etition will give them theforce of truth. Thepre-
tence setup, that we had title to the whole country
east of the Rio Grande prior to our treaty with
Spain in 1819, by which we released all claim to
it, can have no possible bearing upon the bounda-
ries of Texas, which were defined by legislative act
I in 1834. By the treaty with Spain, we surrendered
to her all claim to the territory west of the Sabine;
and she released all claim to her territory east of
that river, including Florida. Now, if that treaty
be valid; then we have no possible claim to any
portion of the country west of the Sabine. If it
be void, then Spain has a just title to Florida
The argument is too absurd for serious refutation,
yet it is brought forward for some purpose.
But the President, speaking of the Rio Grande,
says:
"The republic of Texas always claimed this river a* her
western boundary, and m her treaty made with Santa Ana,
in May, 183o, he iecogm ed it as such."
Gentlemen should understand that the republic
of Texas did not exist until she declared her inde-
pendence; prior to that time it was the dtpartment
of Texas. When, theiefore, the President says,
" the republic of Texas ahvays claimed this river
as her western boundary," he means merely that
it has been so claimed since the republic of Texas
has existed, that is, since 1836. I will not charge
him with an intention to deceive his readers by the
use of such language. As to the treaty with Santa
Ana, I only wish to say, that any agreement or
compact may be called a treaty, whether made
between individuals or governments. It is in this
view of language that the President speaks of the
agreement with Santa Ana as a treaty. It was
