1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Gid dings.
thousands in this Government and in Mexico have
been clad in mourning, and afflicted with the loss
of husbands, brothers, and sons. And can we
hope to escape the penalty so manifestly due for
our national crimes* Do we expect that the im-
mutable law of justice will he suspended or repeal-
ed, in order that our nation may pass unpunished?
Sir, I would earnestly invoke every preacher of the
gospel, every professor of our holy religion, every
lover of his country, to put forth his utmost influ-
ence to stop this tide of crime, of physical and
moral death, now rolling over Mexico.
But a most interesting question is soon to be pre-
sented to the members of this body. We shall m
a few days be called on to provide the means for
carrying on this war; to authorize the sending of
more troops to that Mexican golgotha, and to ap-
propriate the money of our people to continue the
crimes and murders now committed there. Sir, I
speak for myself and for my constituents, when 1
say, that no earthly power will induce me to vote
away the life of a single soldier to carry on this
attempt to subjugate Mexico, by butchering her
people. No, sir; were I to do it, my people would,
in my opinion, immediately ca4 on me to resign
my spat here, that it may be filled by erne who
would use his efforts to lustrato them nx>m the
guilt of this unholy war. I am aware that many
of my political friends voted for the appiopriations
demanded at the last session. That vote was
given under peculiar circumstances. "We were
not allowed time to compare views, or to discuss
the propriety of the measure. Our troops were
said to be surrounded by the Mexican forces, and
liable to be cut off. I therefore can easily see why
gentlemen should then differ in opinions on the
subject. But we are now placed under different
circumstances. Our army having conquered one
city after another, and one State after another, is
now in the interior of Mexico, holding possession
of her towns and States. We know that it is a
war of conquest, commenced and carried on for
the purpose of dismembering Mexico. Now, with
all these facts before me, were I to vote for the
appropriation of men and money to continue this
wicked and murderous war, and to carry out these
designs, I feel before Heaven that I should make
myself a party to it. I feel that I should become
involved in the crimcs and bloodshed of those we
send there. That act must be done by others, if
done at all. I dare not participate m it. I am
aware that some who view the war as I do, urge
that as the nation is now engaged in it, we ought
to help to carry it forward by voting supplies of
men and money. 1 do not see the force of the
argument. If it be m fact u wicked and unjust
war, it follows, that the longer it is carried on the
greater will be the wickedness and the injustice of
those who continue it. But it is said that to press
the war with vigor will be the shortest mode of
obtaining a just and honorable peace. Jf the war
be unjust and dishonorable, I am wholly unable
to discover how a vigorous prosecution of it, and
a consequent increase of injustice and wrong, can,
in the nature of things, be right or proper. On
the contrary, every pang we inflict, every life we
sacrifice in this miserable war, must increase our
guilt, and consequently our disgrace. There is
but one way for the friends of our country and of
humanity to do; that is, to use our efforts to stop
the war, to withdraw our army from Mexican
territory, and to tender to her honorable terms of
peace. If then she rejects our offer, and assails
us, there will be but one voice and one mind on
the subject of defending our country. I am aware
that it is said by some that the war is popular. I
know that to be an error, so far as concerns north-
ern Ohio, and such portions of other States as I
have travelled m since this war has existed. Its
advocates are few, and they are daily becoming
Jess. The people can find no possible reason why
their moral purity should be sacrificed by its
crimes, or their pecuniary interests to its support.
They can see no good cause why a debt should be
contracted that shall rest upon then* children, and
perhaps upon their children's children. That this
feeling has taken deep hold of the public mind, is
shown by the result of the late elections. That
feeling is destined to extend and spread, until those
who brought this war upon us shall be driven from
the high piaces of the nation. But it is said that
we must press the war or surrender up the con-
Ho. op Reps.
ij quests we have made. I reply, those conquests !
are robbeiies, and the sooner they are given up j
jj the better for our countiy. When, in 1776, such !
jl an argument was advanced in the Bouse of Com- i
■' mons, in regard to the war then waged against our
i| colonies by Great Britain, Mr. Fox said:
| "The noble lord who moved the amendment «al<l that we
i weie in the dilemma of conquering or abandoning America,
j If we aie reduced to that, I am foi abandoning America."
j I, sir, am for abandoning Mexico at once. Let
i our troops be withdrawn immediately, and let
j peace be made. But the President informs the
| nation, that the war will be pressed until Mexico
• shall yield to our demands! Mr. Bui ke, in answer
| to a similar remark respecting the war against us
; in 1776, in the House of Commons, said:
u You simply t,jll the colonists to lay down their
j and tin,n you will do ju^t as jou please. Could the most ,
1 cnicl conquer oi say less? Had you eonqueied the devil 1
| hun-elf m hell, could )ou be less hbeialNo."
! [ would change the language, and inquire, could '
I the devil himself offer more revolting terms? Be- :
; 'neve you that Mexico will treat with us at the '
! point of the bayonet ? Are eight million? of free-
! men thus easily lashed into submission ? Sir, were
I I a Mexican, as I am an American, I would never
_ yield while a foreign soldier remained upon the
,j soil of my country. But 1 am admonished that
;l my brief hour is nearly exhausted. I wish to say
,« to our Whig friends, that the course and conduct
' which I have presciibed for myself in regard to
| this war has the high sanction of the Whigs in
j the British Parliament, when that nation waged an j
!l unjust war against ourselves. They, sir, exhib- j
,j ited no timid policy, no faltering in the coursc j
j> which they thought duty required them to pursue. |
1 will give some extracts from the debates in both
i| Houses of Parliament during the war, and should
II I ever write out my remaiks, I may furnish more j1
than I now have time to read."*
I; On the 14th May, 3 777, Mr. Burke, in the House
,i of Commons, declared that—
,! u Hi- wa<, and ever would he, iead\ to suppott a just war,
1 whethei against sublet t< or ah"n phhhh'c ; hnt where pi°
'' tice, or a color of justice, was wanting, he should ever be
, the lii^t to oppose it."
■ I Mr. Wilkes said:
" I call the wai with our brethren in America f.n unjust, !
| fWoinou-. wai. * * "* * * 1 utt-m that it a inur- ;
| d.-M<JiH war, because it is an effoii to deprive men ol their
i lives, for standing up in the justcau^c of the defence of their :
. pioperty and their clear right*. It becomes no less a inur- '
\ derous war with respect to many of our fellow-subjects of j
; this island ; for every man, either of the army or navy, who N
j has been sent by Government to America, and fallen a \ic- I,
j tim in this unnatural and uiijit>tconte -f, has, m mv opinion, !|
been murdered by the Administration, and his blood lies at
} their door. Such a wai,I feai, sn, will diawdovvn the ven-
J geance of Heaven upon this devoted kingdom." ,
I * In tins debate in the House of Lords on the adriiess of m
j thanks, in October, 1797, after the battle of Lexington and 1
!i Bunker Hill, the Duke of Giafton said: I
'! " I pledsji* myself to youi loidships and my countiy, that !
jl if necessity should require it, and my health not othciwiae ,
permit it, f mean to come down to this House in a litter, m |
ordei to evpnss my full and heat ty disapprobation of the j1
measures now pursuing, and, as ] understand from the noble i1
! lord-s in office, irieant'to be pursued. I do protest, that if,
| my hiotlicr or dearest tnend weie to be aliect"d by the vote |j
1 I mean to give this evening, X cannot po.-sib!y rc-i^t tin* |
faithful discharge of my conscience and mv duty. Were I •
,j to lose my fortune and every othei thing I e-teem, were J }t
i' to be reduced to bes^aiy itself, the stionsj conviction and ]l
i compulsion at once operating on my mind arid eoiifcjence '
j would not peimit me to take any other p.nt on the piesent !
! occasion than that I now mean to adopt." j
I In the Lords, May 28, 1777, Lord Chatham brought for- i
> ward a motion to put a btop to American hostilities, and ;
I; said:
i " We have tried for unconditional submission ; try what '
j can be sained by unconditional redress We are theatres- ■
'' sors. We have invaded them. We have mv.ided thorn as
' much as the Spanish armada invaded England. * "l 1
! * y •* * * * In the sportsman's h
j phrase, when you have found youiself at fault, jou inu-t
try back. I shall, no doubt, hear it objected, ' Why should
;! we submit or concede ? Has America done anything on her :
: ■ part to induce us to ayree to so lai«c a ground ol concession.^ ,
:> I will tell yon, my lords, why I think you should. You have !,
: been the aggressors fioni the beginning. If, then, we are the j
' aggressors, it is your lordships'business to make the liist i
oveiturc. I say again, thi< country has been the aggte^sor. h
!. You have made descents upon theii coasts; >ou have burnt
j; their towns, plundered their country, made war upon the ,
1! inhabitant^, confiscated their pioperty, proscribed and im-
1 prisoned their persons. 1 do, therefoie, afhim, that ln-tead
! of exacting unconditional submission from the colonies,
1 we should grant them unconditional redress. We have,,
'' injured them; we have endeavored to en-lave and oppress
| them. Upon this clear ground, instead of chasti-ement, they ;
| are entitled to redress. If I were an Amencan, as I am an !
' Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed in my countiy, ;
1 never would lay down my aims—ne^ci—never—nevei."
In the House of Lords, November, 1777, the
Duke of Richmond said:
'• Can we too soon put a stop to puch a scene of carnage ?
I know that what I am £Oui^ to say i  not fashionable lan-
guage ; but a time will come when every one of us must
act oitrit to Gid for Ins actions, and how can we justify
causing so m:in\ innocent lives to he IOst.?"
In the Commons, December 5, 1778, Mr. Hart-
ley, llie constant friend of America, brought for-
ward a motion—
That it is unbecoming i!k> ^ isdom and prudence Of Par-
' iiamcnf 10 pio. erd ,tn> fimhei in the support of this fruit-
; less, evp nsive, and destiudive w.ir, moie especially with-
: out nny «-pecuic tcriiH of accomjuodation declared."
Sir, these were the sentiments of the illustrious
, patriots of that age. They were under a mon-
■ archy—we hapjiily live in a republic. But they
certainly .-spoke moie fearlessly than we do. They
: looked to the g'loat principles of truth and justice,
' and acted under then- dictates. They felt no ap-
prehensions of popular disapprobation for acting
in favor of humanity. Upon this question of
making appropriations to cairy on (he war against
the colonies, Mr. Fox, in the 1 louse of Commons,
' Apiil 24, 1770, said :
" To the ie>ohmon-< he should give a fl.it negative, and
th.it not beeau-c of au\ puticular objection to the taxes pro-
po-.  d. (although it msyht be a ^ullicicnt yrounil tor urcing
man,',,) but hcc.iu^c he could not cons-cient.ousl\ agn-r to
' srrant any money tor «so de^nuetive, bo ignoble a purpose, ag
the carrving on a wat commcnecd unjustly, and Mjpporied
with no otner view than to the o.vtupation of freedom, and
; the vi.)lation ofcverv .social comfoit. Thi* he conceived to
be the ^nii-t hue of conduct to be ohsei ved by a member of
Pajlwmcnt."
; " OlonW B<irte followed, and adopjfd the phrase of Mr.
, Fo\,gi\inir his fl.tt negative to the icv<>intions,as they wcie
calculated to tav the bubjcct for an unjust puipo.=e."
; These were the sentiments of the most distin-
guished member? of the British Parliament—of
men whom we delight to honor. They, sir, were
" Wines,''* and, by ligidlv adhering to the dic-
tates of justice, by their uniform opposition to the
war, which they behoved wrong and unjust, tliey
sccuied the popular appiobation, com})elled the
'J'ones, the advocates of that unjust war, to make
peace with the colonies, and finally drove them
from power, and themselves assumed the control
of the Govtinnient. The people ever have been,
and ever will be, in favor of justice, and, although
an humble member of thixbs-dy, 1 will respectfully
, suggest, that were the Whigs of *46 to follow the
example of those in the British Parliament of '7fi,
a like result would follow. Indeed, I could as
soon doubt of my own existence, as I could doubt
! my duty in regard to this war. Those who op-
1 pose it, will stand justified and approved by the
sentiment of this and of coming ages. It is impos-
sible that a Christian people—a people who worship
a God of jutttico—can uphold a rapacious war of
conqucst like this, and spend their money in
spreading distress, devastation, and death among
a neighboring people.
1 had intended to have noticed that part of the
message which speaks of the annexation of Texas,
but my time is too far spent to enter upon it. The
" In the JoOuN, Felnuaiy 16, 1/78, the Majquis of Rock-
ingham '•aid.
"IJ.' was determined to ^cive his country by making
peaec at any late
In fiie Loidi, Maieh 23,1*78, the Duke of Richmond
brought foi ward a motion tor the withduiwmg the lotces
trom Ameikm.
in the Commons-, November 27,1'RO.on a motion to thank
G< ueral Clinton and other-* lor llu lr mihtaiy &eivice3 in
America, Mi. U'ilko& Kitd :
" I think it my duty to oppo-e this motion, because in my
idea ewiy }Mri ot ir conveys an approbation ol the Amencan
war—a war unfounded in pnnciple,.and fatal in its const-
((uenees to tins country. ' v 5mi, I will not thank lor
vietoues which only tend to protract a do'truotno \vai. * *
As exertions of \alor and the wi-doni ot conduct wineli in a
good cause 1 warmly applaud. Thinking a* I do, f &ee more
matter of yuef than ol* tumnph, of bewailing than thanks-
givinp, in tlu«< < ivil contest, and the deiuye or blood which
ha^ overflowed Ameiira. "* f deeply lament that
tne Ju>tre ot such splendid victories is obseuu'd and dark-
ened bv the w ant of a i^ood cau.-e, wjtboutwlnch no war, in
the eje of truth and ieuion, helore God or man, can be jus-
tified."
Mr. Fo\ said .
" Ik* allowed the menN of the officers now in question,
but he made a distinction between thanks and ptaise. He
nn«ht admire their vaior, bnr he could not separate the in-
t« ntion fioin the action ; they were united m hi- mind
fn the House of Lords, October 31st. the Duke of Grafton
* " He pledged himself to the House and to the public, that
while he l.a'd a leg to stand on, he \AOtild come down day
af,ter dav to express the mo&t marked abhorrence of the
measure'*: tnthcito pnisucd, and nicant to be adhered to in
jcspect to America."
