84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. IG,
£9th Cong...,.2i> Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Woodward.
Ho. of Reps.
face it and meet it, with all the responsibility about
it. I thought that amendment premature, because
I could not see for myself how it could affect any
treaty that might be entered into between Mexico
and the United States. That was a matter among
ourselves—a domestic, not a foreign question—a
question with which foreign Powers had nothing
to do. In the acquisition of this territory, if we
shall ever treat for it with Mexico; if it shall ever
be ceded to the United States by treaty, the ques- I
tion^of the "peculiar institution" of the South !
never can arise between that Government and this, j
or with any foreign Power on earth. It is a qucs- ,
tion of our own: it is a question of domestic im- j
port, and I will say here to De decided, by votes ;
upon this floor; and if the South carr^ it by a ma- 1
jority of votes, they shall have it in their own way, J
and we will live up to it as sacredly as we live up j
to the compact of the Constitution in regard to the j
subject.
But the question is to be met. My opinion is, i
that the true time to meet it is, when the territo- j
rial laws are extended over this territory. Then j
the discussion properly arises; then the question j
must come up. It ought then to come up, because, \
if at the time of extending territorial laws over it, i
we declare slavery shall not exist m that territory, i
but that it shall remain forever free, then undoubt- !
edly, when admitted into the Union as a State, it ;
■will come in as a free State, and slavery be forever j
excluded; but if, on the other hand, slavery is I
permitted to exist in the territory up to the tune j
she knocks at our door and seeks to be admitted
into the United States os a State of this Union, (
why the result will be precisely the same that it j
was in the case of Texas. Slavery existed in j
Texas, and we could not take it without *Livcry. \
Rather than not have it come into the Union—
rather than have it a dependency of Great Britain,
or an independent inferior Power .upon our border i
—we preferred to take her as she was, and never ,
allow the abolitionists of the North to disturb the ,
thing, but leave it to time and their own good 1
judgment to determine when the matter shall be
changed. When at the last session this House
passed a bill extending our laws over Oiegon,
this provision was inserted in that hill; then was
the time to do it. When we come to extend teni-
torial laws over California, as wc undoubtedly will
in process of time, then will this provision be
attempted to be inserted in those laws, and 1 have
no doubt it will be carried.
These are mv opinions: and I again iep<\it, th.it ■
the people of tfie United States, and the President '
of the united States, are determiner} to prosecute
this war, with the utmost vigor, to an honorable
termination; and they will contend and insist upon ;
the Californias as a permanent acquisition of terri- |
tory to the United States, to be admitted as States !
of this Union whenever I he time shall arrive, and i
the population and circumstances of the country l
shall justify. In voting appropriations to carry
on this war, I would prefer that this question—this ;
Wilmot amendment—should not be inserted, be- 1
cause it appears to me to be premature, (yet that ,
is but a private opinion of my own;) but if the >
amendment be moved, and 1 be called upon to 1
vote, (and I shall vote, for I certainly shall not I
dodge any question upon this floor,) I will vote !
for it, hit or miss, sink or swim. I must, in defer- i
ence to the public sentiment of the North whence
I come, vote for it in every stage of legislation in
which the question shall meet me fairly m the face.
J do not believe, injustice to my southern friends, !
that they desire to extend slavery over an inch of i
territory on this continent, or on this world, where i
it does not now exist. 1 have been taught to be- i
Heve, and 1 do believe, that they regard it as an :
evil not easily to be got rid of; that it is an evil j
that exists in their bosom, without any guilt of1
their own. I have been taught to believe, from ■
the speeches of southern gentlemen, that this is i
the fact: slavery was introduced into this country j
when we were colonies; it was brought here with- :
out any fault of ours; and that they regard it :
as an evil that must be borne, because the time i
has not come when the country is to be nd of this I
foul blot and withering curse. I may be mistaken, j
It may be that they wish to extend this institution— j
not only to perpetuate n in the States where it exists, I
but to extend it indefinitely to territory now fiee, I1
hereafter to be acquired, and added to this Union. 1]
I do not believe it; and I am inclined to think that
a majority of the people of the South this day -if
their opinions weie candidly told on the subject—
would be in favor of making California and New
Mexico—ay, the whole of the Mexican territory~-
free and independent as the North itself. And it
is for their interest to have it so.' they miscalculate
their own interest if they think otherwise. The
North will protect them in the day and hour of
trial and trouble; so would these free States of the
South—of* California, New Mexico, &e. The
world may turn upon the institution; the world
may undertake to stir up the elements of discord;
yet I say the freemen of the North will stand by
the South and all her rights on this subject; the
freemen of the North will not consent that any-
thing shall disturb the relation of master and slave
in the southern States. But I do believe the free-
men of the North are equally determined they
will not pay taxes and send soldiers to fight and
conquer territory for indemnity justly due to this
(government, for the purpose of establishing or ex-
tending this institution thither; and the sooner this
question is met the better. I am sorry that this
question has been raised at all; but I have yet to
learn that the southern gentlemen on this floor,
when this proviso shall be offered, whether to a bill
establishing territorial laws or an appropriation
bill for the purchase of territory, will he found
voting with the Whigs against the one or the
other, because of this proviso that the territory
shall be free territory.
Now, I have it in my power to prove, and if
time permit, I will prove, that the Whigs on this :
floor, or some of the leading Whigs, are opposed 1
to the prosecution of the war and the conquest of j
California, because it is to be a free State and free j
tenitory. That is the ground of opposition to this ■
war on the part of some of the Whig's at least: and |
in proof of this I will read from the speech of the j
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] one of ;
the most eloquent, one of the oldest members on j
this floor, and known throughout the United States i
i as a prominent and leading Whig. He says:
' The President was going to conquer a vast region of
| country, Imger than all the old thirteen States, and add it to
! (his. Union. Did nnv man know what lie had intended to
1 do wilh the two millions of dollais he had a>ked the Hou<e
| to appiopiiate for contingent expenses? A pood Democrat
i had moved acelebiated iesolution on that occasion prohihit-
|   g the purchase of anv territory with the money, unless
1 Mavejy was to be excluded from it. Surely, the people
; nuM he mad, if they ^hut their eyes, to the beanu™ ol such
1 a le^ohifion. They were hound to anticipate the dangcis
which thieatened them, and to call the people to the rescue.
Their dearest mtei ests were about to be put in peril bv fools
and tiaitois. Would the Noithein States consent that
v|:ivi iv-houJd he e-tablishcd in these new provinces? Cer-
tainly not. Then we were to have at the extreme South a
cordon of free States. What would the present South say
to that?" |
TTcre is a ditcct appeal to the South, on the |
ground that the freemen of the North—the ftee !
States of the North—will not consent to this being
slave territory; and ominous of that, and prophetic ;
of that, he says, was the vote of a good Democrat (
who offered the amendment to the $3,000,000 bill i
prohibiting slavery in whatever territory may be I
acquired m this direction. And then, what is to be !
" put in peril by fools and traitors?" What is the
great danger, the great evil, the gieat ground of this
appeal to the South ? Why, that the northern
States would not consent that slavery should be
established, and that we were to have at the ex-
treme South a cordon of free States ! I want it to
go home to the North—to good Whigs in the North
—that it is a Whig policy in the opposition to the
prosecution of this war, to defeat the acquisition
of the Californias as a permanent addition to the
United States, because they are to form a cordon
of free States at the extreme South. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I tell the people of the North that I go
for the acquisition of California; and so far as my
vote, and my voice, and my opinions will go, it
shall be free territory, erected into free States; not
to destroy or interrupt the harmony of the slave
States in the South, but for their own protection.
The gentlemen dread Abolitionists on their south-
ern borders. Why, they would be as harmless in
the South as they are in the North. I would ask
them if the good old State of Pennsylvania—the
keystone of the arch, a free State where the Whigs,
I believe, are all Abolitionists, and where there are
more Quakers than in any other State in the Union
—if that State does not border on Maryland, a slave
State; and what harm has ever resulted to the latter
from the contact—a free State with a slave State ?
Again: let go a little further west; there we
have Ohio, where are found, T believe, the most
rabid Abolitionists in the known world, and this
jj State borders on Kentucky, a slave State; and what
11 harm has ever arisen to Kentucky from this con-
I] tact—this juxtaposition ? Why, none. The dan-
lj ger is the other way, Ohio is injured by the neigh-
borhood and connexion. In consequence of her
■! abolition doctrines?, she has absorbed the free
j negroes and the runaway slaves ofKentucky, and
I they are mixed up with her population, and Ohio
is injured. Kentucky injured ? No; Ohio is the
'! receptacle of all her free negroes, her manumitted
;! negroes, her runaway slaves; and they are a curse
:j to any community—the less you have of them the
;i better. And so it is the free States which arc
jj injured by contact with the slave States, and not
h the slave States with the free States.
Mr. GORDON was here cut off by the expira-
tion of his hour*
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. J. A. WOODWARD,
-of south carolina,
In the House of Representatives,
December 10, 1846.
The resolution of Mr. Garrett Davis, calling for
the orders or instructions of the President to the
military and naval officers of the United States,
in relation to the establishment of civil govern-
ment in the conquered provinces of Mexico, be-
ing before the House—
Mr. WOODWARD said:
Mr. Speaker: I regret very much that longer
time was not afforded the House to examine and
reflect upon thedocuments accompanying the Presi-
dent's Message, before we were called upon to ex-
press opinions and take action in reference to them,
I wish debate had not been forced upon us on a
mere resolution of inquiry, moved with a view to
possess the House of the facts. But, in anticipa-
i tion of the facts, every member who desires to
! speak at all, is called to say now what he may have
l to say, whether affirmatively or negatively.
| In regard to the principles involved in the mat-
| ters of fact, sought to be obtained by these resolu-
i tions, I apprehend much has been said on both
! sides of the question that cannot be sustained,
j The general subject requires to be considered
: under two distinct aspects—as raising a question,
\ first, under the laws of nations; and, secondly,
! under the Constitution of the United States.
I Whatever rights we may possess in relation to
| the reduced provinces of Mexico, they exist not
j by viitue of the Constitution of the United States,
j but by the laws of nations. These laws have no
! relation to local organization, but are indifferent to
| forms of government; being the same with refer-
■ ence to every description of government, or domes-
tic polity. Our Constitution, therefore, does not,
ard could not, confer upon this Government, or
any of its departments, any other international
rights than such as every member of the family of
notions may claim; nor disburden us of any of the
duties and obligations which all other nations owe,
the one to the other. Thei e is one great international
constitution and code far vs all. Let us consider,
for a moment, some of the rights and obligations
springing from this code, involved in the first
branch of our inquiry.
And I must here dissent from certain proposi-
tions laid down by my colleague [Mr. Rhett] with
so much emphasis, and discussed with so much
zeal. Some of his grounds were correct; but
others I cannot account for, except upon the sup-
position of his having spoken impromptu, and
without premeditation, as he appeared to do. IVIy
colleague says that the authority of the President
over the conquered states of Mexico is absolute
and unqualified : that he can do whatever seems
meet m his own eyes—cut off heads, if he chooses 
and is responsible to no one for what he does, his
authority being that of the sword; that we owe no
obligations to a hostile nation; and that it is absurd
to talk of the impeachability of the President for
anything done to the enemy. He did not mean
