1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
29th Co no 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Woodward.
Ho. of Reps.
that the President could do nothing morally wrong,
but only that he was not legally responsible for 1
anything he might choose to do. Now, sir, so far
from it being true that we owe no obligations to a ,
hostile nation, there is an entire system of obliga- '
nons we owe to none else than an enemy. All i
those obligations which result from the laws of!
war are binding on us only in a state of war; and !
these duties we are equally bound to respect and |
perform, uS the duties incident to a state of peace-, i
and we now owe all these to Mexico, and, I trust, 1
will not fail to discharge them. It is not the Presi- '
dent or Captain Stockton, in particular, who owes !
these duties, but the whole people of the Union— !
the entire Government of the United States, in all |
its departments. In regard to the matter before :
us, every question aiising under the laws of na- I
tions is a question between Governments—aques- '
lion between sovereigns—and all the attendant ■
responsibilities are their own responsibilities. And 1
it is the solemn duty of all servants of the people, ■
military as well as civil, to discharge those respon- ;
sibihties of their country, and scrupulously to
perform every duty intrusted to them, fur the non- '
performance of which the country would have to '
answer before the bar of the public opinion of civ-
ilized and enlightened nations. We uie not yet
the sovereigns of Mexico. She is still to us a for-
eign soveieignty, and, as such, though in hostile 1
relation to us, may claim at our hands every right !
incident to the laws of wai; claim of us, I say, and :
not the Piesident, who has no discretion to say i
whether we shall discharge the duties thus incum- j
bent upon us, nor any liberty to violate any that I
may fcave been committed by him: as I think, I
upon investigation, it will be found he has not. j
The second aspect, however, in which we arc '
to regard the general matter before the House, pre- i
aents a question under the Constitution of the !
United States, and with which the laws of nations |
have nothing to do, viz: Assuming our rights and !
duties m a state of war to be ascertained and i
agreed upon, how has our own Constitution dis- !
tnbutcd these rights and duties among the depart- i
merits of Governmental home? What portion has i
been allotted to this depaitmcnt? what to that? ;
what to the other? And on this point I promise
my remarks* shall be brief and condensed.
The Constitution has carefully drawn the dis- j
tmction between mere hostilities nnd war, and
made them two separate and distinct things. And -
in relation to them, it has, by distinct and separate !
provisions, created two distinct and separate pow- j
ers, and conferred these several powers upon two '
distinct and separate departments of the Govern- 1
went—the Legislative and the Executive. The !
power intrusted to the Executive is, to employ the j
military arm of the Union in repulsive and defen- j
sive war; to practise hostilities; to make battle, in 1
order to repel or prevent invasion; and this power |
the Executive exerts, under the Constitution, in !
his coordinate capacity, and independently of Con- !
gress. The other and greater power, to create the \
regular legal state and relation of war as between !
sovereigns, with all its legal effects and eonsc- !
quenc.es, both as regards the hostile nation and all I
other nations, the Constitution has jealously com- !
mitted to the hands of the Congress; and upon con- i
siderations of the greatest possible moment. The '
power intrusted to the President of the United
States (and, by-the-by, every Governor of a State ,
has a similar power) is a provisional power, which 1
he may and even must exercise upon emergencies, '
until competent authority shall declare war. But :
when that paramount power has spoken, all Execu- ■
tive power ccases. The President nasnotbing to do
with the declaring of war, save the power of veto, ■
which is a universal power, applicable to e\ery act :
of Congress. When war has been actually declared :
by law, the President is at once (so far as con- ;
cerns the war) resolved into a mere military officer, j
He becomes, ex officio, generalissimo of the,army, i
and his power, as such, is to be sought, not in the i
Constitution,as my friend from Virginia [Mr. Sed- i
don] supposes, but m the military law of the land.
The Constitution does nothing more than designate '
him as the person who is to stand at the head of !
the army and navy. Pie, himself, exists by the i
Constitution, but his powers exist by law, and are 1
by no means above the law. The authority he is j
to exercise is precisely what General Scott would
have, were he the constitutional head of the army.
! He is, 1 repeat, purely and exclusively, a military
j officer, so far as war is concerned: made such for
i no other purpose than military purposes; to fight
I and vanquish the foe of the country, and for that
J purpose to invade his territory, and reduce him to
i submission. But, Mr. Speaker, the war is our
; war, and not the President's; its ends and pur-
j poses are our ends and purposes; the army engaged
! in it is our army; and the generalissimo of that
I army, though designated by the Constitution, is
our generalissimo; and in that capacity, like every
I other military officer, wholly subordinate to Con-
- gress, and to the civil authority of the land. Sir,
. the President, who is commander-in-chief of the
; anny and navy of the United States, is not that
i political President who approves or vetoes your
! bills; who receives foreign Ministers, and sends
, corresponding ones abroad; who nominates federal
' judges and other high officers of state, and, by and
I with the advice and consent of the Senate, makes
treaties. He is commander-in-chief of yourarmies,
■ and only that; and, as such, is, under the Consti-
i tution, divested of his political coordinate relation
; to Congress. 1X0 military authority in this land
is coordinate with ihe civil, hut is everywhere,.
! and to all intents and purposes, Mtbvrclhuiiz. Sii,
the Constitution might ha\e designated you, the
Speaker of this House, or the President of the
Senate, as commander-in-chief of the army, just as
well as the President; and, in that case, cither of you,
though without any political authority whatever,
would yet have possessed all the military power
the President has. So that the civil and political
functions, m which he cooperates with the other
branches of the Government, add nothing at all to
his authority as a military officer.
What, then, ate the poweis and duties of the
i commander-in-chief of the army? In the first part
[ of my remarks, I have already stated, to execute
i the war; to fiftht the enemy; invade his territory,
| and reduce him to submission. But who is the
, enemy } The hostile sovereign, his army, and the
' peoole who gi\e him succor; and not peaceable
j inhabitants, who have made no resistance, hut
I submitted themselves, and taken protection. SiKii
1 inhabitants, in case of a permanent conquest, might,
under some circumstances, be required to receive
law from the conquering so\ereign, but the mihtaiy
commander has no civil authority over them.
Having briefly summed up the powers of the
military chief, let us next inquire what are his
duties under the laws of nations; or, I should say,
rather, the duties of this Union; for they are in-
j cumbent on the Congress, tiie Representatives of i
j the American States and people, and are commit- ,
' ted to the head of the army for their performance. I
, Whatever these duties may be, every military :
j officer, and the Piesident as chief among them, is
I answerable to the Union for their peiformance, and 1
t would be impeachable, as 1 maintain, in opposition
to my colleague, [Mr. Rtiett,] for wilful dcrelic- ,
tion. What, then, are these duties1 And this is !
j the main subject of inquiry.
1 The armies of the United States, having invaded ,
■ and occupied a peaceful province of a hostile sov- ,
i ereign, and ejected him therefrom, and substituted ■
our authority in lieu of his, the laws of nations
impose it upon us to take the place of the expel ;
led' sovereign to the extent that the process and
administration of government make it necessary. |j
Having driven away thf1 natural political parent, wc ■!
i stand to thom in loco parentis. The Piesident is !
bound, in short, to see that the laws are faithfully
' executed, so far as such supervision was made
indispensable by the new state of affairs. That 1
was the duty of the natural sovereign; and the ,
. President, standing in the place of that sovereign,
is, on our behalf, bound to do the same. He has
1 no authority to make laws: to establish new politi-
cal relations among the people; to disturb vested ,
rights, or any other rights. He is to sec that e.v-
1 isting; laws are executed. He is to have executed
those same laws which the President of Mexico
; would have had executed, had he not been dis-
! placed and superseded. And as this is matter of ,
j duty, rather than right, it is, of course, meant, that
I he go no further than has been made necessary by
1 the&deficient state of executive authority m the
, country.
i In relation to what has been said, let me refer |
I you to some passages in Vattel: j
« J3ut if the conqueror thinks proper to retain the sover- !
eigiuy of the conquered State, and lias a right to retain it
the same piincipie must determine the manner in wiuch
he is to treat the State. If it is against the sovereign alone
that he has just cause of complaint, reason plainly evinces
that he acquires no other rights by his conquest than such as
belonged to the sovereign whom he lias dispossessed. And,
on the ft'ilmii^sion of the people, he is hound to govern them
at cording to the la it's oj the State."
The author emphasises the last line, as I have
read it. But I will read another passage:
u The conqueror who takes a town or province from his
enemy cannot justly acquire over it any other rights than
puch as belonged to the sovereign against whom he had
taken up arms. War authorizes him to possess himself of
what belongs to his enemy; if he deprives him of the
sovereignty of that town or province, he acquires it, such as
it with all its limitations and modifications. Accordingly,
care is usually taken to .stipulate, both in particular capitular
tions and m tieaties of peace, that the towns and countries
ct'ded s-h.ill retain all their liberties, privileges, and immu-
nities. And why should they be deprived of them by the
conqueror on account of his quarrel with their sovereign
Now, if Vattel, and the despots under whom,
and for whom, he wrote, could thus put the ques-
tion, "Why should a people be deprived of their
rights because of a quarrel between their sover4-
ei^ns'" would it not be strange indeed, if we,
who assert the universal right of self-government,
should be the first to repudiate a distinction, thus
diawn between the sovereign and the people, the
object of which is to exempt them from his le-
sponsibilities ? Will it be admitted in this Hall,
that a writer, who was but the liege subject of a
monarch, has set up a standard of human liberty
too high for republicans to come up to? But let
us apply the doctrine in the passages read, to the
ease of our Mexican conquest—Santa Fe, for in-
stance, (and we shall see that the present case is a
i much stronger one than the strongest put by Vat-
! tel:) Santa Fe is not only an integrant part of the
| republic of Mexico, having (besides the individual
i rights of its people) its local institutions and federal
relations: a Legislature and laws of its own—but
; it is a soveicign State, with a complete and sys-
; tematic government; as sovereign as any State of
1 this [Tnion, and equally entitled to the privilege of
; self-government. If therefore we take Santa Fe
, from Mexico, we take her as we find her; we take
: her whole, and not in broken fragments; she having
'submitted without flung a gun, and her officers
! and people having engaged by solemn oaths,'not
to take up arms against the United States. But,
sir, the forcc of the argument is not felt. Accord-
ing to the doctrine just laid down, the entire Gov-
ernment of the United States, in all its departments,
and in the exercise of its highest functions of sov-
ereignty, could not, rightfully, disturb the social
order, and abrogate the laws of a submissive peo-
ple offering no resistance to our arms. How much
less could a single department of this Government
do it? and how much less still could a mere mili-
tary commander? To bring home the argument
to our understandings, let us reverse our position
in relation to the question. Suppose, for example,
war should break out between the United States
and France, and the State of Georgia should be
conquered and reduced to submission by the French
General. It might be competent to the head of
the invading army to proclaim the dissolution of
the federal relations of the State to this Union; for '
the Union is the enemy. He might assume to
( abolish the offices of Senator and Representative
; m Congress, and to cut with the sword every liga-
: ment that bound the State to his enemy, the Union.
! But mere military authority could do no more. It
could not disturb the, local laws and institutions,
supersede Governors, unbench Judges, dissolve
Legislatures, or remodel and reconstruct the social
■ system. The French sovereign himself could not
, rightfully do that, or claim to exert even the least
legislative authority until the conclusion of the
! war, or a treaty of peace, had confirmed him in
his conquest. "Some have dared," says Vattel,
" to advance this monstrous principle: That the
' conqueror is absolute master of his conquest—
' that he may dispose of it as his property—that
, ' he may treat ir as he pleases, according to the
' common expression of treating a Slate as a con-
i qv.ered country; and hence they derive one of the
' sources of despotic government. But, disregard-
' in"- such writers, who reduce men to the state of
i ' transferable goods or beasts of burden—who de-
4 liver them up as the propeity or pdtiimony of
; 4 another man—let us argue on principles counte-
' 4 nanced by reason and conformable to humanity."
