1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Gentry.
Ho. of Reps.
at some suitable period, when a tangible question
was before the House, to give my views somewhat
at large upon that subject. Lest I should be sus-
pected of being alarmed into silence, I speak now,
to show I am not afraid to speak. These are
terms which the Constitution employs to define
treason, and, in my opinion, the President, in ful-
minating that denunciation, imputes that crime to a
majority of the people of the United States. I am
one of those who believe that the war was brought
about by the President—by a violation of the Con-
stitution—for the purpose of conquest, and that it
has been prosecuted by him with a view to that
end. Entertaining these opinions, I feel it to be
my duty, under existing circumstances, to give
utterance to the convictions of my mind. The
imputation which the President has thought pro-
per to make, in his official communication to
Congress, was echoed and reechoed, upon this
floor, by his liegemen yesterday, in a way which
raises a strong presumption that there is a con-
certed purpose to frighten us, with a storm of de-
nunciation, from the independent discharge of our
duties as representatives of the people. We are
called upon to assert our rights, or basely Miccumb
to Executive intimidation. Our moral courage, as
well as our patriotism, are thus put upon trial. I
choose, therefore, to speak noio, although unpre-
pared for the debate, merely to exhibit my defiance
of these denunciations, and express the contempt
in which I hold.them. I choose to present myself
as a mark for them—to offer myself as a victim,
if indeed it be in the power of the President, and
the remorseless majority which  ustdins him, to
victimize those who claim to maintain freedom of
thought and freedom of speech, rights " dear to
freemen, and formidable only to tyrants and usurp-
ers." I speak to announce my opinions upon the
subject of the Mexican war, and assume all the
responsibility which ought to attach to the main-
tenance of such opinions.
When the nation is engaged in a constitutional
war, waged for constitutional purposes, I would
deem it proper to waive all discussion as to the
propriety of beginning the war, and, by united and
harmonious efforts, bring the war to an honorable
conclusion, and then hold the public functionaries
to a proper account. But this Mexican war is of
a character, as I will endeavor to show, which
ought to make it an exception to this general rule.
Our country, right or wrong," is a noble and
patriotic sentiment, when rightly understood and
properly applied. It is most grossly misapplied
when it is used as a sanction for the principle thq.t
a patriotic devotion to the country implies, neces-
sarily, a servile devotion to the President. On the
contrary, a state of things may arise—in my opin-
ion has arisen—when, to be true to the country,
patriotism demands opposition to the President. 1
Yes, sir, I contend that wo may be loyally and
faithfully devoted to our country, and yet opposed
to its President. But gentlemen have proceeded ;
in this debate upon the assumption that the PresS- 1
dent of the United States is the Government of the
United States, which is an assumption utterly at
war with the Constitution, and of most danger- i
ous tendency. They have read copious extracts
from the Law of Nations, defining the rights of ;
beliige.rant governments, to prove that the Presi-
dent has not been guilty of lawless usurpation in
overrunning, with theaimies of the United States, |
vast territories; organizing therein civil govern- I
ments; absolving the citizens thereof from their
previous allegiance—declaring them, by pvoclama- 1
tion, citizens of the United States*, and, by the 1
same summary process, annexing the territories
thus conquered to the United States. The law of
nations is but a set of rules or maxims, to which
nations, by their acquiescence, have given binding
force. Many, indeed most of these rules or max-
ims, had an existence before the Government of
the United States existed; and, in so far asj^ey 1
define the rights and powers of the chief rulers of
nations, they apply, for the most part, to mon-
archies or despotisms, whose sovereignty rests in
a single individual. The Government of the United 1
States is a republican Government, the powers of
which are defined by a written Constitution. That
Constitution, and the laws made in pursuance
thereof, confer upon the President all the power
which he possesses. He does not imbody the
sovereignty of the United States. He is not, as
gentlemen would seem, from their conclusions in
this debate, to assume, the Government of the Uni-
ted States. Therefore, the public law which de-
lines the powers and rights of monarchal rulers,
when engaged in war, do not apply to the Presi-
dent of this constitutional republic. Justly to claim
and exercise such powers and rights, he must act
with the sanction, and under the authority of the
Congress of the United States, the legislative
branch of the Government. He has audaciously
assumed thus to act without the sanction or au-
thority of Congress. He has, by his own acts,
as I will presently show, involved the nation in
war; whereas, for wise reasons, the power of
declaring war is vested, by the Constitution, in
Congress; and he has prosecuted that war fur pur-
poses not sanctioned or authorized by Congress.
He is, therefore, in the fullest sense of the term, a
lawless usurper. Yet, in view of these palpable
truths, men, forgetting that there are higher and
more sacred obligations than mere party allegiance
can impose, stand up here, in this Hall, conse-
crated to liberty, and justify and defend these fla-
grant usurpations, arguing that the President is the
Government^ claiming for him the poweis of an
absolute monarch, and joining with hun m denoun-
cing those who piotest against his usurpations as
ad\ ocatmg and adhering to the cause of the enemy,
and thus giving him aid and comfort. Although,
when, by the act of the President, a collision had
been brought about between the army of the Uni-
ted States and that of Mexico, we voted, on this
side of the House, with remarkable unanimity, for
a bill authorizing the President to receive fifty
thousand volunteers, and appropriating ten mil-
lions of dollars; although, when he called for vol-
unteers, the Whigs rallied by thousands around
the standard of their country, conscious that none
of the honors of the war would be conferred upon
them; although a large majority of the officers of
the regular army and navy—your commanders,
by sea and land, are Whigs; although they have,
in obedience to the commands of the President,
braved danger and death in every possible form,
and done all that brave men could do to uphold the
honor of the natiou; although thousands of them
have died in battle, or by the diseases of that cli-
mate into which they were prematurely marched
by his orders', yet, because wc will not fall down
and worship him; because we will not crouch, with
spaniel-like humility, at his feet, and whine an
approval of all his acts* we are met, at the begin-
ning of the session of Congress with the grateful
compliment from the President that we are traitors
to our country; and ins liegemen on this floor
catch up the foul and false imputation, and echo
and reecho it through these Halls.
It would seem that those who would win the
commotndation of the President and his supporters,
must rely upon deeds of mean servility, lather
than deeds of patriotism. They must serve the
President, instead of the country. They must
conform to that maxim of monarchical loynlry
which affirms that " the King can do no wrong."
If they dare to express a doubt of executive in-
fallibility, they must expect to encounter the thun-
ders of executive vengeance. This is the state of
things to which wc are lequired to conform our-
selves. Let those whose servility of soul qualifies
them for a tnsk so mean, go and truckle to the
President. On this side of the House wc think
we luive higher duties to perform, and a nobler
destiny to fulfil. One of those duties is to inquire
how it happens that the United States are at war
with Mexico? By whose act that war has been
brought about? For what purpose is it waged ?
Is it to conquer a peace ? What are to be the con-
ditions of that peace? How much of Mcxican
territory does the President intend to annex per-
manently to the United States? Will Congress
sanction such annexations? What are to be the
consequences of the war? How will it affect the
union of these States and the destiny of this Re-
public? How many millions of public*deht will
it impose? These arc high and grave questions,
which the free representatives of a free people
must inquire .into. To speak out fearlessly upon
these questions is the imperative duty of the rep-
resentatives of freemen; and to act firmly, wisely,
and patriotically, so as to put a limit to executive
discretion and usurpation, is a duty which they are
bound to discharge. And he who will shrink
from its performance, is better qualified to fi© the
slave of an Asiatic despot, than to be a Representa-
tive in the Congress of this free Republic.
I hold it to be the duty of Congress, so long as
the army of the republic is in the field by the sanc-
tion of the Government, to do all that is necessary
to sustain it, that its victories may maintain the
glory of the national arms. But it is a yet higher
and more sacred duty to guard and preserve with
sleepless vigilance the Constitution of the republic.
I repeat, that we may be loyal to our country and
yet oppose its President, whose ambitious schemes,
whose lawless usurpations, may make him a more
dangerous enemy to public liberty, than an hun-
dred well-appointed invading armies; for these
would be met on every plain, at every mountain
pass, and driven back from our borders. But who
will restore to us our Constitution and liberty,
when they shall be wrested from us ? History
tells of nations that have been free, and that have
lost their freedom; but it tells us also of exertions
and privations—of noble deeds of daring, in resist-
ing the encroachments of tyranny; it tells us that
they weie enslaved only when might prevailed over
right—numbers over valor and patriotism. Shall we,
the descendants of the Whig patriots of the Ameri-
1 can Revolution, tamely and silently yield up the
: Constitution of our country, the guarantee of our
| liberty, to be violated and trampled upon by a petty
; usurper, whose nomination for the Presidency was
| a political accident; which was met with sneers of
contempt by the most distinguished men of his
own party; and who, being President, possesses
not the high qualities, either of head or heart, to
command the real respect of the meanest minion
that shouts in his train ? No, sir; no. We would
dishonor the glorious name which constitutes our
designation as a political party if we were thus to
act. Our veneration for our fathers, our duty to
ourselves and posterity, our devotion to Ifberty—
every glorious recollection of the past, every high
hope of the future, forbid a course of conduct so
unpatriotic, so inglorious. In defiance of calumnies
and denunciations, from whatsoever quarter they
mav come, we will stiuggle to maintain the rights
of the Legislative branch of the Government, and
resist the encroachments and usurpations of the
Executive. We will, to the utmost of our power,
uphold the Constitution of our country, which we
contend has been violated by the President, in
making war of his own win, by his own acts,
without the authority or advisement of Congress,
upon which alone the Constitution confers the
power of declaiing war. The message of the
President, which dwells so much at length on this
subject, whilst it may deceive superficial observers,
cannot but be regarded by all sensible and unpre-
judiced minds as a u plea of guilty" to this charge.
He presents in formidable array a long list of inju-
lies and insults, running back to the beginning of
the existence of Mexico as an independent nation,
as if these constituted the cause of the present war.
These outrages weie perpetrated, when there were
men at the head of this Government quite as sen-
sitive of the national honor, and quite as competent
to maintain its dignity and rights as himself. Why
did they not recommend a declaration of war?
They were lovers of peace; they chose to negoti-
ate with Mexico for a peaceful adjustment of these
difficulties. Their efforts were successful. In
1839, Mexico entered into a treaty with the Uni-
ted States, by which she agreed to make reparation
for all the wrongs and injuries of which we had
complained. This treaty was afterwards, in 1843,
modified in some respects; and it is a fact, known
to the whole world, that the Mexican Government
was making extraordinary efforts—resorting even
to the extreme measure of forced loans—to comply
with the stipulations of that treaty; and that Gov-
ernment did not cease thus to exert itself to main-
tain its faith inviolate, until the friendly relations
between the two Governments were disturbed by
circumstances connected with the annexation of
Texas. Since then, Mexico has ceased to make
payments, according to the stipulations^ of the
tieaty. Why does the President go behind this
treaty to find causes for the existing war? It is to
mystify the public mind, and divert it from the dis-
covery" of the true causes of the war, and of him-
self as the author of it. The President knows that
his conduct cannot be justified, unless he can.make
it appear that the Rio Bravo del Norte (or Rio
