58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 16
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Gentry.
Ho. of Reps.
Gfanfle) was the established boundary between
Mexico and Texa<?, previous to the annexation of
the latter to the United States. The arguments
and facts which he employs for this purpose are
disgracefully absurd and insignificant, and can pro-
duce no effect upon men of sense, but to inspire a
feeling of contempt for him who could imbody
such stuff in a grave state paper.
This part of his message is hut an effort, by an
"artful perversion of truth—a disingenuous* state-
ment of facts—to make the people " believe a lie." i
He tells us that Santa Ana, in 1836, signed a treaty, j
which recognised and established the Rio Grande
as the boundary between Mexico and Texas. !
When Santa Ana signed that treaty he was in !
duresse—a prisoner of war—and believed himself,
in danger of losing his Jife. There is no principle {
of public law better settled, than that a treaty ;
signed under such circumstances, even by an abso- :j
lute monarch, would be invalid and of no effect, j
But if this were not true, it is obvious, from the j'
terms of that treaty, that its ratification by the 5
Mcxican Government was admitted, by the parties |
to it, to he necessary to make it binding. The j
Mexican Government promptly rejected it, It is,
therefore, invalid—dead—it is no treaty. Is it not a
shame, that the President of the United States will
insult the intelligence of Congress, and the Ameri-
can people, by referring to such a fact as proof
that the Rio Grande was the established bound-
ary between Mexico and Texas? He tells us
fuither, that "Texas, as ceded to theUmted States
£ by France in 1803, ha^ been always claimed as
* extending to the Rio Grande; that the Texas,
4 which was ceded to Spain by the Florida treaty
4 of 1819, embraced all the country now claimed
4 by the State of Texas between the Nueces and
' the Rio Grande." Why are these facts paraded
before Congress and the nation? The Texas,
•whose boundaries are now the subject of discus-
sion, is not the Texas which was claimed by
France before the Louisiana treaty, nor the Texas
which was claimed by the United States after that
treaty, nor the Texas which was ceded by the
United States to Spain by the Florida treaty, nor
the Texas which existed as a province of Spain
after that treaty; nor yet the Texas which consti-
tuted a part of the republic of Mexico, after that
republic had declared and established Us independ-
ence of Spam; but it is the Texas which arose in
rebellion against Mexico in J835, and which, de-
claring itself independent of that Government, ap-
pealed to the sword to make good that dclnration.
Her boundaries are determined by the limits of the
tei ritory which she conquered of Mexico, and over
which she extended the jurisdiction of her Gov-
ernment and laws; and when the President writes
in his message so much at length about the bound-
ary of any preexisting; Texas, he attempt* to mis-
lead the public mind by evading the true issue,
the determination of which decides the question,
whether the President, by ordering the army of
the United States to advance from Corpus Christi
to the Rio Giaride, opposite Matamoios, and con-
struct there Ratifications,and mount cannon point-
ing into the town, did an act which involved this
republic unconstitutionally in a war with Mexico.
If Texas, previous to her annexation to the United
States, had established the jurisdiction of her gov-
ernment and laws to the Rio Grande, the President
stands acquitted of violating the Constitution,
though the prudence and wisdom of ordering the
army to take position opposite Matamoros, under
the circumstances which then existed, might still be
questioned. But if, on the other hand, Texas had
not, previous to her annexation, established the
jurisdiction of her government and laws to the Rio
Grande, the sophistry and disingenuousness of the
President, and all his supporters,cannot redeem him
from the imputation of involving the nation in war,
by an act of usurpation—by a violation of the Con-
stitution. This is the true issue; and it is an issue
to which Mexico is not a party, as gentlemen
falsely assume. It is a domestic issue between
the President of the United States and the Ameri-
can people, and their Representatives, whose high-
est duty it is, to hold their President, at all times,
to a strict accountability, and take care of the
public liberty, by preserving the Constitution in-
violate. Was the Rio Grande the established bound-
ary between Texas and Mexico, when the former
annexed itself to the United States? The President
seems to be aware of the necessity of making it
so appear. He knows—he must know—that if
he cannot make that appear to be true, he will
j stand condemned by the judgment of the nation
for a violation of the Constitution; for all the evil,
for ail the blood and treasure, in shoif, for all the
consequences, of this war. £fc says, in his mes-
sage, 11 the Congress of Texas, on the 19th of
' December, 1836, passed an act to define the bound- .
' aries of the republic of Texas, in which they ■
' declared the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its ;
i source, to be their boundary; and by the said j
' act they extended their civil and political juris- ,
* diction over the territory and inhabitants west of
{ the Nueces;" and, after referring to various other ,
acts of the Texan Congress, by which (upon !
paper) it extended jurisdiction to the Rio Grande,
he proceeds to say, " this was the Texas, which,
{ by the act of our Congress, of the twenty-ninth :
{ of December, 1845, was admitted as one of the \
'States of our Union." Here the President in- ,
tends, doubtless, to be understood as asserting :
that the Rio Grande was the established boundary 1
of Texas when she was admitted as a State of ;
this Union. I deny that assertion, and will pro-
ceed to disprove it by irrefragable facts. Certainly, 1
such was not the fact when Congress passed the I
resolution which authorized Texas to annex her- I
self to the Union. Mark, if you please, sir, the 1
language of the resolution, and you will perccive i
clearly that the question of boundary was carefully i
reserved to be settled between the Government of
the United States and Mexico. I read from the
resolution of Congress:
Resolved bv the Senate and. Home of Representatives of the \
UnitedSt'itcsof Jlmericuin Congress assembled'VhutOongiess !
doth coufcm that the territory piopeilv included within, and !
n-rlilfulty h.-lonjansro, the ropublic ofTcxa-, inaj be erected ;
, into a new State, to be called the State of Texas with a i
jepublicnn form of government, to be adopted by the people
of said republic, bv deputies in convention assembled, with j
the consent of the existing Government, in order that the [
same mav he admitted as one of the States of thus Union. I
2. rfiid be it further resolved. That the foregoing consent
of Consjror-s 155 given upon the following conditions!, and with '
the following guarantees, to wit: Ftrc', said Sh'le fo be form- ;
edy subject to the adjustment by this Government of all ques- I
lions of bounduTu that may <xri c with other Governments. ;
Now, sir, I ask, if any man wilt pretend to say j
i that this resolution would have been thus worded i
1 if Congress had understood the Rio Grande to be
I the established boundary between Texas and ]
j Mexico 5 Could a resolution have passed which J
I assumed that to be the boundary? Does not the \
■ phraseology of the resolution clearly imply that it t
! was the opinion of Congress that there was a strip ;
of disputed territory—an undefined boundary-— •
between Mexico and Texas? and that, to avoid 1
war with Mexico, as a consequence of the annex-
ation of Texas, it was wise and prudent to reserve
to the Government of the (Jniied States the right
to settle that question of boundary, peacefully, by
negotiation ? Certainly these conclusions are clear-
ly deducible from the resolution, and fiom concur-
rent facts of that period, which now constitute a j
part of the history of the times. Mr. Charles i(
.Tared Ixgersoi.l, chairman of the Committee of j!
Foreign Aflairs, reported from that committee the j
resolution of annexation; and, during the debate
which occurred upon that subject in" the House,
he said:
"The stupendous deceits between the Nueces and the
Bravo [the Kio Giande or Del Noite] nveis, aie the natu-
ral boundaries between the Anglo-Savon and the M.ui-
ritaniau laccs. There ends the vallev of the We^t—thcre
Mexico begrn^. The we. beyond tire TJmvo, bearin th< M001-
it-h people and their Indian ass.-opiatec, to whom Mexico
properly belongs; who should not cro«s that vast desert, if
they could, as on our side we, too, ought to stop there; be-
cause interminable conflict* must en^ue fiom cither our
sroing couth, or their coming noi th, of Unit gigantic bomnlarv.
Win!* peace i- cherished, that houndarv'will be sacred.
Not till the spun of connu-vt limes, will the people on
either -,ide mo!e«t or mix With each other: and. whenever
they do, one 01 the other race must be conquered, if not
extinguished."
Mark the language, Mr. Chairman, and ponder
upon it. Js it (m the language of the honorable
gentleman) because " the spirit of conquest rages"
that we have crossed that line? I propose to ex-
amine that question presently.
Senator Ashley, of Arkansas, when the subject
was before the Senate, speaking upon resolutions
of annexation which he had submitted, said:
"The third speaks for itself, and enables the United States j
to settle the boundary between Mc\ieo and the United I
states properly. And I will here add, that the piesent
boundaries of Texa<, I learn from Judge El 11?, the President
of the Convention that formed the constitution of Texa-s, and
also a member of Che fir^t Legisiatuie under that constitu-
tion, weie fixed as they now are, [that is, extending to the
Rio Grande,] solely and professedly nith n 1 iew of having a
h rge margin in the negotiation u ith Mexico, and not with
the expectation of letaming them as thev now exist in their
statute book."
During the administration of Mr. Tyler, J. C.
Calhoun being Secretary of State, a treaty was
entered into between the United States and Texas,
by which Texas was annexed to the United States.
The Senate rejected the treaty, but not until after
a debate, in which all the distinguished men of that
body participated. Between the time when that
treaty was rejected by the Senate, and the adop-
tion, by Congress, of the resolution of annexation,
nothing had occurred to change the relative posi-
tion of Mexico and Texas with respect to bounda-
ries. During the debate in the Senate to which I
have referred, Mr. Bestow made a speech, from
which I extract as follows:
"The President, 111 his special message of Wednesday
last, informs us that we have acquired a title to the ceded
territories by his signatuie to the treaty, wanting only the
action of the Senate to pertcct it; and that, in the mean
time, he will protect it from invasion, and for that purpose
has dctachcd all the di^po^able portions of the atinv and
navy to the scene of action. This is a caper about equal to
the mad freaks with which the unfortunate Emperor Paul,
of Riusia, was accustomed to astonish Europe about foity
years ago Bv this declaration,the thirty thousand Mexicans
ji in the left half ol the valley of the Rio del Norte are our em-
.5 zens, and standing, in the language ot the President's rnes-
, | snace, in a hostile attitude towards us, an6 subject to be re-
|v lied a< invaders. Taos, the seat of the custom-house
| wheie our caravans enter their goods, is ours. Santa F£,
the capital of New Mexico, is ours. -Governor Ainiijo is our
1 Governor, and subject to be tned for tioason if he doos not
submit to us. Twenty Mexican towns and villages are ours,
and their peaceful inhabitants, cultivating their fields and
tending tln-ir flock^ are suddenly converted, by a stroke of
the President's pen, mio American citizens or Amencan
rcbeN. This is 100 bad; and nstead of making themselves
party to its enonmties, as the Pre>irtent invited them to do,
I think rather that it is the duly ol the Senate to wash its
hands of all this pan of the transaction, by a special disap-
piobation. The Senate is the constitutional adviser of the
Pres1de.1t, and has the light, if not the duty, to give hi in
advice when the occasion requires it. I therefore propose,
! as an additional resolution, appliahle to the Rio del Norte
| houndaiy only, the one which 1 will read and send to the
j Secret-uy's table ; and on which, at the proper tune, I shall
ask the vote of ihe Senate. This is the resolution :
I " <Resolved, That the incorporation of the left bank of the
1 4 "Rio del Norte into the Amniean Union, by virtue of a treaty
' with Texas, comprehending, as the said incorporation
; ' would do, apart of the Mexican departmentsof New Mexico,
1 c Chihuahua, Ooahuila, and Tamauhpas, would be an act of
'direct a<rjr|I's^ton on Mexico, foi all the consequences of
J < which the United States would stand responsible.' "
And in another speech, which he made upon a
. hill which he introduced providing for the annexa-
j ffon of Texas, he spoke as follows:
| " Rising as Mr. McDuffie Concluded, and taking up the
j last word* of Ins speech, Mr. Benton exclaimed : But with
tins pte.u difference! this great difference! that my hill
lefers the question of war to Congress ! where all questions
of war belong; and the negotiators of tliia treau made war
tlK'mM'lves 1 They, the Piesidcntaud his Secretary of sUate,
made the wat themselves, and made it imcon^titutionallv,
perfidiously, clandesrinely.and piiafteally. The s-eeret oidejs
to our auu\ and navy weie piratical, foi thev were without
law, to wavlay and atlaeka friendly power, with whom we
have a treaty of amity ; and, as u mcmbci of a court-martial,
I would sentence to be shot anv officer of the army or navy
who should dare to attack Mexican troops, or ships, or
cities, under that oidei."
After the treaty had been signed by the pleni-
potentiaries of the two Governments, Mr, Calhoun,
Secretary of State, wrote a letter to JMr. Green, our
charge at Mexico, from which I extract as follows:
''A tieaty for the annexation of TeYas to the United
htate* has been signed by tile plenipotentiaries ol" the two
(lovovni.ients, and mil he sent by the President to tiie Sen-
ate tor approval.
In making the fact known to the Mexican Government,
the President enioins it upon you to give it, m the first place,
uie !>t(insurance, that in adopting this measure, our
Go vtn nini'ii! is nc/vattd fry vo jeelinof disrespect orinditfer-
encp to the honor or dvpnty of Mexico, and that it u-ould he a
subject, of a,reat regret if it should be otherwise regarded bv Us
Government. * * < * **
"You arc enjoined also, by the President, to assure the
Mexican Government, that it is liis desire to settle all ques-
tions^pctween the two countries which may grow out of this
treaty, or any other cause, ox the most liberal axjd sat-
isfactory terms, inclcding that of boundary ; and
with that view, the minister, who has been recently
appointed, will be shortly sent, witii adequate
powers."1
After speaking further in a strain of apology to
Mexico, Mr. Calhoun proceeds to say: &
"Rut while it (the Government of the United States)
could not with a due regard to tiie safetv of the Union '' *
that, it has taken every precaution to make the terms of the
treaty as little objectionable to Mexico us possible - and
among others, has left the boundary of Texas without speciji
