1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$9
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Gentry.
Ho. of Reps.
cation, so that what the line of boundary should be, mi«hl be I
an open question, to he fairlu and fully discussed end t>ellled, j
according to the rights of each—the mutuul interests and sccu- ]
rity of the tusO countries." I
Mr. Chairman, I might proceed to multiply in-1
numerably, proofs equally conclusive upon the \
point which I am discussing;, to establish the posi- j
tion, that when the Government of the United j
States authorized the annexation of Texas to this
Union, it decided that the boundary of Texas was i
indeterminate a ad undefined, and that Texas had i
not, as the President tries to prove, established her !
jurisdiction to the Kio Grande. Even the gentle- !
man from Virginia, [Mr. S&ddon,] who argued '
with so much ability to justify the President, with ji
a truth and- candor which commands my respect I.
admitted this point. He says: I;
"But a bmall portion of it—the country south of the I
Nueces and near the mouth of the Kio Grande—im:l been >!
wider the actual dominion of Tcx.^, Uy eonuguou; to tici ^
settlements!, or had been inhahftf fl by citizens aekiu>wjed<$- \
mgher laws. That pottion m ght he leadily (nought undei i
hei jurisdiction. and us inhabitants recognised as citizens;
; nd aecoidmgly we find it loft by our coiumainUns to the
control of To.Xrtii authorities, and to the governance of hci
laws. No proflu-ional government was established there by ;
military authority. The icf-idue of the exteiw\t disputed
territory was far otherwise -itudtr-d. Remou*, -on.irated
from the settled portion of Texas by immense wane-5, or .
lugged mountain ranges, m the actual po-^e^ion of Mexican !
authonties, and, so far us inhabited at .ill, peopled bv ene-
mies, who did not admit the sovereignty of Tex«i&, and |
would not submit to her laws." I
And my colleague, [Mr. Stanton,] who&e per- j
sonal and political partialities impel him strongly
to sustain the President, could not bring himself
to maintain that Texas had extended her jurisdic-
tion to the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its
source; but he ti ies to draw a distinction, which is
not made in the argument of the President, be-
tween the upper and lower Rio Grande; and iuy
colleague, [Mr. Johnson,] in his speech of yester-
day, made the same admission- He said: <s The
4 Texas boundary had been left an open question.
* What were the necessary steps to he taken ? Ne~
* spoliation and peaceful overtures; and these meas-
* ures were taken. But Mexico refused all over-
4 tures. She refused to negotiate. What position
* was this Government then bound to maintain >
* Why, of course, to observe and to maintain the
* boundary as defined by the Government annex-
' ing herself to the United States; and that obliga-
1 tion the Government did fulfil." Admitting, for
the sake of the argument, that the Government of
the United States was bound to observe and main-
tain the boundary designated by my colleague, it
does not follow that the President could rightfully
and constitutionally do that which the Government
was alone competent to do. i repeat, that the
President is not the Government. Congress, by the
terms of the resolution which authorized the an-
nexation of Texas, in effect declared, that there
"Was a strip of territory between Mexico and Texas
which was the subject of dispute between those
Governments; that the boundary between them
was undefined—not established. And Congress
prescribed it as a condition to the annexation of
Texas that the Government of the United States
should have the right to settle that dispute—-define
and establish that boundary. There were two
modes by which this could have been constitution-
ally effected. By a treaty with Mexico, negotia-
ted by the President, and ratified by a majority of
two-thirds of the Senate; or, by the swoid—by
\var—by a formal and constitutional declaration of
war, which can only he made by the Congress of
the United States. The President, as my colleague
remarked, resorted to negotiation, which failed.
Why did he not then lecommend to Congress a
declaration of war? I am not the apologist of
Mexico, nor do I believe that the Government of
the United States was bound by any obligation of
justice to maintain for a term of years an army of |
observation on the border, waiting for Mexico to
make war or make peace; and if the President,
after failing to settle by negotiation the difficulties
between the two Governments, had recommended
a declaration of war, J am not prepared to say that
I would not have voted for it. I believe I -would
have voted for it, or for a resolution declaring and
establishing the boundary between Mexico and
the United States. But the President did not
choose to take this constitutional course; he re-
sorted to a more summary mode of settling the
difficulty. Congress had reserved to the Govern-
ment of the United Stales the right of settling the
question of boundary; the President determined to
settle it himself. With the exception of a small
settlement (embracing Corpus Christi) which had
cooperated with Texas in her struggle for inde-
pendence, Texas had never extended her jurisdic-
tion beyond the Nueces. The army of the United
States was posted at Corpus Christi. The Presi-
dent, without the sanction of Congress, ordered it
to advance across the disputed territory, and take
position upon its extreme verge on the Rio Grande,
opposite Matamoros, a distance of one hundred
and fifty miles from Corpus Christi; and as Gen-
eral Taylor advanced he found the Mexicans in
the quiet possession of their homes, and, in the
language of Mr. Benton, i( cultivating their fields,
and tending their flocks," and protesting through
their public authorities against the invasion of their
country. This was an act of war—an act tending
to produce war—an act which did produce war.
It was an act which resulted in a practical evasion
of the Constitution, which confers upon Congress
only the power to dcclate war. Thus, by an act
of usurpation, by a positive and palpable violation
of the Constitution, the President has involved the
nation in war; and we, the representatives of the
people, charged, from the nature of our functions,
especially with the duty of guarding the Constitu-
tion, are called upon to approve or denounce his
conduct. In iny opinion it would, indeed, be
"moral treason" not to denounce it—treason to
the Constitution—treason to the cause of liberty.
But it is argued on the other side of the House,
that those of ns on this side who voted for the bill
which recognised the existence of war with Mexico,
appropriated ten millions of dollars, and authorized
the President to receive the services of fifty thou-
sand volunteers, are estopped by that vote from
censuring or denouncing the President for his con-
duct in originating the war, or for the manner and
motive of its prosecution by him. This House
remembers, and the country remembers, the cir-
cumstances under which that vote was extorted from
this side of the House by a lemorscless and inex- I
orable majority. News had arrived that the Mexi- |
cans had crossed the Rio Grande in strong force, I
vastly superior in numbers to the little army of our !
Government, commanded by General Taylor, and
that this superior force had surrounded General
Taylor, who, with supplies of provisions only suffi-
cient to last him a few days, was fortifying oppo-
site Matamoros. Under these circumstances, a
bill was introduced here, with a preamble prefixed
to it, setting forth, that " whereas war existed by
the act of Mexico," &c., <fec., appropriated ten mil-
lions of dollars, and authorized the President to
receive into the service of the United States fifty
thousand volunteers. After unavailing efforts to
strike out the preamble, the previous question was
moved and seconded by the majority; and, with-
out being allowed a word of debate, we were forccd
to vote on the bill in the form winch I have de-
scribed. Not choosing to be placed before the
country in the position of refusing supplies of men
and money to rescue our gallant army from its
perilous position, we voted for the lull, protesting
against the preamble, and declaring the belief that
it asserted a falsehood. The Constitution confers
upon Congress the power to declare war, but this j
war was recognised) not declared. This plain state- !
ment of well known and incontrovertible facts will 1
satisfy every unprejudiced mind that, on this side ;
of the House, we acted under the pressure of a I
state of circumstances which left us nothing like 1
free volition; we were forced to vote for the bill [
with the preamble, or refuse supplies of men and ,
money to rescue the army. This is a sufficient !
answer to those who argue, that because under i
these circumstances wc voted for the bill, we are |
precluded from the right and duty of holding the 1
President to account for originating the war, by a
violation of the Constitution, and for prosecuting
it for purposes which have not been sanctioned by j
the Congress or people of the United States. The ,
President in his message says, " the war has not t
been waged with a view to conquest." i
Mr. Chairman, I do not believe this declaration I
of the President of the United States, and I feci it
to be my duty to express my disbelief unequivo-
cally. If any one thinks that, in making this de-
claration, I am withholding the proper "deference j\
and respect which ought to be extended to the "
Chief Magistrate of the nation, I hope I will be
excused when I present the array of facts which,
in my opinion, justifies my distrust of his sincerity;
and if these should fail to plead my acquittal,am
sure I will be pardoned for my doubts, when I
refer to another important transaction in which the
President bore rather a conspicuous part: I allude
to the difficulty between this Government and Eng-
and upon the subject of the Oregon territory.
Every member of this House will remember the
vehement earnestness with which the President,
in his message at the beginning of the last session
j of Congress, asserted the riglu'of this'Governnient
to the whole of Oregon, and the determination of
the Executive branch of the Government, to main-
tain that right. He recommended Congress to
adopt measures in conformity with his view®, and
his partisans denounced those who faltered or
hesitated,as wanting in patriotism. Distinguished
members of this House and the Senate, thus as-
sured by the President, zealously took position with
him for the " whole of Oregon oi none.'' During
the session, and, as I suppose, after it had been
satisfactorily ascertained that England was willing
to adjust the controversy upon the basis of the
49th parallel of latitude, a Dcmociatic Senator from
the State of North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,)
rose in his place, and gave an exposition of his*
views of the President's position, which was in
direct conflict with the idea that the President in-
fended to insist upon the extreme claim put forth
in his message; for he gave the Senate very clearly
to understand, tiiat the President was willing to
compromise upon the 49th parallel of latitude.
Every member who hears me will remember the
indignant reply of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hanneoan,] when referring to the suggestion made
by Mr. Haywood, that the President was willing
to compromise upon the 49th parallel, he said, that
if such was the fact, the President talked with a
forked tongue, and would be damned to an infamy
so deep that the hand of resin rection could never
reach him; and all will remember, that it was a
common, an universal rumor, in tins city, believed
by all, and contradicted by none, that the Secretary
1 of State, (Mr. Buchanan,) only a few weeks be-
: fore the proposition of the British Government
J was submitted to the Senate for its advice, said to
| a Senator who had taken position with the Admin-
i istration for the whole of Oregon, that he would
sooner lose his right arm than sign a (reaty com-
promising the controversy with England upon the
parallel of the 49th degree of latitude; and every-
body knows that the 54° 40' men'were constantly-
assured, and reassured, that the Administration was
with them, and would lftyke common cause, and
stand or fall with them, in contending for the whole
of Oregon up to 54° 40' of north latitude. But the
British Government submitted to our Government
a proposition to make the 49th degree of latitude
the boundary between that Government and the
United States in Oregon. What did the Adminis-
tration do? The President, in order to maintain a
show of consistency, sent the proposition to the
Senate, with a message, in which he said, in sub-
stance, that if left to his own volition he would not
accept the proposition of England; but that, upon
a question of so much impoi tance, he felt bound
to ask the advice of the Senate. He knew that
the Senate would advise the acceptance of the prop-
osition ; for it was a well known fact,uhat a'majori-
ty of more than two-thirds of that body were in
favor of adjusting the difficulty upon] the basis of
the 49th degree of latitude. Thus the President
and his Administration attempted tofescape from
the imputation of insmceVily and double-dealing.
Thus he sought to shield himself from the resent-
ment of those of his own friends whom he had
encouraged to take an extreme position, and whom
he had faithlessly abandoned. Subsequent to these
events, Mr. McLane, who was our Minister at the
Court of St. James, returned home, and on being
welcomed by his friends, responded in an address,
from which I make extracts, as follows:
lc F certainly could not have been induced to return to po-
litical hfe^as 'the representative of my country abroad, unless
I had been pemuadfid that, in the onsis t<> which you liave
referred, the, views of my own Government had bfjen entire-
ly consistent with such a settlement of the Oregon question
as ought to have secured an honor<ihle"peace, and unless I
had entertained the hope that I might he enabled in'some
degree to cooperate to that end."
And again:
