62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 16,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Kennedy.
Ho. of Reps.
that many of you voted for that war because you
had before your eyes the utter political extinction
of those who opposed the late war, and your souls
trembled at the thought of a like fate. It will not
do to tell the American people that you thought it
would take fifty thousand men and ten millions of
money to extricate General Taylor. No person
will believe that. And the conclusion irresistibly
is, that you now desire meanly to sneak out of the
consequences of your own act, and that act, too,
being, probably, the only one of your political
lives of which you have reason to be proud.
Well, in pursuance of our command, and with
a devotion and skill reflecting the highest honor ,
upon the President, as well as the officers and sol-
diers of our patriotic army, our victorious eagles |
have been planted upon nearly one-half of the
enemy's territory, carrying protection to the inof-1
fensive citizen, and death to the armed foe. Yet I
notwithstanding all this, in obedience to our irn- !
perative command, has been done, and well done,
what are we about—we who -represent the same
people whose rights and honor have been thus
gloriously vindicated? What are we, who declared
this war, now doing? Here we are in the second
week of this short session, denouncing the Presi-
dent for causing an unholy, impious, and vindictive
war, and cavilling and carping at the manner in
which he has protected the Mexican people who
have yielded to the resistless shock of our victori-
ous arms. Oh, shame! The very ashes of our
fathers cry out against us! Are wo, indeed, so
degenerated that we are afraid to meet the respon-
sibility of our own acts, and meanly attempt to
throw the responsibility on other shoulders?
There was a time, according to my reading,
when a portion of this policy was pursued by
those who preceded the gentleman's school of
politics. The Federalists, in 1812, opposed, de-
nounced, and vilified the Government, and those
who then administered it, in much the same terms
as those used now. But what was their fate ? The
virtuous indignation of a patriotic people consigned
them and their names to the eternal infamy which
their conduct so justly meiited. And yet their
conduct was honorable, when compared to the
conduct of those who voted for, and now oppose
this war. They opposed the war, from its incep-
tion; they voted against its declaration; but you
voted for this war—you yourselves voted to plunge
your country into what you now call an unholy
war; one of infamy, commenced, as you now aver,
with a view to conquest. And now you turn round
and oppose it, and strain every nerve to convince
the world that your own country is wholly in the
wrong. Suppose it were, possible for you to suc-
ceed, what then > Why, you have disgraced your
Government, and yourselves with it! Is this the
employment of patriots? But do gentlemen believe
what they say in relation to the iniquity of this
war? I submit that it is impossible for any well-
informed man honestly to take that view of the
subject. He must know better. The causes which
produced this war, and the justice of our cause,
have been so fully and powerfully set forth by the
President in his annual message, that I shall not
be guilty of the egregious folly of trying to render
it more plain. But I ask all those who have not
read that document, and who entertain any doubt
on this subject, to read it. The evidence is clear,
powerful, and conclusive. This Government had
borne outrages, indignities, and insults, from that
Government, longer than she would have done
from any other Government upon earth.
Had England or Prance, or any other respect-
able Government, treated us with half the indig-
nity, outrage, and insult, manifested by Mexico
long since would the honor of the country have
been vindicated. But Mexico was a feeble Gov-
ernment, distracted by internal factions and feuds-
beside, it approximated, to some extent, to a repub-
lican form, and excited our sympathies. Hence it
was that this Government bore with her outrages
and insults until forbearance ceased to be a virtue.
Mexico took advantage of this forbearance, and
repeated her injuries, and, as if for the purpose of
filling the cup of outrages to overflowing, she
finally erossed our territorial lines, and attacked
our armies and citizens upon our own soil. Thus
was our Government driven to the wall. National
dishonor or a prompt punishment of the offender I
was the only alternative, 1
But, I repeat, do the gentlemen on the opposite
side doubt the justness of our cause? It is my
candid opinion that they do not. The lameness
of their assaults upon the President shows that
they do not believe their own assertions. First,
they complain that the President moved our army
to the left bank of the Rio Grande contrary to law,
and thereby brought on the war. A moment's in-
vestigation will prove the nhsurdity of their posi-
tion. It was not the President, but Congress, that
made the Rio Grande our boundarv line. By the
annexation of Texas we bound the President to
defend that as our territory. The State of Texas
claimed the territory to that line. Under that
claim we annexed her to the Union.
But as we were determined to give to Mexico
no just cause of complaint against us, and as she
claimed territory on this side of the Rio Grande,
we stipulated with Texas that after annexation we
should have the right to settle all questions of
boundary with the Mexican Government. So
soon as Texas was annexed, the President inform-
ed Mexico of this power, now resting in the Uni-
ted States, and of his willingness to settle the
question by negotiation. She refused to negotiate,
but declared she would settle it by the sword. In
the meantime, this very Congress passed a law
establishing a collection district between the Nue-
j ces river and the Rio Grande, and directed the
Piesident to appoint a custom-house officer to re-
side in that country. By this act, on our part, we
said to the President, in the strongest possible lan-
guage, " This is our country, and it is your duty
to see that our jurisdiction is maintained over it."
! The Mexican Government, in the meantime, was
concentrating a strong force on the south bank of
the R,io Grande, and constantly fulminating her
threats of slaughter and reconquest even to the
Sabine. What, in the name of all that is sacred,
was the President to do, but exactly what lie did
do—-move our army to the extreme limit of our
boundary, and there await the onslaught, if Mexi-
co chose to make it? If he had done otherwise,
j he would have been justly censurable; and in that
| event, 1 make no doubt that the very men who are
I now denouncing him for having defended our soil
j would have clamored in this House for an im-
j peacliment against him for having suffered its pol-
j lution by the hostile tread of a foreign foe. Foiled
! at this point, the next complaint is, that the Presi-
dent has conquered a large portion of Mexico and
established civil governments therein. Well, where
docs the shoe pinch here, gentlemen? Are you
horrified at the success of the American arms? I
verily believe that many of you would have been
better pleased if the results of this war had been
the defeat of our armies and a loss of American
territory, and more especially if it had secured the
defeat of the dominant party. Or are your feel-
ings of humanity outraged that the President has
restrained the stem mandate of the military law in
favor of the civil ? Did you desire him to stain
his character with cruclty, which the emergencies
of the army did not demand, that you might have
more cause to denounce the action' of your own
Government' In this again you are disappointed.
All this your actions authorized us to charge, but
I will not believe you as unpatriotic as your con-
duct imports. The truth probably is, that the
actions of yourGovernmentyou would have heart-
ily approved, if the same acts had been performed
by a President of your own choice. But such is
your rooted and settled hostility to Democratic
measures, that you are willing to hazard the cause
of your country, in the hope that you may render
a Democratic President unpopular, and thereby
secure your own elevation to power, [f this be
your object—and it is the most charitable one
which I can impute to you—I submit it to the
country whether your elevation may not cost more
than your services may be worth.
Since the commencement of this war there has
been, in and out of this House, many and pathetic
appeals by those who oppose it to the sympathy
of the moral and religious poitionof our people
against the horrors necessarily resulting from a
state of war. I profess to be as much opposed to
a useless and unnecessary war as the most devout
Christian can be. I believe war should never be
resorted to when honor can be preserved without
it. And I now arraign before the bar of public
opinion those selfsame men, as being the sole
cause of this war. I hold them responsible for
every drop of blood which has been, or will be,
shed in this contest. Does any man in his senses
believe that Mexico would have commenced this
war, if she had not been induced to believe, by the
course of the opponents of the Executive, that this
Government would not be suffered to chastise them
for their injustice and insolence ? Does any man
believe that the controversy would not have been
closed after the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca do
la Palma, had they not expected you to palsy the
arm of your Government so as to prevent it from
carrying the war into Mexico? In'this you have
deceived them to their own destruction. By this
have you opened the veins and destroyed the lives
of many of our bravest soldiers ! And you will
deceive them still further. Are they not now pub-
lishing in their papers that there is a probability of
a revolution in the north of this republic—that the
New England States would secede from the Union
—and other such nonsense? Will they ever treat
with us whilst they believe this? And what is to
be the result' Will you fulfil the hopes which
your conduct has inspired ? Never! You cannot
if you would, and you would not, if you could,
make your Government recede. No; an honor-
able peace, with indemnity for the past and secu-
rity for the future, or an utter annihilation of the
Mexican Government will be the end of this war.
And you dare not, in the face of the American
people, take less. How, then, I demand, are you
to answer at the bar of enlightened humanity, to
say nothing of that of your God, for all this blood
wantonly spilled ? How are you to answer to the
widows and orphans of the gallant, dead who have
poured out their warm hfeblood in defence of their
country's honor' How are you to answer to the
thousands of Mexicans whom you have thus
deceived to their destruction? And, finally, how
will you meet that gallant portion of your own
political friends who have bravely rushed to their
country's defence, and who are daily caused to
blush with shame for your degeneracy ?
There was one allusion made by the gentleman
from Tennessee, which rather hornfied than sur-
prised me. He, with something like a sneer, re-
ferred to what he seemed to hope would be the
ultimate result of the acquisition of Mexican terri-
tory. He said the Northern Democrats would
never suffer any other slave territory to exist in
this country, and that the Southern Democrats
would not suffer any free States to exist west of
Texas. And he seemed to gloat over the possible
dissolution of the Union. Had this come from a
northern Abolitionist, I could have accounted for
and excused it. But coming from the quarter it
did, it seemed like the parricide inviting the on-
slaught upon the devoted heads of his defenceless
patents. Does the gentleman desire to court the
strong energy and fervent zeal of the freemen of
the North, to turn their irresistible power to the
destruction of the peculiar institutions tinder which
he lives, and where the gambols of his innocent
children are secure? But I forbear. Not content
with that hint, he reminds the friends of Oregon
that the President had not secured to us all we had
thought ourselves entitled to. This was done
avowedly for the purpose of securing, if possible,
a bad feeling towards the President. And does
the gentleman really think so poorly of our patri-
otism as to suppose that he could thereby induce
us to quarrel with the President whilst he is en-
gaged in the conduct of a foreign war? I feel my-
self under no obligation to defend the President m
all his acts, nor does he need my defence. But if 1
had any little pique, as I have none; or if I thought
in some things in which I felt a peculiar interest he
had not done exactly right, which, by the way, I
do not—for, to do him justice and nothing more, I
do think that he has, in his whole conduct as the
American President, ably and honestly performed
his duty, and his whole duty,—but if [ thought
otherwise, I would wait until my country was ex-
tricated from this foreign war before I would
wrangle with its Executive.
Such is the course duty points out to me, and I
will follow it. And in conclusion, I say to the
gentlemen on the other side, go on, if you choose
in this constant denunciation of your country's
cause; the end of it all will be, either you will ren-
der your constituents wholly mercenary and un-
patriotic, which God in his mercy forefend; or,
