66
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Aug. 10,
29th Cong 2i> Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Morehead.
Senate.
those allies. Another object was, "to oppose views j
* of aggrandizement and ambition on the part of ■
* France" which, it was alleged, were "peculiarly {
4 dangerous when connected with the propagation of
'principles utterly subversive of the peace and order
* of all civil society."
When the message was under consideration m
the House of Commons, it was inquired whether
an application had been made by Holland for the
assistance and interference of Great Britain, in her
existing dispute with France.
To this it was answered by the Minister, (Mr.
Pitt,) that " although the Dutch had made no re-
* quisition for the paiticular contingent of troops
* with which the British Government was bound
' by treaty to furnish fheift,yec they had repeatedly
4 expressed their solicitude for ihe presence of a
' British force to defend them from the attack with
' tohich they were menaced. "
It is plam, therefore, that it was one of the pur-
poses of the proposed increase of tiie army and
navy of Great Britain, to support Holland, as one
of her allies, from the attacks of Fiance; and it is
not. difficult to determine the effect of such a meas-
ure upon the peaceful relations between France
and England.
The British Minister commenced his speech on
the subject of the message with a pathetic lamc-nta- |
. tion of the calamitous event which had recently |
taken placc in Paris, and concluded by saying, that |
in his view, a war teas preferable to any peace which J
wns inconsistent with the internal tranquillity or ex- j
tern al safety of the country. He then moved an ad- j
dress of thanks to the Kins; for the communication i
which he had made to them, in which the scnti- j
gnents of the message were reciprocated, and an
assurance given that its requisition* ouM be com- j
plied with. |
The Minister wns seconded by Lord Beau- '
champ, who concched the immediate interference of
Great Britain necessary for the safety of Kurope,
and expressed a regret that they had not interfered
at an earlier period.
Mr. Fox reprobated in the strongest terms the
death of Louts the Sixteenth; yet he saw neither
propriety nor wisdom in pawing judgment upon an
act committed in another nation, which had no direct
reference to Great Britain; it being admitted as a
general max mi of policy, that the domestic crimes
perpetrated by one independent Huue were not
cognizable by another. He denounced the alli-
ance between Austua and Prussia against. Franco
as the most dangerous which had ever been formed,
both to the tranquillity of Europe and to the liber-
ties of mankind, fie denied that Austria had been
attacked by France, and insisted that Prussia had ;
been manifestly the aggressor, lie expressed the |
opinion, that every war wns unjust which did not |
apprize an enemy of the ground of provocation
and the measure of atonement; and not only un-
just but impolitic; for without a clear and accurate
definition of the object contested, what opening
could there ever be for treating of peace? He
stated as the arguments which had been advanced
on the side of war, the exposed condition of Hoi-
land, the decree of the Convention of the 19th of
November, and the danger of Europe from the
progress of the French arms. These he adverted
to, as the professed motives of the war. The real
motive, however it might be disavowed, he con-
ceived to be wholly different—no other than the
destruction of the internal government of France.
^ Mr. Windham did not coincide wuh Mr. Fox
in opinion, that it was always necessary at the
commencement of a war to define the precise ob-
ject which was to lead to its termination. In most
instances this would be impracticable. He thought
it sufficient to state that the object of the war was
the security of the country, although it might be
impossible to say how or when that object "could
be obtained. From the avowed disposition, also,
of the French rulers, he thought hostilities inevita-
ble; and as the tune only seemed left to the choice
of Great Britain, it would be the height of imprudence
to wail until the French were better prepared to com-
mence the attack.
The address having been carried through both
Houses of Parlianfent, in the House of Lords
three Peers protested against it, assigning, among
others, the following reasons for their dissent: 1.
Because its immediate tendency was to plunge the
nation into war. 2. Because they considered war 1
as an evil of such magnitude that nothing but ab-
solute necessity could justify it. 3. Because they
h&d not heard of any danger to the country which
rendered war necessary. 4. Because the observ-
ance of good faith towards their allies did not
require them to engage in war,his Majesty's Min-
isters having admitted that Holland had not de-
manded our interference, and it being notorious
I that Prussia has been the aggressor against France.
| 5. Because, though they felt the utmost horror at
' the atrocious act of cruelty and injustice mentioned
i in the address, they thought that no injustice, how-
! ever flagranti committed in a foreign State, and having
no relation to other countries f a just g) oundfor making \
j tear. 6. Because they were moie likely to obtain !
j the objects, whether of policy or principle, in the
I way of negotiation, than war; the aversion of France
I to break with that country, which had lately stood the
test of repeated provocations, putting it in the power
of Great Britain at that moment to give peace to all
Europe,
In a similar protest signed by Earl Stanhope, in
consequence of the rejection of his amendment to
the address, his lordship also declared, that " it was
' a well-known fact that the people of France were in
s general extremely desirous to maintain and
4 strengthen, between that country and Great Britain,
' the bonds of amity and friendship
On the 1st of February, four days subsequent to
the date of the message of the British King, the
National Convention decreed, " in the name of the
i French people, that in consequence of the multi-
6 plied acts of hostility and aggression on the part
4 of Great Btitam, the French republic was at war
' with the King of England and the Stadtholder of
' the United Provinces."
The British Government, after having thlis
manifestly rcsoited to the fiist hostile measures,
vainly attempted to avail itself of the more formal
declaration of the Fiench Convention, to make
France the aggressor in the eyes of the world.
Wuh that view, a message from the King was
communicated to both Houses of Parliament on
the 11th of February, acquainting them c< that the
' Assembly, then exercising the powers of Govern-
4 ment in France, had, without previous notice,
* directed acts of hostility to be committed against
'the persons and property of his Majesty's sub-
jects, in breach of the law of nations and of the
'most positive stipulations of the treaty, and have
'since, on the most groundless pietenres, actually
4 declared war against his Majesty and the United
4 Provinces. Under the circumstance^," the mes-
sage added, "of this wanton and unprovoked ag-
4 gre&iion, his Majesty has taken the necessary
4 steps to maintain the honor of his Crown," re-
lying on Parliament and a brave and loyal people
for supportu in endeavoring to oppose an effectual
' barrier to the further progress of a system which
4 strikes at the security and peace of all independent
4 nations."
In the debate upon the message in the House of
Commons, Mr. Fox said " he conceived himself,
4 as a member of that House, compelled to sup-
4 port his Majesty in a war already commenced,
4 and avowed his readiness to give such support;
4 but he did not consider himself pledged to any of
4 those crooked reasonings upon which some might
4 found their support, nor on that account less
4 bound to scrutinize the conduct of those through
4 whose mismanagement they had been forced into
4 hostilities. Truth and justice, in his idea, were
4 preferable to high-sounding words. He could
4 not, therefore, coincide with the sentiments of the
4 Minister's address, which represented the war as
' an unprovoked aggression on the part of France,
4 being persuaded that the dismissal of AI. Chauvelin,
4 and the prohibition of the exportation of corn to that
4 country when it was allowed to others, were acts of
4 provocation and hostility on the part of G real Britai n.''
It was in the course of his ie,>ly to this speech of
Mr. Fox that Mr. Bui lie made the extraordinary
declaration, 44 that the constant policy of the Brit-
' ish Government had always been to consider every
4 country which proved inimical to France as the
4 natural ally of Great Britain; that if this had been
4 the case under the ancient monarchy, much more
4 was it at the present junctuie; and that the acts of
' France were ail acts of hostility against England;
4 htr whole system, her speech, her every decree, and
4 every proceeding, displayed an intention preclusive
4 of all accommodation."
After tliis exposition of the conduct and the de-
signs of the British Cabinet, I feel myself justified
in reaffirming the pioposntion, that Great Britain
wns the aggressor in the rupture with France io
1793, It could have consisted with neither the in-
terests nor the wishes of the French republic to
add another power, so formidable as England, to
the fearful combination of forces which had already
taken up arms against her. If Great Britain re-
ceived any provocation to collision, it was to be
found alone in the exercise, by the French people,
of their acknowledged powers of sovereignty and
self-government, or in the avowal of opinions
supposed to be dangerous to the safety of the mon-
archies of Europe. Prior to the orders in council
prohibiting the exportation of corn to France, and
to the passage of the alien act by Parliament, in
January, 1793, and to the expulsion of M. Chau-
velin, all of which, it was admitted, were measures
of provocation and hostility, France had commit-
ted no breach of subsisting treaties. It was not of
acts of positive aggression that England complained,
unless the Revolution of the 10th of August, 1792,
and the subsequent trial and execution of Louis,
were acts of that character. It was to resist 4< views
of aggrandizement and ambition," 44 dangerous,"
because connected with the propagation of peculiar
political principles, that England armed herself a
against France. It was 44 to oppose an effectual
4 barrier to the further progress of a system which
4 struck at the security and peace of all indepen-
6 dent nations." 44 We are at war with a system? 9
said Mr. Burke—(Letters on a Regicide Peace—
Burke's Works, vol. 4, p. 345,) 44 which, by its
4 essence, is mimical to all other governments, and
' makes peace and war,, as peace and war may best
4 contribute xo their subversion. Jt is with an armed
1 docttine that tee are at war."
Sir, whatever may have been the excesses of the
French Revolution, a warfare of the character thus
described and admitted, is yet to find an example in
the history of mankind, and to be vindicated as de-
fensive in a government like ours. No,, sir, it was?
an aggressive war by England against France, and
the Government of the United States was exposed
to all the consequences of the obligations of the
treaties of 1778.
Mr. President, I resume the narrative of events
interrupted by the examination of the motives and
character of the war of 1793, and I proceed to
show that the neutrality of the United States du-
ring that war produced no serious disturbance of
the friendship between the United States and
France. Other causes, however, having a more
direct bearing upon the subject-matter of this dis-
cussion, were gradually contributing to that event.
The proclamation of neutrality was made on the
22d of April, 1793. The French Minister at Phila-
delphia, (M. Genet,) immediately complained of
it in terms of violent disapprobation. But the
Government of the United States persisted in dis-
regarding not only the clamors, but the incivilities
and indignities of that functionary, and firmly
withstood all subsisting provocations to collision
with the French republic. On the 16th of August,
1793, the American Secretary of State, after allu-
ding to his despatch of the 13th of June, the object
of which was to represent the principles on which
our Government was conducting towards the belli-
gerent Powers, thus addresses Mr. Morris, the
American Plenipotentiary at Paris:
" Mr. Genet had been then hut a little time with u«i; and
but a little more was m.ee^saiy to develop in him a charac-
ter and conduct «o unexpected and so extraordinary, as to
place us in a ino«t distressing dilemma, between our regard
for his nation, which is constant and sincere, and a regaid
for our laws, the authority of which must be maintained ;
for the peace of our country, which the executive magis-
trate is charged to preseive; for its honor, offended in the
person of that magistrate: and for its chaiacter, grossly tra-
duced in the convocations and tetters of this gentleman.
In the coiu>e of these transaction®, it has been a great com-
fort to us to believe, that none of them v pre within the inten-
tions or expectation of Ms employers. These had been too
recently exore^ed in acts which nothing could discolor, in the
tetteis of the J-J'/ecutive Council, in the letters and decrees of
the National Jlssemlty, and in the general demeanor of the
7ii(tion towards ics, to asenhe to them things of so contrary a
character. On  first duty, therefore, was to diaw a strong
line between their intentions and the proceedings of their
Minister; oui second, to lay tho^e proceedings faithfully
before them."—(Doc. 103, lit session, 19th Congress, 53.)
In another.partof the same letter, (ill. page 65,)
Mr. Jefferson repeated similar sentiments in al-
most the same language:
« The written proofs of which Mr. Genet was the bearer,
