1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
29th Cong 1st Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Morehead.
Senate.
all refuge in this hemisphere for her ships and
prizes. She complained with vehemence that this
policy of her ally laid her bound and powerless at
the feet of Great Britain. She charged us openly
with perfidy, and ordered our commerce to be
swept from the ocean. The order was most effect-
ively executed, for a large proportion of the claims
now under our consideration originated from the
captures made under it.
On the 39th of Ventose, (9th March,) 1796, the
French Minister of Foreign Affairs, in his exposi-
tion of complaints against the United States, ex-
pressly alleges, not only that the United States, by
the treaty of 1794, had sacrificed, knowingly and
evidently, their connexion with the republic, and
rights the most essential and least contested, of
Neutrality; but that they had gone further—that
they had " consented to extend the denomination
ofcontraband even to provisions," and had " tacit-
* ly acknowledged the pretensions of England to
4 extend the blockade to the French colonies, and
* even to France, by the force of a proclamation
'alone." " It is evident," he proceeded to say,
45 by the clause which limits the continuance of
i this desertion of neutrality to the term of th:s war,
' that Mr. Jay did not hesitate to sacrifice our col-
* onies to Great Britain during the continuance of
' these hostilities, by which their lot will be de-
'cided." And he concludes by saying, that "it
4 is submitted to Mr. Monroe to judge in what
c point .these concessions accord with the obliga-
* tion by which the United States have contracted
4 to defend our colonial possessions, and with the
* duties, not less sacred, which the great and ines-
4 timable benefits they derive from their commerce
4 with those islands, bind them to observe."
On the 19th Messidor, (7th July,) 1796, (Ib.
Doc. 143,) the same Minister wrote to Mr. Mon-
roe:
"You call my attention, in your note of the 9fli of tins
month, to the aiguments which that letter contains relative
to our complaints against the treaty concluded between the
United States and Great Britain. Tune lias sufficiently
npeued the points thatweie then in discussion; and far
from being enfeebled, our complaints again>t that treaty
have acquired since, in our estimation, uewtoiee. t will
content myself, then, without enteiing into details, to an-
nounce to you that the opinion of the Directory has never
varied upon that point ft h.w seen in this act, concluded
in the midst of hostilities, a breach of the friends-hip which
unites the United Stite> and this republic, and in the stipu-
lations which respect the neutrality oi the flag, an abandon-
ment of the tacit engagement which subsisted hetivet-n the
two nations on this point, since then tieaty of commerce of
1778."
On the 7th of October, the French Minister no-
tified Mr. Monroe that the Executive Directory
had suspended the functions of the Minister Pleni-
potentiary of the French republic at Philadelphia;
avowing that the dignity of that republic would
evidently be brought into question, and its duty
neglected, if it did not give unequivocal proofs of
a just dissatisfaction. But the notification was ac-
companied by an assurance, that the ordinary re-
lations subsisting between the two people in virtue
of the conventions and treaties should not, on that
account, be suspended, and that the consuls would
remain charged to superintend them.
In the mean time Mr. Monroe was recalled from
Paris, and General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney
appointed his successor. In answer to Mr. Mon-
roe's communication laying before the Directory a
copy of his letter of recall, and the credentials
of General Pinckney, the French Minister was
charged to say to him, that the Directory would no
longer receive a Minister Plenipotentiary from the
United States, until after a reparation of the griev-
ances demanded of the American Government, and
which the French republic had a right to expect.
(Ib. Doc. 150.)
The motives of these proceedings were avowed
as follows, several years afterwards, in a report
made to the French tribunal, on the 4th of Decem-
ber, 1801, upon the convention of the preceding
year, between the United States and the French
republic:
"The American Government," it was dcelaied, "forget-
ting the duties of neuti alitu, had concluded, under the influence
of the enemies of Frmicp. ct treaty wfoch wounded our interests.
The French Government, instead of entering: into negotia-
tions, of which the moderate chaiacter of its agents, of which
the dispositions of the American people would havu guaran-
tied the success, thought proper to take rigorous measures
with regard to the United States. It enacted decrees, abro-
gated the laws favorable to the Americans, ordered the Min-
ister of the French republic to suspend lii-3 functions near
the Federal Government; and when the United Suites, m
order to put a period to the measures which weie weighing
upon them, sent three envoys to Paris, it seemed httle in- <
clined to listen to them." j
This was the state of affairs between the Gov- j
ernments of the United States and France, and
these were the difficulties and embarrassments to :
which the United States were subjected by the j
treaties of alliance and commerce. It can certainly !
be no matter of surprise that the deepest solici- |
tude should have been felt by the Administration I
of that day to be relieved from engagements at j
once so onerous in the performance arid so hazard- j
ous to the peace and prosperity of the United j
States. In looking back upon the events of that j
difficult epoch in our history, we are apt to con- ;
elude that no arm but that of Washington could :
have conducted the vessel of State safely over the i
rocks. Sir, although it be admitted that the pjroc- j
lamation of neutrality and the treaty of Mr. Jay, :
did in fact violate the treaties with France, yet it !
may be safely said, that to those measures we are
indebted for the preservation of peace with both of 1
the great belligerant nations with whom our com-
mercial intercourse was most intimate, and for that j
national prosperity and glory by which our subse-
quent career has been distinguished. If the re- '
fusal of the French Directory to rcccive our Min- \
istcr (Mr. Pinckney) was calculatcd to give offence !
to the Government of the United States, the mo- I
tives to dissatisfaction were strengthened by the .
decree of the Executive Directory of the 2d March, t
1797, which was pronounced by the American j
Secretary of State, (Mr. Pickering,) " to be a pal- !
' pable violation of our treaty with France, tcMch I
' the Directory, without our participation, undertook j
4 to modify, professedly to make it conform to our treaty j
1 u-ith Great Britainj
The causes of complaint were thus accumulating i;
with the progress of time and events. France ^
continued her depredations, to a ruinous extent, j
upon our seafaring citizens. Unquestionably these ' i
depredations violated the treaties between the
two countries. jSevcvthelcss another effort was.;
made by the United States to put an end to them, \
and to obtain satisfaction, in the celebrated mission ,
of Messrs. Pinckney, Marshall,and Gerry. Their ;
instructions are voluminous, and filled with impor- :
tant matters relating directly to the subject before i
us, but a very brief reference to them will now be |
made. They state: i
" Although the rejmiation for losses sustained hv the oiti- !
zens of the United States, in consequence of irregular oi t
illegal captures or condemnation-8, or forcible seizures or j
detention*, is of veiy high impoifince, and is to be pressed !
with the greatest earnestness, vet it i-s not to be insisted on j
as an indispensable condition'to the proposed treaty. You ,
arc not, however, to renounce these claim* of our citizens, j:
nor to stipulate that thev be assumed by the United States I!!
as a loui to the French Government." " * k
"The proposed alteiauons and arrangement* suggest the J
propriety of revising all our tieaties with France. In such j,
revision, the first object that will attract your attention, is J
the lecipiocal guarantee, in the eleventh article of the treaty i
of alliance. This guat.uitee we are perfectly willing to ie- •'
nouuee. The guarantee, by France, of the liberty, sovereign- i;
ty, and independence of the United States, will add nothing ■'
to our secuuty; while, on the contiary, our gua:ant*e of the ;;
possessions of Fiance in America, will petpetually expose J
us to the lisk and expense of war, or to di-pntes and ques- :
tions concerning our national taith. When Mr. Genet was ,
>"nt as the Minister of" the French lepublie to the United j
State*, its situation was embivna^scd, and the success of it« ' ■
m ja=ure^ problematical. In such circumstance* it was n;itu- :
ral that France should turn her eve to the mutual guarantee. |1
and accoidingly it was required, in Mr. GenetV instructions, '
to he 4 an essential clause in the new treaty,' which ho wsw ,
to piopose; and on the ground 'that it neatly concerned 'J
the peace and prosperity of the French nation, that a peo- ,
pie whose resources ineiease beyond all calculation, and '
whom nature had placed so near their rich colonies should :
become interested, by their own engagements, in the prefer- >
vation of those islands.* But, at tlu^ time, France, powutful
by her victories, and secure m her triumphs, may rcgaul ,
the ifcciprocaj guarantee with the United States, and he wil- ■
ling to relinquish it. * * Hut if France niMsts on the
nuitual guarantee, it will bo necessary to aim at some modi-
fication of it. The existing engagement is of that kind. '
which, by writers on the law of nations, i* called a general :
guarantee , of course the casus fo <!ei is can never occur ex-
cept in a defensive Wiu. The nature of this obligation is ,
understood to he, that when a war really and truly defpnsiic
exists, the engaging nation is bound to piovide an effectual .
and adeymtcdefenceiiri cottpevirtiou with the Power utt.ieked :
whence it follows, that the nation max/ be required, in some
circumstances, to hung fonvardits whole force. The nature ,
and extent of the succors d^maudabie not being ascertained, :
engagements of this kind arc dangerous on account of their
uncertainty s there is always hazard of doing too much or
too httle, and of course of being involved in invoiuntaiy
rupture. Specific succors have the advantage of ceitaiuty,
and ate kss liable to occasion war. On the other hand,"a
general guaiantee allows a latitude for the exercise ofjudg- ;
ment and discretion. j
"On the part of the United State*, instead of troops or
ships of war, it will be convenient to stipulate for a mode-
rate sum of money or quantity of provisions, at the option of
France: the pi ovisious tu be delivered at our own ports,-ia
any future defensive wars. The sum of money, or its value
in piovisions, ought not to exceed two bundled thousand
dollars a year, duuiTg any r-uch war.-2. The reciprocal stipu-
lation, on the pait of France, maybe to furnish annually
the like sum of money, or an equivalent in military stores
and clothing for troops, at the option of the United States,
to be delivered in the ports of France."
This mission not only proved abortive, but whilst
these envoys wei e in Paris, endeavoring to effect the
object of their mission, the French Government, on
the iS'th January, 1798, passed a law which sub-
jected to capture and condemnation neutral vessels
and their cargoes, if any portion of the latter were
of British fabric or products, although the entire
property belonged to neutrals. This law was con-
sidered by the President of the United States to
be an unequivocal act of war on the commerce it
attacked, of which those nations which possessed
the means could reconcile nothing to their interest
and honor but a firm resistance. (Ib. Doc. 428.)
The controveiy was now approaching a crisis.
On the 2Sth May, 1138, Congicss authorized the
President to cause to be seized and brought in for
adjudication the armed vessels of the French re-
public which should have committed aggressions
upon our citizens, or should be found hovering on
our coasts for that purpose, and to retake any
vessel captured. And on the 7th July of the same
year, an'act was passed abrogating our treaties
with that republic. To manifest to the world" a
forbearance the most unequivocal, and to prevent
a resort to the last alternative of injured nations,
the President of the United States instituted a new
mission, composed of Messrs. Ellsworth, Davie,
and Murray, who arrived in Paris in March,
1800.
The first material point necessary to be stated
in connexion with this mission is, that one of its
objects was to obtain remuneration for the identical
claims for spoliations which are at this moment
under consideration. The sccond is, that when
the proposition for that purpose was made by the
American to the French Mmisteis, the obligation
of the French Government to pay was frankly and
freely acknowledged.
Sir, as nothing could be more explicit, so noth-
ing could more clearly indicate the sense of the
United States Government than the instructions of
the President to the Envoys to France. "Jlttfie
4 opening of the negotiationhe tells them, " you
4 will inform the French Ministers that the United
4 States expect from France, as an indispensable con-
4 dition of the treaty, a stipulation to make to the
{ citizens of the United States full compensation
' for all losses and damages which they shall have
4 sustained by reason of irregular or illegal captures
' or condemnations of their vessels and other prop-
'erty, under color of authority or commissions
'from the French republic or its agents." The
ultimata to these instructions are ranged under
seven distinct heads, the first of which runs thus:
" That an article be inserted for establishing a board, with
suitable powers, to hear and determine the claims of our
citizens for the causes hereinbefore exposed, and binding
France to pay or secure the payment of the sums which
shall be awarded."
Acting upon these instructions, the American
Ministers, " to satisfy the demands of justice, and
4 render a reconciliation cordial and permanent, pro-
4 posed an arrangementsuch as should be compatible
* with national honor and existing circumstances,
* to ascertain and discharge the equitable claims of
4 the citizens of either nation upon the other,
4 whether founded on contract, treaty, or the law
4 of nations." To which the French Ministers
replied, that u they thought the first object of the
< negotiation ought to be the determination of the
£ regulations, and the steps to he followed for the
' estimation and indemnification of injuries for
4 which either nation might make claim for itself
4 or for any of its citizens."
Throughout the negotiation, the French Minis-
ters uniformly and unreservedly admitted their
liability for the claims, and their willingness to
stipulate for their satisfaction. But the difficult
question was, in what manner the adjustment
should be made. If, on the one hand, the instruc-
tions of the American Envoys bound them to in-
sist upon the payment of the claims; the French
Ministers on the other pointed to the guarantee in
the treaty of 1778, and demanded either a renewal
of it, or an adequate consideration for its Barren-
