1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
29th CoNfi 2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Morekead.
Senate.
that of the renunciation hy the other party of his pretensions.
What was the value of the obligations and indemnities so
reciprocally renounced, can only he matter of speculation.
The amount of the indemnities due to citizens of the United
Stages was wry large, a«t5, on the other hand, the obligation
was irreat, (to specify no other French pretension^) uHdcr
which the United States were placed in the Uth at tide of
the treaty of alliance of 6th I^ebruarj, 1778, bv which they
were bound forever to guarantee, from that time, the then
possessions of the crown of France in America, as well as
t'io=e which it might acquire hy the future treaty of peace
with Gieat Butam ; all these possessions having been, it is
believed, conquered at, or not long; after, the exchange of
the ratification of the convention of September, 180), by the
arms of Great Batain fiorn France. [Asthevhad also been
•captured by Gtcat Britain in the years 1793--91-95.]
"The fifth at tide of the amendments, to the Constitution,
provides : < Nor shall private property be taken for public
use without ju.=t compensation.' If the indemnities to
which citjxen;> of the United States were entitled for French ' |
spoliations pnor ti the 30th September, 1890, have been ap- J1
propuated to absolve the United States from the fulfilment |
of an obhgnftou which they bad contracted, or fio'n the .
payment of indemnifies which they were bound to make to !(
Fnmce, the Senate i* most competent to determine how far i
bucl) an appropriation is a public u-o of pi ivato piopeity, h
witiiin the spint of the Constitution, and u h>-thei equitable |1
considerations do not require some compensation to be made I
to tiie claimants." j
"While it thus appears that the claims for spolia- ;
lions were surrendered to Francs by virtue of the i
second article, k is proper m this connexion to 1
show how other then subsisting- claims of our citi- ,
zens upon the French Government were provided i
for by that treaty. !
By the third article, the public .ships on both j
sides, which had been captuied, were to he rosfor- |
ed. France had captured none of our public ships; I
but we had captured several of hers. These we
restored to her, either in kind or m their money
value for those we had used and lost.
By the fourth aitfcle, property not then defini-
tively condemned w<is to be restored. This pro-
vision was partially executed.
By the fifth article, " The debts contracted by
* one of the two nations with individuals of the
* other, or by individuals of one with the individu-
als of the other, shall be paid, or the payment
{ may be prosecuted in the sam-e manner as if there
* had been no misunderstanding between the two j.
4 States. But this clause shall not extend to vulem-
* nities claimed on account of captures or conjisca- ji
4 tion-sS9 ;
Under this article, li the debts" due to our citi- j
zens from the Government of France, for contracts :
executed, for detentions byembaigo at Bordeaux, I
and for supplies of all kinds to her colonies, !
were in the chief part subsequently paid by her !
under the provisions of the Louisiana convention |
of April 30, 180.3, by which twenty millions of |
francs, of the eighty millions purchase money for !
that territory, was set apart and disbursed for that !
object.
Here, Mr. President, I close this protracted
narrative of the origin and character of the claims
which are the subject of the bill before us. On
the grounds substantially set forth, the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. J. M. Clayton] has, as I !
think, with complete success, maintained that j
these claims, which the United States, as well as \
France, had always admitted to be valid against |
France, prior to the 30th of September, 1800, were I
renounced or released by this Government m the j
convention of that date, to purchase its exonera- I
tion from the treaties of 1778, and the consular j
convention of 1788; and also that they were so j
renounced or released, to purchase an exemption \
from further spoliations upon our commerce, I
to secure to the United States the blessings of,
peace, and the benefit of a highly advantageous j
traffic with France and her dependencies, together :
with other benefits which were secured by that ■
convention- Sir, I repeat what I said when I ;
began, that I shall not attempt the difficult task of '
adding strength to the positions of the honorable
gentleman from Delaware. A different employ-
ment devolves upon me—that of making my re-
spects to the arguments in reply to him, of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Dix.J That, hon-
orable Senator has, with great emphasis and charac-
teristic ability, resisted the liability of the Govern-
ment of the United States for the claims in ques-
tion, first, on theground " that the treaties existing
4 between France and the United States in 1793 
* when their differences commenced, were termi-
* nated by the acts and declarations of both parties.
4 The declarations of France (he contended) were
'less comprehensive than those of the United
' States, Her acts were open, palpable, and di-
* rect. The declaration of the United States was
' full and unequivocal. She pronounced herself
{ freed and liberated from the obligation o£ the
' treaties, and she acted in conformity to that dec-
{ laration 51
If the treaties existing between the two coun-
tries in 1793, were in fact terminated, as alleged,
it cannot be denied that the respective Govern-
ments were not exonerated from their obligation,
from and after the period of actual termination; be-
cause the claims were subsequently acknowledged
by both parties to be valid and just. JMor will ft,
I presume, be denied that those Governments were
liable for damages arising before that period, from
their violation. But the gieatand importautques-
tion is, were they, in fact, by any sufficient acts
or declarations of either party, suspended or an-
nulled? On the manner that this question ought to
be decided, I am fully content, on my part, to rest
the whole case. I contcnd that the treaties were
not on tiny account terminated orannulled; but on
the contrary, that they remained in full force until
the treaty ol September, 1800, concluded.
I begin with the acts of the United States, and ,
take up, at the very threshold, the law of Congress i
3f the 7th of .1 uly, 1798. That law declared, " that |
* the United States were of right freed and exoner- ij
' ;\fed from the stipulations of the treaties and of ;!
4 the consular convention heretofore concluded be- |.;
' tween the United States and France, and that the j!
« same should not thenceforth be regarded as legally |l
' obligatory on the Government or citizens of the Ij
' United States." ii
This act of Congress, Mr. President, was cx- jj
pressly founded upon the allegation on our part,
that the stipulations of the treaties of 1778 had been
repeatedly violated by France, by her depredations
upon our commcrce; and of this, in resj>ect to the
treaty of amity and commerce, there can be no
question. But what reason had wc to complain of 1
her conduet m respect to the stipulations of the j
treaty of alliance ? We had never complained of its
violation. The propriety, therefore, of including :
; that treaty m the annulling act of Congress, is not j
I perceived. It was a treaty of a peculiar character
1 —not confined to prospective reciprocity, but of
the highest obligation in leference to its original
objects and to the blood and treasure which France
had expended in support of it; and it was in that
view, as well as on account of its obligatory force
forever, that Franco asserted that even war could
not have annulled it.
Sir, nothing could have been more natural, and,
I will add, proper, than the anxietv of our Gov-
ernment to be released from the obligations of the
treaty of alliance; but it was impossible to sup-
pose, that the exoneration could have been effect-
uated without an equivalent on our part given to
France, either by an adequate compensation for
the surrender of the guarantee, or by an extin-
guishment of the claims of the citizens of the Uni-
ted States. Accordingly,our Envoys weie instruct-
ed to rcduce the prospective obligation of the guar- j
antee at the cost of an annual war subsidy of two j
huudrcd thousand dollars—leaving us still liable !
for all the damages that had arisen from our fail- ,
ure to fulfil the treaties. And what were those !
damages? Why, sir, France had lost all her valu- i
able islands in the American seas. The United
States were bound to cause them to be restored to ;
her, and to assure her property in them against !
all casualties arising from a state of war. The
treaty of alliance contained the obligation, and ||
there was no evading its fojee. The obligation j
was not limited to the war of 1793, but it extend-
ed to all future wars in which France might be
engaged with England. ... 1
Sir, with the claims of the American citizens for
spoliations, the Government of the United States jj
was relieved from this enormous and endless re- ,!
sponsibility. But this was not the only benefit p
which ensued to us by the surrender of those •;
claims. The Government purchased with them ii
exemption from the no less onerous stipulation in !j
the treaty of amity and commerce, which gave to j'
France the exclusive use of our ports to her vessels [
of war and their prizes, and from the undefined
claims for damages arising from our withholding
that use from her. i
Tn the negotiations that led to the convention of|
1800, ten millions of francs was demanded as the !
price of our exoneration from the guarantee; and
not only was otcr offer of three millions more to re-
duce the exclusive use of our ports to her vessels
of war and their prizes to the footing of that of the
most favored nation, declined by the French Pleni-
potentiaries, but the right was declared to be be-
yond the reach of purchase at any price we could
offer; and hence arose the necessity of consigning
the respective claims of the two governments to
juture negotiation, as was done by the second ar-
ticle of the convention of 1800. The final abroga-
tion of that article resulted not alone in the extin-
guishment of the American claims upon the Gov-
ernment of France, but in the exoneration of the
United States from the stipulations? (which money
could not purchase) of the treaties of 1778.
But, sir, 1 maintain that the power to abrogate a
treaty does not appertain, under the Constitution
of the United States, to one alone of the contract-
ing parties.
The authors of the Federalist, in their commen-
tary on the treaty-making power of the Constitu-
tion, explicitly disclaim the power; and in this, as
my friend from Delaware has shown, they are sus-
tained by the lu°h authority of Mr. Jefferson and
Mr. Chief Justice Marshall. The Federalist (No,
64) thus states the argument:
Othots,tlmugh couteni that tieaties should be made in
the morhvpiopo-eJj an: a\etsu to their being the nrprcmelaw
of the land. Theyin^f. and profess to believe, that treaties,
like acts of a-semOly, -houid be repealable at pleasure.
Tins idea ^eein^ to be new, and peculiar to this country; b«t
new errors, a* well as now truths, often appear. These
gfnilemeti would do well to reflect, that a treaty-is only
another name for a bargain ; and that it would be impossible
to find a nation who" ould make an} bargain With us which
should hp funding on them absolutely, hut on us only so long
and so far as we may think pioper to be bound by it. They
who make laws mav, without doubt,amend or jepeal them;
and it wiil not bo disputed that the j who make treaties may-
alter or cancel thorn; hat still Jpt us not forget, that treaties
an' made not hy one only ot the contracting paities, but by
both , and, eon«:quemh\ that as the consent of both was
 >wmtvl to thf>u- f'mnati'Ui at fiwt,s>o must it ever afterwards
he to alter ot caned them. The proposed Con.^titution,
therefore, has not m the least extended the obligation of
treaties. Thevair a^ binding, suul ju^t as far beyond
the lawful reach of li'jnsl.ttive act* now, as the> will be at
any tutuic p.^nod, oi under any form of government."
The French Ministers, also, during the progress
of the negotiations of 1300, declared, in-their note to
the American Plenipotentiaries of the 27th of July,
that " they did not find, in the note (of the latter) of
' the 23d of July, any reason to determine them to
' consider the treaties made between France and the
' United States as broken. The act of Congress
' of the 7th of July, 1798, is the declaration of one
' party; but the treaty being the work of two, one
' alone cannot destroy, otherwise than by war and
' victory, that which" is the engagement of two."
" When Congress, (they continued,) declares on
' one side, that France has contravened the trea-
' tics, and that they are exonerated fiora tliem,
' and when, on the other, the French Government
' declares that it lias conformed to the treaties, that
' the United States have alone infringed them, and
* it wills their execution, where is the law, where
' is the tribunal, which authorizes the exonetation
< rather than the executionr"
Sir, impracticable as I conceive it to be to re-
fute these views, still I do not insist upon them in
this place. The whole argument against the lia-
bility of the Government for these claims, is, in
my opinion, put to rest by a single proposition, so
plain as to be almost self-evident. It is this: that a
claim, which is the subject-matter of a dispute or
controversy, personal or national, and wliieh.both
parties fully acknowledge to be due, must be paid
by one party or the other, and cannot, afterwards,
be justly denied by both.
The argument, then, stands thus: the spolia-
tions oil which these claims are founded, were
committed by France. That has never been dis-
puted. The property of our citizens was destroy-
ed. The American Envoys in 1800 were instruct-
ed by their Government to make the payment of
them tin indispensable condition of the treaty.
They did so. The French Ministers not only acl-
mitted them to be due fionri their Government, but
offered the guaiantees in the treaties of \Tii< and
the exclusive privilege to use our ports for her ships
of war, her privateers and their prizes, during war,
I ag the'price of their extinguishment. The offer
was accepted by the American Government; the
treaty was made and ratified, and the liability of
i France became forever extinguished. Sir, I put th*
