n
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Aug. 10,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. More head.
question to every one: even supposing the treaties to
have been annulled, can a doubt exist of the com-
petency of the parties, by snch acts and acknowl-
edgments, to create an obligation from the foice of
which no nation can escape f
My argument is not that it is the duty or tins
Government to go to war for the refusal ot another
to pay the claims of individuals founded on the
violation of treaties. The argument is, that when,
Jn consequence of such violation, well-founded ,
claims upon a foreign nation accrue to citizens of ,
the United States—claims which are admitted oy ,
that nation to be due and payable—and the Uov- .
eminent of the United States, by treaty, release ,
that foreign nation from all obligation to pay, tor a :
consideration valuable to itself, in that event, this ,
Government, thus depriving its citizens of the <
right to recover these claims, takes tne place of
the Government so exonerated, and becomes mam- ,
feslly responsible on every principle of justice. ■
The mere statement of the argument is, m my
opinion, sufficient.
It is next contended that a state of war extin- .
guishes all pecuniaiy claims of governments upon A
each other, and of their respective citizens upon j|
them; and that, when the claims now in question ij
originated, actual war existed between the United A
States and France. " If," said the honorable Sen- I
ator fl-om New York, "any doubt remained as to :|
4 the fact that the treaties had ceased to be of 1
Senate.
'in spite of this act of Congress, did not regard
| *the treaties as annulled, thinking that a treaty
j * could only be abolished by the mutual consent
4 of the two contracting parties, or by a declaration
i ' of war. But, on the one hand, France had not
S 4 acceded to the dissolution of the treaties; on the
1 4 other, there had not been any declaration of war#
< Commissions granted by the President to attack
4 the armed vessels of France, are riot to be regarded
' as a declaration of war; the will of the President
4 does not suffice to put America in a state of war:
4 it requires a positive declaration of Congiess to
' this effect. None has ever existed. The republic
4 was therefore justified in claiming the enjoyment
 nu, nftt nn n staie 1 4 of the stipulations comprehended in the old trea:-
^f"^r which woiKve pt   end to them i Hies, and indemnity for the non-execution of these
; !l taSration, of the public authorities of
of the 7th of July, 17J , ,1,^01 think in a i1 both countries, are conclusive to show, that neither
' anaot winch Uiey^heniselves did not think, .  a , lhat w„ exiated. and urllcs3 it is
1 a practicable tiling for two grea^ nations to be
' delaralion of war on the part of the United State
« but, desirous of maintaining peace, and still ft it
' lino- to leave open the door of reconciliation with
< France, the United States contented themselves lUh
' preparations for defence, and measures calculated to
' protect her commerce." .
Now, sir, it was aptly said by Mr. Liwngston,
in his report in 1830, that   all the mtoBiires wrich
' haie been considered as equivalent to a Mate of
« war had been taken previous to the date of these
' instructions. OurGovcrnment(hecontmued) did
' not think the two nations 111 a state ol war. Un tne
1 contrary, when it became necessary to urge tnat
'those treaties were no longer obligatory on the
United States, the Ministers rely, not on a state
... 11 1    > r, V  Dili tft t IPflt
'an act wmou wvii..w   -
1 subsequent part of the negotiation, any bar to a
|j ' recognition of the treaties so ns to' ie ! eniag«rtrwaTwfthout "the knowledge "of either,
j « ation of an intermediate one made i.n& ^ ^ ,, ^ ^ peacefui intentions of both, I
:j 'land. - • 1 ~,>r- in their think I have successfully maintained, that v> nat-
An? \lp0n the I ever were the relations between them at the period
1 repeated propositions to the 1 renc. ue^t , , . tl were not those Gf actual war.
u did revive,renew, and confirm, the continuous o . q > y admit the correctness of the
gntion of the old treaties. In their- proposition of j Jut, .r, > reference th«
termination of the treaties, still it would not follow
that these claims upon the Government of the Uni-
ted States are unfounded. The national claims on
' Men eilpvUiVUOns CM! vno mwo, unw "■« ww**,.
c by authorized declared acts of hostility, which
'were not. distinguishable from acts of war.'
Now, I do riot intend to discuss the qnesiion , u umnmu^ .
whether war does or does not so operate upon sub- i! whom had been
sisting treaties as to extinguish the claims of citi- i « dent's message
zens upon their respective goveivmierus. I pro-
pose to show that whatever may be the decision
of that question, there was, in fact, no such public
war between- the two countries as to produce the
effect alluded to; and this I will show, if any mean-
ing is to be attached to the contemporaneous "acts
and declarations of the parties."
First, then, I have to say, that there wns^ no
formal declaration of war by the American Con-
gress nor by the French republic, nor was there
any formal recognition of its existence by either
August 20, 1800, they say:
" Aut. I. Let it be declared, tli.it the former treaties are
renewed and couhnnoil. and shall have tireimik ofleet as it
' any 'obligation"'^ np^i'to iilm U.at it must •!    "-oca „e W W , «*-
'• to whK hS ^ed" The^wo ^un^s jj And again, on the 5th September, 1800:
' were for all essential purposes, in a St.- :e of war." ; " Art. 1. The for mo. treaties shall he renewed and eon
Again, he observed that " he considered the trea- J firm«il. r,„ ,.e_
' ties abrogated by both the contracting parties," | Sir if the language of-theinstr. f:tl"ns c/,n
"by an avowed disregard, by an open violation of gardeil as furnishing Ploof "&TIllative
' their stipulations on one side, and on the other j ecutive government, the opii ion of■tne L J 'S
< hv H,,t.l.nvi7.ed declared acts of hostility, which 1 department was expressed in a niannei still m
explicit. Oil Monday, the 13th of .Tanuaiy, 18UU,
a committee of the House of Representatives, to
whom had been refeircd "so much of t ic 1 resi-
1 dent's message as 1 elated to a system of defence
' commensurate with the resources and situation of
'the country," reported the following resolution,
which was adopted by the House: " Resolved, That
i all enlistments under an act entitled 'an act to
'augment the army of the United Sta'cs and for
4 other purposes,' shall be suspended until the next
' session, unless war should break out between the
< United States and a foreignEuropean power."
It must be manifest, therefore, that our Go\ein-
ment was not oi opinion that war, open, palpable
war, existed. Still lesb was it (ho opinion of ^he
iviay, j/yo, oongrcss passea <ui avt auiuviiwn,,
the capture of all armed vessels of the republic of
Franco which should have committed, or should
be found hovering on the coast of the United Stales
for the purpose of committing, depredations on the
vessels of citizens of the United States. By an
act of the 13th of June, 17S)S, ali intercourse was
suspended with France. On the 25th of the same
month another act was passed, giving authority
to our merchant vessels to oppose searches attempt-
ed by the French, and to recapture vessels which
belonged to our citizens. But this act was to tcr-
ieu oifcuiiw me umuunucn. j. w.vv— -
both sides were undoubtedly based upon the old
treaties to the extent that the law of nations failed
to cover them; and it was for the protection of
ihose claims to that extent, and to that alone, that
the treaties were of any consequence. In regard
to the claims of individual citizens for spoliations,
the treaties were at no time indispensable to their
validity. The law cj'nufions fully protected them,
' and gave to their proprietors an unquestionable
! right to redress from Franco, whether the tieaties
j were or were not in operation; or, indeed, whether
or not they had ever existed. It results, that the
claims under that general law were as obligatory
upon France after, as before, the treaties were an-
i nulled—even supposing it to have been competent
! for them to be annulled by the acts or declarations
i of either party. Will it be contended herey that
i France could, of right, and without incurring re-
I sponsibility, capture near two thousand of our
I merchant vessels ? Will it be contended here, that
I France could, of right, seize and confiscate our
| vessels indiscriminately jsmee the 7tb of July, 179&,
i becausc we had no treaty with her; and that she had
the same right prior to that date, because we did
l! have a treaty with her which expressly forbade it ?
[j No, sir. France was responsible for those cap-
timstcr of foreign jvnairs assu.eu mi. |; tures. She did not shrink from the responsibility,
1 "that the ordinary relations subsisting between but, as has been shown, openly and constantly
; < ti10* two people, in virtue of the conventions and j acknowledged it: and for whatever she was liable
i . .• i. i.i ,,~j. tiint aiMi^iint Ito 1 wp flpp imw liable, with accumulated damages to
me iwu jjct'jm,, in v^.^. -  
' treaties,should not, on that account, be suspend-
! ( cd; but the consuls would remain charged to su-
! « perintend them." .
| In the letter of the same Minister of Foreign Af-
l fairs, of December 11, 1796, informing Mr. Mori-
; roe that Mr. Pinckney would not be recognised, he
! jxcjded; I beg you to be persuaded that this detcr-
 cia wi.iu. j -mination, which is becomc necessary, does not
w v-v. ^v.v   was to ter- s i oppose the continuance of the aflection between
minate when France should discontinue her depre- j 4 the French republic and the American people,
* • ~ 1 • " •' o, o , £ _..i * i-> nn fnrmpr p-ood omces and
the iltn oi tne same morun congress autnonzeu tne
public vessels of the United States to capture all
French armed vessels, and gave the President power
to issue letters of marque and reprisal against such
armed vessels.
These die all the acts which bear upon the sub-
ject: and certainly no other war existed on the part
of the United States than was thereby authorized j
and declared. i
Sir, the first indication of the construction which [
was placed by our Government upon these meas- j
ures is contained in the instructions to Messrs. ,
Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray, of the '2'2d day of i
October, 1779, in which, after a recital of the ag- ;
gressive acts of the French Government, the Secre-
tary of State says: 48This conduct of the Frcnch
' republic would well have justified an immediate
VL\ tnat uie ueauco which
the United States were not broken; that even war
• could not have broken them; but that the state of
I ' misunderstanding which had existed for some
' 4 time between them by the act of some agents
i ' rather than by the will of the respective Govern-
' ments, hud not been ct state of wart at least on the
i side of France."
And again: at the moment of confirmation of
the convention by the French Legislature, on the
4th of December, 1801, the report of the Tribunal
announcing its ratification by both governments,
expressly stated, " that the United States had de-
clared the consular convention, and the treaties
4 of 1778, as null and void, and believed themselves
' freed from the obligations which they imposed
' upon. them. The government of the republic,
, we are now" liable, with accumulated damages for
1 the long detention of the amount. The considera-
! tion paid by her for tfiese claims was an ample
I equivalent. Governments do not treat for less,
i They are not at liberty to give away their own
property, far less the property of their citizens.
The bargain was of our own seeking. It was
deemed advantageous, or we would not have made
it. The retrenchment of the second article of the
convention was our policy and our act. It is un-
just now for us to attempt to evade its conse-
quences by arguments or complaints which can-
not satisfy ourselves, and much less the despoiled
and ruined sufferers by the depredations of France.^
Napoleon, the great debtor, when out of reach of
the influence of the diplomatic subtleties of his
court, dedaied, as a truth, to be perpetuated in
histoty with his glory and fame, "thai the sup-
'pression of the sccond article" (cf the convention of
1800) i( at once put an end to the privileges which
' France possessed by the treaties of 1778, and annulled
4 the just claims which America might have made for
'•injuries done in time of peace.1'—(Gourgaud's
Memoirs, dictated by Napoleon, volume % page
95.)
And Mr. Madison, our Secretary of State, in
his instructions to Mr. Pinckney our Minister
to Spain, on the 6th of February, 1804—when all
the facts were known and duly weighed—officially
declared: "The claims from -which France was
{ released were admitted by France; and the re-
' lease was for a valuable consideration in a corre-*
