74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 24,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Bowlin.
Ho. of Reps.
them tell us, frankly and candidly, what they pro-
pose to do — what line of conduct they would
point out for our armies; and not content them-
selves with merely throwing difficulties in the way
of others. If the plans that crown our arms with
victories, are so very offensive to them, let them
give their plan for conducting the war, and let
the nation judge between them. Let us have no
Mexican lighting, behind chaparrals, on this sub-
ject, but give us a fair field and open contest. Un-
told your plans for a compaign, and let them be
subjected to the scrutiny and censure which you
apply to the acts of others. Fail to do this, and
still keep up your clamor against the Administra-
tion, against the war, throwing obstacles m the
way to weaken our efficiency m prosecuting it,
and the nation will pass a judgment upon your
acts that will make you rue your temerity.
But the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] cut-
ting loose from his confederates to some extent, in
this unholy crusade against the Administration,
takes a higher and a bolder ground than merely
finding fault with the manner of conducting the
war, and assumes for his own country a position
utterly disgraceful for any civilized nation to occu-
py. He strikes at the very root of the whole mat-
ter, and declares that the war is unnecessary, and
therefore unjustifiable on our part—accusing, vir-
tually, his own country with waging an unjust
war, from no higher or nobler motives than a cru-
sade after public plunder. In assuming this most
extraordinary position, he took occasion to make
a fling for some of his Whig brethren who could
not go the whole extent of his doctrines—the be-
trayal of a fact which at least afforded some con-
solation, in this war of unrestrained denunciation.
It was consoling to find, from this partial attack,
that even all the Whigs could not be brought up
to the position of regarding their own nation as a
band of reckless plunderers upon foreign States,
^ie, sir, would not attempt to defend against such
an attack; any defence, however powerful, would
but weaken the spirit of that defence which would
spiing innate in the breast of every American citi-
zen at the bare recital of the charge.
In support of his position, the gentleman pro-
ceeded to review the causes of complaint of his
own country against Mcxico; and finding them
too well founded and too strongly supported to
be removed by any system of argument, he very
ingeniously resorted to the only weapons in a des-
perate cause, and introduced his levity, and opened
upon them the battery of his ridicule. He should
endeavor briefly to follow him—not jn his manner,
but in his matter—and demonstrate, that there were
national wrongs to be appeased, and national inju-
ries to be avenged, which even the mighty weapon
of ridicule could not laugh into disgrace; and
when a long succession of outrages were perse-
vered m, either from want of respect or an over
confidence in our friendly disposition, we were left
no other resort but to vindicate our honor with our
arms.
The honorable gentleman admitted wc had a
cause of complaint in the indebtedness of Mcxico
to our citizens, and her refusal to pay, and then
humorously offset it with a charge that some of the
States of this Confederacy did not pay their debts.
It see-med to be a perfect paliative for the wrong
of Mexico, in the gentleman's estimation, that he
could point out some other State equally faithless
in paying her debts. Now, he should not under-
take to defend those States that recklessly con-
tacted debts which they were unable to pay; nor
would he imitate the gentleman in holding up to
exposure the misdeeds of his own country. That
was a kind of assault he would leave to others, as
he had no ambition to become the defamer of his
own countrymen.
But, sir, to the facts. When Mexico revolted
from the government of old Spain, and set out to
establish a republic upon the same basis as our
own, it was everywhere hailed by the people of
the United States with one general burst of joy.
The feelings of our people were all enlisted in her
cause, and alive to her success. Jn many instances
they were led away by that excess of feeling to
become partakers in her cause. She succeeded,
and established a federative republic. To avail
herself of our superior intelligence and enterprise,
every inducement was held out to our people to be
participants in the enjoyment of that liberty which
they had won by their arms, hut which they were,
through the ambition of rival chiefs, destined
not long to enjoy. Our people opened the most
friendly intercourse and trade with them, and many
of them settled in the country, introducing me-
chanical arts and a spirit of enterprise before un-
known to that bigotted people. No sooner were
our people seduced there, and fettered with com-
mercial entanglements with them, than the fair
fabric which arose out of the revolution was pros-
trated in the dust, and anarchy reigned amidst
blood and carnage. The country was literally
torn to pieces by intestine commotions, promoted
by rival chiefs aspiring to power. The sword
supplanted the ballot-box in the arbitrament of
questions of state; the law was silenced amidst the
clashing of arms; no man was secure m his person
or property, and particularly the stranger, whom
the successful chief for the time being plundered at
pleasure. Against these outrages, the duped and
abused citizcns of the United States appealed to
their own Government for protection and redress.
Availing themselves of our known friendship for
them, every species of delay and procrastination
was resorted to. At last, however, we got up a
commission, and a portion of these debts were
acknowledged, and payment promised—and terms
of the most liberal character were given. Yet they
are not paid, and inability is not even pleaded.
Debts contracted upon our citizens by force, then-
justice acknowledged to the Government, and pay-
ment withheld without even palliating the insult
with an apology. Is there no cause of war in all
this ? Go ask the pages of history that record the
glorious deeds of our-ancestors, who laid the foun-
dation of this republic upon slighter grounds.
Another cause noticed by the gentleman, and
disposed of with equal levity, was the refusal of
Mexico to settle the boundary line between us. The
gentleman seemed to suppose that a sufficient off-
set was to be found for her dogged and insulting
conduct, in what he was pleased to term purchasing
a quarrel in the annexation of Texas. He did not
design repelling the gentleman's charge against his
own country of purchasing a quarrel, by going
into a vindication of the rights of Texas to dispose
of herself dispite the arrogant pretensions of Mexi-
co. He was disposed to regard questions as some-
times settled, and no longer open for discussion;
and if ever there was such a question, he thought
this was one. It had been most fully discussed,
adjudicated by both Governments, and ratified by
the people of each country that had any logitimate
interest in it; andTexas was now, under that decis-
ion, a pari of the Confederacy, and could only be
gotten out l>v a rcsoit to the infamous doctrine of
disunion. That Mexico had no right to complain,
though she arrogantly did so, is a question equally
well settled. Then the gentleman's charge simply
amounts to this, that if we, in our intercourse with
foreign states, equally as independent as Mexico,
and with governments more stable, presume to
form commercial or territorial alliances without
consulting her, and she in her arrogance takes ex-
ception to it, we are purchasing a quarrel. He
had no fancy for purchasing quarrels with any
nation, but whenever it came to this, that we had
to shape our foreign intercourse by the will of that
wild disordered anarchy, or take a quarrel on our
hands, tn the name of patriotism let us have the
quarrel. ^
Respecting too much her arrogant pretensions
towards Texas, and anxious to conciliate her good
will, we had already made concessions to Mexico,
which we could not, at the hazard of national
i honor, have made to a more* respectable Power,
i She cut oft' all national intercourse and recalled
I her Minister from our court. Yet our Govern-
i ment, anxious to heal all difficulties and appease
i her, sent them a Minister with full powers to treat
I on the matters of difficulty, and he was refused a
! reception. Application after application followed
| from our Government for an amicable adjustment,
i and were all treated with the same haughty dis-
; dain and contempt. And, finally, to cap the cli-
] max of her outrages, she attacked our troops upon
; the territory of Texas, and forced on open hostili-
ties. And yet we are told by gentlemen on the other
side that we forced on the war; and terms, which he
would not repeat, had been applied to that portion
of the message which so ably maintained the con-
trary. There could be no dispute about the facts
as to where the first blood was shed, or as to how
the battle began: the whole dispute was as to the
title to the territory on which it was fought. Texas,
one of the States of the Confederacy, claimed it;
Mexico claimed it, and stubbornly refused to settle
by treaty, where the boundary line really was.
Then the best position which the gentlemen can
assume upon this state of facts is, that it was dis-
puted territory; and, for the sake of the argument,
he would concede it. If, then, the territory was
in dispute, and Mexico was refusing to adjustami-
cably that dispute, and maintaining an unfriendly
position towards us, he submitted to gentlemen
whether we had not as much right there with our
army as Mexico? and, being there by force of
that right, and the attack coming from her, whether
she was not the aggressor in bringing on open
war? But he cared not who struck the first blow:
when war was rendered inevitable, it was credit-
able to the gallantry of our troops to be prompt in
the fight. Every act of Mexico rendered the shed-
ding of blood inevitable; and this was no place to
palliate the deed, or blot the crime from her his-
tor y.
But gentlemen again and again assert, that this
is the President's war; and that it is a war of usur-
pation; and the President himself is denounced as an
usurper. It was difficult to tell what gentlemen
meant by such wholesale assertions; but if they
meant to assert that this war was brought on by
the President, and maintained by him for his own
aggrandizement in contradistinction to the people,
he could only say that the assertion was wholly
gratuitous and unsupported by the facts. The
journal of that House would show a good many
participants in declaring the existence of the war,
and voting supplies for its vigorous prosecution.
When the news first came here that our little army
was assailed and in peril, and our patriotism pre-
dominated over the petty party squabbles of the
day, there were but fourteen to be found in this
Hall, who were not proud to share in the glory of
that war. Sir, what was the national response to
that declaration ? Did they say it was a President's
war' No, sir; the people, always ahead cf politi-
cians on great national subjects, had been patiently
waning to see Congress adopt some measure to
vindicate the national honor; and when they found
that we had been awakened from our lethargy, and
had moved in the matter, the joyous news was
hailed with unbounded applause from one end of
the republic to the other. Volunteers enrolled
themselves with a patriotic enthusiasm unparalleled
in any country. Yet, in1 the face of these stub-
born facts, gentlemen boldly assert the people are
against it, and that it is the President's war. The
President has maintained it with a patriotic ardor
and a singleness of devotion to his country that
does him immortal crcdit; but the people intend to
be sharers with him in its glory and renown.
But the President, it was said, had some vast
scheme of territorial aggrandizement. And why
this clamor? Was it because our arms had been
successful? Must the war necessarily assume
such a character, in the opinion of gentlemen,
simply because it was not disastrous? What was
the basis of this charge? Why, we were again
and again told, that our commanders were estab-
lishing governments in the conquered provinces,
of a permanent character. If this were even true,*
the President could not be amenable for it, until
he sanctioned and approved it. Itcould constitute
no charge against the President. But is it true in
relation to our gallant commanders? Have they
done anything to warrant this sweeping charge of
usurpation? No; he undertook to say that their
acts had been characterized by humanity, justice,
and a strict regard to the law of nations. By the
law of nations, the conquered province passes to
the conquerer, to be held by him subject to the
fortune of war, and its adjustment on the restora-
tion of peace; and, in the meantime, it is his duty
j to govern it in such manner as will secure its pos-
session, and at the same time give the greatest
security to his own troops. The preservation of
the conquest and the security of his own army,
constitute the measure of the power to be em-
ployed. Anciently, the conquered were regarded
as possessing no rights; and the arbitrary power of
the sword was the fate of the vanquished foe. But,
in this enlightened age, when even the fury of war
is tempered by the mild principles of Christianity,
