78
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jan. 1,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Seddon.
Ho. of Reps.
the gentleman has chosen to rest his strange pre-
tensions in behalf of the northern freemen, of aver-
sion on their part to the negro's presence, and of
contamination to them in his admission even to
the same territory with themselves, comports with
the philanthropic sympathies and clamorous out-
cries gentlemen of his school are so wont to affect
for the equality of the two races. Why, have the
northern freemen all at once become of such im-
perious port and delicate sensibility, that the taint
of a negro, even within the limits of a broad terri-
tory, cannot be allowed to come between <c the
wind and their nobility?'' Has the eye of cove-
tousness been so enlightened by visions of the fair
lands of the southwest that are to be exclusively
appropriated, as to discern radical infirmities and
inherent deformities in a race, with which good
neighborhood to their fellow-citizens of the South
and constitutional obligations could scarcely before
restrain them from fraternization and amalgama-
tion? Surely, the gentleman's ally in his present
•notable scheme, the honorable member from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] whose sympathies seem so en-
grossed, and imagination so beset by visions of
manacled and struggling negroes, that he has
neither feeling nor fancy for his own race and
color, will rise up and rebuke such mawkish sen-
sibilities and sudden antipathies. He, at least, will
not be contaminated by the presence or association
of the negro slave, but must desire that he shall be
near to his freemen of the North, that he may re-
ceive then* commiseration and solace.
Perhaps, Mr. Chairman, 1 have already dwelt
too long on that part of the argument of the gen-
tleman from New York, to which I have referred:
but, before I pass to another, I cannot forbear to
notice his vaunt of the achievements of the free-
men of the North, in subduing the wilderness and
ushering into being the thriving States of the
Northwest. There is the more reason to do so,
because, in such achievements, he seems to rest
some sort of claim for the exclusive privilege to
the freemen from the same quarter alone, to do
like good works m the wilds of the Southwest,
now or hereafter to be acquired by the Union.
Why, sir, it is perfectly true that, in an almost
incredibly brief space of time, the stout hearts
and sinewy limbs of the freemen of the North,
have won from the wilderness of A ires t and prai-
rie, and subjugated to culture and civili7ation, the
broad expanse of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Il-
linois, Michigan, and Iowa. For such bloodless
conquests they deserve honor even more than the
rich rewards of land and wealth they so plente-
ously enjoy. But, sir, is it no less true, that in
near about the same time, to the South,and within
the limits of the slaveholdmg regions, the wide
domains unci flourishing sovereignties of Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Missou-
ri, Arkansas, and Texas, have been with gallantry
and vigor at least equal, snatched from the wilder-
ness and morass, and established to illustrate the
beotficencc of man's tillage of the earth, and his
capabilities of advance in freedom, prosperity and
happiness. And although in these latter mighty
works, the labor of slaves, certainly, to a consid-
erable extent, co-operated, yet even in greater
measure the heads and hands of white freemen
were active and vigorous in the attainment of the
grand and peaceful results. Where then, sir, any
reason in the giant strides our Union has made
over the wilderness and the forest, for preference
to the freemen of the North over the slaveholdmg
population of the South? Let it be, and it ouglu
to be, in the future acquisitions of the Union, as
in those regions I have last alluded to, which were
open equally to the citizens of all sections with
their pioperty. Let the white men of the North
and of the South, each with privilege, if it so
pleases him, of taking slaves or any other pro-
perty that may aid his enterprise or facilitate his
comfortable settlement, be free to go forth, to-
gether occupy and subdue whatever widespread
wilderness or rugged forest you may now or here-
after acquire; and having cut out and filled up ter-
ritories till they have grown to the maturity befit-
ting sovereign States, let them determine for
themselves, according to their circumstances and
necessities, whether they will be free or slave
States. As they determine, in such character
admit them to full communion in the Union, com-
posed alike of slaveholdmg and free States. Ac-
cording, sir, to the established principle of that
liberty, u baptized American in the blood of the
Revolution," which proclaims that sovereignty re-
sides alone in the people, you can rightfully do
no more. While territories are in their chrysalis
state—during their pupilage—-you may watch over
and protect them; but what right have you to de-
bar these people from the admission and enjoy-
ment of the property recognised as theirs by the
Constitution of the country, and which on the
settlement and culture of a new country is of
peculiar and special advantage? To the people
alone, when from a territory they have grown into
a sovereign State, does it belong; to determine the
domestic/institutions they will establish, and the
character they will assign to property among
them; and their arbitrament can be no more right-
fully intercepted than appealed from. Such is the
demand of the fundamental principle of American
law, no less than, as I have, I trust, heretofore de-
monstrated, the clear obligation of the Constitu-
tion and of the equal right of the people of all the
States to participate in the acquisitions of the com-
mon sword and the common treasure of the
Union. *
Another of the pretexts of the gentleman from
New York for the exclusive appropriation of the
future acquisitions of the Union to the people of
the free States, is still more extraordinary than any
yet noticed. It is, that such exclusive appropria-
tion is " due to the white men who fight our bat-
tles and constitute our strength." This forces into
immediate consideration the present war with Mex-
ico, through which alone is there, indeed, any pres-
ent prospect of the acquisition of territory to the
Union, and the composition of the forces engaged
in its prosecution. I have heretofore, Mr. Chair-
man, had occasion to exhibit the share which the
slaveholdine; population of the South have ever
borne in forming the armies and braving the hard-
ships and penis of our national conflicts; and had
I sought the most apposite example to prove it, I
could not have selected a better than the one the
gentleman has so strangely forced upon me. There
have certainly been brave and gallant men furnish-
ed to our armies in Mexico from the Northwest,
and I doubt not in endurance and valor they have
not been surpassed, though surely equalled by
forces from other quarters. But it so happens,
that much the larger proportion, especially of our
volunteer army, has been contributed from the
slaveholding States. In that series of glorious
achievements which has wrested province after
province from Mexican rule, and added to the lus-
tre of our arms by triumph upon triumph, and in
that yet harder service which had to endure the
sufferings of the camp, and the pestilential exhala-
tions of the doleful Rio Grande, the volunteers from
the slavcholding States of Louisiana, Alabama,
Georgia, Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, and
Texas, from their superior numbers, have mainly
borne the brunt of battle and disease. Even now,
sir, from other southern States, slaveholders, or the
gallant sons of slaveholders, are thronging, with
patriotic ardor, to swell the ranks of their coun-
try's armies; and should the Amencan banner be
destined to float in triumph over another field of
glory, I doubt not to hear that unfading laurels
have crowned the brows of many of the gallant
sons of my native State; for never, in her palmiest
days, has the Old Dominion sent forth a band with
minds more fired to noble deeds, and souls more
full of lofty daring;, than that regiment which is to
have the honor of bearing her proud banneragainst
the shock of the foe, or up the " imminent deadly
breach." While such is the composition of our
armies in the field, is it not strange—passing strange
—that the gentleman from New York should select
such incentives to present them? Why, the larger
number of them know the peace of their homes
and the safety of their families to be wound up
with the institution of domestic slavery. They are
pledged by all association, feeling, and interest, to
favor whatever measures maintain and conserve it;
to discountenance and oppose to the uttermost what-
ever may assail or prejudice the stability of the in-
stitution, or the fullest enjoyment, by the master,
of his rights of property. When, to them, in their
far-off camps, struggling with wasting disease, or,
on the eve of a bloody conflict, shall come the in-
telligence of the proposition here gravely enter-
tained, to wrest from them and theirs the least par-
ticipation in whatever may be acquired by their
suffering or their blood; when they shall know that
their conquests are but to be the signal of insidious
assaults, and the array of all the potential influence
of the Federal Government against the institutions
of their fathers and themselves, and that this is
done under the pretence of what is dot to them, how
bitterly must they feel that mockery and insult are
added to the wrongand injustice perpetrated against
them.
Sir, the position in which the bill, carried out as
the gentleman proposes, would place the gallant
\ sons of the South, whether in your army or navy,
: would he positively cruel. If, would be utterly
impossible they could fight with ardor and zeal, if
at all. In the very face of the foe, their hearts
would be benumbed, their arms paralyzed, and
their indignation diverted from their enemies on
the field to their betrayers in the councils of their
country. They would know the outpouring of
their blood to be but a wasteful sacrifice; that suc-
cess to their arms was to their States and their
! homes less dangerous than disaster; that conquests,
' achieved by their valor, and purchased, perhaps,
with their lives, could never pertain to them or
theirs, but would only constitute the direct means
of attack on the rights of their section, the peace
of their homes, and the security of their families
and friends.
Mr. Chairman, in this view, as well as others,
how strange and inopportune the time selected by
the gentleman from New York, his instigators and
supporters, for their reckless agitation. Much
discussion has been wasted here in determining
whether any party in the country is lending " aid
and comfort" to the public, enemy. The phrase
is not of my selection, for I like not to impute
moral treason to any; but if doubt existed before,
the problem is now solved. If reckless agitation—
if ill-advised propositions here, of direct tendency
to encourage our enemies and depress our friends,
constitute moral treason, and give aid and comfort
to Mexico, why then, truly, in my opinion, has
the guilt been incurred by the gentleman from New
York and his supporters. He ought to have
known—the least inquiry would have satisfied
him—that the South never could, and never would,
prosecute conquests which were to be made the
instrument of direct attack on her institutions; that
I she never would acquiesce in the acquisition of
i territory from which her sons, with their prop-
j erty, were to be wholly excluded. We must be-
j lieve him sincere, when he maintains that on no
| other terms than such exclusion will the North
prosecute the war, or make acquisitions. Why,
sir, if this be the true state of things, it would
have been, in time of profound peace, humilia-
ting enough to have almost crushed an American
heart, to have made manifest to the country and
the world the mortifying fact that this great re-
public was the only nation on the globe that,
neither in peace nor war, could make an acquisition
of territory; that such was the jealousy of the
North towards the South, and the unfraternal and
invidious hostility of the people of the free States
to the domestic institutions of the slave States,
that the former would acquire no territory without
excluding the latter, with their property, from
equal participation in it; and that the latter had
both the strength and resolution not to permit such
injustice. But, sir, was it not foily in Us prime to
develop such latent weakness, if, indeed, it exists
in our federative system, in the midst of war with
a perverse and intractable enemy, whose main
reliance must be in the protraction of the contest,
and the distracting struggles among our parties and
sections? As it seems to many, almost the sole
means possessed by us of coercing our stubborn
foe to an honorable peace, are the seizure of her
territories, and the apprehensions we may excite
of her permanent dismemberment. This, sir, is
the very juncture the gentleman selects as pecu-
liarly appropriate to exhibit to Mexico and the
world that no danger whatever need he apprehend-
ed of the final retention of her provinces, and the
dismemberment of her empire, because, forsooth,
however many may be wrested from her by war,
the North will not retain them without excluding
the southern people; and the South will not con-
sent to that. What could more, than dissensions
on such questions, bring on our councils •* the
repute of foolishness" in the estimate of the civil-
