1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
29th Cong 2d Sess.
' The Slavery Question—Mr. Seddon.
Ho. of Reps.
ized world ? How could hope be more surely
infused in the councils, and animation be imparted
to the courage of the Mexican nation ? The direct
tendency must be not less to inspirit the Mexican
soldiery than, as I have heretofore shown, to
depress, and almost disarm, the larger portion of
our own armies; thus rendering the war of inter-
minable duration, if not of ultimate disaster and
defeat. If such reckless agitation be not giving
"aid and comfort to the enemy," then certainly
none on this floor, not even the gentleman from
Ohio, can be justly charged with it. I only trust in
God it may hot so prove, and to our bitter cost.
In this connexion, Mr. Chairman, I wish to ad-
dress some observations to that portion of the
northern Representatives on this floor who avow
their purpose to sustain the odious bill of the gen-
tleman from New York, and seem induced thereto,
in part, by their repugnance to the war as one for
southern acquisition, and their hope that through
the disgust which the bill will inspire m that quar-
ter, the war may be terminated, and our forces be
withdrawn. My course at the last session has
shown that, personally, I was anxious to avoid,
rather than to induce, much less precipitate, this
war. When, after hostilities had commenced on 1
the Rio Giande, and we were informed of the peril- j
ous straits in which our gallant army, surrounded
by double its number of active foes, was placed, I ;
was, indeed, most solicitous to give the promptest
and most efficient relief; but even then I still clung
to the hope of pacific settlement of all our differ-
ences with Mexico, and on the bill for the relief of
the army, voted against the amendment which re-
cognised and declared war. When, however, that
amendment prevailed by a decisive majority, no
alternative remained but either to deny all succor
for our endangered army, or to vote for the war.
I then did not hesitate to vote for it. I did so the
more readily, because I honestly believed that for
years before, and until our magnanimity was likely
to be mistaken for timidity, we had endured griev-
ous wrongs from the Mexican nation, and that but
recently we had been subjected to repetition of in-
sult and injury from her; and, although personally
I would have preferred to have forbore yet awhile,
I did not doubt that national honor and the law of
nations at least authorized, on our part, a declara-
tion of war. Against myself, therefore, and no
inconsiderable number of southern Democrats who
voted with me on that occasion, the charge so fre-
quently made here that this war was instigated
and precipitated from a lust of acquisition and with
a view to the extension of slavery and the aggran-
dizement of the South, falls hurtless and point-
less.
Further than may result from the rightful settle-
ment of the boundaries of Texas, as an individual,
I have no strong desire for the acquisition of terri-
tory in the present war; I have been inclined, how-
ever, to think that, in the settlement of an honor-
able peace, indemnities would have rightfully and
of necessity to be accorded us; and I have not seen
how else they could be rendered except by the
cession of territory on the part of Mexico. 1 have
likewise been disposed to believe that the extensive
vacant territories between us and the settled parts
of Mexico must ultimately, in despite of the most
honest efforts on the part of our Government to
avert it, attract and be occupied by our pioneering
population of the Westand South. I feared, there-
fore, these vacant territories would, hereafter,
prove the source of interminable difficulties and
wrangles between us and Mexico. They are at
the same time so far removed from the central gov-
ernment of Mexico, and must, under her rule, so
long be unsettled or distracted by adventurers and
savages, that I believe their loss would add to,
rather than diminish the real power and resources
of Mexico. With these views, I was and still am
disposed to think it would be wise and best for all
parties, that in settling the existing war by an hon-
orable treaty, arrangements should be made for the
retention by us, on liberal terms to Mexico how-
ever, of the sparsely populated or wholly unset-
tled territories of New Mexico and California. In
my opinion, neither of these acquisitions could re-
sult in any special advantages to the southern
States of the Union, since their occupation as
American territory and reduction to culture would
but furnish rival products, to reduce, in the mar-
kets of the world, the grain and great staples of the
South. To the republic at large, and especially to
the maritime and manufacturing interests of the
North, I had supposed both would prove valuable
acquisitions, and that California in particular, from
her bays and harbors on the Pacific, would afford
invaluable facilities for our participation in, and
perhaps engrossment of, the lucrative commerce of
that ocean.
The gentleman to whom I am referring will see,
Mr. Chairman, how widely variant these views
are from those of mere sectional aggrandizement
or the mere extension of slave territory. But, I
repeat, I certainly am not, nor do I believe the
people of the South generally are, specially solicit-
ous for those acquisitions at all; and while they
have no unfraternal jealousies which would deny
their acquirement, because to result in superior
benefit to another section of the Union, they would
cheerfully see them all foregone in the attainment
of a stable peace on terms satisfying the real griev-
ances we have endured and the honor of the re-
public. Now, I would say to the gentleman to
whom T refer, I see not how, by passing the offen-
sive bill of the gentleman from New York, they
would approximate to the attainment of an hon-
orable peace. I have heretofore shown—satisfac-
torily, 1 trust—that the course of that gentleman
and all acting with him must animate the Mexi-
cans, inspire'them with new hopes, and increase
their stubborn intractability. By voting for that
odious bill, gentlemen may indeed succeed in pre-
cluding the acquisition of further territories. Cer-
tainly, in my opinion, they will; for I see not
how, with that bill a law, the South can possibly
vote a dollar or a man to effect conquests in which ,
her people are not merely refused all share, but
which are to be made the immediate means of at-
tack on their institutions and property. But, sir,
I entreat gentlemen who may intend to vote for
that bill wholly or m part from that view, not to
delude themselves with the belief that the effects
of such a law are to end there. Most wretchedly
will they be deceived. In contrast with the effects
of that law, the question of the prosecution of the
war—of the acquisition of the most extensive ter-
ritories—shrinks into insignificance. It is to in-
volve, sir, the momentous isnue of the union of these
States.
Let gentlemen only pause and reflect on the
character of the proposed bill. Let them remember
it proposes a prospective, permanent, fundamental
law for-the action of this Government in all time;
that its clear aim is to direct the legislation, and
enlist the whole influence, moral and political, of
this common Union, to discountenance the institu-
tions of the South, and to impair and restrict the
rights of her people to their most valuable prop-
erty; that under the pretext of seeking:, in Jesuiti-
cal phraseology, to "elevate and dignify the con-
dition and character of labor," these northern
gentlemen make it one of the chief objects of this
Government to stigmatise the institutions and de-
preciate and impair the labor and property of the
people of one-half the Stages of the Confederacy.
That they wholly deny to that people the equality
on which is based the Constitution itself, and ex-
clude them, with their property, from all participa-
tion in the acquisition of the common blood and
treasure of the Union; and that, instead of making
their institutions and property the objects of the
equal protection and conservation of the Federal
Government, all its piacticable agencies are to be
invoked to discountenance and insidiously subvert
them. The gentleman from New York does, in-
deed, venture the assurance—as the extent of the
ri«-ht and mercy to be graciously vouchsafed to the
people of the South—that this Federal Govern-
ment will not directly overthrow and subvert
the institution of slavery in the States where it
exists. That is, in effect, (and how gracious, in-
deed !) our common Federal Government will not
openly plunder the people of one-half the States of
their most valuable property. It will only, by its
whole influence, and all the insidious agencies^ its
legislature can command, undermine their institu-
tions, and filch away, by slow degrees, their rights
of property and the value of their labor. How far
it is fear or scruple that deters from moie open and
direct assaults, I leave to the casuist who, from the
character of men, may detect their motives.
Mr. Chairman, we have had agitations and
wrongs more than enough, for twelve years past,
to bear from our northern fellow-citizens on this
subject of slavery. Numerous societies have been
tolerated among them, whose sole vocation it was
to defame the character and assail the peace and
property of the slaveholders of the South. Sov-
ereign States of the North, and those the most in-
fluential, among them Massachusetts and New-
York, have passed resolutions insulting to the feel-
ings, and have enacted laws in direct conflict with
the guarantied rights of the people of the South.
The courts of the Union—nay of your own States—
have in vain pronounced your laws to be uncon-
stitutional. You repeal them not, and mobs en-
force them, until it has come to such pass, that
the slaveholders of the South, having their prop-
erty enticed or stolen to the North, must forego
the plain remedies of an acknowledged law of the
Union, enacted in conformity to a solemn provision
of the Constitution, and forfeit their property,
rather than encounter the peril of a foul death or
disgraceful imprisonment as felons. But, sir, these
wrongs, gross as they are, have been all the acts
of individuals or of separate States. Hard to en-
dure as they were, we have forborne, because they
could be measurably met and repelled by the asso-
ciated action of our people, or by the counteract-
ing legislation of the slaveholding States. On one
matter, heretofore, this unfraternal and hostile agi-
tation has even crept into and infected this Hall—
a portion of one of the coordinate departments of
this Government—and then, sir, for a time, as all
must but too solemnly remember, the Union trem-
bled. But it was cloaked under the guise of an
alleged connexion with the right, so sacred in
the minds of the people, of petition, and in con-
sideration of the delusion which, most erroneous-
ly, as I think, carried away many from that
cause, it after a wnile ceascd to startle and ex-
cite, as it ought, the southern people. But, sir,
not now have we to despise the insane ravings
of associated fanatics or the disgraceful violen-
ces of mobs, neither to view merely with indig-
nation the invidious resolution? and unconstitu-
tional enactments of northern States, nor yet to be
staitled at the unbecoming action of one of the
parts of the National Legislature. But should the
offensive bill of the gentleman from New York
pass, as from the sentiments of northern represen-
tatives seems but too likely, we shall be aroused
indeed, and by a widely different spectacle. The com-
bined action of all the departments of this Gov-
ernment—the Government of the Confederation
itself—with all its agencies of moral and political
influence will have been enlisted in a direct at-
tempt to subvert the fundamental equality of the
Constitution—in an insidious design to undermine
the institutions of one-half of the States, and to
stigmatize and depreciate their property and their
labor. The palpable exclusion of slaveholders,
with their property, from the joint acquisitions of
common treasure and blood, would alone have
sufficed; but the indirect influences and potent
moral agencies thus, by the legislation of the re-
public, arrayed against our propertyand our peace,
mmeiasurably exceed even that direct wrong. The
people of the South never could and never would
endure it. The heritage of their fathers would be
at stake—their own honor would be at hazard—
the peace of their homes the loves and the affec-
tions that cluster around their hearthstones—the
security of their State and their friends—the for-
tunes and the lives of their wives and their fami-
lies, would all be wrecked in the final issues of
such agencies, unresisted and unrepelled by them.
The Union would and must be first sacrificed. I
utter this in no spirit of bravado or menace; I
know the people of the South, and I believe it.
Neither, sir, do I mean to found upon it any en-
treaty or supplication to the people of the North,
or their representatives here. I have none to pre-
sent; and if, in the admirable speech of my friend
from Alabama, 1 had any, the least fault to find, it
was that his tone was somewhat too depiecatory.
For the North I have warning, indeed, while it is
yet time—remonstrance, too, if it would avail, and
even appeal, if it would be heeded—not, however,
to feeli gorsympathy,butto their sense of justice
and equal rights. Sir, as I have said, we plant
ourselves on the Constitution. We demand only
equality of right—full communion and participa-
tion in the privileges of our common Union. We
• lest on that which is more immutable even than
