80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 28,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Sawyer.
Ho. of Reps.
the most sacred instruments of man's framing—on
the eternal principles of sheer justice and equality,
and then, sir, if disunion be forced upon us, let it
come. Not on us of the South, I am satisfied,
-would its disasters mainly fall. Par from it; and
I most heartily wish my time would allow me, as
I had intended, to demonstrate of how infinitely
greater weight would be the calamities resulting to
the North. I admonish the representatives of that
section to be wise in time. If not, you will see
the sources of your prosperity drying- up at the
fountain heads. The great staples of southern
production, which have fed your commerce, built
up your cities, and sustained your trade the world
over, will have been transferred to the fleets and
marts of other nations. The ever-increasing de-
mands of the agriculturists of the South for the
products of manufacture and mechanical labor, the
supply of which, under the peculiar privileges of
the Union, reared your factories and filled your
workshops, will have been answered by a rival
nation of skill and capital surpassing yours. Your
lords of the loom and shuttle—your merchant
princes—your wealthy mechanics and thriving la-
borers—will all have felt the gloom of a common
" cloud come athwart the sunshine of their pros-
perity." And when half your ships lie rotting at
the wharfs—your factories are crumbling stone by
stone—your workshops resound no longer with
the busy hum of industry—and your cities are
dwindling to half their size, you will mourn the
desolation that has overtaken you, and, in sack-
cloth and ashes, repent the " madness that ruled
this hour," You may then remember, amid oil
the bitterness of irretrievable loss, the appeal this
dav made in vain to your wisdom and justice,
and the representative of the South, who, while
avoidance of the coming danger was yet easy, with
candor and fearlessness told you only the honest
trnth.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MB~ W. SAWYER,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
Monday, December 28, 184G.
On the Resolutions to refer the President's Mes-
sage to the appropriate Standing Committees.
Mr. SAWYER said, that he certainly should
not have taken part in the present debate, hut for
some of the remarks made a few days since by two
of his colleagues, [Messrs. Giddings and Root.]
These gentlemen had, in the plenitude of their good
feelings, fVeely indulged in speculations on the ex-
isting war calculated to put their own country in
the wrong, and Mexico in the right. Sentiments
of this character, reflecting upon the administra-
tion of the Government, did gross injustice to the
American nation. Thev misled the people, and
paralyzed the arm of tlie brave, patriotic volun-
teers, who had rushed to the thickest of the con-
flict to bleed and fall on the soil of a foreign foe.
I rise (said Mr. S.) indignantly to repel remarks
of this description, and to hold up to the sneering
gaze of their deluded authors that true delineator
of the human heart, the mirror of their own manu-
facture, where they can see and mark their own
deformities. But singular (continued Mr. S.) as
hna been the course of my colleagues and others
m t)iis debate, I shall by no means be surprised,
if before the close of the present session, they
should all be found occupying the ground of pro-
fessed friends of the war, and loading down the
Piesident with their indignant anathemas that he
did not push on the fight with greater zeal and
energy.
[Mr. GIDDINGS here attempted an interrup-
tion, but Mr. Sawyer not yielding the floor, he
said nothing worthy of note, except asking the
qurstion, whether he (Mr. G.) had ever changed
his course on the subject of the war.]
Mr. SAWYER rejdied that he was not pretend-
ing he had. I was speaking (said Mr. S.) of the
course of the Federal party here—of the loud de- j
nunciations of the President—of his threatened t
impeachpiem, and of the furious anathemas which, |
thick as hailstones, have fallen everywhere around 1
us from the Federal batteries of this House. Yes, \
sir, of these I was speaking; and I now venture i
to repeat the prophecy, that I would not be sur-
prised if this same party, thus arraigned against
their country, should soon turn a short corner, and
actually be charging the President with not crowd-
ing up the war with sufficient energy.
What, sir, have been the leading causes of this
rupture with Mexico? On what foundation does
it rest? Who are its authors ? What was its ori-
gin? Where did it begin? Sir, let us look over
the swelling catalogue of insult and abuse we have
received from that unfortunate military despotism
with whom we are now in conflict. Where, sir,
are our long-delayed claims upon that boasted
country of silver mines which built up the solid
columns of the ancient Montezumas ?
Rich and powerful, wallowing'in the wealth of
a soil whence is dug the mineral that supplies half
he world with their currency—where stands our
long-neglected indemnity ? Spoliations upon our
commence, sir, were among the numerous outrages
out of which this war has necessarily grown.
The President in his message has presented us
with a full recapitulation of these various wrongs,
and they need not be repeated here. Long before
annexation was attempted, or even dreamed of,
serious difficulties existed between the two nations.
Their respective ministers had mutually with-
drawn ere annexation was a subject of discussion.
The unpaid claims of our suffering citizens were of
themselves ample!cause of war. Both General Jack-
! son and Mr. Van Buren, when in the presidency,
• had declared the conduct of Mexico, in the non-set-
tlemcnt of these claims, a justifiable cause of war.
I have (said Mr. S.) an abstract of these claims
now befoie me. I will only take time, in illustia-
tion of this matter, to make reference to one among
them, and that is the claim of a citizen of Maine,
whose vessel had been wantonly pressed into the
Mexican service for the transportation of Mexican
troops. While thus forced by the strong arm of
power to yield obedience to the mandate of authori-
ty, the Mexicans rose upon the captive crew, mur-
dered their commander and mate, run the vessel into
a Mexican port, and threw all on board into the
dungeon prison of a mob of outlaws. For this,
and for acts like this, we claimed an indemnity that
has never been discharged. I trust, sir, that the
instance here alluded to—only one among a cata-
logue of outrages, the bare mention of which is
enough to redden every true American cheek—will
sufficiently demonstrate the justice of a war that
seeks remuneration for injuries so high-handed and
flagrant. And now, sir, m view of this singular
discussion, its causes and conscqucnces, I have one
serious proposition to make to my colleague who
spoke last upon this subject, [Mr. Root,] that, as
I am quite desirous that his peculiar speech should
circulate m my district, 1 hereby propose that we
exchange lists, that his speech be sent among my
people, and I will, with great pleasure, see that
mine goes among his constituents. [A laugh.]
Certainly these can be viewed in no other light than
as terms perfectly equitable and fair; but 1 will
venture the prediction, now, that the proposition
will not be accepted. Nothing, surely, can be
better calculated to make democrats in Ohio than
just such speeches; and I hope, for the good of the
cause, they may be multiplied around us thick and
fast.
In further reference, sir, to the particular wrongs
we have suffered, and the special grounds and
causes of the war in which we are now involved,
I take occasion to make a short quotation from a
man who once stood deservedly high in this coun-
try: I allude to John Forsyth, of Georgia, sir. In
one of his official communications as Secretary of
State, in 3837, he says:
k< These wrongs are of a character which cannot be toler-
ated bv any Government endued w ith a just self-respect, with
proper icgaid for the opinions of other nations, or With an
enlightened concern for the permanent welfare of tho<-e
portion* of ltd people who may be mteiested in foreign com-
merce. Treasiue belonging to citizens ot the United States
lias been seized by Mexican ofht ers in its transit from the
capital to the coaM;. Vessels of the United States have been
captured, detained, and condemned, upon the most fnvolous
pretexts. Duties haveheeu exacted upon others, notoriously
against Jaw, or without law. Otheis have been emplojed,
and in some in-tances iccuved m the Mexican seivice,
without compensation to their owners. Citizens of the
(Jrnted States have been imprisoned tor long periods of
tune, without being informed of the odcnces with winch
they may have been charged. Others have been murdeied
and lobbed by Mexican officers on ilie high seas, without
any attempt having been made to bring the guilty to jus-
Here, sir, we see for what our President has
been so flagrantly and unscrupulously denounced.
Here, sir, m glaring colors stand out some of the
prominent grounds of the conflict we arc now
waging with deluded Mcxico. Here, at a glance,
may be seen a synopsis of some of the injuries
we have suffered, the daring outrages for which
we seek redress; and the same blue-light Fede-
ral spirit that burnt upon our soil in the two wars
waged with England is now blazing around us.
The same disposition to put our own country in
the wrong, exists now that existed then. The
same shameless denunciation of the President and
his friends prevails now, that did when a foe more
powerful stood in arms around our homes and our
firesides.
Our young and rising Americans should be
made, everywhere, to understand the true nature
of this contest. They compose the true " sinews
of war/' sir, and on them we must depend in the
hour of need.
It is my intention, sir, (said Mr. S.,) before I
sit down, to go into a comparison of some of the
choice language now employed by the opponents
of this war, with that which distinguished the blue-
lights of New England in the Revolution, and in
the last war. Fearless of all consequences, 1 shall
endeavor to hold up the portraits of these beau-
tiful blossoms of American patriotism to the rebuke
of this House and of this nation. ''Truth is
mighty, and will prevail," sir. It is not merely
for my antagonists here that I speak. It is for the
benefit of the rising age of this community—for
the sake of the younger classes of our citizens—
those not only who are very soon to succeed to the
places we occupy here, but also to all the honors
of this Government, that I have presumed, with
the capacity that the God of nature has given me,
to unfold some of the past sayings and doings of
the Fedeial party in this country whenever the
sound of war has been heard in our land.
We have seen, sir, that insult and injury the
most palpable and glaring have been wantonly vis-
ited upon us by Mexico. We have seen that she
has impressed our seamen, captured our vessels,
and thrown their crews into dungeons; and we
have seen, too, that she has robbed and murdered
American citizens upon the great highway of na-
tions. And are all these aggressions and abuses—
these high-handed and downright insults—to be
considered no sufficient cause of war? In the days
of our revolutionary sires, a small tax upon tea,
(not tea and coffee,) and the unlicensed imprison-
ment of a few of our brave seamen, drew down upon
Britain's head that war, sir, which achieved our
independence; and the same Federal cry that raised
the howl upon the track of our little army then, the
same muttering complaints of injustice to the en-
emy, the same deep-drawn sighs and groans, the
same objections to appropriations and to expenses,
the same identical language, sir, were employed in
that disastrous hour of desolation that we now find
filling this Hall with its echoes, and crowding the
columns of the Federal journals throughout this
nation.
Yes, hold up the picture, sir; the opponents of
the last war characterize this as a war of aggres-
sion—a wanton invasion of foreign territory; but
the American people readily comprehend the full
force of all this wild denunciation. The Presi-
dent's message has settled that matter. Every
man in this country now understands it; and the
same judgment awaits it that was pronounced
upon the Cockade party in '76. In the eyes of
the Federalists, we never did do anything in the
way of fighting, but we were always in the wrong-.
How wretchedly unfortunate that we are never in
the right! And the authors of this are none other
than the identical set of political beauties who,
whether our country be right or wrong, are ever
found fighting us in time of war, and who profess
to indulge a holy horror for all further extension
of our territory. They dislike, it seems, owning
any more land; and in this they afford a practical
' illustration of the enlarged views of some of the
1 early New England Puritans I once heard of in
my schoolboy days, who "only wanted great
America to own jist that little narrow strip way
down from Bostingtown to Lake Memphpemiigog,
in Varmount State. They would go in for quantity
clean to Magog, any how, and they'd be darn'd if
they'd go one inch further."
