1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
29th Cong 2i> Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Sawyer.
New Series No. 6.
I am about to turn back a little, and see how far
I am borne out in the position I have taken here.
It is sometimes well enough to refresh our recol-
lection of the past in these matters, I am about
to show that two or three of my colleagues here—
they who have recently let loose such a flood of
patriotism upon us—are really good at copying;
and that the old parent stock, who wept over the
triumph of our arms in the war of liberty, have
faithfully perpetuated their principles in the blood
of their descendants. These latter, sir, are identi-
cally the same old Federal party. "Ah! (say
they,) not Federalists, but Whigs—we are the
Whig party." Yes! and how long since you
dodged under the wing of Whigery? Some
twelve or fourteen years. How runs that remark-
able old saying, "assumed the livery of heaven to
serve the devil in''—I forget the words exactly,
but this is its purport. Legitimately, sir, the Fed-
eralists of 1812 are Federalists now. They have
never been able to shake off that old colonial garb
of monarchy, which taught the doctrine that it
was " unbecoming a moral and religious people to
rejoice at our victories." I shall go back (said
Mr. S.) to revolutionary times. 1 shall endeavor
to trace out a little of the early history of these
precious representatives of American Federalism,
as it was in other days. I do not charge them
"with being Tories—a term so harsh might be
deemed rude in me—but I imagine that a stranger,
listening to the language of the Tories of the Revo-
lution, and hearing the slang of the so-called Whig
party of the present day, would be mightily puz-
zled to discover the difference. Be this as it may,
sir, " out of their own mouths shall they be judg-
ed;" themselves being judges," as we recently
heard in the sermon of our Chaplain. [A laugh.]
The Federal party caught up the name of Whig
about the year 1834. Anterior to that period they
had been as speckled as a chequer-board with
names. They had been known under the various
designations of " National Republican party,1' the
6i anti-war party," " the American system party,"
"the Administration party," "the American peace
party," and " all the decency party." Under all i
these watch-cries they rallied, and were prostrated.
At every election they found it necessary to change
their party name; but at every trial they met with
nothing but discomfiture and defeat. Then agrand
consultation was held—all the round-toed Feder-
alists from every quarter of the Union put their
heads together to hit upon some name under which
the broken fragments of the party could again
rally with better success. That of Whig—the name
of the very party which triumphantly broke them
down in the war of Independence—was finally
fixed upon as the false garb under which they
were to continue to drive on the battle against the
Democracy; and the? like fatality has attended
them under this new cognomen. Wherever they
fly, sir, they cannot escape the deadly poison that
federalism breathes. It is a taint that has no cure.
Federalist! Yes, sir, Federalist is the word.
In spite of all the stratagems, shiftings, and in-
trigues of that party—in the face of all its twist-
ings, turnings, and changes, it is "the same old coon
still.9' And what better, sir, than open treason
itself, is the name and the creed of a party under
whose sable flag the enemies of freedom every-
where rallied to cry down the first and second war
of liberty, and who are now mingling their sad and
melancholy wailiugs over poor, disconsolate, en-
feebled, and oppressed Mexico? Federalist! that
" old, time-honored party," sir, that could look on
the crumbling luins of revolutionary fires with a
smile—which could weep tears of sympathy for
the misfortunes of our oppressors—that faithful,
devoted band of worthies who stood firm in Eng-
land's cause—those who adopted that name and
title, sir, which, amid the clangor of war and the
struggles of battle, was so lovingly hugged to the
bosoms of American monarchists, lias Tost none of
its original beauties or perfections by time. No,
sir, a Federalist then, is a Federalist now. The
same leopard spots that marked him then, cling to
him still. Dodge it, as they may attempt, under
the false and deceitful garb of TVhig, (a name, by
the way, which they stole from the very party
they sought to overthrow,) the word Federalist
will hang to them like the shirt of Nessus. The
name which they have assumed they have proved
themselves unworthy to wear. Yes, sir, Federal-
6
ist is the word, and the only word, befitting the
princi pies of the British party in this country. Let it
then be indellibly fixed upon them. Pass it round.
Let the public press (that true palladium of
liberty) give it a renewed denunciation throughout
this land; and let us be careful hereafter, and see
that no petition for a forgiveness of past political
sins and iniquities be for a single moment enter
tained by the Democratic family of the nation, ex-
cept such as shall come completely wrapped in
sackcloth and ashes.
Since the commencement of this debate, sir, I
have been looking, cursorily, into our American
Archives: and what scenes of iniquity are there
unfolded ! The limits allowed me in this discus-
sion will permit me to notice but few of them. In
June, 1776, I find that one Jlbrarn Cuyler was tried
and condemned at Albany, in the State of New
York, as a revolutionary tory. The following was .
the charge brought against him: He is proved to
have said, " If twelve or fourteen of the ringleaders
* out of the town of Albany were hanged, matters
' would not be cairied on as they now aie, to dc-
' prive the people of their just rights by their arbi- I
i trary proceedings; that he was a friend to the •
' Constitution of Great Britain, and the good order i
{ of government; and that England never meant to
'distress America; that we brought the war upon
' ourselves; that the Americans were acting in open .
* rebellion; that many of the Congress had sinister
' views, and meant only to make their fortunes." j
And further, that " he has, by artful and insinu- j
1 ating speeches, endeavored to depreciate the con- j
(tinental currency," &c. " It would be needless," j
say the proceedings, " to enumerate the many scan- j
' dalous speeches he has made use of against his bleeding <
c countnj, as a further confirmation, in our opinion, !
i of his unfriendly behavior." j
One Jlndrew Patchen, was on trial at the same ■
period. " It was proved that said Patchen damned \
' the Congress for declaring war, and used towards :
' them very abusive language; and if those present :
4 (a Jatge number) should agree with him, he
'would resist and oppose Congress, and ail military i
4 officers and others holding commissions under'
' the Congress. He particularly abused Colonel :
4 William Floyd; said the devil would get him, for \
' he would go to hell for what he had done, and so j
' would Captain Nathan Rose and Lieutenant Wil- >
1 liam Baker; and he persuaded all present to agree !
' to go to no more trainings, saying that he nor j
' any of his should do so; closing by the remark, [
f that all who did not agree with him were 4 worse I
' than infidels" j
Such was the course of some of our revolution- !
•€iry Federalists, who gave " aid and comfort to the
enemy;" and they called those who thus behaved, !
" Tories;" but at this late day, the same kind of '
language is used towards our bleeding country, and i
those who use it call themselves <k Whigs "// / j
They once, and recently, had another cognomen,
with which we are all familiar, which they set j;
forth as emblematic of their principles, " that same m
old coon." I have, said Mr. Sawyer,some know- |.
ledge of this animal. His habits are peculiar. To j:
avoid its pursuers, by breaking the trail, it would ;
run up a tree, and, climbing to the extremity of the I,
outmost branches, would drop thence upon the |
ground; or, if the tree leaned against or touched \\
another tree, it would run down that. At other I
times it would throw itself into a stream, and con- |:
tinue its progress in the water for a great distance, ;
so that its track should be hidden, and nothing left j,
by which its course could be traced. Just such r
had been the course of the Whig party. At one j
time they called themselves "Federal Reptibli- i
cans;" but they dropped that to avoid being track- Ji
ed; then they dived down and took the water, m
and came out " American System" men; but their ji
pursuers were still at their heels tracing out the :!
identity of the party from name to name. At last,
after a long break, they were once more seen as ■
"Whigs;" and then the Democratic party were ;
obliged to resort to facts to provd that it was still
thelsame " crittur." Now, His colleague [Mr. j
Giddings] told the nation m his speech, that all !'
the precious blood spilt in Mexico would be found j;
on the President's skirts, aiid he threatened him j
with judgment beyond the limits of time; his only \
wonder had been that the pulpit had not taken a 1
more conspicuous stand against the war. And, as j
the best possible proof of the deep-rooted Federal '
principles of one of my honored colleagues, [Mr.
Giddings,] I here make a liberal extract or two
from his late speech upon this floor. Here is the bold
charge he unscrupulously levels against the Presi-
dent of the United States. I almost tremble in my
shoes for the poor, defenceless victim of attack.
If he really survives, under the guns of such a bat-
tery, he will indeed be bullet-proof against one, of
the deadliest fires that ever raked an enemy.
"But, sir, this is an Executive wnr. It was commenced
by his orders. He directed our army to leave ' Corpus
Ohristi,' to enter the Mexican settlements, and to take a
position upon the c Rio Grande,' without advising with Con-
gress. It was under his orders that the battles of 4 Palo
Alto' and < Resaea de la Palmu' were fought. The lamented
Rmgj?oJd, and those who fell with him in those sanguinary
j conflicts, together ivith those who bled at Fort Brown, were
j victims to his unhallowed ambition. For their loss he is
j responsible at'the bar of public sentiment. Before the peo-
' pie of this nation I charge him with their murder. The im-
precations of those who were there rendered widows, and
ofthose made orphans, and of those who were there ren-
dered childless, mu«*t in coming time rest on him. And in
the day of final retribution, the blood of ouf slaughtered
countrymen will be required at his hands. In that dread
j responsibility I will take no shar<*. Against this war, in all
, it? forms, I ever have, and ever shall, put forth my humble,
but my earnest ellorts.
i cc A few day- since, a political friend of the President, in
debate on thi^ fiooi, complained that the religious sentiment
of the nation had been invoked against this war. Sir, every
| principle of our holy religion comes in conflict with this
! war. What, &ir? will you talk to Chri.-stians about sending
i an aimy to invade a neighboring nation ? to shoot down our
i brethren ofMexico upon their own soil? to storm their for-
j tifications, to cannonade their cities, to involve whole fami-
; lies, consisting of all ages and of both sexes, in those rcvolt-
' ing scenes of blood and slaughter, which were witnessed at
| Monterey and at Tabasco ? Can we expect Christians to
remain silent while reading the dark list of damning crimes
which have been committed upon a weak and distracted
people, by those armed mffians and murderers who have
been commissioned by this Government to make war upon
our fellow beings on the other side of the Rio Grande ?"
Here is a specimen of the old Federal spirit
that found favor in the New England pulpits in the
war of the Revolution. But further hear this moral
teacher on the horrors of war* Again he says:
uls it expected that the religious sensibilities of ourppople
will dumber in silence, while our nation thus £ reeks with
crimes which smell to heaven:' Will the President and
lu^ suppoi teis binother the religious feelings of the nation ?
Will they silence the voice of those whose vocation is to
proclaim (peace on earth and good will to men?' It appears
to me thatmoiai d.nknef-s lm* spread over ourland, or these
things would not have passed by so silently. I regret to say
that the clergy have not spoken on J:his subject as becomes
I the ( ministers of the gospel of peace.' The history of the
; world shows that national crimes have ever beet) foIJow-
1 ed by national judgments. This Government has hurried
' to premature graves, without any just cause, at least four
thousand human beings, who ha(J committed no crime,
neither had they offended u«, or our Government. Many
thon«ands in this Government and in Mexico have been
clad in mourning, and afflicted with the loss of husbands,
brother^, and son<<. And can we hope to escape the ppnalty
so manifestly due to our national crimes? Do we expect
that the immutable law of justice will be suspended ofr
repealed, in order that our nation may pa^s unpunished?
Sir, I would earnestly invoke every preacher of the gospel,
every professor of our holy religion, every lover of his
countrj, to put forth his utmost influence to stop this tide
of crime, of physical and moral death, now rolling over
Mexico."
What name shall be given to language like this?
What shall it be called ? If it deserve a milder
designation than that under which the trials at
Albany were had—if, indeed, it is really anything
but old Fedeidlism, double distilled—if demon-
strations like these really come short of " giving
that aid and comfort" to the enemy which has
been spoken of, in the name of all that is sacred,
where did it receive its baptism ? Who, sir, is the
man thus boldly arraigned and charged before high
heaven with the blood of the heroic spirits who
weltered and fell in the battle-strife at Palo Alto
and at Monterey? He is none other than the great
civil head of the American nation ; the man who,
without the voice of Congress, has neither the
power to make or declare war. As the Execu-
tive of the Government, he was requiied to act in
the prior negotiations, and all these, sir, breathe a
spirit of forbearance and a desire for conciliation
worthy the high place he holds- In all possible
ways, and by all possible means, the President
sought a settlement of existing difficulties without
the necessity of an appeal to arms; and m this,
sir, he was nobly seconded by the Cabinet around
him. Mr. Walker once observed, that " on the
subject of war he was almost a Quaker." Mr.
Secretary Marcy, at the head of the War Depart-
ment, once beautifully said, that " war has been
• the severest scourgc which has afflicted the human
' family, and peace among nations their happi«®t
