1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Bedinger.
Ho. of Reps.
■would very discreetly, and very wisely too, back
out from all further battle with them, and leave
them in undisputed possession of all we have
taken from them, including no doubt the whole of
Texas, even as far as the Sabine.
But many of his compeers are much more gal-
lant and daring than himself, albeit they are less
discreet. 7'liey do not deem the paltry Mexicans
worthy of their steel until they have three times
armed them! Gallant and chivalrous souls 1 they
cannot consent to prosecute this war until they
have proved to the world that it is unjust and un-
holy. They cannot strike a blow until they have
arrayed the enemy in the garb of justice, and
placed in his hand her flaming sword ! And yet
for the world, for the world they would not be
regarded as giving "aid and comfort" to the ene-
my; and the President is denounced because in
his opinion this tripple armor is calculated to lend
him aid and comfort!
But, Mr. Chairman, having so broadly asserted
that this war is unjust, 1 did hope that the gentle-
man from Ohio would favor us with some proofs
going to sustain the bold position which he had
assumed. And I was not a little astonished, when
listening for facts, to hear the gentleman coolly
inform us, " that when he came to write out his
speech he would quote some authorities."
Sir, I was foolish enough to suppose that the
gentleman's remarks were made to influence this
committee, to have weight with this House, in
order that its future legislation might bo in accord-
ance with his views. 1 was not aware that the
gentleman was speaking for the benefit.of the
whole world in general, and for the Mexican
world in particular, and that the authorities which
he promised to quote, were meant for the benefit
of those who should read, and not for those who
should hear his speech. But, sir, let us examine,
•without prejudice, some of the positions taken by
that gentleman, and others of his party, and see if •
they are tenable. It has been said that we sought I
an unjust cause of quarrel with Mexico, because
she could not pay us what she owed us, and that i
we found it much more easy to find cause of com- j
plaint against her, our weak neighbor, than against j
Great Britain, our more powerful rival. Sir, is i
there any truth or any force in that assertion ? :
Did we ever attempt unjustly to exercise our su- j
perior power over Mexico ? Did we ever play the j
tyrant towards that republic, which we were ever |
willing and anxiofts to regard as a sister? How j
long did we forbear, how long did we patiently
endure tiie wrongs and outrages perpetrated upon
us by that distracted and most unreasonable coun-
try.' How long did we tender the olive branch,
and magnanimously strive to obtain justice with-
out violence ? Sir, if we had sought an unjust
quarrel with Mexico, if we were the ruthless ma-
rauders which gentlemen would have the world
believe us; if we had greedily coveted the lands
and rich possessions of Mexico, and sought un-
justly to wrest them from her, what more favor-
able opportunity could possibly have occurred to
us than when, weak and distracted, feeble and im-
becile, she found herself unable to contend with
the brave sons of Texas, wrought to madness by
her own proud acts of oppression and tyranny?
IIow easy would it have been for us then to have
taken the part of Texas; to have made her cause
our cause, her quarrel our quarrel; and wrested
from Mexico her very existence and her name?
But did we do so ? Did not our Government pos-
itively refuse to interfere ? Were not the laws rigid-
ly enforced, and our citizens forbidden to meddle
with our neighbors'quarrels? General Jackson,
in his seventh Annual Message, in speaking of the
then existing war between Mexico and Texas,
uses these words:
" Recent events in tlmt country [Mexico] have awakened
the liveliest solicitations intheUnited States. Aware of the
strong temptations existmtr, and powerful inducements held
out to the citizens of the United States to mingle in the dis-
sensions of oar. immediate neighbors, instructions have be en.
given to the dhtnet attorney oj the Untied States, where indi
caiionsitarrapted, to prosecute, tvithout respect to persons, all
■who might attempt to violate the obligations of our neutrali-
ty," &e.
Yes, sir, every effort was made on our part to
observe that neutrality—a neutrality which, I ven-
ture to say, would not have been observed by any
other Power on earth, except the United States.
And if many of our citizens would and did rush to
the aid of their brave countrymen in Texas, it was
not because our Government encouraged or con-
nived at it; it was because it was impossible for
the utmost vigilance of the laws to prevent them
from so doing; it was because the sympathy of
the American people for the cause of freedom is
beyond all control. p
But it has been said we found it much more
easy to settle our questions of disputed boundary
with Great Britain, and we were much more cau-
tious about coming to blows with her than with
Mexico. Sir, is this the case? I>id Great Britain
ever inflict with impunity one-tenth part of the
wrongs upon us which we have patiently borne
from Mexico ? Did she ever, in the most unwar-
rantable and unjustifiable manner, refuse to receive
our Minister when sent on a mission of peace, and
hurl him with ignominy from her shores? Did
she ever, so far as we were concerned, trample
with impunity upon the laws of nations, and set at
defiance every rule of civil polity which should
govern the conduct of one nation in its intercourse
with another? No, sir; it is well known that if
Great Britain, or the combined Powers of all Eu-
rope, had perpetrated against us one tithe of the
wrongs which we have patiently borne from Mexi-
co, the vengeance of an outraged people would not
have slumbered so long.
But again; we have been accused of having en-
croachcd upon the territory of Mexico by ordering
our army to the banks of the Rio Bravo. And
the gentleman from Ohio, as did also many others
of his friends, boldly asserted that the territory
lying between that river and the Nueces belonged
to Mexico, to Mexico alone, and that by our inva-
sion of that territory we compelled her to strike
the first blow. And upon this point particularly
the gentleman promised tp " quote some authori-
ties." Sir, I know no(r what authorities the re- j
search and ingenuity of that gentleman may enable j
him to produce, in support of his assertion. But
I know that there are some authorities who are
entitled to some weight with the American people,
(however they may be disregarded by the gentle-
man from Ohio,) whose opinions were directly the
reverse of that gentleman's; and I shall not wait
until I " write out my speech" to quote them. I
know that such men as Marshall, and Madison,
and Pinckney, and Monroe—men who aresupposed
to have been as well aware of what were the bound-
aries of Texas, which was then a portion of the
United States, as the gentleman from Ohio—I know
that each of them has recorded his opinion, that
the territory lying between the Nueces and the
Rio Bravo belonged at that time to Texas, and
consequently to the United States. As it was then,
so is it now, a portion of Texas, and of the United
States. I know that the opinions of these great
men will have small weight with the gentleman
from Ohio, and his friends; but the people ahd the
world will probably esteem them of some conse-
quence. But, sir, I know that Texas always
claimed that territory as her own, and that Mexico
never did wrest it from her. I know, moreover, '
that Mexico herself acknowledged that it belonged j
to Texas. I say Mexico acknowledged it. I know \
the reply to this: I know it is said that Santa Ana j
acknowledged it when he was a prisoner of war, '
but that Mexico never did. Sir, it is a quibble, it !
is a subterfuge worthy of Santa Ana. 1 say that at 1
that time Santa Ana was Mexico; Santa Ana was !
the State; he was the military usurper who had i
overthrown the Federal Government, by which j
Texas had been united to Mexico; he was the die- :
tator, ruling with almost unlimited power. The <
Congress was subservient to him; they were his j
tools, his minions; and if lie had chosen to keep I
the faith of the treaty which he entered into with i
Texas, think you the Mexican Congress would j
ever have repudiated it? No, sir; if Santa Ana :
had not been a traitor, as well as a tyrant; if he i
had been disposed to keep faith with Texas, there I
would have been no further difficulty about this dis- ;
puted territory.. But, sir, so far as the argument ■
is concerned, so far as the abstract question as to
the justice or injustice of the present war may be [
affected by it, I care not one straw whether that j
disputed territory belonged to Texas or to Mexico.
The cause of the present war is more remote.
It did not grow out of our advance into that terri- j
tory. Mexico declared again and again that the j
cause of the war was the annexation of Texas. 1
And the order had been given, the decree had gone
forth, that our army should be attacked long before
it had reached the Rio Bravo. " At the present
date," (18th of April, 1846) says Paredes, writing
to the commander of the Mexican army, " I sup-
' pose you at the head of that valiant army, either
' fighting already or preparing for the operations of
• a campaign;" and " supposing you already on the
' theatre of operations, and with all the forces as-
' sembled, it is indispensable that hostilities be com-
' menced, yourself taking the initiative against the
'enemy. Yes, Pavedes had pledged himself to
the Mexican people to wage war against the Uni-
ted States, He had placed his all upon the cast
of that die. He believed himself compelled to
declare war, in order to sustain himself with the
people. Sc? that it matters not whether we ad-
vanced to the Rio Bravo or retreated to the Nue-
ces: we could not have avoided this war. It was
forced upon us by Mexico, and unless we surren-
dered the whole of Texas, there was no escape
from it.
But we are now asked, for what is this war car-
ried on ? What is its object ? Is it to be a war of
conquest' I answer, with all my heart I do sin-
cerely hope so. I hope it is to be a war of con-
quest on our part: of one conquest after another,
as rapid and brilliant as those which have already-
astonished the world. I trust in Heaven, in the
justice of our cause, and in the bravery of our
armies, that it shall be nothing but a war of con-
quest. It is waged, sir, for the purpose of procu*
ring an honorable peace—for the purpose of re-
venging the insults and outrages which we have
received—for the purpose of avenging the blood of
our citizens shed on our own soil-^for the purpose
of teaching a barbarous people how to regard the
laws of nations—for the purpose of teaching clemi-
savages the rules of civilization, of decency, and
common courtesy—for the purpose of letting the
world see that we know how to preserve and de-
fend our rights and our sacred honor. And if my
wishes could govern the action of this Govern-
ment, everything should be made to yield to the
vigorous prosecution of this war. One blow should
follow another in quick and rapid succession, until
Mexico chose to come to her senses. Sir, I am
not one of those who, having entered into a fight,
dislike to strike hard blows. I would show no
mercy, sir—no mercy, until reparation were made
for the wrongs' we have endured, and the blood
and treasure we have spent. I would heed no idle
clamors, whether proceeding from the envy of for-
eign Powers, or the pretended patriotism of domes-
tic opponents. Sir, would gentlemen have this to
he a war of defeats on our part, that they are so
clamorous against a " war of conquest?" Would
they see our armies driven in disgrace from Mexi-
co, and her flag floating in triumph upon the banks
of the Rio Bravo ? I hope not, sir. I repeat again
that I hope this war maybe prosecutcd with vigor'
to conquest and to victory; and I believe it will be
so prosecuted; I rely upon the bravery of our
armies, and the patriotism of the American people,
to see it speedily terminated, covering our national
character with glory and honor.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio, in his
attack upon the President, when he came to speak
of his conduct, in connexion with Santa Ana and
the Mexican Government, said the conduct of the
President was not instigated by the " spirit of Old
Hickory." And I listened with some astonish-
ment, though with much pleasure, to the just trib-
ute of applause which the gentleman paid to the
memory of the illustrious Jackson; and I beg leave
to congratulate the party to which I havethehonor
to belong upon the merited praise which time and
the rarely-erring judgment of the American people
invariablyextort, even from the bitterest opponents
of those who have devoted their lives to the ad-
vancement and support of the cause of democracy.
Nothing, to my mind, is more conclusive of the
correctness of our principles, than the respect, the
admiration, the gratitude and love, with which
Time hallows the memories of those whose lives
were spent in the support of those principles.
Though nothing was more common during then-
lives thin to slander and vilify the great apostles
of liberty, yet now that experience has proved the
wisdom of their actions—now that time has sanc-
tified their deeds—now that their memories have
so crown into the hearts of the people that it is
