APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 5,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
" The Mexican War—Mr. Andrew Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
almost sacrilege to say aught against them—wc
find the very men who were loudest and foremost
to condemn, also the loudest and foremost to yield
them that merit and applause which the people de-
mand. You can find no man (in my State at least) 1
so bold, or so regardless of his own reputation, as
to address a promiscuous assembly of his fellow-
citizens in terms of censure or reproach of any one
of the great leaders of democracy who has been
gathered to his fathers. From Jefferson to Jack-
son they are all revered, and none dare speak of j
them but with deference and respect. Sir, has it j
been so long, that the memory of it has faded from I
our minds—has it been so long, I say, since these I
very Halls rang with the denunciatory thunders of <
the Opposition against the very man whom the gen- !
tleman from Ohio has chosen to hold up as an ex-
ample worthy of imitation? Have we forgotten
how one mighfcy roar of opposition went forth
from the Federal party against every measure pro-
posed, and every political step taken by General
Jackson during his administration? How Nero
and Caligula were saints to him ? How every stu-
pid dolt, that ever blundered in legislative action,
was wise, and every tyrant that ever laughed at
the rights of his fellow man, merciful and just, in
comparison with him? How, "from the small
whisper of the paltry few, to the loud roar of
foaming calumny," ay, sir, from high places, from
the "godlike" and the "greatembodiment," down,
sir, down to the paltriest political slangwhanger
that ever wore out the patience of a " Tippecanoe
club," all, all united to condemn every political
action of the very man whose conduct it now ap-
pears the present Executive might copy to advan-
tage.
Mr. Chairman, it is one of the attributes of the
great*" and good, that they can ultimately extort
from their bitterest opponents the applause which
their conduct merits. And it should be encour-
aging to the present Administration, and to its
friends and supporters, to remember this; for if
we may judge of the future by the past, the very
acts which are now so strenuously opposed, so
bitterly condemned, will receive from the calmer
judgment of the people that justification which
i sincerely believe they merit. And this Ad-
ministration, destined to stand forth prominently
in the future history of our country as one marked
by great and interesting events, will appear to
greater advantage when the present reckless at-
tacks upon it shall he remembered. Yes, sir, like
some tall rock in the midst of the ocean, around
which the mighty billows are dashed to picees, so j
will this Administration stand amid the turbulent j
waters of party strife; towering above the mighty
tide of corruption and folly which shall roll around '
it, dashing back the proud waves of federalism, '
and wrecking, against the firm rocks of its purity >
and patriotism, every paltry craft which shall dare j
to attack it. j
But, sir, we have been told, in pathetic strains, of \
the unfortunate brave who fell in defence of their I
country's honor, and their weed-clad widows and |
orphans have been depicted here, as monuments of ;
the folly and wickedness of the present war. Out, <
is there a widow or orphan, made such by the ,
present war, who will find comfort or consolation |
m reading such speeches or hearing such senti- j
ments as the Opposition have avowed upon this \
floor?—speeches and sentiments tending to prove i
that the cause of the murderers of their husbands
and fathers is the cause of justice! Think you
heir broken spirits and bleeding hearts will be
healed by the effort which gentlemen are making
to prove to the world thattheirhusbands and fathers
fell in an unjust war? Is it by such means that
gentlemen would administer consolation to them?
Is there an American mother, whose brave boy feli
at Monterey, who will say to the rest of her sons
" My children, your country is waging an unjust
war; your brother has fallen in the cause of tyran-
ny and cruelty; the Administration is responsible
for his blood; go not forth to this war, draw no
blade in so unholy a cause, but remain at home
and imprecate the vengeance of Heaven upon its
wicked instigators?" Is there an American mother
%vho will address her children in language such as
this? Will she not rather say, "My children,
your brother has fallen fighting gallantly for his
country's honor. Go forth and revenge his death.
Go forth against that unreasonable nation who, by
her acts of frantic madness, compelled your coun-
try to shed the blood of her citizens in defence of
her rights. Go forth against the cowardly butch-
ers who put to the lance every wounded and dis-
abled soldier whom they could meet at Monterey !
Go forth against the cold-blooded murderers of the
unfortunate Fannin and his men ! Go forth in de-
fence of yt>ur country struggling in a just causc!"
This, sir, this is the language which will spring
spontaneously from every American mother's
heart; and thanklessly will be received by them all
such efforts as we have heard from the Opposition
here.
We are asked u what we mean to charge for the
lives of the gallant men who fell in this struggle."
Their loss is irreparable, I am free to confess. But
it remains for us to avenge their fall. We charge
their blood upon those who madly compelled us into
this conflict. And, sir, those gallant men whoyc
loss we cannot repair, shall live forever in the
memory of their grateful countrymen. And so help
me Heaven, so far as my own future fame and repu-
tation are concerned, 1 had rather be the poorest
American soldier who sleeps upon the banks of
the Rio Bravo, with no stone to mark his grave,
and no requiem but the wild winds of heaven, than
the mightiest Whig orator whose thunders have
denounced this war and its supporters. I had
rather have fallen there with the shouts of victory
heralding me to my death, than live to be remem-
bered as one of those whose voice has been raised
to tell the world that their country's sword is drawn
in an unjust cause! For I know that I should not
wholly die; I know that I should live in the memory
of every man who has an American heart in his
bosom, as which of our gallant dead shall not?
Sir,
Whon party rancor lies bccalmcd,
Their memories shall be embalmed —
Their virtues and then names shall live :
Their giateful country freely give
The tribute of her just applause
To those who die in i ueh a eau^e !
and though many bright jewels may hereafter
sparkle m our escutcheon, still shall their memo-
ries live on, brilliant and glorious, when the hand
of their country shall point her future sons to the
temple of Glory!
Mr. Chairman, there is one other subject upon
which I had proposed to say a few words, bu I
confess I feel atpiesent wholly unable to approach
it as I could desire. I prefer to do so when I am
more culm, when I am less excited than I am at
present. I allude, sir, to the exciting topic of
slavery, which has been so unwisely and so un-
warrantably introduced hero. I do not mean to
discuss it, sir; I do not mean to attempt its discus-
sion; foi, besides that 1 feel unable to do so al
present, ldo not think the time has yet arrived for
us to do so with effect. But the time is coming,
sir, the first blast upon that trumpet has been
blown; the first muUcrings of that thunder have
been heard in the distance—the first thrcatenings of
that storm which I fear is destined to shake this
Union to its firm foundations. And i have only
to say now, that when it docs come, we will be
prepared for it. We of the South will be prepared
to meet it fully. Sir, I make no throaty; I mean
to make none. We will be prepared to reason
with oiu brethren; to say to them, " Come, let us
reason together," to implore, to beseech them, by
all we hold sacred and dear to pause while it is
yet time; to regard that sacred compact which binds
this bright constellation of States together, and to
aid us now to quench the firebrand which has been
thrown amongst us; and if all shall fail, if all re-
monstrance shall be in vain, why, then, sir, then—
we shall still be ready.
Sir, I love this glorious Union, as which of us
does not. Bound together by the bonds of sisterly
love, wc are destined to attain the very highest
position among the nations of the earth. Our
career is onward; and nothing need impede its pro-
gress but our own folly. I love every portion of
this great land; but, sir, there may come, from cer-
tain portions of it, provocations so unbearable as
to eradicate from my heart every feeling of friend-
ship, of kindness, which now lingers there. Sir,
I would not love my own sister if she were eter-
nally worrying me with that which concerned her
not; with that which, by her interference, was
daily becoming a source of distraction and danger
to me. X would not love my wife, if I had one, if,
like the farfamed Mrs. Caudle, she were forever
taunting me with what she chose to regard as h
great deformity and annoyance; if, instead of
loving and cherishing me, she were forever foment-
ing dissensions in my household, and conjuring up
upon the domestic hearth fiends to torment and
tear me! These northern Mrs. Caudles will not
let us rest by night or day ! We get no sleep for
them! Their eternal din will drive us to distrac-
tion! They interfere with our domestic matters;
they enter our very kitchens,and intrude upon our
most sacred household^ affairs I Sir, if they are
tired of us, if they desire to turn us out of the
family mansion, and bang the doors in our faces,
let them jeontinue this course of conduct a little
longer, and their object will soon be accomplished;
and when they have "played out the play;" when
they have done the deed; when they have wrought
out the work, then, sir, we will shake off the dust
of our feet as a testimony against them, and there—
an end! Sir, I forbear; I have no more to say
upon this subject, which I sincerely wish had never
been introduced here. I willingly drop the curtain
upon that future which I fear to look upon.
In conclusion, sir, I will support this bill with
zeal and alacrity, and I sinceiely hope it will meet
with no serious opposition. The idle cry of " a
standing army," has no terrors for me. That cry
of wolf, was rung upou the people six years ago;
you cannot startle them with it now. If you re-
fuse to raise such " a standing army" as this bill
proposes, you may well anticipate fallen institu-
tions and prostrate honor! You may well antici-
pate that Mexico, encouraged by the distractions
and dissensions of this body, invigorated by the
fact that what has been deemed necessary for the
vigorous prosecution of this war has been refused
to the Administration, will redouble her efforts to
protract this war, " aided and comforted" as she
will be by the speeches and votes of a laige por-
tion of this body.
Sir, theie arc some persons who will learn in rto
school but one; there are some parties who will not
learn even in that school. Let gentlemen profit
by their past experience; let them merge their
hatred of the Executive in their love of country,
and cheerfully lend their aid to such measures as
their country requires in a crisis like this; or else
let them, unwarned by the voice of past experi-
ence, persevere in their present course, thwart the
action of their Government,and reap the rewaid—
the reward of reproach and condemnation with
which posterity will be suie to visit their con-
duct.
Mr. Bf.oinger expressed his regret that his
remarks had been so desultory, but in the short
space of time allowed to each speaker, it was al-
most impossible to discuss any subjcct methodi-
cally. He concluded by expressing a hope that
the bill would not meet with any serious opposi-
tion.
j THE MEXICAN WAR.
11 SUBSTANCE OF
11 THE SPEECH OF MR. A. JOHNSON,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
January 5, 1847.
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the Bill to increase the Army of the Uni-
ted States being under consideration—
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON addressed the com-
mittee as follows:
He said, in presenting himself before the com-
mittee that morning, he dal not intend to discuss
so much the bill immediately before them, as the
general questions connected with the war, and the
policy of the Administration with regard to it. It
appeared to him that a very strangeposi tion had been
taken by one of the speakers, and not so stiange
either; but, at all events, he thought that the gen-
tleman was very bold in taking that position. He
(Mr. J.) could not but admire the spirit, frankness,
and candor, of the gentleman in taking that posi-
tion. Great complaint had been found with the
President for the use he had made in his message
of the words "aid and comfort." Yesterday,
however, a position had been assumed, which he
thought fully authorized the inference that any
