APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 5
29tii Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Andrew Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
extent prevailed as to its origin and true character. The war
has been represented as unju&tand unnecessary, and as one
of aggression on our part upon,a weak and injured enemy.
Such erroneous views, though entertained but by few, have
been widely and extensively circulated, not only at home,
but have been spread throughout Mexico and the whole
world. A more effectual means could not have been devised
to encourage the enemy and protract the war than to advo-
cate and adhere to their cause, and thus give them 4 aid and
comfort-'35
He (Mr. 3.) could not see why his colleague
had become go fired at this portion of the message.
If his colleague was not one of the small number
alluded to in the paragraph, he had no right to
complain; but my colleague has taken high ground j.
upon the allusion by the President to giving " aid |i
and comfort" to the enemies of the country. It lj
seems from his language that he has joined the jj
enemy of the country for the purpose of being in i|
opposition to the President of the United States.
He makes use of the following emphatic lan-
guage:
"Mr. G. said he had chosen to express his sentiments
now, simply in order to bring himself within range, of these
denunciations. He ehosc to identify himself with those
who were thus accused."
It was to bring himself within the range of the§e
denunciations—to unite himself with those thus ac-
cused! In order to discover his independence, the
gentleman had voluntarily joined in with the ene-
mies of his country! Whether he could sustain him-
self with his constituents, it was not for him (Mr.
J.) to say. But as a representative from the State of
Tennessee, he (Mr. J.) regarded it as his duty to
place this matter in iu true light fully before the
country. His colleague went on and said, in reply
to a remark from Mr. Kennedy, that " his object
had been to show how much he despised and scorn-
ed the President." Was not that a patriotic speech
from the mouth of a representative from the Slate
of Tennessee ? Could no explanation be afforded
of the course and conduct of his colleague? He
(Mr. J.) thought he had a right in this case to look |
to the combination of circumstances, and draw i
his own conclusions. The people of the State of j
Tennessee had been canvassing, or were preparing '
to canvass the claims and pretensions of various
aspirants to the gubernatorial chair,amongst whom
■was his colleague. Another gentleman—a distin-
Suished Whig who had been at the storming of
tontcrey, where he had rendered signally impor-
tant service—had also been brought into the can-
vass. That gentleman had been probably regard-
ed as likely to command popularity fiom his ser-
vices with the brave volunteers; and his (Mr. J.'s)
colleague, it somehow appeared, did not now enter-
tain the same views with regard to the war and ■
the propriety of conducting it with vigor, that
he entertained during the last session of Congress.
Now he seemed to have a holy horror of the war. j
He seemed to be monstrously opposed to the ac- j
quisition of territory. How far that gentleman
might he swayed by a conviction that some !
of those who had gained laurels in the war might
stand in his way, he (Mr. .T.) would not say.
Mr. GENTRY. Will the gentleman allow me
to make one remark ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot give way, as it would
consume my time, which is now rapidly passing
away.
Mr. GENTRY. I want to correct the gentleman
as to facts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of the facts, there can be no
doubt. I may be wrong in my inferences; but I
think,ftfter all, I am fully sustained by my prem-
ises. He knew (Mr. J. went on to say) that
frequently men rushed eagerly into a campaign in j
order to fight a little and get a shot and a sear, and j
then return home to claim great credit for their i
bravery and patriotism. Well, he could not say i
that he had much approbation to bestow on such !
personages, and was inclined to concur in the !
opinions expressed by one greater than he ever '
hoped to be—that most of these wars got up a I
brood of heroes which it took an age or two to get <
rid of. But his colleague appeared to entertain i
some dread of running even odds against an indi-!
vidual who had distinguished himself at Monterey.
But the gentleman went on, and characterized the
President as a despot, and all that sort of thing:
"But who would give us back our lost libei ties, our vio- I
iated Constitution? When a petty nsnipcr had come into
power without the will of the people of these States, and
almost wuhout'the wish or Knowledge, even of lus own i
party, and without qualities in his own character to com- •
mand the respect even of the meanest persons in the coun-
try."
It would seem fromthe extract just read from
his colleague's speech, that tho great American
chart of liberty had been dragged from its high
place, torn in pieces and trampled under foot. That
we were now walking amid the fragments of a
ruined and violated Constitution. ■ Not content
with making the charge of a petty *4 usurper, "&c.,
he condescends to make a low personal fling at the
Executive of the nation, to gratify, he (Mr. J.) sup-
posed, some private grievance. That was certainly
courteous from oneTennesseean to another! It was
highly respectful language to apply to the Presi-
dent of the United States. He said that the Piesi-
dent had come into power " without the will or
consent of the people, and almost without the wish
or knowledge of his own party." Now, if the
gentleman applied that to himself, he would not be
so far mistaken. He (Mr. J.) thought that there
was one Mr. Jones, formerly Governor of Ten-
nessee, and many other distinguished Whigs, who
were opposed to the gentleman's occupying a seat
in that Hall. The case was entirely parallel; and
indeed there were very few individuals, perhaps,
on that floor who had not encountered opposition
from distinguished men of their own party. But
there was evidently a personal feeling of hostility
against the President of theUnited States,although
in making a personal explanation, his colleague
had disclaimed any personal feeling. The gentle*
man had declared that he entertained no unkind
feelings to the President, and that he had been ac-
customed to meet him on terms of gentlemanly
courtesy. What ideas the gentleman entertained
of courtesy it was not for him (Mr. J.) to say,
but certainly the language he had applied to the
President sounded rather oddly in the mouth of
one professing feelings of kindness and courtesy.
But the gentleman proceeded and said:
"Tho President was goin# to conquer avast region of
country, larger than all the oidthutecn States, and add it to
this Union."
Where did the gentleman find a shadow of au-
thority for such a bold assertion ? Let them hear
the President himself on that subject. Let them
refer to the passages in his message, (which were
too long to read there,) alluding to the acquisition
of Mexican territories, and then judge how his
colleague was sustained.
[The following are the passages referred to by
the honorable speaker:]
" I congratulate you on the success which hnn thu.-i attended
oni military and naval operations, In les.^ than seven months
after Mexico commenced hostilities, at a time selected by
her>ell', we have taken position o! many of her principal
port'', driven buck and pursued her invading army, and ac-
quired imftturt/ possession of the Mexican pi evinces of Nc-\v
Mexico, Now'Leon, Coahuil<i,TamauUpas, and the Cahfor-
nias, a territory lai«er in extent than that embraced m the
onyalai thirteen States of tho TTnion, inhabited by a consid-
erable population, and much of it more than a thousand miles
from the points* at which we had to collect our forces and
commence our movements. By the blockade, the unpoit
and export trade of the enemy has been cut off."
uWhi):-st the wai was in a course of vigotous and suc-
cessful prosecution,being ftiII anxious toai re.->t it* evils, and
conMdomijr that, after tho brilliant victories of o«r aims on
the eighth Vnd ninth of May la#-t, the national honor could
not be compromitted by it, another oveiture was made to
Mexico, by my duecliou, on the twenty-seventh of July
last, to terminate hostilities bj a peace ju>t and honorable
to both countries. On the thutv-first of August following,
the Mexican Government declined to accept this friendly
overtuie, but referred it to the decision of a Mexican Con-
fess, to be assembled in the eaily part of the ptesent month.
I communicate to you, hciewith, a copy of the letter of the
Secretary of State proposing to leopen negotiations, of the
answer of the Mexican Government, and of the reply thereto
of the Secietaryof State.
"The war will continue to be prosecuted with vigor, as
the best means of seeming praec. It is hoped that the
decision of the Mexican Congress, to which our last over-
ture has been referred, may resultm a speedy and honorable
peace. With our experience, however, of the unreason-
able course of the Mexican authorities, it is the part of wis-
dom not to relax in the energy of our military operations
until the result is made known. In this view, it is deemed
impoitant to hold military possession of all the provinces
which have been taken, until a definitive treaty of peace
shall have been concluded and ratified by tin* two countries.
"The war has not been waged with a view to conquest;
but having been commenced bv Mexico, it has been carried
into the enemy's country, and will be vigorously prosecuted
there, with a view to obtain an honorable peace, and there-
by secure ample indemnity for the expenses of the war, as
well as to our much-injured citizens, who hold large pecu-
niary demands against Mexico."
^ Was'it not apparent (Mr. J. continued) that
his colleague had made assertions entirely unsus-
tained ?
But his colleague had charged, in bold, emphatic
terms, that the war now existing between the Uni-
ted States and the republic of Mexico, was an
Executive war-—was a war brought on by the
President to enable him to carry out his own am-
bitious purposes. Mr. J. then read the following
extracts from Mr. G.'s speech:
« But the first question Mr. G. desired to ask was. How
did this war come into existence? By whom had it been
made?" * * x * *'***
" It was the war of the President, commenced and eariied
on for his own objects, without the cogent of the body to
whom exclusively the Constitution had committed the war-
power in this Government." * * *
"The President was an executive officer, bat whose will
did he execute ? The will of the people ? Mi. G. had heard
no such expression of their will; they had nowhere de-
clared it to be their wish to annex half a dozen Mexican
i provinces to this Union. No—no such thing. The Presi-
t dent had rushed forward on his own mere motion. He was
j a usurper, a violator of the Constitution; and it would be
! Ueason, moial treason,not to denounce him."
Mr. J. continued. Bold assertions, truly! It
was, indeed, rather a decided position which the
gentleman had assumed. The inquiry, then,
fairly came up, Whose war was it? Had the
President of the United States involved the coun-
try in that war ? Did the President begin the war ?
His colleague flatly asserted that the President
rushed into the war " on his own mere motion."
Let them now appeal " to the law and to- the tes-
timony." In 1845 there was a struggle in that
House between the two great political parties as
to who should have the honor and credit of intro-
ducing a resolution there that would be most ac-
ceptable to the country, and best secure the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States. That struggle
was between the Whigs and the Democratic party.
Several propositions were brought forward, but all
were voted down. Who concocted—who matured
the proposition that was accepted ? Was it tiie
] Presidentof the United States > WasitaWhigor
| a Democrat? Why, it was his (Mr. J.'s) worthy
| colleague [Milton Brown] who introduced the
j measure there, after the various democratic pro-
| positions had been voted down; and that res-
j olution, introduced by a good Whig of the State of
j Tennessee, was voted for by the whole delegation,
j both Whi^s and Democrats of the State of Ten-
j nessee. The resolution he referred to prescribed
all the necessary steps to be taken for the admis-
sion of Texas into the Union as one of the sover-
eign States. #
The resolution was approved by the President
of the United States on the first day of March,
1845. Immediately after the approval of this reso-
lution by the President, Almonte, who was then
Minister Extraordinary from Mexico to the Gov-
J ernment of the United States, on the 6th day of
1 March, protested against annexation, and declared .
that it was just cause of war on the part of his
Government. Mr. J. then referred to the follow-
ing part of the protest alluded to:
'■For these reasons, the undersigned, in compliance with
his instructions, finds himself required to protest, as he does
in fact piote^t, in the most solemn manner, in the name of
his Government, against the law parsed on the 28th of the
last month by the general Congress of the United State*, and
approved on the 1st of the present month by the President
of these States, whereby the province of Texas, an integrant
portion of the Mexican territory, is agreed and admitted fse
consientcy admite] into the American Union. The under-
signed moreover protests, m the name of his Government,
that the said law can in nowise invalidate the rights on
which Mexico relies to recover the above-mentioned prov-
ince of Texas, of which she now sees herself unjustly de-
spoiled ; and that she will maintain and uphold those rights
at all times, by eveiy means which may be in her power."
He (Mr. ,T.) continued, by saying, that after
this protest was entered by the Mexican Minister,
; (Almonte,) the republicof Texas went on and com-
plied with all the requisitions of the resolution
prescribing the manner and the mode of annexa-
j tion—--forming her constitution, which "was'repub-
lican in its charac:er  and presented to the Govern-
ment of the United States. In due time (on the
j 29th day of December, 1845) the resolution admit-
j ting the republic of Texas into the Union as a sov-
j ereign State, was approved by the President of
j the United States; his colleague, [Mr. Gentry,]
' with the whole Tennesspe delegation, voting for
the passage of the resolution.
The passage of the resolution by this Govern-
ment on the 29th ofDecember, 3845, admitting the
republic of Texas into the Union, the Government
of Mexico assumed and considered a consumma-
tion of the cause of tear, and refused to receive our
