APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 21,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Seaborn Jones.
Ho. or Reps.
Government and people, and now to consummate
the work of wickedness and folly by an act of war,
it was but justice to have a final settlement of all
the difficulties existing between the two Govern-
ments, and teach her a lesson-in the school of ex-
perience, that will be of service to her in all future
time.
Thus it would seem, that out of the gentleman's
own mouth he stood condemned. In these few sen-
tences the gentleman had refuted his own speech.
He admitted the justice of the war. He recog-
nised the truth of the position assumed by the
President. The war was right, but the President
had got into it wrong—that was all! Then the
gentleman proceeded:
"Tlie general rule was, thai it was expedient and wfce,
when The nation ivas engaged m a war constitu tionally made,
th.it all debate ahont the expediency or piopriety of the war
should cfta.sc, and that all should unite to biiii£ it to an
lionoiable conclusion, and, when that was accomplished,
then to hold the public functionaries engaged m originating
and prnseeutiug it to a stnct responsibility. That was the
genera! luie."
That was all right. The gentleman had him-
self voted for the war—tyoted for it at every step,,
and yet now, in open and most extraordinary vio-
lation of his own rule, thus gravely set down, he
denounced the war! He [Mi\ Gentry] wanted
to know what they were to do with the new acqui-
sitions of territory. That was, indeed, a strange
inquiry, coming from him. It was hardly to be
expected that that gentleman would have intro-
duced such an clement into the discussion. He
(Mr. J.) regretted that his hour was so nearly out.
He had not had time to do more than glance at the
gross inconsistencies and erroneous and entirely
gratuitous assertions of his colleague. He could
have wished to allude also to the speech of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. McGaugiiey,] who
desired the troops to be withdrawn; and to that of
the gentleman from Ohio, fiVIr. Root,] who de-
claimed so feelingly about the price to be paid for
the brave men who had perished on the field. He
(Mr. ,T.) would ask, were those gentlemen willing
that the bones of those heroic patriots should be
exposed to the indignity of Mexican hate? Were
they prepared to yield up their graves to Mexican
desecration ?
Are we now prepared to adopt the position of
the member from Indiana, [Mi'.McGaughey,] that
is, to withdraw our troops from the field, and our
squadron from the Gulf, without reparation for
the long list of wrongs inflicted by Mexico upon
the property, the honor, and the lights of the
American people? Are we prepared to turn our
backs upon the bones and the graves of the two
thousand patriotic spirits who fell victims to the
disease peculiar to that climate, and take up the
retrograde march, leaving them to sleep beneath
the enemy's soil, without even a stone with the
initials of their names rudely carved, to indicate
to the inquiring stranger the spot that contains
their mortal remains? Are the Amcncan people
willing now, after having obtained such brilliant
triumphs and signal victories in a cause so just, to
letraee their footsteps without ample indemnity
for the past and full assurance of peace in the
future? Are the American people, whose souls
swell with animation and pride at the unfurling of
their country's flag, who admire the majestic
eagle's flight, and love to hear his screams of tri-
umph anil bold defiance, to take so humiliating
and degrading a position as the one proposed by
the opposition to the war' Are they, while stand-
ing in full view of the formidable heights of Mon-
terey, of the noble deeds of daring and chivalry
performed on the 21st, 22d, and 23tl days of Sep-
tember, of the soil made fat with their country-
men's blood, to abandon all to the advancing ty-
rant? Is my colleague willing to surrender the
twenty-eight gallant sons of Tennessee who fell
in the fierce and bloody conflict at Monterey, and
who now repose in silence in a foreign land, as
trophies to a perfidious and half-civilized nation,
or would he rather include them within the broad,
protecting circle of our glorious Union, and erect
to their name and memory a cenotaph as enduring
as time itself, and engrave upon its most conspicu-
ous tablet—
" Twice hath the sun upon their conflict set,
And risen again, and found them grappling yet,
While streams of carnage in noontide blaze
Sinnke up to Heaven."
He (Mr. J.) said, if the eegis of his country
was not extended over them now, he trusted in
God, that in our midst would rise up some cru-
sading Peter, with a holy zeal and eloquence like
that which characterized them in olden times, and
inspire the people of the Union to go forward and
rescue from the impious tread of the marauding
myrmidons of Mexico, the sepulchres of their
kindred and their blood.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OP MRTSEABOHN JONES,
of georgia,
In the House of Representatives,
Monday, December 21, 18-16.
The Resolutions to refer the President's Message to
the appropriate Standing Committees, being un-
der consideration in Committee of the Whole—.
Mr. SEABORN .TONES said:
I regret very much, Mr. Chairman, that after
the lapse of so many days it should have become
necessary for me to resume the discussion which
had been in progress when I obtained the floor.
I would have been extremely glad if that con-
troversy were now dropped, and would willingly
yield the floor to any gentleman who would be
able to terminate it. But in the discharge of a
duty which I owe, riot only to myself, but to the
Administration, it becomes necessary for me to
advert to some of the remarks which have been
made by gentlemen composing the opposition, in
regard to the course of the Administration with
respect to the Mexican war. it has been with ex-
treme regret that I have heard the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] represent himself
as c-oming within the category in which some per-
sons were placed by a remark in the President's
message. Had that portion of the message allu-
ded to any person or party eo nomine, I would
not have been thus surprised. But the Presi-
dent made no allusion to any particular quarter.
It was, therefore, to say the least of it, an act
of great imprudence on the part of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to bring himself within
the range of the remarks. The remarks were of
quite a general character. I will read them. The
President said:
" The war lias been represented as unjust and unnecessa-
iy, and :w one of Hgmo-^ion on our pait upon a weak and
injured enemy. Such erioncou*. views, though entertained
but by few, have been widely and extensively circulated,
not only at home, but have been spread thiou^liout M<\\ico
and the whole world. A mote effectual means eouid not
have been devir-ed lo eneomace the enemv and protract the
war than to advocate and adhere to their cause, and thus
give them < aid and comfort.' "
By whom had this war been represented as un-
just on the part of the United States? But by
"few." Yet these, few have taken the pains to
circulate their opinions and denunciations exten-
sively, not only in the United States, but also in
Mexico. And who were they? The gentleman
from Massachusetts had thought proper to rank
himself amongst them—he had placed himself in
that unfortunate category.
Mr. WINTIIllOP. Does the honorable gen-
tleman mean to asseitthal I placed myself there?
Mr. JONES. I Understood him to place him-
self in that category; and that he had declared
his right, and that of all freemen, to express their
opinions.
Mr. WINTHROP. Does he declare, in the
face of this House, that he understood me to
place myself in the predicament of attempting to
circulate in Mexico—that's his accusation—de-
clarations of the injustice and impropriety of the
war ?
Mr. JONES. I did not single out that part of
the 
Mr. WINTHROP. The honorable gentleman
stated that explicitly. It is utterly unfounded—
without the shadow of truth.
Mr. JONES. I will tell the gentleman, if he
will allow me, what I understood him to say; and
he cannot deny it with a shadow of truth. He
characterized the portion of the message which I
have read as an attempt on the part of the Presi-
dent to suppress discussion, and declared that, as
a lreeman, he should discuss freely the acts of
the President. He spoke of the rights of free-
men, and those which had descended from our
revolutionary fathers. Where, then, did he place
himself? ^
I presume that the honorable gentleman has not
taken the pains to send his speeches to Mexico,
although he may have had them circulated
throughout the United States. But that is not the
charge. The charge is that of assailing the Ad-
ministration as having brought on an unjust war—
a war aggressive in its character—a war on an in-
jured enemy. Does the gentleman deny that he
has assailed this war as unjust? Does he deny
that he has characterized it as aggressive? Does
he deny that he has called it the President's war,
and not the war of the country ? He has not only
by these declarations, but by the whole coursc
and tenor of his argument, placed himself in the
unfortunate category of extending " aid and com-
fort" to the enemy.
Mr. WINTHROP. Will the gentleman allow
me a single word ?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. WINTHROP. He may impute to me
whatever opinions he sees fit. I do not say that I
do not think this war an unjust war—that 1 do not
think this war to be an aggressive war—that I do
not think this war to be a President's war, and not
a war of the country—that I do not feel all the sen-
timents of abhorrence of this war which the Presi-
dent has imputed to- the " few," but whom I
choose to call the "many," as I believe they are
throughout this nation. But it does so happen—
and the honorable gentleman from Georgia should
have known the circumstances of the case before
he assailed me—it does so happen, and it has been
notorious to the whole country, that the charges in
my own district during the election which recent-
ly terminated in my rcclection, have been that
I have refrained from denouncing this war—that
I have refrained from expressing opinions which
the honorable gentleman has now imputed to me—
that I have not manifested the spirit exhibited in
many other parts of my own Commonwealth, and
in many other parts of the country, quite so reso-
i lutely and uncompromisingly as my constituents
could have desired; and although there may have
been some parenthetical passages in my speech on
the tariff, and other speeches, which the honorable
; member may'see fit to charge as substantiating his
1 position, yet he will be obliged to resort to a mi-
| croscope—to all the glasses and aids which phi-
| losophy or science will put within his reach, in
j order to discover those passages in any speech of
| mine which will give color even to the Assertions
! which he has now made. Sir, I am the last mem-
ber in this House, on the Whig side, who has sub-"
i jected himself to the imputation which the Presi-
| dent has seen fit to promulge; but because I may
! not have done it heretofore, let nie not be misun-
i derstood. Let me not be regarded as entertaining
I a different opinion from those who have done it to
j their heart's content, and whom the President has
! seen fit to charge in this utterly unjustifiable and
| arbitrary manner.
j Mr. JONES proceeded. I am very much grati-
j fied at the explanation of the honorable gentleman
, from Massachusetts. I would be very glad if
j every other gentleman on the same side liad pur-
sued the same prudent coursc in which that gen-
1 tleman gloried. Whatever might have been his
opinions on the justice or injustice of the war, it
was indeed gratifying to find that the gentleman
refrained from giving "aid and comfort" to the
enemy.
Was there any man here who could stand up in
that House and refuse his assent to the abstract
proposition of the President? The message says:
"The war has been represented as unjust and unneces-
eaiy, and as one of aggression on ourpait upon aweak and
injured enemy. Such erroneous views,though entertained
but by ft'w, have been widely and extensively circulated,
not only at home, but have been spread throughout Mexico
and the whole world. [Now, this is the abstract proposition,
which no one will deny.] A more effectual means could
not have been devised to encourage the enemy and protract
the war than to advocate and adhere to their cause, and
thus give thein ' aid and comfort.' "
Was there any man who would deny that pro-
position ? If there were any such men, all I can
say is, that there must be either an obliquity about
their intellect which could hardly be the object of
admiration or envy, or else a lamentable want of
experience in the common affairs of human life.
