92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 21,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Seaborn Jones.
Ho. of Reps.
tration in carrying on the war, but the sword, the
bayonet, and thunder from the cannon's mouth.
I like the feeling of Walter Scott in his beautiful
poem—
"When flits this cross from man to man—
Vich Alpine's summons 10 his clan—
Gursed be tUe eye that fails to heed,
Palsied the foot that fails to speed!
—• Wo to the wretch that fails to rear,
At this dread sign, the ready spear
I believe that doctrine; and after the war, I am
willing to go with the gentleman for a strict ac-
countability on the part of the officers; but not
until the banners of the United States shall be
floating upon the walls of Montezuma, if that be
necessary to secure an honorable peace. Let the
war, then, be concluded, and then call the persons
concerned in it to an account.
But party influences were brought to bear upon
this question, and party ligaments were stronger
than natural ties or any other ties. It was unfor-
tunate that party interests had been mingled in
their counsels to cripple their efforts against a com-
mon enemy. Would that those persons who were
denouncing the war, might bathe, like leprous
Naaman, in the waters of patriotism, and that their
souls might come out pure and free from the loath-
some disease as the souls of little children \
The gentleman from Tennessee, and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts on my right, had con-
tended that the western line which divided the
United States from Mexico, or, in other words,
which formed the boundary line between Texas
and Mexico, was an open line. When I come to
the argument of the gentleman from Massachusetts
I will attend to that question, and satisfy him, if
the bonds of party have not bowed his neck in
eternal servitude, on that point. There was one
thing which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] had remarked, and which he presumed
he would remember: that it was moral treason not
to denounce the act of the President in regard to
the war. While I have not the power to free him
from all the offences which he has committed, I
will raise my voice in cleaving him from the chargc
of moral treason for not denouncing everything the
President had said or done on this subject, right or
wrong. The President was called by him an acci-
dental President. Did the gentleman suppose that
-«8uch accidents would ever happen in his district?
An accident! Sir, there had been no sepulchre to
pass to place him in that chair; he was raised to
oifice by the free voice of the people, fie was raited
to office, the gentleman said, against the will of
many of the leading men of the democratic party.
Perhaps many of those leading men wanted the
office themselves. Bat there was no use in at-
tempting to evade the plain facts m the case. He
was elected by the free and unbiased will of the
people of the. United States, iviihout any election-
eering for it on his part. " But (said the gentle-
man) there was one measure in which he would go
with the President, hand in 11311(1." And why?
Because he knew the result would be mournful and
disastrous to the country.
Mr. GENTRY. I was speaking of this war as
a war of conquest. But I said that if the whole
country joined in the war, I would go with them,
though with the mournful conviction that it would
lead to most disastrous consequences.
Mr. JONES. That was what the gentleman
intended to say.
Mr. GENT RY. It was what I did say.
Mr. JOiNTES. I am very glad the gentleman has
explained the matter so much to my satisfaction.
Sometimes, in the hurry of argument, gentlemen
say things which they do not rccollect very well,
especially if they are under the influence of excite-
ment. [Laughter.]
I come now to pay my particular respects to the
gentleman from Massachusetts; and he (meaning
Mr. Hudson) commenced his speech by telling
us that he had in his bosom the feelings of the
fathers of the Revolution, and that these feelings
prompted him to speak freely upon all subjects
connected with legislation, particularly the Mexi-
can war. Did he mean the fathers and revolu-
tionary patriots who fought at Concord, and Lex-
ington, and Bunker Hill, where the immortal
Warren fell, and where, ''mingling their blood
with the melting lava of the cannon's mouth,"
they foreshadowed the victories of Saratoga and
Yorktown and the independence of their country?
Not one of those would have been found to utter a
word against that war, nor would they have toler-
ated such conduct in another. No, sir; although
there was a large division in the provinces with
regard to the propriety of taking up arms against
the mother country, and perhaps a large division
when the Declaration of Independence was made,
yet those fathers would not permit the man to re-
main among them who was ever suspected, much
less those who publicly encouraged the enemy,
and gave him "aid and comfort," by denouncing
the war as an unjust and unholy rebellion. The
safety of such men required their removal from
among the patriots of the Revolution. Summary
punishment was inflicted on all such in all the
States. I cannot think the gentleman meant those
fathers, and if he did, he is certainly mistaken; and
I will not say his fathers were on the other side.
There was one thing of which I think I have
the right to complain, in the language used by the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hudson] — [laughter] — reverend, I should have
said. [Continued laughter.] I will ask the gen-
tleman whether he thought that he who ministered
at the sacred altar—who filled the sacred desk—
should indulge in remarks which gentlemen in
private circles would not indulge in but at the peril
of receiving a challenge ? Was he a follower of the
meek and lowly Jesus, and did he permit himself
to indulge in epithets with regard to the President
of the United States which no gentleman upou the
floor of this House would think of applying to
another member, without expecting to be imme-
diately colled to a personal conflict? In his pub-
lished speech, which is before me, he [Mr. H.]
charged the President of the United States with
stating what was an absolute untruth.
No gentleman would bear this language from
another in the social circle, without immediately
demanding an explanation; and, if that were re-
fused, recourse would be had at once to deadly
weapons. Perhaps the gentleman intends that his
hearers should do as he taught them, not as he
acts; that they should follow his precepts and not
his example. In part of those remarks he charged
a portion of the President's message as "absolutely
untrue," which the gentleman himself proved to
be absolutely true. To that passage, I ask to call
the u sober second thoughts" of the gentleman,
and the attention of the committee. I will read it:
It is this:
" Tlii1 message, Mi. Chairman, declares 'that the existing
war with Mexico vras neither deMred nor provoked by the
Tfintcd States; on the eontiarv, all honorable means were
lesmted lo to avert it!' Tins declaration I pionounce an
absolute untruth; and it will ho the object of mv remaiks to
sustain tin-: po-ition. I believe the Pie~idellt, In making
that declaration, lias made a statement wbieli is not sup-
ported, but is in reahtveoiitradietcd, by the f'aet« 111 the ease.
How does the President attempt to suMain tin- declaiatntn ?
Why, sir, the fiist ebar«e lie brings a^.illist Mexieo is, that,
she has committed spoliations upon our commerce, and has
refused to make leparation."
The charge is an " absolute untruth." And how
does he go on to prove it? In the first place he
said it was not magnanimous in the President to
go behind the treaty of 1839. This is getting rtd
of the testimony in short order; the principal acts
of spoliations were prior to the treaty of 1839. It
was not magnanimous to mention the spoliations,
murders, robberies, injuries, and insults, committed by
Mexico prior to 1839. Why? Because she then
confessed her faults in that treaty, and promised
reparation. And that was a part of the proof
furnished by the gentleman. What did she con-
fess? That she had committed spoliations at sea
on our commerce, plundered and murdered our
citizens on land, and insulted our Government;
that by that treaty she promised to make repara-
tion; and a commission was instituted, which
ascertained that those spoliations and robberies
amounted to more than two millions, besides others
they had not time to act on. Mexico was unable
to pay according to the stipulations of that treaty,
and a new convention was entered into in 1843,
by which she promised to pay the amount thus
ascertained, in twenty instalments. And since, she
has refused, and still refuses, to pay, as the gentle-
man tells us. Yet the gentleman says she has not
refused reparation. This was like the compensa-
tion the Indian made to the trader to whom he was
indebted. An Indian called upon a trader: "Sir,"
. said the trader, " I have a note of yours." "I
• know it," said the Indian, "but I have not the
money to pay with now; and I wish you to wait
a little. I'll pay it by-and-by." "Very well,"
said the trader, " an acknowledgment of the debt
is equal to half payment." He called the second
time, when a similar colloquy took place; and on
calling the third time, he said to the trader, " I owe
you nothing: I have paid you all that I owe you."
" How so ?" said the trader. "Did you not ac-
knowledge the debt the first and second time, and
have you paid me anything since that ?" "True,"
rejoined the Indian, " but the first time you said
an acknowledgment was half pay, and surely the
next acknowledgment was the other half." [Con-
siderable laughter.] And this was all the repara-
tion we had received from Mexico. Twice Mexi-
co admitted the debt, and twice promised pay-
ment, and has not paid that debt since. And yet
the gentleman tells us she has not refused repara-
tion. Well, if there were no spoliations on our
commerce, no murders or robberies, no injuries,
no insults committed, what were the faults she
confessed, and for what did she promise repara-
tion? And if she has refused payment of the
amount ascertained by the treaties of 1839 and
1843, how has she made reparation ? The gentle-
man .tells us she has paid three-instalments. In-
deed! This is but a small fraction of twenty.
Now, I will ask the gentleman, how was it that
Mexico had committed spoliations, and robberies,
and murders, and insulted our flag by her own
admission, and had promised reparation, and never
made itf as had been alleged by the President, and
proved by the gentleman himself, that the Presi-
dent's statement is " an absolute untruth ?" The
President's statement is absolutely true, and has
been proved to be so by the gentleman himself;
and let the charge of untruth fall on whose head
it may, it does not fall on the head of the Presi-
dent.
I have not time to read other passages of the
speech of the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hudson,] but I beg gentlemen to
read it, and say if Almonte himself, or any paid
advocate of Mexico had been admitted upon this
floor, if they could have made a more apologetic,
exculpatory speech to extenuate those spoliations,
murders, robberies, and insdts, of Mexico, than
has been made by-that gentleman ?
As my time is wearing away, 1 will now call the
attention of the committee to the boundary which
separates Texas from Mexico, and on which so
much time has been bestowed by those who have
preceded me. It has been contended by the gen-
tlemen from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] and Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hudson] that the western bound-
ary of the United States (that is, of Texas) was
an" open line, to be settled by negotiation with
Mexico. Grant it, for argument's sake. . And we
had been told, by both of them, that we must not
look for this boundary, as it belonged either to
Louisiana or Texas as a province, but for the line
of revolutionary Texas. Why not? There can
be no reason for this distinction but to keep out
the evidence. This is really begging the ques-
tion. When Texas revolted from Spain, and es-
tablished her independence, she had a right to
claim the same boundary she had while a province
of Spain.
According to my recollection of the history of
these United States, after the declaration and re-
cognition of their independence, each State claimed
the chartered limits which belonged to them as
provinces. It was so with Virginia and Georgia,
who ceded to the United States large territories,
out of which several States have been formed. And
why is not Texas entitled to the same rights?
Let us then see what were the boundaries of
Texas as a province, and of revolutionary Texas;
and, if I am not greatly mistaken, I shall be able
to satisfy the minds of those gentlemen, though I
have not the vanity to believe I shall change their
course.
In November, 1803, not long after the purchase
of Louisiana, Mr. Monroe, in a letter, enclosed
' documents which, he says, " prove incontestably
' that the boundary of Louisiana is the Rio del
' Norte to the west."
In January, 1804, Mr. Madison, Secretary of
State, to Mr. Jefferson, says, " that M. Lausat
[the French commissioner who delivered the pos-
session of Louisiana to the "United States] announ-
ced the Rio del Norte as its true boundary."
